- How Consumerism Ruins Our Planet and Finances: Kind: captions Language: en why don't you let me fix you some of this numo coco drink all natural cocoa beans from the upper slopes of mountain nicaragua no artificial sweeteners what the hell are you talking about in 2021 the average person is estimated to encounter 6 000 to 10 000 advertisements every single day this is double the number of advertisements we'd have seen in 2007 and 12 times more than what people were seeing in the 70s we encounter ads everywhere on tv instagram facebook tick tock magazines and spotify there's a very good chance you had an advertisement before or around this very video i bring up this overwhelming advertisement driven lifestyle we're living because it hints at the larger concern that i have with our current way of life mass consumption consumerism is defined as the preoccupation of society with the acquisition of consumer goods we're constantly being told to buy more want more have more that what you have now is not enough that maybe if you just bought this one product or service your problems would be solved we want more we want more like you really like it you want more i follow you this messaging paired with an oversaturated culture of consumerism and increasingly easier ways to purchase goods at the touch of your fingers has led to an enormous increase in consumer spending over the past several decades which i believe has in turn greatly affected our collective finances joy and environment that's why i wanted to make this video essay today my channel is all about trying to live your best life by leveraging personal finance and living intentionally while also incorporating elements of sustainability and minimalism which makes this topic of consumerism so very relevant to me if we can cut down on our consumption and escape this cult of buying more that has been drilled into us from years and years of advertisements then i believe we can help save our wallets our peace of mind and our planet all at the same time so first off let's talk money mass consumption is really expensive on an individual level usa today reported in 2019 that americans spend an average of 18 000 on non-essentials every year that is a whole down payment on a house or a master's degree that you could pay for or an entire year's worth of rent in a really nice apartment bottom line that is a lot of money in that same usa today article they break down what type of buckets of non-essential spending people are devoting their money to here's the chart so that you can see all of it but i wanted to highlight a few items that stood out to me 108 dollars a month goes to impulse purchases about 94 goes to subscription boxes and about 178 goes to takeout or delivery that is a nearly 400 example of unnecessary mass consumption that is hurting people's wallets every single month that's not even beginning to touch on the other artifacts of mass consumption that we see in that breakdown such as coffee every day bottled water multiple streaming services and online shopping now you've got the idea put plenty of coke in that refrigerator one for you one for me i love it i got us a little something too yeah yep one for you and one for me and look i'm not saying you need to cut all non-essential spending from your life some non-essential spending can really make a fun time like if i want to go to the cheesecake factory with my friends i'm probably going to do that every once in a while i love my good i have a chocolate cheesecake but what i think we need to start doing is instead of cutting it all out just starting to trim it and redirect it using that money for things that are going to be more meaningful in the long term rather than buying things that we just want impulsively and that we probably don't need in our lives i think it's really important for people including myself to try to break out of these habits of buying things impulsively or things that we don't need or aren't going to use in the long term because all of that is a product of the mass consumption culture that we live in our culture promotes convenience whether that's the convenience of getting your food delivered to your doorstep despite almost doubling the cost sometimes or whether it's the ease in which you can purchase just about anything with a click of a button on amazon but what happens is we get trapped in a cycle of consumption which keeps us desperate for money so we can continue to buy more things i saw a stat the other day that blew my mind and it was that sixty percent of millennials who earn one hundred thousand dollars or more a year are living paycheck to paycheck which is wild and a lot of reason for that is because of lifestyle a lifestyle of consumption where buying expensive things or just simply buying a lot of things is the norm here in my garage just bought this uh new lamborghini here fun to drive up here in the hollywood hills people get a rush when they buy something new and for some it helps them feel like they're keeping up with their friends or the people they see online but all of that is a fantasy companies and media influence you to buy more things which in turn forces you to continue working to pay for those things often as an employee at those very same companies we're like little gerbils on a wheel just keep on running but we don't go anywhere we just keep buying things and then we have to keep working and you're stuck and you're stuck until you get off the wheel choosing to turn away from over consumption is how you escape that cycle it's about choosing yourself over products in a lifestyle that's been fed to you by advertisements and media and it's about building up your financial health so that you don't have to live paycheck to paycheck and that you can have financial freedom one day the environmental impact rejecting mass consumption can absolutely help your finances because you're spending less on random stuff that you don't need and it can help your peace of mind because you can start to escape that feeling of comparison and feeling like you always need to keep up with other people online or celebrities or anything like that it's a peaceful existence when you can start turning away from consumption but i think an equally if not more important reason to reject mass consumption is the environmental impact consumerism takes a huge toll on our planet americans alone throw away an average of 81 pounds of clothes and textiles every year that's just for one person and as a nation we dispose of about 26 million tons of plastics each year and the us is not the only country doing this it's not just their problem there's so much excess in the world right now national geographic recently reported that quote this unprecedented consumer appetite is undermining the natural systems we all depend on and making it even harder for the world's poor to meet their basic needs and that quote most of the environmental problems we see today can be linked to consumption oh wait did i say that was a recent report my bad that came out in 2004 so the problem has gotten even worse since then we have a more globalized economy and it's easier than ever to buy things online from all over the world so it's just exacerbating this problem of consumption not to mention our appetite has gotten a lot worse for consumption because of things like social media i'm not saying this all to be alarmist i think we all know the threats that face our planet right now when it comes to climate change i know there's a lot of people and systems that are to blame for this but i think there is a way that we can help contribute to bettering this planet and changing the culture and that's by changing our habits around consumption we have to turn away from the temptations of consumption instead of buying a new wardrobe with every new trend that comes out on tick-tock curate your closet with staples that are timeless and durable keep your current phone if it works instead of lining up to buy whatever new iphone apple has that year gift experiences for people instead of products and start practicing finding joy and excitement in things that don't involve spending money and consuming i don't really blame us for falling into these habits of consumption because it was the blueprint that was laid out for us be a good consumer make companies money maybe if you buy all these products they will fill whatever hole is inside of you i'm not talking about dildos that i'm realizing now that sounds like dildos but any product really mass consumption in general it makes you feel whole that's at least the story that we've been told but it's not true i think there can be so much fun excitement and benefit to rejecting mass consumption and adopting a more simple minimalist and sustainable approach to life if you're on the fence about it try it out for a month try just 30 days of living a little bit more simply and not consuming as much and then at the end see how you feel see if you've saved a ton more money and if you kind of like it and then go from there and if you're already interested or you're already doing it that's amazing and i want to hear what you think in the comments below so let me know how you've gone about living a simple life or rejecting consumerism or what steps you're hoping to take to get there i plan to do more video essays like this in the future from dissecting impulse shopping to talking about how social media keeps us poor so if you're interested in things like that please subscribe i also post weekly videos just in general about personal finance money management living your best life all those things so if you're not subscribed please do and if you'd like to support this channel and the content that i'm making you can also donate some money and quote buy me a coffee in the link below i put it there and i just started it so feel free to do so but also don't feel like you have to but thank you so much for watching i really hope this video was interesting to you guys maybe helpful or inspiring um but yeah thank you again for watching and i will see you guys next week alright bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @thefinancialfreedomgirl [22 likes]: I LAUNCHED A NEWSLETTER!! 🎉 https://thepopfinancereport.substack.com/ -- GO CHECK IT OUT & SUBSCRIBE!!! 🥰 

"The Pop Finance Report" is a monthly (for now) newsletter diving into pop culture and money! If you've been craving more dives into money and media, and perhaps a way to consume media outside of the typical algorithm-driven social media world, this is the newsletter for you!
  2. @theVoid524 [6 likes]: 1:24 it just straight up ruined my life. My finances are destroyed for the next 4 years because of credit cards
  3. @shyamprakash9178 [1 likes]: You just advertised The Cheesecake Factory. I have never been there. Now, i want to try that and see what's the big deal about it. 😂
  4. @ReverieYu-o1h [1 likes]: I agree with the point of video title. Companies and influencers often deliver a concept that people must cosume something in festival,  even in International Women's Day that such a historic day. It's exhausting and I HATE  these behaviors and marketing campaign.
  5. @poeticore2124: lol dildos WHAAAAAAAAAT 🤣🤣🤣
but seriously, your points are TOTALLY VALID. glad i've been following you!!
  6. @GenderedEconomics: TAKK, focuses on simplifying the product choice and fighting overconsumption in beauty industry! For them less is more 🍀You can find the story of TAKK and how it creates change in the industry in our first Plethora of Change Episode. Especially interesting for people interested in sustainability, ethical marketing and beauty care industry😇
  7. @buff9267: Yearly hardware purchases may be the most gluttonous consumer acts ever
  8. @thisisnothappening: Just stop buying and start living 🗿
  9. @leonieschiefer7919: what is this song in the background i need to know it
  10. @littlemu12345: 20$ for coffee a month is not coffee every day per ce, unless it's beans. I buy about a pound of beans and it costs 11$ in WinCo. Lasta for about a month
  11. @Maxfromohio2155: Overconsumption harms the environment way more than overpopulation
  12. @gwenn7748: how do you guys manage to do fun stuff without spending? even on a beach day, i would probably need 10-15$ for food.
  13. @SIMONLOWE-rh2hm: I no u no i never said that
  14. @enperry8895: I plan to write more online on Archive Of Our Own And Plotting The Next Steps On How Should I Extend The Alternative Headcanons Of My Stories, After Publishing Many Chapters As I Could All Copies Would Be Ordered In Person Just To Make Money.
  15. @responderyan: I think consumerism has reached its peak, especially because of social media and endless ads. It is frustrating to realize that almost everything you see is an ad, companies try to sell you something 24/7. Most of the people just follow majority and trends, buying things that they, most probably, won't even use. The problem is that most of the people do not even realize that they are the reason overconsumption happens, they think it's normal and that's why this problem of overconsumption is still persistent, and moreover, growing.
  16. @m_justnotleest: As a 17 y/o girl who's trying to practice underconsumerism, I've been only buying make-ups—specially lipsticks when they run out completely. Buying inks only for my pens, and thrifting clothes has really helped me a lot into controlling my impulsiveness in checking-out on online shops. Though it's hard to avoid these things when ads and influencer continues to promote stuff that have short life-spans.
  17. @adammmsayson5944: don't mind me, just dropped a comment here to deconsumerize my yt algorithm
  18. @JimmyLacroe: Best thumbnail ever 👌
  19. @Hirvi47: I agree with your ideas about consumerism. Moreover , I am bothered by so much advertising. Advertising not only promotes consumerism but it also fills our heads with misleading messages that are often not true!
Try to pay attention to ads with a critical thinking attitude. Ask yourself the question: is this true? is this really how they present it?
  20. @AngelaWildman-ep6qu: This is why I stopped being a toy collector.

- The Psychology Behind Why We Buy Luxury Goods: Kind: captions Language: en purchasing items is a lot more complicated than you might imagine the mere act of buying something is often influenced by social psychology some purchase a luxury handbag from a designer as the run-of-the-mill tuesday afternoon spending thousands of dollars at a high-end boutique is a common event for them there is no denying the grand appeal that luxury goods have after all with luxury items everything is different the leather is soft the logo is flashy but the price can be off-putting those who can afford luxury items daily without breaking the bank or getting entrenched in debt are those with high-paying jobs successful businesses or family fortunes despite knowing all of this many people continue to build a pit of debt for themselves by constantly purchasing super expensive items and desiring the luxurious and exclusive experience so what makes people want to buy luxurious items no matter the consequence in this video we'll be investigating the psychology of super expensive items with a huge price tag slapped on several items it only makes sense that a certain class of people goes for the high-end items but that is not often the case consumers are not always rational with their purchases all at the time someone rational will act following the size of his or her pockets within reason and logic however several behavioral studies show that humans are not rational beings at all these studies also show that many consumers purchase luxury goods even when they're not in a position to do so the proof of this school of thought is evident in the high rates of consumer debt that many americans deal with no matter how you look at it it's pretty clear that many consumers do not act in their best financial interest by purchasing high-end luxury goods that they can barely afford even when presented with a high quality and durable handbag with a moderate price tag at one hundred dollars many people were still opt for the high-end luxury bag that will set them back thousands of dollars it does not matter that both bags perform the same function and are relatively the same in terms of quality one of the reasons why people would rather purchase high-end and expensive items over their cheaper counterparts is the human tendency to over emphasize the positive elements of a product and ignore the disadvantages a good example of this phenomenon is consumers of the products made by apple although there is no proof that the new releases of iphones ipads and mac computers released by apple are technologically superior or even unique when compared to their counterparts many people wait for overnight releases and spend hundreds and thousands of dollars purchasing their products this is even though there are cheaper options available that offer the same function in fact in terms of technological advancement and superiority many tech experts would choose samsung phones over iphones microsoft corporation and xiaomi also made great phones at a relatively cheaper price despite the plethora of better options in terms of price and technological advancement apple still has its brand of loyal followers and they seem to be growing with each new release despite the many options out there many people would rather go into debt to purchase the new iphone than go for a cheaper option because those phones do not have the luxury brand that apple carries non-luxury goods are often considered inferior by so many people under them being non-luxury this perception has nothing to do with the characteristics and qualities of the products themselves this perception then leads to a warped conclusion that the higher priced goods are better quality this irrational logic leads them to believe that with higher priced goods what you pay for is what you get disregarding whether or not the goods are better than their more affordable counterparts costly items and expensive goods are often considered to be high quality exclusive custom-made goods that offer more to their consumers than their cheaper counterparts even though there is no proof that expensive means better many people would still consider expensive things to be better and more effective even when they are no different from their cheaper counterparts according to a study conducted by scientists at the california institute of technology and stanford united there are changes to the human brain when they discover they are making use of expensive items the study showed that people believe that the taste of wine is better when they're told it is expensive an mri scan of the brain revealed that they do enjoy it more when they think that the wine is indeed more expensive similar results were observed in another study when a placebo was used in place of an analgesic the participants who took the pill that were supposedly worth two dollars and fifty cents said that they felt more pain relief than when they took the pill worth only ten cents however both pills were identical placebos another reason why people would break the bank to purchase super expensive items can be associated with self-esteem low self-esteem can prompt people to purchase luxury items whether or not they can afford them several consumers associate owning luxury goods with boosting their self-esteem and giving them a sense of belonging with online shopping on the rise many people can purchase a 500 scarf at the click of a button whether or not they can afford it as many people consider shopping therapeutic luxury goods are considered the ultimate retail therapy the internet has made luxury items easily accessible for impulse shopping and that has further propagated the idea that luxury items are special indeed many shoppers feel a sense of accomplishment when they purchase luxury goods they consider it a reward for accomplishing set goals and meeting certain deadlines by treating themselves to something that they cannot normally afford the consumers would rather choose luxury items over the normal reasonably priced quality counterparts rather than save money with a fake rolex many people would rather pay full price for an authentic rolex even when they look the same although they look the same the owner will know that they're not quite the same and would rather purchase an authentic luxury good like a high-end watch over a fake look-alike this does not seem like a rational choice if the point of purchasing luxury goods is to show off to others then why wouldn't customers just buy a fake when that will do the trick just fine well according to researchers at vale the quest for authenticity is something humans developed since childhood a study conducted tried to convince children that a cloning machine had produced their favorite toy the study discovered that most children refused to accept the duplicate as the original it was discovered that the sentimentality of the item is one of the reasons why we seek authenticity the sentimentality can occur in the form of memory or feeling that comes from having purchased a genuine luxury good that means that for some people treating themselves to a pair of fake christian louboutin brand boots is just not the same and not at all as special according to research conducted by michael norton a psychologist and professor of business administration at harvard business school price and perception have a huge influence on purchasing decisions of consumers if an item is reportedly twice as expensive it is assumed to be twice as good norton's research indicated that as humans we are motivated to splurge because our happiness can be boosted by having new experiences this is why many people might choose a five-star restaurant for a new experience rather than the safe and predictable three-star option it is also the reason why people choose to save up and go out all splurging during events like birthdays and anniversaries following that line of logic norton analyzed why people are constantly purchasing very expensive items and new expensive experiences there is an extra boost when you increase the quality of the experiences so a ten thousand dollar whiskey bottle may be twice as pleasant as a five thousand dollar whiskey bottle because it's an exceptional experience some people are constantly searching for uniquely leisure experiences even when it might be less pleasurable to build out and experience this by collecting awesome memories consumers experience a sense of achievement and progress and also improve their wow people purchase luxury goods for a variety of reasons most of those reasons are not at all logical but attached to emotions even when the purchase of a luxurious item does not have the most financial sense many consumers would rather go into debt purchasing luxury items rather than purchase a cheaper item of the same quality perhaps by understanding the psychology of super expensive items many people will be able to deal with their constant desire to choose only the expensive and give the cheaper alternative of great quality a try as well so tell me do you spend lavishly on luxury items if so at what point of income do you think it is justifiable let us know in the comments section below and if you enjoyed this video hit that like button and don't forget to subscribe to our channel for weekly luxury content goodbye lux cats until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @DharmendraRaiMindMap [3 likes]: One word answer: stupidity
  2. @dollywood24 [3 likes]: Michelin star restaurants are 1-3 stars. Hotels receive 1-5 stars.
  3. @luxe_cat [1 likes]: Have you bought a bottle of Ace Of Spades?
  4. @Muselinksworldly [1 likes]: Owners of these luxury brands worked really hard to make their products a brand name. So if you buy it that means you work hard. You deserve it. And it probably feels good and yea it boosts your confidence up a bit. So what? Your money your choice. I see nothing wrong with it. If you don’t work hard or you think you do for whatever reason and you decided to buy it. Bad choice. But again your money your choice. Do you.
  5. @baze3SC [1 likes]: Ironically, wealthy people tend to have a better understanding of the value of money. Plus, they rarely feel the need to flaunt their wealth. It’s typically lower-middle-class individuals who believe that purchasing overpriced items is a shortcut to happiness or higher social status.
  6. @Silverripples [1 likes]: luxury is just a label,  nowadays items adhere to at least a minimum of quality or otherwise they would not survive in todays market,.a 1000 dollar bag is better than a 5 dollar one but never better than a 70 dollar bag. There is a price and quality turn point and there it is nonsense to spent more. A rolex is a watch that tells you time, a timex does the same, it is its functionality in the end, otherwise it is just posing for the person.
  7. @mazharali1181 [1 likes]: Human psychology is insane 😳
  8. @FlawlessMotivations12: That's why I want to kill all hooomans by 2028 🤨🤨
  9. @MioYuki: I have low self-esteem and I'm not buying those stupid things
  10. @professionalboycottservice7872: Spending 10000 on whiskey or wine is the dumbest money move. Spending luxury is better on things you cannot eat and shit.
  11. @professionalboycottservice7872: I only have iPhone 8 plus. Not into electronics. I love bags.
  12. @garyh.2487: Happiness is being irrational.
  13. @Ricoposole91: If you can afford luxury items go for it, but that means you have your investments and they are generating income for your luxuries. If you’re buying items on credit cards and payments that means you can’t afford it
  14. @Ricoposole91: If you can afford luxury items go for it, but that means you have your investments and they are generating income for your luxuries. If you’re buying items on credit cards and payments that means you can’t afford it

- Baltimore Mayor EXPOSED Again… DEFENDS $890K Luxury Spending - It Backfired BADLY: Kind: captions Language: en Tonight, a scathing [music] new report from the Inspector General's office is raising concerns over how the mayor's office is choosing to spend tax dollars. [music] The investigation finds hundreds of purchases missing prior approval. Much of it's spent on food, flowers, and luxury stadium suites. >> The report released at the same [music] time the IG is suing St. Paul over access to financial documents within the mayor's office of Neighborhood Safety and Engagement. >> Bigger picture question because I'm kind of confused of what's happening here because you know, you you blocked is about coming from access information. >> Right. I got to jump in. We didn't block her from information. >> Well, she subpoenaed for information and you haven't given her the information. Right. That that portion which is illegal. We are back talking about Baltimore Mayor Brandon Scott. We talked about the Inspector General report. Nearly a million dollars of taxpayer money being spent on food, flowers, and stadium suites. Then we talked about the press conference video where he blamed his staff, called it a fraction of the budget, and went to no comment when $40,000 was spent on a farewell party for a guy who never left. >> not illegal, then it's appropriate. >> So you think that's okay for tax dollars to be spent on it? I think it's okay for us to who just run with what I said earlier. My response is what I gave you earlier. >> Is Marvin's party okay? No comment on his aide's party, especially since James is still earning a $190,000 salary annually. So the scrutiny has been mounting, residents have been talking, and the city council is mostly silent. And the Inspector General is in court. And instead of laying low, Brandon Scott went on a morning show and doubled down on everything. Every single position. No apology, no accountability, more deflection, more we're doing it the right way. I'm going to show you a few clips from this interview that he had, and we'll see exactly what doubling down looks like when the receipts are already on the table, and he's already in a lot of trouble. Let's get into it. Because the host asked him directly about blocking the attorney general, you see what he's going to say and what he admitted, and this is going to be the clearest picture yet of exactly what is going on here. I did want to ask you about an IG question, and I know there's litigation. I know you can't answer it, but it's it's it's a bigger picture question because I'm kind of confused of what's happening here because, you know, you blocked Isabel coming from access to information. You know, I know it's going to court, but you got uh state state lawmakers >> Bryant. I got to jump in. We didn't block her from information. She >> Well, she subpoenaed for information, and you haven't given her the information. Right. That That portion, which is illegal, but yes, we She can get information, just not stuff that is protected. Just want to be clear about Even though she subpoenaed for it, and you they won't be handed over to her. So, his explanation, she can get the information, just not stuff that's protected. Protected from who? She is the Inspector General. Her entire job, the job the city created and the city pays for, is to investigate exactly this kind of spending. The documents she's asking for are financial records from Mose, M.O., his Office of Neighborhood Safety, the office that he built, the office that he brags about constantly, the office he spent $890,000 running in part with the taxpayers of Baltimore. But, the host didn't really let it slide. Right there on this friendly morning show, the host said it plain. She subpoenaed for information, and you haven't given her the information. And the mayor really didn't have no answer. He pivoted to it has to be done in accordance with the law. That's the move. Every time the receipts come out, he hides behind process. People skip protocol. It has to follow the law. We have to do it the right way. But, the IG is the right way. That's what she's there for. And he's in court right now fighting to make sure she can't do her job. That's blocking. That's the whole definition of blocking. She had to issue a subpoena. If you guys know what a subpoena is, it's a legal demand for documents. And his office said, "Nah, son. We're not doing that." But, real quick, if you're interested in this type of content and you haven't subscribed yet, hit the subscribe button, like, share, even do that hype thing that I still haven't figured out what that means, but hype the video if you want this video to spread to bigger and bigger audiences. Thank you very much, and let's continue. So, in this clip, he's going to be asked about Senate Bill 9, a bipartisan legislation to restore IG access. And what he said revealed everything. Let me ask you, Mr. Mayor, because there's legislation right now that's been introduced bipartisan, Democrats and Republicans. It's called Senate Bill 991. Now, what this would do is not just for Isabel Cummings, Inspector General of Baltimore City, but there's four Inspector Generals in our state. It would allow them to be removed from the Maryland Public Information Act thing that is kind of blocking their access and allow them to do what they were doing prior to this type of question that was raised by the Attorney General. And I just want to know kind of where you stand on that because it's not just for Baltimore City, it's across the board. I want to be very clear. Uh they you could not uh get that information, right? Some of that information we're talking about, they still couldn't get that before. And what I will say is is that it's really not up for me to determine that C4, but it's really up to this the state and the lawyers, right? Because what what I've been saying to you and and Brian still rings true, right? What what you have to understand that if this information that is protected gets out, right? It puts the jurisdictions at risk and and puts them at liability at high risk of liability. And that's the part that that that we cannot ignore. It puts the jurisdiction at liability. Let me translate that for you. He's saying that the Inspector General, the city's own independent watchdog, cannot be trusted with financial records because if those records got out, it would create a legal risk for the city. The watchdog is the risk, not the $890,000 in unapproved spending, not the $52,000 at the stadium, not the farewell party for guy who never left. The person trying to investigate all of this, she's the liability. And then he says it's not up to him, it's up to the state and the lawyers. But here's the receipt. His own office acts Senator Antonio Hayes to request an attorney general opinion specifically to slow down the IG's access to those documents. This mayor is not a passive bystander waiting for the state to decide. He's actively working to shape what the state decides. In Senate Bill 9, Democrats and Republicans introduced this bill together. Bipartisan, which is unheard of nowadays. That's not really following the law. That's using the law as a shield while you fight to make sure the law never changes. But when you deal with these types of people, you have to keep the pressure on because this is exactly how accountability dies. Not with a bang, but with the process. This is where he starts to defend Mo's. And this is where part where the receipts get really personal. >> People [snorts] continue to come after Montrese because they don't like or respect the work that they do. And you know me, I always say and I will continue to say, I don't care who you are. If you do something wrong, you will be held accountable, right? We just saw that this week when the state attorney indicted three police officers and you saw a release from both of us and I'm right there saying, yes, this is unacceptable. We will hold them accountable through actions and that's actually that the police department initiated itself on itself. The same goes for Montrese and anybody, the community organizations they work with or anybody. But this target that has been on their back, the the defamatory claims that people have thrown around online, these attacks are nothing more in my opinion to undermine Montrese's work at a time where that work is helping us to achieve a goal, C4 and Bryant, that people said that we couldn't and that people in the city have wanted for a decade. I will not allow them to just be thrown around. >> Talking about defamation claims, the inspector general is not online. She's not a YouTuber. She's not a political opponent or political commentator. She is the city's appointed independent watchdog and she filed a lawsuit in the court of law to access these documents. I don't see how that's defamation. That is a subpoena. But you see what he just did. He framed a legitimate government oversight as an attack on the people doing the work. If you question Mo's, you don't respect the work. If you demand financial transparency, you're undermining the mission. That's a very convenient position for mayor who's built a $24.7 million office and spending $890,000 on food and celebrations and is now in court blocking the person whose entire job is to follow the money. He said, "I don't care who you are. If you done something wrong, you will be held accountable." He said that in the same interview where he is fighting in court to make sure that the inspector general cannot access the records that would tell us if something wrong was done. The timeline doesn't make any sense. But we have one more clip to discuss because I think the host ended it in a very funny, funny way and I'm not sure if the mayor actually understood what was going on. >> Well, Mayor Brandon Scott, you know that we have had the mayor's office neighborhood safety engagement leaders with us, Shante Jackson and with the Stephanie Mavronis on our show to highlight Yeah, I was talking about YouTube. I understand. I just want to make it clear. I want to make it clear to highlight the different things they're doing, but that doesn't mean that there aren't questions that we can't raise when it appears to be a lack of transparency. Well, Mr. Mayor, you disarmed me to begin this interview by saying that you're going to be supporting as you should be supporting the Poly Girls in their games. So, it's I can't really be on you, but I will say that I hope those those crabs that are coming, I guess it's from Australia, that we're waiting for those coco crab cakes to come in. They should be landing pretty soon. But I thank you very much, Mr. Mayor, for your time. I really appreciate Thank you very much, Mr. Mayor. Thank you all. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Always appreciate coming on the show. But those crabs must be delicious. We've been waiting for that crab cakes for 2 years now. I don't know about you, but the fact that he even made a crab cake joke on his show and the mayor just laughed it off. I think, to be honest, I think that's a bit of a slight. But I don't know their relationship, maybe they're cool. But when you think about it, this is a interview where he spent about 23 minutes, and I'll put the link to the interview in the comments below. If I forget, just remind me. This is an interview where the mayor defends himself blocking subpoena documents, calling bipartisan legislation someone else's problem, and said the people who question Mo's are throwing around defamation claims. And the host ended it with a crab cake joke. That's where we are right now. The IG report dropped, he's getting pressed on camera, and he's blaming his staff. He sat in a really friendly interview and admitted they're not going to hand over those documents. Bipartisan legislation exists right now to fix what he's blocking, and he says it's not really up to him. So, this investigation is far from over. The lawsuit is still in court, and Senate bill 9 is still in motion. So, we'll continue to follow this and follow the money because every receipt is on the table. I don't see how he is going to be able to get out of this. This is a really, really big blow on his administration. But let me know what you guys think about this in the comments below. Thank you for taking time to watch this video, and I'll see you guys in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @hydrodjinn4524 [1 likes]: They never stop😂 this is why nobody trusts the government... I wouldntvmind paying taxes if it was being used for what they say. They wonder why the problem isn't being fix😂 y'all elected officials are part of the problem. If you have nothing to hide #fulldisclosure the money is for everyone not for them to spoil themselves #selfishness
  2. @Marie70272 [1 likes]: If it’s not illegal then it’s appropriate…Well, daaamn🙄🤷🏽‍♀️
  3. @BillKidd-x2i: Fraudster has been proven on him many times now where’s the money and get
him out now
  4. @2000boostedintegra: I bet our taxes would be half as much if it wasn’t for all the corrupt politicians
  5. @2000boostedintegra: He will just raise taxes to cover his life style😬
  6. @DntUTlkAbtAntHenny: I knew the Baltimore mayor was a fraud after I heard him speak "the very first time!"
He is a FAKE👉🏾FRAUD👉🏾FAT MOUTHING👉🏾MENACE to BALTIMORE MD! This 🤡 is allowed to be exactly what he is "scam con-artist🤡!" 
This 🤡 skates all over questions! I have "NEVER" heard this guy answer 
1- question honestly and properly...
Get Rid of HIM!?
  7. @tinamenard1404: He is just as delusional as Michelle Wu, Brandon Johnson, Jacob Frey, Karen Bass, and the rest of the mayors across our country that don’t want to be held accountable for misappropriations of funds.
  8. @GregoryFortman-g1k: Again he is a thief. I guess the rules of that credit don't apply to Scott. No purchase of alcohol. In a picture at the stadium glass of champagne or wine. No alcohol using that card. There are people in the city starving and nowhere to sleep and he is spending this kind of money. He is a thief
 He needs to be put in their positions for a week. Let him see how his spending takes away from the citizens of baltimore
  9. @philklemen: If there is a Treasurer red flags should be a plenty?????
  10. @TYRAMBROWN: SEND HIM TO JAIL HE's A LIAR PEOPLE BECAME HOMELESS BECAUSE OF THESE THIEVES DISGUSTING JAIL, JAIL, HE'S ILLEGAL WE LOOKING FOR THE $300 MILLIONS+ THAT HE WAS GIVEN AS WE SEE IT DID'NT GO BACK INTO TRASHMORE TAKE THEM ALL DOWN DISGUSTING!!!! KICK OPEN THE DOOR SUCK THEM ALL OUT WITH A VACUM!! HE"S GOTTA GO TO JAIL NOW!!!!!
  11. @helloguyssister: Destroy bridge fix do it
  12. @chuckpugh1165: When they start with,” you have to understand”, look out!!!
  13. @geeferg3861: Love my Mayor. Lived in inner city Baltimore ALL MY LIFE and I am seeing real improvements. With other mayors from my childhood when they talked about city projects they wanted/were implementing I never saw it but I have with Brandon Scott.
  14. @michaeldomingue-bosley4273: We wuz thieves n shiiit. We wuz politicaling lying thieves n shieeeieet
  15. @LisaNeely66: Treason
  16. @CC-rd7wi: I am so happy you're covering this. They also have fraudulent invoices that have been tampered with. His play book is old. He likes to use race as click bait to hide under his criminal activity.
  17. @Hawkre10: He’s such a liar and never takes accountability for anything.
  18. @davidspringham3962: Same old same old. BALTIMORE has a history of corrupt Mayors that have been convicted for fraud.
  19. @tonybyrnes7394: No way....democrat means not guilty ! Right ?
  20. @TheTacticalMentor: Why everytime we get into government office or positions of power, we embarrass the whole race and then play innocent?
All these black mayor's, judges, prosecutor's and company owners who have been caught red handed in the last year! SMFH 😒

- Things I REGRET Buying Since Becoming An Influencer...: Kind: captions Language: en - Hi, sisters. James Charles here. And welcome back to my YouTube channel. You guys, for today's video I am so beyond excited because we're going to be chit-chatting. Taking a little trip down memory lane. And also getting a little bit shady as well. Because I wanna talk to you guys all about the different things that I regret buying since becoming an influencer. My friend Alisha Marie uploaded a video like this a couple of weeks ago. And I thought it was really, really interesting to watch her go through different things that she's bought in over the past couple of years. And talked about how she wished she had spent her money in different ways. When somebody gets famous or shoots into the spotlight really quickly as like, an influencer, or a celebrity usually a lot of money comes with that as well. Which is a super exciting time because of course you now have access to all these fun, luxurious things that you didn't have in the past. Houses, cars, jewelry, bags, et cetera, et cetera. But it can also be a really, really dangerous time as well because there's so many different trends to follow. And there's a lot of pressure to look a certain way or have certain things. And if you're not really, really careful you can start making dumb decisions, and just buying everything left and right. I'm really lucky that I've always had a great team around me that have helped me make smart financial decisions and investments. But that being said. There are still quite a lot of things that I have spent an ungodly amount of money on over the past couple of years. You guys, I'm talking up to hundreds and thousands of dollars down the drain. So today I wanna talk about all the different things that I regret buying since I became an influencer. Let's get into it. (upbeat music) Okay, you guys. So the first thing that I really wanna talk to you about today... Oh God, this is gonna pain me, but I need to include it in this video. Is the classic, the thing that every influencer has in their closet at some point, the Cartier Love Bracelet. Now, mine is currently unscrewed. It's in two halves. But normally this comes together to make the bracelet that literally every single person, every single celebrity has worn on their wrist at some point including myself. They got really popular 'cause there was like one picture of Kylie where she had like 10 on one wrist. And everyone's talking about how she could pay off their college tuition with like the bracelets alone. And this was definitely something that I bought because I just felt like it was the trendy thing to do. This bracelet cost me... Should I? I should say the prices, right? - [Trevor] Yeah. - I have to say the...(laughing) This cost me a whopping $6,000 for this bracelet. And I'm not gonna lie to you guys. I, of course, I think it's like a pretty piece of jewelry. But I really only bought it because it was like the popular thing to do. And I felt like it was like necessary for me to just fit in with the in-crowd. - [Trevor] Does that have like diamonds on it? - Nope. It's literally just white gold. You know, the worst part about it? I do have the full diamond one. - [Trevor] How much is that? - $56,000. - Yeah. And but that, I don't know if I regret buying 'cause at least diamonds do hold their value. So at least I can justify it more. This is literally just a chunk of metal. Like a chunk of metal for $6,000. Stupid. You can get the same thing from like fake jewelry stores online, or on like the black market, or like in Santee Alley in Los Angeles. - [Trevor] Black market? (laughing) - Okay, I'm not literally, I don't literally- - [Trevor] Black market is where you get like kidneys. - I don't- (laughs) I don't literally mean like the black market, or the dark vibe. I just mean like you can get a counterfeit version for much, much, much cheaper. If I could go back in time and tell myself, James, you don't need this to fit in. And you're still equally as great without it. I would have. The number two item on this list. (chuckling) Oh my God. This pains me to even have this item in my hand, but I need to do this. That would be the Balenciaga Sock Shoes. If you guys been following me for a long, long time. You would now that I think I bought these in probably 2000...probably end of 2017, early 2018. I unfortunately wore them for about two years straight. - [Trevor] Are those the exact ones? - No, the original ones are in the garbage because they officially, the toe separated from the bottom of the shoe. That's how often I wore that. - [Trevor] And those are your second pair and they still look like like that? - Oh, Trevor. These are like my fifth pair of these shoes. They cost $700 each. - [Trevor] Wow. - And I have these in black. I have these in red. I have these in white. I have these in gray. I actually had two of the pairs in black. So I just lied right to your face. They did look decent with majority of the outfits that I was wearing them in. I could literally do an entire YouTube video just on bad fashion decisions that I made since becoming an influencer. (chuckles) But that's a separate time. (carnival music) I will say, to give the credit where credit is due. These are by far the most comfortable shoe that I've ever owned. I think they were very, very trendy at the time and I followed the trend. But I didn't get off the train when I should have. And that's why they're on this list today. I want to switch to a different category and talk a little bit about tech. Now, you guys know that I am obsessed with technology and production. Well, actually I don't really know if... I've talked about it before, but it's not like a common thing for me. I am a huge nerd when it comes to a camera, the lighting, video equipment. Like I just love trying to make my videos as pretty as they can possibly be. One thing that I really, really regret buying maybe more than anything on this actual list is this right here. Which is the Canon-(laughing) This is literally as big as my head. The Canon 1D X Mark II. And with the lens attached to it, this entire setup cost me about 10,000. - [Trevor] What? - Everyone goes, oh! - [Trevor] We're like a live sound effects. - Like a live studio audience. So we used to shoot our videos on a Canon 5D Mark 4 which is a really popular film, DSLR camera, that a lot of beauty gurus use. The videos that really looked great. Like there was literally nothing wrong with them at all. I just wanted to spend money for some reason and just get one set further up in a camera to see if I can make the videos better. We use this camera for about, I would say six months. And then literally one day I remember watching my YouTube video and being like, this looks bad. This looks like busted, crusted, dusted, and rusted. And it literally was $6,000 more than my other camera. Like why, why? - Why? Why? Why? - And then literally that same day, I took this off the tripod, put my old 5D Mark 4 back on it. From that day on we've been using our old camera ever since. That is what I'm filming on today. There was nothing wrong in the first place. This was just a dumb thing. And I really wish that I could return this. But unfortunately the camera stores didn't want it back. So now I'm stuck with it. All right, you guys. So the next item or items, rather. It's not even really an item. It's more of like a phase in my life that I really regret. My James Charles custom outfits phase. Before I talk about this, I want to make it really, really clear that I'm not including this because the clothes were bad. The designers that made these pieces they worked really, really hard on them. The quality is like good for a lot of them too. So, that's not the reason why they're in here. The reason why they're in here is because I love Coachella. The first time that I went to Coachella was in 2018 and I wanted to do something controversial and fun. So I worked with the designer, Bryan Hearns, on making a lot of really cool custom pieces for the festival. I remember being at Coachella and my outfit picture that year was my first picture to ever hit a million likes on Instagram, which for me was so exciting. Like I literally could not believe it. Now, the problem though is after the festival I think that I became a little bit obsessed with like the idea of wearing these custom-ey type outfits would garner good engagement. Because unfortunately I kept wearing these outfits. I wore custom outfits to award shows. I wore custom outfits for different videos. I wore custom outfits for photo shoots. And the problem is after making the worst dress list time and time and time again. And spending like 2500 to like $4,000 on each one of these outfits. It just became a really bad financial decision. It made me feel special. It made me feel confident. It definitely created a splash and boosted engagement as well, which was a definite bonus. But after spending, I had to do the math. I would probably say around like $75,000 on different custom looks over the- Just that's money that I will never ever get back. Okay, you guys. The next item on this list that I regret buying was quite literally the first thing that I knew I wanted to include in this video, as soon as we thought of it. And that is my size 35 black with palladium hardware Hermes Birkin bag. - [Trevor] The full name. - Not the government name. This bag cost me $22,500. - [Trevor] Geez. Yeah. - I really wish that I did not buy this. Basically, if you don't know what a Birkin is, they are like the bag of the rich and famous. Kylie has like an entire closet with them. Drake has like every single one ever made to give to his future wife one day. They're really, really popular. And they're really hard to get as well. Like you can't just go to the store and just buy a Birkin. You have to become a loyal customer. You have to buy a lot of other things. And spend a lot of money until one day you're at the store, and then an employee literally pulls you into a back room, and it's like, "Do you wanna buy a Birkin?" Its' like, it's crazy. It's literally crazy. I became obsessed with the idea of like, okay, if all these rich and famous people have like a Birkin, I need a Birkin so I can fit in with the club, and feel like I'm a part of, you know, the group. Unlike, you know, the outfits or the camera or whatever that I can't sell. Birkins actually do hold their value. I should be able to tactically resell this for a very, very similar amount of money, if not, maybe even a slight profit. Because these do go up in value over time because they only make a certain amount of bags a year. The problem now and why I cannot sell this bag is because... Will you bring the camera down for me a little bit? - [Trevor] Of course. - You have to take like really, really good care of these, okay. And when I sit my Birkin bag on the table. That's what- (laughs) (clapping) Now, I don't know if that's because when you're not using your Birkin bag, you're supposed to store it in like a temperature controlled room, and like put a wrap on it, and put stuffing in it. So it doesn't fall over. Which sorry. That's way too much work for a bag. I've never ever, ever in my life. Or if it's because on my first day of getting it my best friend Drew decided to fart inside of it. Which probably disintegrated the leather and ruined the overall structure. (farting) What the fu- Nonetheless, unfortunately for me, I'm never getting my money back from this and I really don't wear it that often. So, this is definitely a purchase I regret buying. For this last item. You guys we have to take a lovely trip upstairs and outside. One of my biggest regrets. Oh! - [Louis] Oh. The door is the big regret. Hi, Teo. - For this last and final item you guys. We have to head outside. It is... (indistinct) I think she's gonna like start overheating and blow up into space right now. Like- - It is making some noise there. - When I got this car Tesla- Oh my God. - It keeps getting louder. It's gonna like literally take off into space, like Space X. So i got this car in 2018. And I think I bought this car for $126,000, which is a lot of money. And to be fair, it comes with a lot of great features. It's a beautiful looking car. It's electric obviously. We have the screen. So many different things. Autopilot like it makes sense to me, but the amount of times that I've had to bring this into the shop really does outweigh the amount of money that I spent on it. And makes it onto this list in the first place. I think last year I was dealing with a problem where I would literally get into the car, and the mirrors just kept flipping in and out, and in and out. Which is obviously a major, major safety hazard. 'Cause I can't see behind me. And I tried to get an appointment to get it fixed. And they literally told me it was gonna take two months. - Da fuck. - There've been so many different times where my tires would just like not rotate. Like I've almost like almost got in an accident several times and had to go to the shop to get like the tires fixed. Or not the tires like the turning mechanism fixed. It just like wasn't working. But the worst part by far about this car is the charging. Now I'm not talking about in general. The charging is not accurate. Do you see how on my dashboard it says 158 miles charging complete. That could not be further from the truth. The unit of charge is not like a percentage. It's not like it's 99% charge or 50% charge. It's in miles. So it says you have 158 miles on this car. You guys, the amount of times that I have left my house when it says you have 200 miles on this car, okay. And I've driven somewhere 20 miles away. But somehow end up with only a hundred miles left by the time that I actually get to that destination is insane. Where did the other 80 miles go? We have left the house on a full battery charge and are literally on the freeway on the way home with all of the windows open, the A/C completely off, the screen brightness down to zero, music not playing, phones unplugged from the charger. Trying to conserve as much battery as we possibly can because we're literally on the freeway with 1% battery. - [Louis] It's so scary. - Praying that we make it home. I'm not driving it 300 miles per hour, okay. I'm a safe, healthy. Healthy? I am a safe speed limit type driver. Most of the time. All right you guys. Well, I think for today that completes our list of things becoming an influencer. Like I said in the intro, there's nothing wrong with spending your hard-earned money on things that you love and that make you happy. But at the same time, it is really, really important to make a smart financial decisions. Invest your money wherever you can. And don't follow trends just because it's a popular thing to do. I really wanna know from you guys out of all the items on my list today, which one was most shocking to you? If you enjoyed today's video, please don't forget to give it a big thumbs up down below. Your support really means a lot and helps me out. Also click that subscribe button. And finally click that bell icon right next to it. So you get notified every time I upload a new video. All my social media accounts are just James Charles if you wanna follow me anywhere else. And with that being said. Thank you guys so much for watching today's video. I love you. And I will see you in the next one. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EllenKAMANGA-f4e [29 likes]: Who is in 2025
  2. @nachocheesefries01 [8 likes]: who’s here in 2025
  3. @marina87253 [3 likes]: 9:38 I'M DEADDD😭😭😭😭
  4. @aurorakayjh [3 likes]: even just the shoes price would change my life wow😭😭😭
  5. @zoereijnen1429 [1 likes]: Wow 2025😂
  6. @Kaji2020 [1 likes]: 10:26 hi teo 😁😁
  7. @Y_st4r-i4u [1 likes]: Who is Here in 2025
  8. @Alex_Afton25085: 9:38 sorry James 😂😂😂😂😂
  9. @kerryogrady3637: Not many people can honestly say they've FARTED into an Hermes Jane Birkin Bag.
Big up to that mincy little guy.
Having a Birkin bag that someone farted in makes it way more exclusive, no ?
  10. @dunger1531: What you’re looking at here is a person who believes that material worth makes you who you are as a person.
In reality, this is a loathsome carp sucking at the bottom of the pond for food. 
If you are “influenced” by this…I truly pity you.
Be yourself.
Not this.
  11. @Michel-wq6kl: Friend is a really ungrateful friend, he hardly had money to buy his bag, but ruin his friend's expensive thing he could without any problems, what disrespect, James, reconsider your surroundings
  12. @katiewashabaugh2821: 2026 In the house! Happy New Year Everyone! 🎉
  13. @Doll_Facee: The Hermes was the most shocking to me.
  14. @Doll_Facee: Woah never a Tesla. Petrol it is.
  15. @Doll_Facee: TikTok brought me here. Hi James been following before your make up Launch.
  16. @aleenasingh6264: When you drive with the windows down the air gets in the car and makes it harder for the car to drive so it uses more mileage
  17. @DONNATEMPLETON: Who is here in 2025👇
  18. @iantaylor9610: Bombastic A side eye😂
  19. @emilysmithbeautyblog89: 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
  20. @carinaurbinafigari9971: I love ❤️ you

- Space Exploration is the Worst | Emily Calandrelli | TEDxIndianaUniversity: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: Rosa Baranda Space exploration is the worst. I should know. I'm the host of an outer-space TV show on Fox called Xploration Outer Space, and I got my degree from MIT in aeronautics and astronomics, and what I've learned is that space exploration and technology are a waste of time and money, and everybody knows it. Why are we spending billions of dollars to send things into outer space when we have so many problems down here on the ground? Extreme drought along the west coast, heat waves that are getting worse around the world, three billion people, nearly half of all humans on the planet, living in poverty, 62 million of those are little girls without access to an education, and Justin Bieber just can't seem to get his life together. (Laughter) So many problems to be focusing on, and at the same time, we have NASA over here spending $18 billion a year on space exploration and research. Now sure, that's only half a percentage of the total US federal budget, which is over $3 trillion, and OK, fine, with that budget they conduct intense research which leads to breakthrough discoveries and technologies that spill out across many commercial sectors. But still, many diverse people think space exploration is a waste of money, and I for one, agree with them. NASA is not the only one spending money on this worthless venture; we have billionaire entrepreneurs doing it too. Elon Musk, the billionaire, genius behind Paypal and Tesla is now dedicating both his brain and his bank to space exploration. And then Richard Branson, the man behind the Virgin empire, now has his own space tourism company, Virgin Galactic, which is selling rides into outer space. And the guy who created Amazon, Jeff Bezos, has his own rocket company. All of these billionaire entrepreneurs and NASA are wasting their time and money because space exploration is the worst. And today, I'm going to give you three reasons why that is. Those three reasons have to do with snowballs, Facebook, and dinosaurs. First and foremost, space exploration is just plain annoying. Why is that? Well, it has to do with something you may have heard of called climate change. Specifically, human-caused climate change. This crazy idea that little humans could create enough dirty technology to change the entire climate of our planet. Ridiculous, right? Half of Americans think so too. They go outside, and they look up at the sky and they think, look how much atmosphere we have! There's no way we could do anything to screw that up. Well, space exploration wants to ruin that perspective by first bringing us back annoyingly beautiful images like this and this that show us that thin blue line. Now that line, well, that's actually our atmosphere. And from these images we can tell that, ok, fine, it's kind of thin, we don't actually have that much of it, but that's frustrating to see, right? Because it makes it a little bit easier to believe that, well, maybe we could change our climate with the activities that we are doing on the surface. But NASA doesn't want to just make you believe that we could change our climate, no, they want to give us data to prove it. Now, we all know that NASA likes collecting data on other planets, like Mars, the Red Planet. We love Mars, we love hearing about Mars, we love movies about Mars, especially when they have Matt Damon in them. But you know what we hate? Being lectured with absolutely any data about the earth, about our own planet. And all that data, well, that's NASA's fault. NASA spends nearly $2 billion a year specifically on earth science. They own and operate 16 different key earth-observing satellites, each giving us different data about how our own planet is changing. And believe me, nobody likes this annoying data less than Congress. This year Congress passed a bill to defund NASA's earth science program by $300 million. This is a brilliant idea! Because this way, if this trend continues, we won't just have to ignore the consensus from climate scientists that human-caused climate change is real, we can eventually just not have any climate data at all. So much easier, right? This guy thinks so too. This is Senator Jim Inhofe, the chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee in the Senate. This guy hates that annoying data. But you know what he loves? Snowballs. This year the Senate had a hearing about climate change, at that hearing, Senator Jim Inhofe bravely went down to the Senate floor with a snowball. And he said, "You know what this is? It's a snowball. So, it's very, very cold out." See, Senator Inhofe was smart. He didn't tell them that 2014 was the hottest year in recorded history. He didn't mention that increased snowfall is actually an indicator of global warming. Global warming warms our oceans, warmer oceans evaporate more quickly, creating more moisture in our atmosphere, which they can measure with satellites, and that increased moisture can make precipitation events, like snowfall, more extreme. So while we are having shorter, warmer winters, they can actually measure increased snowfall in many places. But no, he didn't say that, because all of that is not as fun as "global warming bad, snowball good." Because all of that, that would involve annoying data, data from satellites, data from space exploration. Proof that global warming was happening. And isn't it just easier to ignore it all and build a snowman? Space exploration wants to take the fun out of everything. Because space exploration is the worst. Now, space exploration isn't just annoying, it's also very dangerous. And I'm not talking about the fact that in order to send someone into space, we put humans on what is essentially a controlled bomb built by the lowest bidder. Now that's definitely dangerous - had to think about it for a little bit, didn't you? - but I'm talking about something else entirely. I'm talking about the fact that space programs are going to enable technology to advance at an exponential pace. And they're going to do this by bringing something that we have to the entire planet. Now, the "we" I'm referring to is very special. We make up less than half of the world, and we're all very special because we all have this one magical thing. And this magical thing, well, it's pretty cool. It allows us to be more prosperous and educated than those who do not have it. Countries who have it have a higher GDP. People who have it have more friends on Facebook. Many of you have probably used this magical thing many times since I started talking. Now, of course, I'm talking about those of us with access to the internet, a tool that can be used to educate, create and share ideas, and, of course, develop new technology. We have it, they don't. Space exploration wants to ruin that. You see, the way we get internet today is primarily through ground-based applications. By that I mean, physical cables that connect your house and your neighbors' house to our community's network, which is then connected to other communities' networks. And this happens all over the country. And then, there are physical cables that run underneath the ocean that connect our country with other countries. Literally, they have to be shark-proof. And once all this happened, we can all talk to each other over the internet. Well, half of us that is, right? Because this strategy, it works pretty well if you live in a populated area in a rich country, where there's a really wealthy company like Comcast willing to put up the hundreds of millions of dollars that it takes to lay down all this cable. Considering you live in a remote location, in a poor developing country, there's no one that's willing to put up enough money to connect your little home to the rest of the world. Hence, half of the world, not on the internet. This is where space comes in. A company called OneWeb wants to ruin this imbalance using space technology. Since ground-based strategies are an inefficient way of connecting the entire planet, they want to instead beam all that information from space using satellites. See, what they're going to do is launch hundreds of satellites into space, creating the largest satellite constellation that's ever surrounded our planet. And once this constellation is launched, they'll be able to provide high-speed internet access to anyone at any point on earth. A new type of internet, one that connects everyone, even those in the poorest and most remote locations. One that provides, say, healthcare information to everyone, even to those without access to hospitals. One that provides educational materials to everyone, even to those without access to schools. And what will happen then? An unprecedented amount of people will now have access to our magical tool, that they can now use to develop new technologies, that we will all eventually have to adopt and none of us want that, right? Do you remember how hard it was to change from Myspace to Facebook? We don't want something like that, ever happening again. Imagine how fast technologies would progress if the World Wide Web were truly worldwide. A dangerous idea. And one that space technology could make happen. Now space exploration isn't just annoying, it's not just dangerous, it's also pretentious. And if you think about it, it's actually the most egotistical thing humans have ever done. I'm talking about using space exploration to save all of humankind. Like, literally save us from extinction. Specifically the sixth mass extinction. Now, what I find funny is that we often refer to our planet as Mother Earth. Mother Earth, mmm! Like it cares about us or something. But in reality, our planet has a history of killing off the creepy crawly pests that roam across its surface. In fact, over 99% of all species that have ever roamed the earth have gone extinct. Over 99%! Many of them through one of these five major mass extinctions. Now, you may have not heard of the first four; they'd mostly to do with the CO2, carbon dioxide imbalance in the atmosphere that built up over millions and millions of years. That last one though, that's the one that got the dinosaurs, that we think was caused by a huge asteroid impact. Now, there's a dad joke in the space industry that goes, asteroids are nature's way of asking, "Hey, how's that space program coming?" You see, to Earth, and to the universe, we are a pest. And it's just a matter of time before the sixth major mass extinction comes along to terminate Mother Earth's latest infestation. But humans, you see, we're egotistical. We think we're better than the 99% of species that went out gracefully, went out naturally. Because we have NASA and SpaceX developing the largest rockets humans have ever seen to bring us to Mars. Elon Musk, the CEO of SpaceX, wants to bring one million humans to Mars to colonize the Red Planet. I'm so glad you guys get this joke! It's like backing up the human race on a Martian hard drive. So, you see, space exploration is like human's way of saying to all the dead species that came before us, "Hey, we're better than you. We're going to be worth saving." Which is frankly really disrespectful to all the extinct species who were too dumb to come up with a space program. If humans were more humble, we'd gracefully go like the dinosaurs. Now, space exploration is the worst. It's the worst if you hate accurate scientific data about how our planet is changing. It's the worst if you'd like to stifle technology development for those who still live in digital darkness. And it's the worst if you'd prefer to gracefully go like the dinosaurs. Many people question why government agencies and private companies invest billions of dollars each year These are the reasons why. Space exploration and tech is an important tool and sometimes our only tool to address certain short-term and long-term issues. It's the only efficient way to understand how our planet is changing. It's the way we can bring our entire planet into the digital age. And it's our best strategy for ensuring the survival of the human species. So, no, space exploration is not the worst. In fact it's helping to solve some of the greatest challenges humans have ever faced. So, I hope when you all leave here and go outside and look up at the night sky, you realize that the money that's being spent up there is really one of the greatest investments we could ever make in the seven billion of us living down here. Thank you. (Applause) (Cheering)

  Top Comments:
  1. @SS-uc5co [1 likes]: She's the real life elle woods!!
  2. @TungLe-w7r: Such good vibes in this video.
  3. @pegazoriveros9387: You’re really good at this.
  4. @MelissaCarson-l5c: This was relaxing to watch.
  5. @IchTien-n1r: What’s your personal favorite moment?
  6. @IreneMamos: The sound quality is great.
  7. @Bagabarz: This was so much fun to watch.
  8. @FrustratedZel: I love her
  9. @MichaelHriatpuia: I wanna marry this pretty lovely girl !
  10. @brijmohanbairwa-k3e: I didn’t expect that ending!
  11. @SamanthaMcfarland: I’m sending this to everyone I know.
  12. @NicholasRegaan: This deserves way more views.
  13. @HastiNir: I think I’ve watched this three times now.
  14. @Marvadorcy: Impressive.
  15. @GinaVeldas: You win the internet today.
  16. @Vector_Ze: It's July 2025, and this was published almost 9-years ago, but it's still relevant.
I have one little nit-pick.  She talks about the Holocene Extinction as if it is some future threat, even though at the time this was recorded we were already generations inside the lip.  It's accelerating, but it was firmly established at the time.  We're now losing species at a rate up to 1,000 times what you would expect aside from a mass extinction event.
  17. @JaredOwen: 9 years ago but this is still a great video! Thank you Emily
  18. @luckylayet68: Here after i seen her go to space!!  I love her
  19. @JV-cy6gu: Nice speech.
  20. @PMPKWealth: 9 years before maybe her points made sense, but not now as data is crucial, and so is knowledge and sustainability.

- Introducing the Back Row Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Amy Odell. You may know me from writing New York Times bestselling biographies of Anna Winter and Gwennneth Paltro. I'm a journalist and write a newsletter about fashion and culture called Back Row. I cover what's really happening at brands like Gucci, Dior, Versace, and Laurel Piana. I also write about non-luxury stuff, too, like trends and athleisure and why mall brand jeans from 2002 are suddenly hot in vintage stores. I delve into pop culture also, including recaps of shows like Emily and Paris and phenomenons like the Barbie movie. Back row refers to the place where I started my journalism career at New York Magazine, the back row of fashion shows. The people who mattered to the fashion industry meanwhile sat in the front row. Sitting in the back row, if not the standing section, if I'm being honest, was freeing. I was an outsider looking in, able to report and write about what I observed without fear of upsetting the establishment because I wasn't part of the establishment. It's this fearless, honest outsiders viewpoint that I bring to fashion and culture coverage in Back Row today. And it's this kind of coverage that legacy media outlets are often wary to publish, which is why I started the newsletter in 2021. The Back Row podcast is a bit of an experiment. I'll do a mix of shorter episodes that are audio versions of the newsletter and longer episodes of original interviews with my favorite fashion and culture thought leaders. If you're a back row reader on Substack, the podcast will give you a new way to stay upto-date. And if you're discovering Back Row for the first time as a podcast, you can sign up for the newsletter at the link in the show notes to get the Substack version, too. Thanks for listening to and maybe also reading back row with me, Amy

  Top Comments:
  1. @MissTiff_1026: Just found your podcast. Love it.

- Girl Spent All Savings to Save Disabled Man💥Unexpectedly,He Was Her Long-Lost Billionaire Father!女: Kind: captions Language: en Mom Today marks my third year working as a caregiver at the Rehabilitation Hospital I still don’t know how Dad’s leg is doing As long as I’m here, let’s see who dares to harm my family! Get them! How dare you drug me! Attack! Hanshan! Get him! Hanshan Let go of me Dad Dad, please! Stop fighting, I beg you! I’ll go with you No one Honey No! Don't cry, Xiaoyu Run, run faster! Can't even keep an eye on a woman If she escapes I'll throw you all into the sea to feed the sharks Go after her Xiaoyu, hurry, hurry—run! Mom! Xiaoyu! Xiaoyu, keep going, don't look back! Go! I'll stay here Can I meet Dad? Dragon City's richest man Ye Hanshan invested to establish the Ye Family Reunion Foundation to find his daughter, missing for sixteen years So, it turns out Even rich people's kids Can go missing too, huh? Ah! Are you blind or something? Sorry, miss! I'll clean that for you Get lost! You're so filthy, miss This handkerchief of mine is clean Just because you say it's clean doesn't make it clean You crippled fool you couldn't afford this even if you worked your whole life I'm sorry, miss What do you want me to do then? Kneel for me Lick it clean Then I'll forgive you What? Not willing? Lick, lick, lick Are you okay? I I'm fine Thank you Get lost! Attracting Yinuo, really? How many times have I told you? Don't use your status to bully others What's going on? Xiaoyu, your braids are so pretty! Daddy will lift you high! Xiaoyu is super strong! Xizhu Watch your mouth Or you’re dead meat Uncle Nianzhu, she Godfather This person fell Let me help her up Miss, are you okay? Will he be my dad? I-I’m fine, really I’m fine This young lady helped me Thank you so much (If Xiaoyu were still alive,) (she’d probably be this tall by now) The way this girl looks, at first glance, (She reminds me of young Xiaoyu) Xiaoyu Stop crying From now on, I'll protect you Xiao Yu, where are you? Hey, Nianzhu was out of line I'm sorry on her behalf Here's my card If you feel unwell later don't hesitate to contact me No need I'm not delicate (Why does that cripple deserve No Ge’s kindness?) Gu Xiangnuan How about choosing her as your personal nurse instead? So, it’s you guys Xiao Nuan Mr Ye the richest man in Longcheng chose you as his private caregiver 30,000 a month! You're the richest man? What? Don’t I look like it? (Well…) (He’s not my dad) (We were so poor as kids How could Dad be the richest man?) Director, Want to continue working at the hospital If you're not satisfied with the salary, we can discuss it further Young lady working as my caregiver won’t leave you shortchanged No no that's not what I meant You've already given me plenty It's just, I need to stay at the hospital to find my dad Find your dad? What's his name? Where did you get separated? Where did you get separated? I don’t remember As a child, I got really sick It damaged my brain I can’t even remember what Dad looks like No contact info Trying to find someone is like looking for a needle in a haystack It’s too hard Here, let the foundation help I’ll keep an eye out for you Xiaonuan Thank Mr Ye? The Ye Family Search Foundation is helping it’s way better than searching blindly Thank you, Mr Ye Now can I be your caregiver? Yeah From today onward, Gu Xiangnuan is my personal caregiver She’ll only take care of me Same treatment as Nianzhu Wasn't Miss Nianzhu always the one taking care of Mr I heard she became his goddaughter because she looked after him so well Looks like Miss Nianzhu might not be the Ye family’s only daughter for much longer Where did this cripple come from Why does godfather value her highly Nianzhu show Xiaonuan around and familiarize her with the house Yes, godfather Miss Nianzhu Crippled guy, huh? Some nerve hiring yourself as caretaker Thank you for the compliment, Miss Nianzhu Don't act like you don't understand Let me spell it out in this house my word is final Don't you dare Think you can stand on equal ground with me? Or I'll make sure you're completely crippled Yinuo, What have you found out? It's all clear now Gu Xiangnuan adopted 16 years ago by a fishmonger family They back then Found Gu Xiangnuan in fishing village That's right met her fate there Could it be Could she really be my daughter? She's two years older than Xiaoyu—she's not my daughter I just hope before I die It'd be so great to hear Xiaoyu call me "Dad" again Wouldn't it? Uncle, I'm sure it'll happen Your wife's photo frame looks old Get her a new custom one Alright Mr Ye, time for your medicine Okay, Xiaonuan Xiaonuan, are you settling in well at the Ye family? Thank you, Mr Ye, for giving a great job This job? You earned it yourself Besides if I ever get sick I'll be counting on you to save me Don't worry, Mr Ye I'll take care of you just like you're my own father Good, get back to work Hmm I'm the underground boxing champ now isn't Dad awesome Dad's a champ! Yeah! Mr Ye Ah, Mr Ye Mr Ye, you okay? Ah Young Master Yinuo He can't eat Convulsing If eats, will choke! What should we do then? I remember there’s a sedative and syringe in the medical kit Quick go get it Hurry! You're finally awake Uncle, that was really dangerous just now Luckily, Xiaonuan was here Mr Ye, it was nothing—just what I should do I'm going to kick you out of the Ye family Don't even think about stealing Godfather and Yi Nuo away this was a birthday gift from my Godfather It's very special to me How dare you steal it! Miss Nianzhu! I never saw the necklace before How could it be me who stole it? The necklace was found in your room Caught red-handed Still trying to deny it Of all people to offend you chose the demon of the Ye family Godfather despises people who can't keep their hands clean Best case, you're kicked out Worst case, your legs get broken Today, I'll clean house for the Ye family Break your other leg It wasn't me I didn't steal it I'm being framed Let me see Mr Still want to see godfather? He would trust an outsider like you or trust me? Huh? Miss Ye, this was left by my mom I didn’t steal it This is a photo of godmother Cute She’s the long-lost daughter godfather has been searching for I’m begging you! Why should I be the only daughter for Godfather? Still shouting so loud, huh? Hoping Godfather and Yi Nuo will save you? Someone! Seal her mouth for me! Ahhh! Whether it's Godfather or Yi Nuo, they'll always belong to me alone! Miss Nian Zhu! Sir and Young Master Yinuo are back Sir and Young Master Yinuo return Why the panic? Useless thing Gu Xiangnuan, listen to me carefully If you tattletale to Godfather, I'll destroy this necklace of yours, and you'll never find your family again Did you get it? No, Miss Ye! I'll do whatever you say, begging you Don't destroy mom's necklace If you want the necklace, go resign with your godfather Leave the Ye family Stop looking pathetic Quit acting like a victim Xiao Nuan, come here I had a bracelet custom-made for you See if you like it Here Godfather I've taken care of you for ten whole years She's only been here a few days You have eyes for her You don't care about me I want to resign Why so suddenly? Is someone bullying you? if someone is bullying you just say it We'll help you It's because my mom is seriously ill I want to go back and take care of her You said just a couple of days ago, you'd take care of me like you did Dad Fine, I won’t force you to stay Here, give this bracelet to Xiaonuan Yes Think it through one more time I don't deserve your kindness Yinuo Looks like we're not welcome here Let's go to the office Cute one, how did I warn you? How did I warn you? You're just a lame nurse—how do you deserve godfather's favor I'm the godfather's only daughter I didn’t intend to compete with you But You already share a bond thicker than water He's long since treated you like his own daughter Done as asked Now, can I have my mom's necklace back? You want your mom's necklace? Sure Come and get it yourself Mom's necklace I see Yinuo and the godfather are gone Who's left to save you now Uncle-in-law Xiaonuan wants to quit I think there's something fishy about this Wait a minute This is definitely suspicious Go back You cripple! Dreaming of being a rich heiress? In your next life, maybe I can't hold on anymore In my next life I'll find Dad again Stop it! Hurry! Save Xiaonuan! Xiaonuan! Gu Xiangnuan, you're lucky to be alive You're awake Xiaonuan's awake! Good, you're awake This is Xizhu's necklace (Could she be my daughter?) hurry Bring me the necklace from her hand Let me see it's Gu Xiangnuan She stole someone's stuff and I was just using family discipline to teach her a lesson Xiaonuan, let me see the necklace Mr Ye, this necklace is mine I didn’t steal anything I didn’t say you stole anything I just wanted to see your necklace Why doesn’t anyone believe me? Why are you taking mom’s necklace? Watch out! Xiao Nuan! Xiao Nuan, Xiao Nuan! Uncle! It's all blood the necklace looks just like Xizhu's She’s Xiaoyu Take her to the hospital, save her quickly! What on earth is going on? Gu Xiangnuan stole something Evidence is here everyone saw it I saw her sneaking into Miss Nianzhu's room and found Miss Nianzhu’s bracelet there Shut up! Wait until Xiaonuan wakes up I’ll ask her myself I was just using family discipline on her Why can’t I Nian Zhu, you When you were younger, you had a kind heart How did you become so cruel now? Go to the ancestral hall and repent before your godmother Reflect on your actions if you knew the one I mistreated was your own daughter (how would I survive?) (I cannot let you reunite with her) The doctor said Xiao Nuan is out of danger now She'll wake up very soon It's fine as long as she's okay Hurry, give me the necklace in her hand Quick! She's holding it too tight I can't get it out Be gentle Don't hurt her She's gripping it hard It seems this necklace means a lot to her Let’s wait until she wakes up to take a look Look at her She looks exactly like young Xizhu It's like they were carved from the same mold If Xiao Nuan really is Xiao Yu then Auntie can rest in peace She can finally rest peacefully Gentlemen, the patient needs rest Please step out for now Let's go Xiao Nuan, why is it you? You're hurt so badly Zhang Yuwei, right? A nurse at Ruixin Hospital Gu Xiangnuan's best friend Who are you? How do you know this? I don’t just know that I also know you’re obsessed with vanity You’re in over 500 000 in online debt just to buy luxury goods Zhang Yuwei how are you going to pay that off with your 3 to 4K salary So what? Got to do with you? Of course it matters I’m the only one who can save you Save me? That’s right If you help me with one thing, I’ll pay off all your debt What do you need me to do? Steal Gu Xiangnuan’s necklace take her place and become the daughter of the richest man in Longcheng Starting today, you are Ye Zhiyu What did you say? Xiaonuan is Ye Hanshan's daughter? Zhang Yuwei, this incredible fortune is all yours now Xiaonuan misses mom Yuwei, stop messing around This necklace is the only keepsake of my reunion with Dad I can't let it get damaged Alright, here, it's yours Today is your birthday so I bought you one that looks just like it Thank you, Little Nuan Who would've thought the dad you've been looking for all these years turns out to be Longcheng's richest man That's seriously enviable Why does the richest heiress get to be this little cutie and not me Since we’re besties, your dad is practically my dad too Stop! What are you doing? What did you do to Little Nuan? Why'd you send us away? What are you up to? I-I-I… Someone, come here! Let go of me! What are you doing? If I find out you did something to Xiaonuan I won't let you off the hook Hey, let go of me! What's that? Quick, pick it up and show me This is Xizhu Spill it! Where did this come from? What do you want First you lock me up for no reason and now you're taking my stuff too I’m begging you Do whatever you want to me I don’t care But please give it back to me Because it's the only keepsake my mom left me Let her go! Let her go! Xiaoyu, you’re Xiaoyu, right? You must be Xiaoyu My sweet daughter It’s my fault I didn’t ask questions Did I hurt you? This necklace was your mother's keepsake Look, this is a photo of your mom Could it really be that you are Xizhu? Thanks to your spirit in heaven I’ve finally found our daughter Xiaoyu, all these years we've been apart Day and night, I think of you Me too I’ve been looking for you for 16 years It’s been so hard Hold on before you reunite I just saw her acting all sneaky Xiaonuan’s my best friend Checking on her—what’s wrong with that And from your mouth, it turns into “sneaky” Yinuo, big day today Don’t ruin the mood Would I mistake my own daughter? As for Xiao Nuan, It seems it was just a misunderstanding Dad, who is he? You forgot? He's your brother Yi Nuo When you were little, you loved following him around That was so long ago! How could I remember clearly? This is Xiao Nuan's hospital room Shall we step outside? Daddy has a lot to talk to you about Okay It's all too sudden Too much of a coincidence Let's wait until Xiaonuan wakes up and ask her directly (Mom's necklace) It should still be at the Ye family house How did you get hurt this badly? Lie back on the hospital bed Who told you to wake up? Mom, Dad What are you doing here? Xiao Nuan, You've hit the jackpot Hurt at the Ye family’s place and Ye Hanshan My brother wouldn’t let him off without hundreds of grand in compensation No way he'd let it go Dad, Injury has nothing to do with Mr Ye He even saved me Old Gu the kid already said that If you ask me let's just drop it Ah, oh well, okay Do you think you have the right to butt in when I'm handling things If you don’t cooperate today, I’ll beat you and cripple you All of this, will be blamed on Ye Hanshan can’t repay kindness with treachery or cheat Mr Ye out of his money You ungrateful little thing, I raised you for nothing! Hand me a stick I’ll cripple her other leg too Old Gu! Old Gu, stop! Stop Mom, run! Xiaonuan, run! Run! Xiaoyu, we've been apart for so many years You must have suffered a lot Don't worry Dad will double your compensation Nothing else matters Just being by your side makes me happy Xiaoyu, you're such a good girl Yuwei Yu Wei is actually your biological daughter? Xiao Yu is my biological daughter But Yu Wei Gu Xiang Nuan What do you want? You can't stand me being happy, can you? No, no, that's not what I meant! I just Grab her! You must be Ye Hanshan Xiaoyu, hide behind Daddy This time, Daddy will protect you Don’t worry Everyone, judge for yourselves! He’s the famous billionaire, Ye Hanshan! My daughter worked as a caregiver for him for just a few days and ended up seriously injured Tell me should he compensate us Xiao Nuan’s foster father, right? What’s wrong with being a foster father? No matter what she’s my daughter—raised with hardship and care by me A healthy person like her ends up in the hospital due to the Ye family you must give me an explanation! Xiaonuan, are you feeling okay? Mr Ye, I'm really not feeling well My daughter hurt her head Who knows if it'll leave lasting issues you must compensate me five hundred thousand! You're Longcheng's richest man—five hundred grand is nothing to you If you dare not pay we’ll go to the media and expose you thoroughly Mr Ye, I really got hurt at the Ye family So, please Please compensate me Please compensate me Dad, I grew up in a home with cruel foster parents Could she have been forced by her foster parents? She looks so pitiful Should we help her? Xiaoyu, I'm so glad you're still the same as before Innocent and kind, unlike some people Greedy and insatiable Xiaonuan, back then, I saw your kindness That's why I hired you as my caregiver Now that you're hurt ultimately it's because of me I'll compensate you As for the amount Ten million Ye, the richest man So generous Once I get that money from now on if Gu Xiangnuan is in trouble I won’t bother you again Look at this father and daughter They're really greedy Even daring to blackmail the richest man Mr Ye, from now on, I promise to work like a horse, work hard to pay you back But I have one condition Hey, Mr Ye, name your condition It's all up to you Five million, I'll compensate Xiaonuan The remaining five million I want to buy your legs Cousin, he's messing with you! He wants to cripple you! Ye Hanshan, no matter how rich or powerful you are In my eyes you're just a cripple And you want to make me just like you Keep dreaming! No, Xiaonuan! Xiaonuan, Xiaonuan, are you okay? I'm sorry, Xiaonuan You're a good person Just now a good person You shouldn't get hurt Hey, hey, what are you doing? Xiaonuan, are you alright? Move again And I'll ruin your hand why don't you save your dad After all we're still family You little ** What are you waiting for? I raised you even if you have to kneel and sell yourself you better save me If I end up crippled— You and your mom— I'll cripple you both too You raised me?! How did you raise me? Made me work at a construction site to earn money even faked my age All the money I worked so hard for, you gambled it all away! Could she really be (my daughter?) (So Little Nuan's age was deliberately altered) (Then she could still be Xiao Yu) How could someone as heartless as you exist in this world? What kind of father are you? Little Nuan! This man doesn’t deserve to be your father You’ve been wronged If you don't mind staying with the Ye family, you can stay forever Mom, he only knows how to hurt you He doesn’t deserve to be your husband, and he doesn’t deserve to be my father Let’s cut ties with him Xiao Nuan, your dad's temperament means he’ll retaliate Gu Xiangnuan, are you trying to rebel? Mr Ye, can I use the money you gave me? Of course I keep my word Gu Fan, listen carefully This 10 million is payment for raising me for 16 years From now on I’m cutting off our father-daughter relationship Take it away Don't mess up the hospital You're ungrateful! You're biting the hand that feeds you! I won't let you get away easily Your mother— If she has nowhere to stay, she's welcome at the Ye family Work together, work together Master Nuo You don't have to do this Just lie still The doctor said you need plenty of rest But you don’t have to act like this By the way, you and Zhang Yuwei are you close? We grew up together best friends since we were kids Why are you asking No, Xiaonuan, Xiaonuan, Xiaonuan! I can’t shake the feeling that today’s whole "reunion with dad" scene That's odd By the way, do you know Zhang Yuwei's parents' address? Are you planning to investigate Zhang Yuwei? Isn't that a bit inappropriate? This is really important to me I need to investigate this What if you get it wrong? You're right How about this, I'll go with you tomorrow No way, you need to get some proper rest! I'm not that fragile I've been neighbors with Uncle Zhang and Aunt Zhang for over a decade It'll be better if I handle this You're really considerate If only I had a sister like you That would be amazing What's going on here? Uncle Zhang, Aunt Zhang This is Young Master Yinuo He's here to ask you something Let me ask you something and I need an honest answer Is Zhang Yuwei adopted by you Or is she your biological child? I’ll be recording everything we say here today I can bring in the country’s top legal team at any time I suggest you think carefully before you answer This is all Yuwei’s idea She never discusses before doing it Don’t say anything reckless, Lao Zhang Our family has always been clean and straightforward We’ve never done anything shady I've never done such a despicable thing he's the richest man in Longcheng Explain everything clearly Last night Yuwei called us and asked us to Why are you all at my house? Yi Nuo, brother! You suspect me? Gu Xiangnuan, you're joining the fuss too? No, Yuwei! Let me explain! What's there to explain? If you’ve done nothing wrong, why are you so scared of us investigating? Why so guilty? When have I felt guilty? Yu Wei, things have come this far You should just tell them come clean with them The Ye family— we really can’t afford to cross them They even said they’re getting a lawyer involved Yu Wei Never heard of it Were you adopted here? Are you and Mr Ye confused? Stop pretending here You're so disgusting Now that I’m about to become the daughter of a billionaire and live the high life, are you feeling jealous? Is that why you're sabotaging me? No, no, you’ve misunderstood me! (The Rain Wei now) (Why do you seem like a stranger?) Zhang Yuwei, is it true that you were adopted? I'll look into it What's there to investigate? This is the evidence Remember Make sure nothing goes wrong What else is there to say? (So Yu Wei) was really adopted I misunderstood you Let's go Wait! Not even an apology and you want to leave? I'm sorry I made a mistake The apology feels insincere Ruan Yinuo you're always targeting me It makes me wonder if you're doing this for some ulterior motive, Yuwei Young Master Yinuo just wants to get to the truth He’s not targeting you Shut up It’s not your place to speak here Got it You don’t want Dad to find me That way you can use your position as his nephew To inherit the Ye family fortune The Ruan family in Kyoto is worth billions The Ye family’s money? It’s really not worth my attention I stayed here for one reason only To find my sister Let’s go Today’s a big day for the Ye family! For us father and daughter Finally, we’re reunited Your real name is Ye Zhiyu Starting from today, you are the new head of the Ye family Everyone here will listen to her That includes even your dad—he’ll listen to you Congrats to my godfather for finding his real daughter Welcome home Miss Yu Wei Ye Zhiyu… that name sounds so familiar Now I have a dad who cares about me too, Xiaoyu In a few days, it’ll be your mom’s death anniversary Finally, I'm not alone this year Mom must be relieved in heaven It feels so good to have dad Bless me from above Help me find dad soon This year, the memorial day for her has to be grand Everyone present must attend (Oh no) (If Gu Xiangnuan sees the photo during the ceremony) (the truth might come out) (Gu Xiangnuan absolutely can't attend the memorial) Living as a rich heiress Feels so relaxing This bed is bigger than my whole bedroom at home Zhang Yu Wei You need to remember everything you have now is because of me If you want to keep your position You have to do everything I say Will listen to you completely, Sister Nianzhu They came to my house for evidence today but thankfully you had everything under control We're all in this together now We need to handle everything flawlessly So Sister Nianzhu what should we do about Gu Xiangnuan next That woman, Gu Xiangnuan Our top priority is to get rid of her If she sees pictures of Ruan Xizhu tomorrow, your cover will be blown Who? Zhu Zhu, your cup You heard it all She probably didn’t hear it Otherwise that idiot would’ve run off to rat me out by now Gather everything about Xiaoyu’s preferences and hand it to me Xiao Nuan, found my biological father Happy for me? Of course, I’m happy for you Then why did you have Yinuo investigate me? I was worried Xiao Nuan, please Don’t be jealous, okay? Please I’m not jealous Ugh! Xiaoyu, are you okay? Gu Xiangnuan, how dare you push Xiaoyu down the stairs! Xiaoyu, Xiaoyu, are you okay? Gu Xiangnuan! How dare you push Xiaoyu down the stairs! Dad, Xiaonuan didn’t mean it, please forgive her She pushed you down the stairs and you’re still defending her Quick, call Dr Li! Got it! Yu Wei, are you okay? I didn't push you Mr Ye, please help Yu Wei! I know you want to find Dad too but I just reunited with him don't hurt me Don't tear us apart If anything happens to my daughter you'll pay for it with your life It really wasn't me Yu Wei and I are best friends how could I hurt her Xiao Yu! What happened? You got back Who hurt you? Nian Zhu Gu Xiang Nuan pushed Yu Wei down the stairs Ye and others saw it Mr Ye, trust me! I didn't push Yuwei You're such a cunning woman Your kindness is all fake Dr Li is here Dr Li, hurry! Mr Ye, I'll treat Miss Yuwei Help her back to her room Be careful Nianzhu, teach her a lesson for Yuwei Why won't you believe me? This time, Godfather told me to teach you a lesson myself Let’s see how you bounce back now! This time Godfather told me to teach you a lesson myself Let’s see how you bounce back now Miss Nianzhu, Jewelry went missing in the villa, found in Hehua's room You heartless mother and daughter Take them to the backyard no way My mom wouldn't steal You must be mistaken No way A murderer A thief Dare to mess with the Ye family? You must have a death wish Miss Nianzhu, we really didn’t steal anything! Godfather saw it with his own eyes And he told me to teach you a lesson It's all my fault I failed to protect you I beg you, please spare my daughter! Gu Xiangnuan, since you refuse to admit your mistake I'll start with your mom He Hua, You're quite fond of stealing, aren't you? This necklace here is worth hundreds of thousands Pick it up, and I'll let your daughter off the hook I'll pick it up, I'll return it to you right away I'll pick it up You're too slow, ma'am I'll pick it up, I'll pick it up Pick up the necklace to save Xiaonuan, Madam How can you be worse than a *? your mom is like a * and you still won't confess Wow, what a "filial" child you are Didn't steal anything! I'm begging you please let me go I'll do anything you want I swear What I hate most is that seductive foxy look of yours Isn't stealing what you love Let me see how much is hidden inside Guys! Strip the clothes off! No, no! Spare my daughter! Let me go! Dad, where are you? I can't hold on anymore! It's my fault, I'm sorry I didn't take good care of you Stop! Don't touch my daughter! I didn't steal anything! Xiao Nuan, are you okay? Ye Nianzhu, what are you doing? Brother Nuo it was her She pushed Xiaoyu Godfather told me to teach her a lesson Young Master Yi Nuo we didn’t steal or kill anyone I beg you check the surveillance footage Give us mother and daughter our innocence back No matter the truth I won't let anyone bully them Check the surveillance Yes, young master Gu Xiangnuan, repeatedly you scheme with bad intentions Even stealing things And after all the kindness godfather showed you you're outrageous I stole all those jewels myself I'll go to jail I'm begging you, please spare my daughter Please let my daughter go How could you betray Godfather's trust? You really let him down It wasn't me! Dad! Xiaoyu, what's wrong? Da Zhuang bullied me! They bullied you? Dad’ll handle it Shall we hit them? But we can't hit them Be good, Xiaoyu Adults can't hit kids Remember, Xiaoyu Daddy's a boxing champion Anyone who bullies Xiaoyu is a big baddie! Remember, Daddy is a champion! Is it true what they said? We didn’t steal anything Please, believe me I really didn’t steal anything My dad is a champion boxer What did you say? Your dad’s a champion boxer? What did you say Your dad’s a champion boxer You can’t bully Xiao Yu! The champion boxer fights bad guys! The champion boxer fights bad guys! The Champ, taking down the bad guys You're my Xiaoyu You're Daddy's little girl Damn cripple Could she have been triggered and remembered something about you being the Champ Everyone in the Ye family knows She’s been in your study And even saw your photos The surveillance shows their movements were only in the kitchen and the servant quarters They had no chance to get near any valuables Looks like someone’s trying to frame them may be broken but my mind is clear Who are you people How dare you stir up trouble right under my nose? Uncle, I'll get to the bottom of this myself But Godfather, she did push Xiaoyu after all You can’t let her get away with this! Xiaonuan, this time, let it be your apology to Xiaoyu But if it happens again, I won’t spare you Damn it That woman escaped again What now? Godmother's memorial day is coming up Look at this Mom, you're really talented This, huh? It's a tradition in our fishing village—sending the living's thoughts to the departed Mom, I'll take it to Young Master Yinuo to honor the lady Sure, go ahead I'm off then Why are you always so clumsy? Thank you, Young Master Yinuo Stop picking them up! The floor is dirty there’s another plate Aunt Hehua your pastries are even more delicate than the ones outside Young Master Yinuo, you flatter me! This was Auntie's favorite treat when she was alive Xiaonuan, place this in the ancestral hall Oh no! There’s a photo of Godmother in the ancestral hall Yi Nuo brother Nuo Godfather said strangers can't enter the ancestral hall Xiao Nuan knows everything about us Doesn't really count as a stranger If anything happens, I'll handle it You go ahead Clean up the ancestral hall Gu Xiangnuan, you're dead for sure today Ye and his wife must've had a great relationship He still holds such grand memorials for her every year Ruan Xizhu So that's the wife's name—Ruan Xizhu First time seeing this name Why does it feel so familiar? That was close She almost saw me What's there to be scared of? She's going to meet her dead mom soon anyway Aren't we going too far? Zhang Yuwei, we're in this together There's no turning back True Only when Gu Xiangnuan is gone can I keep being the rich heiress Zhang Yuwei, remember this Everything you have is because of me I'll follow your lead from now on Gu Xiangnuan, don't be this stupid in your next life Help! Help! Somebody help! Save my daughter! Young Master Yinuo, save Xiaonuan! Trapped in the fire! Xiaonuan is in there? Hurry, Xiaonuan! Xiaonuan, wake up! Come on, Xiaonuan! Young Master Yinuo, leave! It's dangerous! Xiaonuan, I’m getting you out of here today, no matter what! Young Master Yinuo! You Wake up, Young Master Yinuo Wake up Someone Doctor Please save Young Master Yinuo, hurry! (Sixteen years) (Longcheng changed beyond recognition) Ye Hanshan, once a poor nobody, is now the richest man in Longcheng Sister's daughter I heard she's been found Welcome Mrs Ruan Where's Yinuo I came all this way and he can't greet me That kid's getting out of line Brother Nuo He got into trouble again? Critical condition unconscious in hospital What Take me there now Madam, I'll explain everything on the way You're a troublemaker If it weren't for you my son wouldn't be here fighting for his life You— You're Young Master Yinuo's mother? Sorry, Madam My fault Young Master Yinuo ended up this way Hit or scold me, I won't complain As long as— It makes you feel a bit better Don't think that your fake apologies will make me forgive you Let me tell you if anything happens to my son— Even ten lives won’t be enough for you to make up for it Since this woman came to the Ye family she's been scheming to get close to Yinuo Who knows what she's up to She does have some looks No wonder Yinuo rushed into the fire for you You're a lowly servant, seducing my son? Do you deserve it? Madam I didn't do anything! Still dare to deny it? just you wait When Ye Hanshan gets here let's see how he deals with you Ye Hanshan! When are you coming over? Hanshan, hold Xiaoyu in your arms That's it Xiaoyu, look at the camera Cheese! Mom, did I do a good job dancing? Our Xiaoyu is amazing! Xiaoyu, quick! Walk forward, don't look back! What did you just call me? (Oh no, did she figure something out?) Get your filthy hands off the lady's hand! You grew up without a mom, but you can't call anyone that Out of your mind? She's not your mom! Mom's already gone But why does she look so much like Mom? so you finally decided to show up Is this how you as an uncle take care of your nephew What on earth is going on here? How did Yinuo end up getting hurt like this? How dare you ask me? It's all because of your servant! Gu Xiangnuan, what on earth happened? What's the point of talking about this now? If anything happens to my son I'll never acknowledge you as my brother-in-law The Ruan family and Ye family— —we're done (She's Mr) (Ye’s wife’s sister) (but why does she look so much like my mom) (Could it be) Xiaoshuang, don't panic Yinuo will be fine Who's the family of Ruan Yinuo? Doctor, how's my son doing? The patient's condition is severe It's not just external injuries there are multiple complications Doctor, please save my son I'll pay whatever it takes It's not about the money The patient urgently needs a blood transfusion but he has a very rare RH-negative blood type This blood type is also called "Panda Blood " There's none available in Longcheng's blood bank Transfer blood from another city bank? I'm afraid there's not enough time for that He has six hours left Six hours What should we do? Xiaoshuang Even if I have to search all of Longcheng I’ll find this blood type Take mine this isn’t a joke Matching blood type is crucial I had a check-up at school before I’m RH-negative Then come with me Let’s do a test first you need to be prepared The patient needs at least 800ml of blood Then take 1,000ml It might put you in danger Don't care Young Master Yinuo did this to save me As long as I can save him, I'll do anything I'm not worthy of your kindness How is he? Test results show he's out of danger He needs rest and timely medication You're basically fine now That's great You've lost blood Let me help you rest I'll take credit for this idiot's work Young Master Yinuo, I'm relieved you're safe Now I can be at ease Xiaoyu, Had a tough time They took blood Does it hurt? As long as we can save Yinuo this sacrifice is nothing Thank you for your effort Xiaoyu, you’re such a good kid Come, let Auntie take a look at you Auntie you look so much like my mom Seeing you gives me this indescribable sense of closeness Silly child your mom and I are twin sisters of course we look alike You lost your mother when you were little Auntie will be like your mom I’ll give you the very best of everything in this world Thank you, Auntie Son You’re awake What are you all doing here? Don’t ruin yourself over some shady woman Never do something this foolish again You hear me? Don’t say that Where’s Xiaonuan? How is she? You're worried about her She's long gone Without Xiaoyu donating blood you wouldn't have made it But I clearly remember it was Xiaonuan who gave me blood (Did he see everything last night?) What nonsense? Xiaoyu gave you blood and stayed all night! I remember now when Xiaoyu had a health checkup as a child I recall she has a very rare blood type So, Yinuo— The only one here who could save you— Is Xiaoyu why do you always have something against me (Did I misjudge Zhang Yuwei? Could she really be Xiaoyu?) What are you rambling about? I was the one who donated blood to Young Master Yinuo last night How did it turn into you (Oh no, why is that cripple here?) What’s going on? Explain! Enough! Crazy woman! How long will you mess around? Get out! Madam! Let me explain Last night, it was really It was Xiao Yu who gave Yinuo blood but you took the credit I've never seen anyone as shameless as you Why? Why doesn't anyone believe me? Mom, call the doctor That will clear everything up Call the doctor to prove Xiao Yu’s innocence Dad, wouldn't this be bothering them too much? Zhang Yuwei, Zhang Yuwei What are you feeling guilty about? What about? Why feel guilty? Nianzhu, call the doctor It's godfather Doctor, you're here! My innocence can be proven Tell them who was the one that gave blood to Young Master Yinuo last night The person who donated blood to the patient was This lady Here's 500,000 Do me a little favor Zhang Yuwei is an idiot I always clean up her mess You're lying Why are you lying? Why lie? I clearly— That's enough, Gu Xiangnuan Haven't you caused enough trouble? It was me Why don't any of you believe me? Don't cry, Xiaonuan I believe you It's really me You're finally awake! You scared me to death! H-How long was I asleep? A whole day and night Tell me, what exactly happened? Let's not talk about that for now Where are they? They went up the mountain early this morning to visit Madam's grave May I ask, who are you? You troublemaker! I need to visit Madam’s grave too Seeing her photo is the only way to confirm my suspicion I brought Little Yu to see you Little Yu came to see you I hope your spirit in heaven will bless me and Dad And also keep Auntie and Brother Yinuo safe and healthy why is this cripple always haunting me She must not see the photo on the tombstone I'm a maid of the Ye family Ye treated me well so I came to pay my respects to his wife Is that a problem Who allowed you to honor my mother? Got permission? What are you so guilty about The more you stop me the more curious I get I'm figuring this out today Xiaoyu, go save my daughter! Look at what you've done It wasn't me, Mr Ye! She fell on her own We all saw it And you still want to deny it? Dad, stop her! Don't let her bother Mom Xiao Nuan, don't be impulsive Mr Ye, I'm begging you Just let me see her Please, Mr Ye, just one look Why do you want to see Xizhu Give me a valid reason If you can convince me I'll let you go You've lost your mind Why waste words on this lying woman? Mom wouldn't want to see someone who keeps hurting her daughter take her away Take her out of here I'm sorry, it's my fault You got hurt again because of me rest well for the next few days I'll personally take care of you Sir a couple claims to be Gu Xiangnuan's biological parents They're here to take their daughter back Let's go check it out Gu Xiangnuan's biological parents This was your arrangement That Gu Xiangnuan woman, we should hurry and kick her out If we don't, I think Going to figure us out soon Sister Nianzhu always thinks ahead How about we go watch the fun They're Gu Xiangnuan's biological parents here to reunite with her Girl Mom has been searching so hard for you Who are you people? Honey, it's been over ten years since we lost touch with her Don't scare her Sweetheart, we're your birth parents You're our long-lost daughter What are you talking about? I don't understand My mom passed away a long time ago My dad is disabled You two are perfectly fine standing here—how could you possibly be my parents Real parents showed up Don’t tell me you’re still dreaming dad’s a billionaire Come home with us The moment you see the fishing village where you grew up it’ll all come back to you Wait Say it You’re claiming to be Xiaonuan’s biological parents Do you have any proof He's not my dad My dad is disabled A group crippled his legs Back then I was the one who got crippled in an underground fight club Don't rush Take your time Fragments of my childhood memories They pop up every now and then But they're blurry It's all my fault I shouldn't have taken you fishing at sea You fell into the ocean Exposed to something dirty got a high fever amnesia couldn’t recognize your own parents Not at all yes you had a high fever back then It messed with your brain You even called the celebrities on TV mom and dad We all thought you were possessed after falling into the sea so we took you around seeking help but somehow we got separated This isn’t what you told me before Ye Hanshan, Gu Xiangnuan is lying through her teeth Everyone in Longcheng knows you’ve been searching for your long-lost daughter She approached you from the start with a plan in mind I've worn my mom's necklace and grown up looking at her photos since I was a kid You've seen my mom's photo and you even searched online for her My mom's not some kind of TV star What are you doing? (Finally) (the missing detail clicks—necklace) (photo) (Xiao Nuan might actually be the real Xiao Yu) ever since you joined the Ye family you've either pushed me down the stairs or off the hill I really don't know if you're still the Gu Xiang Nuan I used to know Since your biological parents are here to take you back can't you just go with them if you stay here— I really don't know what other despicable things you might do Even if I burned my brain as a kid, and lost my memory, I'm sure of one thing You're not my parents Xiaoyu, don't cry See Dad soon Hurry, run! Xiaoyu, quick! Don't look back! Dad knows you chase wealth and status I don’t blame you But you can’t just deny us as your parents Yeah, exactly! Sweetie, we are your biological parents! Dad just happened to be in the village and arranged a marriage for you You won't have to work as a maid anymore Just go home and take care of your husband, that's all Your real plan is to trick me out of the Ye family— And sell me off These are your biological parents And for someone like you—disabled and uneducated—getting married isn't such a bad thing is it Xiaonuan, talking like that— You'll hurt your parents' feelings Clinging to the Ye family People might think there's a hidden agenda A secret you don't want anyone to know I know you envy the rich but but this place isn't for you Come on let's go home Wait! As long as I'm here you're not forcing Xiao Nuan to do anything (They came prepared) (I can't even defend myself) (If I leave the Ye family) (finding my dad) (will become even slimmer) (I can’t leave) these two people are strangers They’re not my real parents at all I beg you, please don’t kick me out of the Ye family Don't worry, no one here is going to kick you out No one will force you As for these two— Anyone can tell they’re scammers Throw them out of the Ye family! we really are your biological parents sweetheart Girl, get up! you really are like a disgusting leech Seems like I’ll have to think of another way— To get you completely out of the Ye family a guy outside says he’s from your foster dad and here for you He said something big happened at home Why is he here again? Did something happen to He Hua's mom? please save me! Stop struggling, it's useless No one can save you Godfather, Yuwei is missing! What? What happened? I don’t know either Kept shouting for help on the phone Probably not looking good Xiaoyu’s phone has GPS Go check it now Stay still! You better behave! Move again and I’ll kill you! Let’s see if anyone comes to save you now! Where’d this idiot come from? Dared to block my car?! Don’t move! Move again and I’ll take you out! Yuwei! Big bro, I'm just the driver I don't know anything! Xiaoyu, I'm so glad you're okay Aunt, Dad I thought I'd never see you again Gu Xiangnuan is like an unkillable cockroach We must come up with a perfect plan to kick her out of the Ye family It's simple Let Ye Hanshan see with his own eyes his precious daughter being "kidnapped" by Gu Xiangnuan Tell Dad quickly, what happened? Gu Xiangnuan said my adoptive mother was hit by a car and told me to come home But as soon as I got here she and Gu Fan tied me up and said they were going to sell me to some old bachelor What? That vicious woman kidnapped Xiaoyu! Outrageous! If you dare touch my daughter I’ll make sure you wish you were dead As soon as I got here, And they said they were going to sell me to some old bachelor Kidnapping my daughter? I'll make her wish she were dead That wicked woman dared to kidnap Xiaoyu? Unbelievable! Godfather is Gu Xiangnuan Didn't she plan to sell Xiaoyu Let this wicked woman face her own karma Move Is there some kind of misunderstanding here I know you're protecting her but this is different She tried to harm Xiaoyu Dad, let's go I don't want to stay Let Brother Yinuo stay with me You punk when your life was on the line Xiaoyu risked her life to save you She's startled And you're not even willing to keep her company? Take care of yourself first A wild brat with no manners daring to kidnap Yuwei I'll teach you a lesson on behalf of your mother No, it wasn’t me! I didn’t do it! We all saw it Yuwei was in your car and you're still denying it I’m the driver! Don’t know anything! Yuwei’s fine Drive! Where are you taking her? Drop her off where they said Let me go! Let me go! Stay still, lady I don’t know him! Just wait to be tortured by that old bachelor! Didn't expect such a pretty little cripple Hey! You wretched woman, trying to kill your own husband? Xiaonuan, where are you? Woman, your dad's right here Is anyone there? Doctor, doctor! Xiao Nuan, hold on! Stay with me, Xiao Nuan! You must hold on, Xiao Nuan! When we met, I said I'm Ruan Yinuo I'm your brother What's a brother? Big brother is here to protect you You have to hold on, brother Protect Xiao Yu you're just so pitiful I can't believe you won't die Hey, she can't die just yet I still need her to put on a show Make Gu Xiangnuan and Ye Hanshan enemies If I inject this, she'll be both crippled and mute The mute won't defend themselves So it was you who stole my mom's necklace! I not only stole your mom's necklace but even your biological father treasured me more than anything He even sold you to an old bachelor for me So it was all your doing! Gu Xiang Nuan if you want to blame someone blame yourself You couldn’t even recognize your own father standing right in front of you Give me back my dad! Gu Xiangnuan, are you crazy? Uncle, the report is out The doctor said You have a chance to walk again Gu Xiangnuan, Gu Xiangnuan, don't kill me! Don't kill me! Xiaoyu, run! Gu Xiangnuan, Gu Xiangnuan, don't kill me! Don't kill me! Xiaonuan, calm down Gu Xiangnuan, she It's okay I won't let her hurt you again I’m your real daughter Nian Zhu, kick Gu Xiangnuan out of the Ye family Never hire her again Zhang Yuwei is a fraud I’m your real daughter! Young Master Yi Nuo, help me! What happened to your voice? I'm Xiaoyu You're Xiaoyu? Looks like my instincts were right all along You're the real Xiaoyu But Uncle is completely fooled by Zhang Yuwei right now We need solid evidence to expose her A paternity test It seems that paternity testing is the most direct method now Since that's the case let's take Yuwei and her uncle and make them together Why are you in such a panic? Young Master Nuo, I'm sorry, I'll clean it up right away Young Master Nuo Dr Li Mr Ye did not find Is she my biological daughter? Why is a paternity test necessary? A paternity test is more convincing than anything else Dr Li Keep this a secret Tell no one Don't worry, you can trust me Mr Ruan, here’s your custom Porsche Here are the keys Your birthday is coming up This is my gift to you You’re my dearest treasure I want to give you the best Check out your new car Sure! This car is amazing! Haven't seen you in a few days, and you're already driving a luxury car? If it weren’t for your dad asking for an outrageous dowry we’d be married by now You don’t have a house or money—why marry you? It's over, Wang Yiming Stop clinging to me Or I’ll report you for harassment you’ve got guts daring to scam someone like Ye Hanshan Zhang Yuwei, give me a million Or I'll go to the Ye family expose you and ruin your "rich heiress" dream Back when you donated blood to your dad, this lab report I'll transfer you 100K every month If you want the money shut your filthy mouth oh Zhang Yuwei With this leverage you're my personal ATM from now on You're that Ruan family heir, aren't you? I saw you in the newspapers Now that you know who I am Then spill it What's the deal with Zhang Yuwei? If you tell even one lie You'll rot in prison I just found out Zhang Yuwei's not a billionaire's daughter I was never involved Talk! What really happened? When I was dating Zhang Yuwei She donated blood to her dad, and they ran some tests Turns out Zhang Yuwei’s blood isn’t even RH negative Not the real Xiaoyu With this solid proof, I can expose Zhang Yuwei's true colors in advance Listen, you didn't see me today, got it? Got it, got it Xiaonuan, I've figured it out Zhang Yuwei is an impostor When the report's out, everything will be clear But he never believed me Not even once Uncle was just temporarily misled Come back to the Ye family with me Reunite with him, okay? Can I really reunite with Dad? please give Dad one more chance Just today It's my daughter Xiaoyu's birthday On this special day I have an even bigger announcement to make Xiaoyu will be the sole heir to the Ye Corporation Congratulations, Miss Xiaoyu! Happy birthday, Xiaoyu! this necklace is way too extravagant! Our Xiaoyu deserves the very best Happy birthday to our little Yu, the Flower Fairy Princess Little Yu is the Flower Fairy! So cool, so cool Happy birthday to you Happy birthday Gu Xiangnuan, who let you in? I did What, got a problem with that? Brother Yinuo Why did you bring this horrible woman home Hasn't she messed me up enough Someone, kick her out! Get out! Why are you so silent? this is the birthday party you prepared so carefully for me I can’t let Gu Xiangnuan ruin it Losing your voice is fine Being crippled is whatever This is the consequence of your evil intentions towards Xiaoyu It’s your own doing Dad, I am Xiaoyu I am your real daughter! this woman you’ve been protecting all along isn’t even your biological daughter Zhang Yuwei's report from five years ago When she donated blood to her father— It’s her blood test report It's clear they're father and daughter Godfather, we've doubted Xiaoyu so many times We can't let her feel disheartened again Just one report alone It's not convincing enough The necklace left by Xizhu That's the real proof So Xiaonuan means Zhang Yuwei stole her necklace and even framed him I forgave you every time you harmed me Why are you slandering me now Yinuo brother! Gu Xiangnuan accused me of poisoning and stealing Any proof Exactly Xiaoyu is family to us Don't let this woman fool you Zhang Yuwei, you're really stubborn, aren't you? Bring them in Do you recognize this person? I know her the foster mother who raised me for over a decade Then you must know Fraud can land you in prison too, right? Yuwei, I don’t want to go to jail! Mr Ye, Yuwei is my biological daughter! We were just blinded by greed and pretended to be the rich heiress Please show us mercy Spare me and Yuwei, please Mom, are you saying this because someone threatened you? I’m just an old woman I can’t handle threats I don’t want to end up in jail you raised me all these years I won’t let you go to jail Xiaoyu, what are you doing? she’s the foster mother who raised me for over ten years She worked tirelessly to bring me up Now she’s being threatened and someone’s trying to drive a wedge between us Look What are you trying to do? I got a paternity test done for you, Zhang Yuwei, and Gu Xiangnuan To find out who's really your daughter See for yourself You'll know the truth Ruan Yinuo, why are you always against me? Dad, do you not believe me either? Zhang Yuwei has solid evidence Are you still going to deny it Gu Xiangnuan is the real Xiaoyu She’s your biological daughter I finally found my dad My daughter From beginning to end, there's only one That's Xiaoyu Get up quickly Didn't Mr Ye find his biological daughter? Why does he need a paternity test? A paternity test is more convincing than anything, Dr Li Please keep this matter confidential Don't tell anyone Alright, don't worry Miss Yuwei, I heard your son owes a lot of gambling debt Switch the paternity test results for me and I'll pay it off for you How is that possible? I double-checked it You gave me this report Don’t tell me there's a problem with it too Zhang Yuwei, I underestimated you This paternity report You must have switched it You definitely switched it How longer will you act like this? Xiaoyu, Dad's fault I shouldn’t have doubted you Please forgive me, okay? You and Yinuo both doubt me Should I leave this place? since Ye family can't accept you Return to the Ruan family with aunt No one there would dare treat you like this I really don't know what kind of spell that cripple put on Yinuo It's like you're trying to tear our Ye family apart! Gu Xiangnuan, you just want to be my daughter, don't you? What will it take for you to believe that I'm your daughter? Apologize to Xiaoyu Now! If you can't say anything, then bow three times! No, I won't! Do as Xiaoyu said I was wrong My dad He's not the one who loves me the most He's the one who hurt me the most Get out Does it hurt? Silly girl, how did you end up like this? Tell me, who did this to you? Mom, I'm fine Don't worry about me Come with me That bastard Gu Fan wants to sell you to a sixty-year-old man I won't allow it I've accepted my fate Little Nuan, don’t! don’t even think that As long as I’m here I promise to protect you Run! You rotten woman! Try running, and I’ll break your legs! Hurry! Run! Rotten woman! Try running! I’ll break your legs! Little Nuan, get up! Little Nuan run I won’t let this bastard drag you into hell Quick, Yu’er, run! Stop pretending to care about me in front of me! The Ye family paid a fortune to take your life Let’s see where you can run this time You must stay strong Stay alive Ye Hanshan, You killed my mom, He Hua You’re unfit to be my father I hate you Are you in there, Yinuo? Uncle, wait a second Almost done Where's my medicine? Why is there another paternity test? If Gu Xiangnuan is my daughter Then what about Zhang Yuwei? Zhang Yuwei bribed Dr Li She swapped the previous paternity test report She's your biological daughter That's impossible! Then, what kind of father have I been? What have I done? If anyone dares to hurt my daughter I'll make them wish they were never born Being crippled too This is the karma for having evil intentions toward Xiaoyu You dreaming of becoming my daughter? Ridiculous Do as Xiaoyu says Hurry Go find my daughter! Find Xiao Nuan Quick, is anyone here? Somebody, come quick! Get the car ready, now! You really just won't go away, huh? Uncle, you're awake! You mean Xiao Nuan Will she forgive me? Don't worry, I'll definitely find Xiao Nuan I'll reunite you two he already knows the truth Come back with me and meet him I won't meet him Haven't you always been looking for your dad? Now you've found him Why don't you want to meet him? All these injuries, I owe them to him How do you expect me to forgive him? Your uncle, for the sake of his wife and daughter, lost both his legs He built from scratch as a disabled man and became Dragon City's richest He’s survived countless brushes with death, driven solely by the hope of reuniting with his wife and daughter When your aunt passed away, he almost took his own life on the spot He did it all just to find you Just decided to keep living I know Because of Zhang Yuwei There's been a big misunderstanding between you two You resent him You hate him But now the truth is out Can you give him a chance to make things right? Does he trust me now? As long as you're willing to go back with me, he’ll believe every word you say Every single word Since Zhang Yuwei stole Mom’s necklace, everything he’s done has been about driving me out of the Ye family Zhang Yuwei’s the bad one You should kick her out As for me, I’m not going back Your dad can't lose you too Uncle had a stroke What happened to Mr Ye? Your voice My voice Zhang Yuwei poisoned it After the poison was cured it returned I don't want to have any ties with the Ye family So you pretended to be mute? Mr Ye had a stroke Don't worry, he's been treated Mr Ye has always been in good health How could he suddenly have a stroke? I can go back with you But you have to agree to one condition As long as you come back with me, I'll agree to anything Hide identity Once he's safe, I'll leave again Uncle, focus on getting better Everything will be fine I know you're eager to see Xiaonuan how did you suddenly end up like this? What am I supposed to do now? You two are so close I'm just the extra person here as long as you're alive you're my biggest obstacle to inheriting Ye Corporation That nurse, come over later and take this medical waste downstairs Stop right there I said, stop! It really is you What are you doing here? So, turns out you’re Dad’s caregiver? You saw everything? I almost forgot—you’re mute Even if you saw something what then Who would believe a mute anyway? how dare you show up in front of Ye Hanshan Now that you’re in my hands don’t think you’ll leave unscathed We need to find a doctor At any cost Why Gu Xiangnuan here? I asked her to come She's a caregiver for Uncle But you— What did you do to Xiaonuan? I was just worried about Dad's condition so I talked to her a bit Since you brought her here— I feel relieved now Zhang Zhang Yuwei changed Mr Ye's dressing What? That imposter! We haven’t confronted yet And now she dares make a move on Uncle? Maybe it’s not just her I’ll investigate thoroughly Whoever’s behind this I’ll expose them Ye Hanshan knows the truth If Godfather wakes up, all our efforts will be in vain Damn it! We can't let Gu Xiangnuan cut off our income Then let Ruan Yanshuang, Gu Xiangnuan's aunt, personally kick her out of Longcheng Look who I’ve brought for you! I'm sorry, I really can't forgive you you shouldn't get too emotional right now The medicine Zhang Yuwei swapped—analyzing ingredients will reveal the cause of Mr Ye's stroke And treat it accordingly Get him better soon Okay, I'll take this for testing once we find the truth we'll expose Zhang Yuwei's true colors together Prove you're innocent Then you decide whether to leave or stay How dare you cling to my son I'll sell you off to Northern Myanmar Gu Xiangnuan, get out here! You said Gu Xiangnuan pretends to care for my brother-in-law to gain my son's favor and seduce him Where is she This water is warm She must be here Search! Drag that little wench out! Dad, doctor! Doctor! Chief The patient's heart rate is dropping Start CPR immediately! Brother-in-law! Godfather! Don't leave me! Doctor, my brother-in-law? He needs close monitoring Absolutely no more stress If I see Gu Xiangnuan again, I'll make sure to kick her out of Longcheng why don't Rainie and I stay behind to take care of Godfather That works With you two here, maybe he'll be a bit happier Ye Hanshan is currently our biggest problem Might as well go all the way So they’re working together He raised me since I was a child We’re in it for the money, no need to kill anyone But with medical advancements these days he’ll recover eventually Didn't your godfather announce you as sole heir of the Ye Group With him seriously ill it's your chance to take control This is the perfect timing With Ye Group in my hands I decide how much money I want Zhang Yuwei, don’t get it twisted The only one who has the final say in Ye Group is me Ye Nianzhu As long as Ye Hanshan dies everything will be mine I’m the rightful heir of Ye Group It’s not that you really want to hurt me you’re just blinded by bad people The report is out Uncle's life is saved What happened to him? Zhang Yuwei and her crew were here He almost died protecting me She's got some nerve Looks like targeting Uncle is just her first step to taking over the Ye family's fortune Zhang Yuwei and Ye Nianzhu collaborate to exploit Mr Ye's critical condition to seize control of Ye Enterprises Her uncle treated her like family Even though she's adopted she's always lived like the daughter of the Ye family How could she be so ungrateful She's targeting me Maybe it's because I'm his real daughter Those two think they can control the Ye Corporation? What a ridiculous dream Xiao Nuan, will you stand with me to protect the Ye family? Should I forgive him? Long City's best hospital has chief surgeon Nie Hai a long-time friend of mine He’ll be fine, for sure Doctor, my dad— How’s Mr Ye? He’s doing very well The surgery was a great success Once the anesthesia wears off he'll wake up Xiao Yu So, my daughter has been by my side all along Mr Ye, you got the wrong person I'm not your daughter Your good daughter is Zhang Yuwei It’s all Daddy’s fault I’ve done so many hurtful things to you I was completely wrong You can hit me, yell at me, whatever you want Just don’t treat me like this, please Lie down quickly You're still very weak Dad hurt you Even if my legs are ruined, I deserve it It's you You're the one who kept pushing me away If you had trusted me just once, we wouldn't have wouldn't have missed our chance Uncle, Dad was wrong! I said before, as long as he wakes up, I'll leave Dad was wrong don't leave Dad Uncle, Xiaonuan she's really hurt Give her a little more time, please But Zhang Yuwei dared to lie to me I will make her pay for this posing as the Ye family's heiress teamed up with Ye Nianzhu to take over the Ye family What? Even Nianzhu is involved? Xiaonuan heard they plotted to seize the Ye family I raised her with such effort for over ten years Even a dog would show some loyalty And she dares to treat me and Xiaonuan like this? It's Zhang Yuwei Answer it Ruan Yinuo, you're Dad's nephew How dare you hide the fact that you took my dad away? Are you afraid Uncle will recover? Tell me where my dad is now or I'll call the police and report you for kidnapping You're Uncle's biological daughter You should visit me I'll send you the address now Uncle, you're letting her come, to expose her, aren't you? Exposing them now would be too easy on those two wicked women If they want the Ye family then I'll give it to them I see what's going on You're setting a trap to make them reveal their true colors Announce it to the public now If I die throw me a grand funeral When they're smug and complacent I'll destroy them with my own hands Why does that figure look so familiar? It really is you Don't touch me, you lunatic! Calling me names? Want to die, Ye Nianzhu? Stop it right now! Ruan Yinuo, I don't agree to her being my dad's caregiver Fire her now! Gu Xiangnuan is a liar in the Ye family Just kick her out Keeping her around—who’ll take responsibility if something happens Just replace her Dad! Dad, don’t leave Xiaoyu behind! So, you’re finally dying The Ye family now belongs to me, Zhang Yuwei No! You can’t die! What’s all this talk about dying? Who are you cursing? Move aside, move aside! The patient's in critical condition get them to the ER If anything happens to Ye Hanshan It’ll be all because of your curse! Not true He'll be fine He spoke this morning How How could it come to this? Xiaonuan, Dr Nie is working on him This is all your fault! Your argument with Rainy upset the godfather You miss dad, don’t you? Clinging to Rainy’s dad Crazy for dad? I think she’s just crazy for money All for the money It was clearly you and Zhang Rainy I’m sorry We did everything we could It’s your fault my dad’s gone Give me back my dad You ruined my dad, give him back! We haven’t even reunited yet It’s all my fault It’s my fault for not forgiving him sooner It’s all your fault If it weren’t for you secretly transferring my dad If it weren’t for my questions I'm afraid I won't even get to see him one last time I know you're heartbroken But you're your dad's only daughter The Ye family's future depends on you now I don't care about the Ye family's wealth I just want my dad to live The dead can't come back to life The funeral will be held in three days Uncle told me to read the will and announce the heir at the funeral The new heir to the Ye family I'll soon be the richest man in Longcheng I don’t have a dad anymore All you do is call him Dad Ye Hanshan is dead but you're still obsessed You killed my dad I’ll make you pay for his life You're Ye Hanshan's biological daughter so what Now the whole world knows I'm the real Ye Hanshan The one and only daughter You'll pay for this Payback? My "payback" is about to become Dragon City's next richest While you the real wealthy heiress will be crushed under my feet Did you forget our agreement? After the funeral tomorrow, transfer the money to me And then you Pack your stuff and get out! I’d rather you weren’t the richest man That way, we could’ve reunited sooner I was just joking with Gu Xiangnuan Of course you’re the richest Smart move Or your fate would be the same as Gu Xiangnuan’s Who’s the next Gu Xiangnuan? That’s still up in the air Xiaoyu, it’s your father’s funeral Change your clothes Aunt today isn’t just Dad’s funeral—more importantly it’s my inheritance ceremony Your godfather’s funeral, When did it become your ceremony? Who said you could talk here? Zhang Weiwei, what do you mean by that? If Dad could see how nice his daughter looks today he’d be thrilled even from the other side Because I’m his precious daughter Gu Xiangnuan, who said you could be here? I'm here to light incense for Mr Ye You're a lowly servant thrown out What right have you at my father's funeral Guards Drag woman out Don’t dirty funeral! Silence, please I will now read Ye Hanshan's will Let me show you something As the sole heir of the Ye family All of Ye's assets now belong solely to Miss Zhang Yuwei No objections will be allowed Starting now, I am officially the richest person in Long City Yuwei, aren't you forgetting something? I'm now the rightful heir Everything of Ye's is mine Why should I still listen to you How dare you betray me! I'll tear you apart! Hold her down! Let go, imposter! Not godfather's daughter! You're not my sister's daughter? That's right I'm not Ye Hanshan's daughter But so what The will's been announced Everything from the Ye family is mine now You dare play me?! You're not my sister's daughter Then who is my sister's daughter? Could it be you? Looks like you're not too old to see the truth just yet Surprised, aren't you? The Gu Xiangnuan you humiliated and bullied is actually your real niece You wicked! Pretending to be my sister's daughter! You'll know the price of deceiving the Ruan family The price! I'm the richest person in Longcheng now I'm not like her, a powerless ant anyone can crush So, you're actually my sister's daughter If you're Yè Hanshan's daughter, so what? Didn't he, time again let me step all over you? Yè Hanshan already handed over the massive Ye Group to me a fraud You've finally shown your true colors But my dad and I We can never reunite again What do you think you’re doing? Someone, help! Take this old woman away, Zhang Yuwei! Don’t go too far! She wanted to light incense for her father Ruan Yinuo! I have to say, you’re truly an annoying person Do you really think You've got it all? Who is it? Am I dreaming? Dad, I'm your daughter It’s her She’s the one who wants to fight me For the Ye family and inheritance, I had to say so When you drugged me, Why not say I’m your daughter? You knew it all along You weren’t unconscious Godfather, I was wrong I was forced into it I’ve never let you down materially Never thought You’d betray me for money You wanted me dead I didn’t! I didn’t! It was her! Forced me! Wants you dead, not me! Throw this heartless scumbag into prison for me! Yes! No, no, godfather! And you! Even tearing you to pieces won't ease the hatred in my heart! Dad! Ye Nianzhu made me do it, threatened me! I’m not your dad And the Ruan family will never let a fraud like you off the hook Ye Hanshan is dead I’m the real heiress now Why don’t you just die? Zhang Yuwei, don’t do anything crazy! Don’t hurt Xiaonuan! Hurt her? The ones who hurt her most Are you! Her closest person Ruan Mianshuang You're her aunt But you tried to sell her to that old bachelor Yet the person Gu Xiangnuan should hate most is you The moment she entered the Ye family, Ye Nianzhu targeted her But you turned a blind eye You even cursed and humiliated her because of me the fake daughter and forced her out of the Ye family If you have a problem, take out on me! Let go of Xiaonuan Give me a hundred million Get a private jet for America Or I'll take Gu Xiangnuan down with me You’re dreaming if you think you’ll get the money Even if you do, you won’t get away do as she says, now! I've done everything you asked Can you let Xiaonuan go now? Looks like I still didn’t ask for enough Ruan Mianshuang, do you want to save your niece? If you free Xiaonuan the Ruan family will meet your demands Gu Xiangnuan, take a look Ye Hanshan’s daughter, getting such overwhelming love The blood in your veins is your original sin You're wrong He's not the richest man He's just someone who fights to make a living An ordinary guy Shut up What I hate most is your "money means nothing" attitude You so easily Get the billionaire's daughter And still act humble Aren't you looking for your dad? I won’t let you reunite with him I know the person you care about most is your dad Ye Hanshan, don’t you want to save your daughter? Fine, I'll give you a chance You trade places Gu Xiangnuan, become my hostage I agree Yi Nuo, stop him! You can't go The one standing across from me is the daughter I've desperately searched for over sixteen years The daughter I've pushed away time and time again I'm willing to die for Xiaonuan Please, have mercy on me A father determined to save his daughter That's a father's love, right? Heartfelt moment between father and daughter So touching What a pity You'll soon be separated forever You protected me from bullies when I was a kid it's my turn to protect you What a pity You'll soon be separated forever Xiaonuan, are you okay? Xiaonuan, quick, help her up! Let go of me! Gu Xiangnuan, you horrible woman! What gives you the right to take everything that’s mine? You’re the one who took everything from me! And you still dare to hurt Xiaonuan! I’m the real richest in Longcheng! Take her away Feed her to the dogs Xiaonuan, you're hurt! Go to the hospital It's just a scratch What will it take for you to forgive Auntie? When I was little, I was always getting into trouble It was my sister who tirelessly cleaned up my messes But today It feels like I'm about to lose something precious to her Sis This is New Year's money for Xiaoyu, you can't refuse it I've been kicked out of the Ruan family If Big Brother finds out you keep giving money he'll get angry Sis, no matter where you go, you'll always be my sister You're willing to accept Aunt now You're Mom's good sister Of course, you're my aunt too From now on, you're Auntie, my dearest treasure You just called me Dad It’s okay if you don’t want to I can wait If I forgive you, I’d be letting down He Hua your foster mother who died because of you look into it Find out how Xiaonuan's foster mother, He Hua, really died You finally came to see Dad The police couldn’t find him, but you guys managed in just three days Who’d believe you’re not in on this? Xiao Nuan, your uncle hasn’t slept for three whole days trying to find Gu Fan Gu Fan already admitted it You did it for Zhang Yuwei Let him kill me It was Hehua Mama who risked her life to save me Before this I had never met Gu Fan How could I have ordered him to kill anyone Gu Fan is right here now If you don’t believe me, you can ask him Xiaonuan, Xiaonuan! Please, save me! Ye Hanshan is a monster! He set snakes on me sent dogs to chase me I don't wanna die Say what you need to say If you dare lie, even once I have a hundred ways to make your life a living hell Xiao Nuan, I was wrong! Honestly, I never wanted to kill you Killing someone means jail time I just wanted to scare you But who would’ve thought that wretch— Hehua stabbed herself on the dagger! Who sent you? It was Zhang Yuwei She told me to say in front of you that it was Ye Hanshan who ordered me to kill you Take him away Send him to the police station This is Zhang Yuwei’s usual trick She dumped the dirty water on your uncle Just to drive a wedge between you and your father Xiao Nuan, Yinuo’s right Yinuo’s right Zhang Yuwei is manipulative and greedy She’d do anything for money Everyone was deceived He Hua’s mom Dad isn’t the murderer Can I forgive him? Your adoptive mother died saving you I’m grateful to her So I buried her next to your mom Let’s go together Light a stick of incense for her Pay our respects, alright? I have two moms Both loved me with their lives I’m the happiest daughter in the world Sister He Hua I’m Xiaonuan’s dad For raising Xiaonuan all these years You're a benefactor of the Ye family On behalf of the Ye family thank you I'll take good care of your family Uncle, what's wrong? Xiaonuan's dad is fine I found our daughter Can you let me stay with my daughter a few more years before I come to you? Wonder how Dad is doing How did the surgery go? The surgery was a success That's great! Dad's a boxing champion Only fights the bad guys! The Ye Family Reunion Foundation Helping families in need find their loved ones Hello Take a quick look You're from the Ye family? The long-lost daughter Sir, do you know me? You're the family's big benefactor! If it weren't for your Ye Family's Reunion Fund, I would've never found my long-lost mother You're welcome Hey bro, you're here! Hi, I'd like to sign up Looking for my dad He's the richest man here Xiao Nuan, sorry, my bad I'll take her away right now Xiao Nuan, you must be tired Let's go home Sigh

  Top Comments:
  1. @marieramadhar8223 [6 likes]: I hate these kind of bullying drama, it's overbearing now
  2. @PamHinds-u4v7j [3 likes]: Why haven’t they taken a paternity test before now! It a good story but it is just dragging on!
  3. @sarasswamy6770 [2 likes]: Its a wicked cruel story.  I can't stand that fake daughter and fake scheming evil women
  4. @RachealNamfukwe [1 likes]: What a nice story job well done ❤❤❤❤❤
  5. @andreabraznell3080 [1 likes]: I really dislike her horrible attitude and abuse nurse painfully  😢
  6. @jb-jx7zh [1 likes]: She will not get away with it
  7. @mercyguintu5179: Greedy people in this world are really got thier karma.
  8. @felysantiago9291: Nonsense story
  9. @AnneSavella: Annoyef too much bullying..the FL very clumsy and stupid too irritating
  10. @SandraRotella-p2x: DNA TIME
  11. @sarasswamy6770: She is so wicked and even looks wicked.  Don't like it
  12. @Norma-mn8kr: Why the Father did not fix his daughter feel as well😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢????
  13. @DarkSeraphim: This movie would be done in 5 minutes...with just a paternity test😂 Its a horrible story and i would NOT recommend this to anyone.
  14. @pdan3676: Too much bullying. Although it's fictional,  but because of excessive bullying makes it not enjoyable. However, the dumbass lost daughter is too dumb, deserves all the bullying. 😂😂😂 can't watch this anymore.
  15. @andreabraznell3080: Accident her make me crying 😭😭😭😭😭
  16. @CarmeloAlday: How stupid!!!! A simple DNA will do that....
  17. @Amanda-vp7qz: DNA test on the girls when in doubt?
  18. @malamadhoo2996: They does act some foolish movie
  19. @BellaSnell-m5w: Emotional yet interesting,  exciting but inspiring story....😊😊❤❤❤
  20. @jb-jx7zh: In end both will regret bad people

- The Quiet Test the Elite Use When They First Meet You: Kind: captions Language: en Some people think the elite judge you by your job title. Others assume it's your clothes, your watch, the way you pronounce certain words. Those things matter, but they're not the real test. Because when people who have spent their entire lives around power meet someone new, they rarely ask direct questions. They almost never confront. And they certainly don't announce what they're evaluating. Instead, something much quieter happens. A small moment. A tiny shift in the conversation, a subtle pause in the rhythm of the room. And in that moment, a test begins. You don't know it's happening. Most people never realize it did. But by the time the conversation ends, the verdict is already decided. Who you are, where do you belong, whether you will ever be invited into that circle again. The unsettling part is this. The test is not about intelligence. It is not about money. And it is definitely not about trying to impress anyone. In fact, the more someone tries to impress, the faster they fail. If you enjoy dissecting the silent rules that govern high-status rooms, subscribe now. This channel explores the psychology of old money, quiet power, and the behaviors the elite recognize instantly. Because what we're about to talk about is something most people miss entirely. The first thing to understand is that people raised around wealth develop a kind of social radar. It's not arrogance. It's conditioning. From childhood, they are surrounded by people who want access. Access to influence, access to money, access to opportunity. Over time, they learn to identify certain behavioral signals almost immediately. And so when they meet someone new, they don't listen only to what is being said. They watch what happens in the space between the words. There is a reason elite environments often feel calm, slow, and almost strangely quiet compared to most social settings. Nothing is rushed. Conversation unfolds with patience. Silence is allowed to exist without being filled. No one is scrambling to prove themselves. For someone unfamiliar with this rhythm, this stillness feels uncomfortable. And that discomfort triggers the test. When someone enters one of these environments, the first quiet evaluation begins almost immediately. Not with a question, with a pause. A small gap in the conversation, just long enough for someone unfamiliar with this world to panic [music] slightly. Most people react instinctively. They rush to fill the silence. They start explaining themselves, talking about what they do, listing achievements, referencing connections, mentioning how busy they are. They believe they are contributing to the conversation. But to the people observing them, something else is happening entirely. They are revealing their relationship with status. You see, the quiet test the elite use when they first meet someone is not about knowledge or credentials. It is about composure under invisible pressure. Can this person exist comfortably without performing? Can they sit inside silence without scrambling to control it? Or do they immediately begin negotiating their value out loud? This distinction is far more important than most people realize. Because in high-status circles, the need to constantly demonstrate worth is itself interpreted as a signal of insecurity. True status rarely advertises itself. People who have always belonged somewhere don't feel the urge to prove it. So, when someone begins aggressively presenting their accomplishments within the first few minutes of conversation, it creates a subtle shift in the room. Not hostility, just a quiet internal conclusion. This person is trying too hard. And once that perception forms, it is very difficult to reverse. What makes this test particularly dangerous is how invisible it is. No one will interrupt and say, "You're talking too much about yourself." No one will call attention to the shift. The conversation will remain polite, friendly even. But the classification has already happened. Trusted or not trusted. Comfortable or uncomfortable. Belonging or performing. This is why people who come from old money families often appear unusually relaxed in It's not because they are more confident in the dramatic sense. It's because they have never had to argue for their place in the room. Their behavior reflects a deep assumption of belonging. And that assumption produces a calm that is very difficult to imitate. When someone new enters the room, the quiet test begins with a simple observation. Do they respect the rhythm of the environment? Or do they immediately try to change it? You can see this clearly during introductions. Someone says their name. A brief exchange follows. Then there's a moment where the conversation could go in many directions. And this is where the difference becomes obvious. People unfamiliar with elite environments often feel compelled to create momentum immediately. They introduce topics, offer stories, add extra information about themselves. The intention is good, but the effect is revealing. Because what the elite are quietly observing is whether someone can allow the conversation to breathe. Can they let curiosity develop naturally? Or do they feel responsible for generating constant energy? It may sound subtle, but in status-sensitive environments, this distinction is enormous. Those who dominate the conversational rhythm are often perceived as socially anxious. Those who control silence without fear are perceived as composed. And composure is one of the most powerful signals of status that exists. This is why the quiet test often revolves around something deceptively simple, waiting. The elite will sometimes allow a moment of stillness after you speak. Not in a confrontational way. Just a pause. And that pause is where the real evaluation begins. [music] Some people immediately they talking again. They add another detail, clarify something, expand their point. It's almost automatic. But to someone trained to read social signals, that reaction reveals something profound. It shows that silence makes you uncomfortable. And discomfort in silence suggests that you rely on constant expression to maintain control. In other words, you need the conversation to keep moving in order to feel secure. People who have grown up around influence tend to recognize this pattern instantly. Because they have seen it thousands of times. They have watched politicians overcompensate in interviews. They have seen ambitious professionals overexplain themselves at dinners. They have observed countless people attempting to prove their importance in subtle ways. And over time, they develop a quiet filter. Those who can exist calmly inside a pause are treated differently. Those who cannot rarely realize they have been categorized. What makes this dynamic even more fascinating is that the test is rarely intentional in the theatrical sense. The elite are not sitting there thinking, "Now I will test this person." It's simply how they observe people. Years of exposure to high-stakes environments train them to read behavior in microscopic detail. Small gestures, vocal rhythm, timing. And nowhere are these signals more visible than during the first few minutes of meeting someone new. This is when people are least aware of themselves. Their default behavior surface before they have time to adjust. Which is why the quiet test works so effectively. It captures instinct, and instinct is difficult to fake. But silence is only the first layer of the test. The second layer appears moments later, and it is even more revealing. Because after observing how someone handles stillness, the elite often introduce something slightly more destabilizing. A neutral question. Not an impressive one. Not a dramatic one. Something almost disappointingly ordinary. "So, what have you been working on lately?" At first glance, it seems harmless, but the question is not about the answer. It is about the reaction. Some people immediately turn the moment into a performance. They begin describing projects in elaborate detail. They frame everything in terms of achievement. They attempt to elevate the significance of their work through storytelling. Again, the intention is understandable. Most social environments reward this behavior. But within elite circles, something strange happens. The more someone tries to impress, the less convincing they become. Because the people listening are not evaluating the accomplishments themselves. They are observing the emotional tone behind them. Are you sharing information, or are you seeking validation? That distinction is extraordinarily visible to someone who has spent a lifetime around ambition. And once again, the test reveals itself in the quietest possible way. They listen. They nod. They allow you to continue. And inside their mind, a simple question forms. Is this person comfortable with who they are? Or are they trying to negotiate their value in real time? You would be surprised how often the answer becomes clear within seconds. Because when someone feels the need to elevate their story, they usually introduce small signals of insecurity. They emphasize the importance of their clients. They reference prestigious locations. They subtly name-drop institutions or connections. Not aggressively. Just enough to shape perception. And those signals are precisely what the elite are trained to detect. Not because they dislike ambition, but because they are looking for something much rarer, emotional steadiness. The ability to exist without constantly managing how one is perceived. People who have grown up in wealth often recognize this quality immediately. It feels familiar. It feels safe. And when they encounter it, the conversation shifts. It becomes easier, more relaxed, more curious. But when they detect the opposite, the room becomes polite yet distant. Nothing dramatic happens, no conflict, just an invisible decision. This person is not yet comfortable in this world, and that decision is often made long before the person being evaluated realizes anything unusual occurred, which leads to the most unsettling part of the quiet test. It's happening constantly at dinners, at charity events, at private gatherings, at introductions arranged through mutual [music] friends. Each time someone new enters the social field, the same silent observations begin. Not cruelly, not maliciously, just quietly. Because people who operate in powerful networks cannot afford to misread character. They have seen what happens when the wrong person gains proximity to influence, so they learn to trust small signals. The rhythm of speech, the ability to hold eye contact without tension, the ease with which someone navigates silence. These details reveal far more than rehearsed charm ever could. And this is why the quiet test remains one of the most effective filters in elite social life. It requires no confrontation, no interrogation, just observation. And by the time someone leaves the conversation, the conclusion is already forming. Not based on what they claimed, but on how they behaved when nothing was happening. But the quiet test does not end with silence, and it does not end with a casual question about work. Those are only the opening movements. The deeper layer appears when the conversation shifts slightly off balance. Nothing dramatic happens, the tone stays polite. Faces remain friendly. The room still feels calm. Yet something changes. Someone introduces a small irregularity, a mild contradiction, a quiet remark that gently pushes against what you just said. Not aggressive, not confrontational, just enough to disturb the smooth surface of the conversation, and suddenly the real quiet test begins. Because people raised around power are not only observing how you behave when everything feels comfortable, they are watching what happens when the ground shifts slightly beneath you. When someone lightly challenges a statement, most people react instantly. They defend themselves. They correct the other person. They rush to clarify their point so they don't appear mistaken. The reaction is almost automatic. But within elite environments, that reflex reveals far more than the argument itself. Because the people watching are not focused on who is technically right. They are watching the emotional movement in the room. Does this person become tense? Do they begin explaining faster? Do they subtly compete to regain control of the conversation? Or do they absorb the interruption with calm curiosity? That difference tells them almost everything they need to know. People who truly belong in high-status environments develop a different relationship with disagreement. They are not threatened by it. They are not eager to win it. They treat it almost like passing weather. Something that appears briefly and then disappears without disturbing the atmosphere. When someone reacts defensively, however, a very different signal appears. Defensiveness suggests that identity is tied to perception. That being seen as correct, competent, or impressive is emotionally important. And the moment that importance becomes visible, the quiet test is nearly complete. Because elite circles are not looking for people who need constant reassurance. They are looking for people whose emotional stability remains intact, even when the conversation becomes uncertain. It is a rare quality, and it is remarkably easy to detect. Watch what happens during a dinner conversation when someone introduces a slightly opposing view. For many people, the instinct is to restore control immediately. They explain more. They talk longer. They reinforce their position so no one misinterprets what they meant. But, to someone experienced in reading social signals, that reaction exposes something unintended. It reveals that the person is protecting their position in the room. And in environments where status is assumed rather than negotiated, protecting one's position can look like insecurity. This is why disagreement among the elite often appears unusually calm. Two people may hold opposing views, yet the conversation remains relaxed. Neither person rushes to dominate the exchange. Ideas simply move through the discussion. They appear, collide briefly, and fade away. Because the people involved are not defending identity, they are simply sharing a perspective. This calm detachment is one of the most reliable signals of social confidence, and it is incredibly difficult to imitate. But, the quiet test does not stop with disagreement. Sometimes something even more subtle happens. The other person becomes slightly uninterested, not obviously, just a small shift. Their attention drifts for a moment. Their response becomes shorter. Their curiosity softens slightly. To most people, this feels like a warning signal. They interpret it as losing the room. And when that happens, a predictable reaction appears. They start performing. Their voice becomes more animated. Their stories grow larger. They try to inject more energy into the interaction to pull attention back [music] toward them. But, what they don't realize is that this reaction reveals exactly what the observer is looking for. Because someone comfortable in elite environments does not chase attention. They don't attempt to rescue the conversation. They remain relaxed. If attention drifts, they allow the moment to breathe. This calm detachment sends a powerful signal. It communicates that their value is not dependent on maintaining constant engagement. And that signal carries enormous weight in high-status circles. People accustomed to influence do not need to hold the room at all times. Their presence is steady whether attention is high or low. When someone begins chasing attention, even subtly, it suggests something very different. It suggests that validation is required in real time. And that signal quietly changes how the person is perceived.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheLuxuryLane-7 [1 likes]: If you want to go deeper into how to speak, move, and carry yourself with quiet authority, I’ve put everything into a few private guides here:
The Speech Shortcut Guide - https://kormedia.org/the-speech-shortcut-how-to-sound-instantly-more-refined-copy
Social Intelligence Guide - https://kormedia.org/social-intelligence-navigating-any-setting-like-old-money-pkkr4-copy
  2. @wickedwaynes [1 likes]: I bet the elite 😎 have a sense of humor. I understand what is required to move forward. Trust what is silent 🤫 stays secret.
  3. @Krtasnov [1 likes]: The Elite are an entire class of losers. Their entire life is around keeping and increasing wealth.  And that is literally all they have.  A bank account.  No morals. No ethics. No purpose, or reason to be.  They can trust no one and they can do almost nothing.  They have a 50% suicide rate because they are so empty.  Ectreme wealth is a curse to everyone.
  4. @starboard6372: What's so funny about this is that some....almost MOST...of the people that I have known to be completely OFF THE RAILS in one way or another, have been from OLD, wealthy, and what you're referring to as "elite" families...so this is pretty much rubbish.  This is how "they" WISH they existed.
  5. @karynwith-a-y6686: One can have manners...and be a backstabber, or totally insincere. Often these so-called "elite" are shallow and self-centred.
  6. @EkimDyslexia: class=education../not money
  7. @TYAC_red: Play any war games. Dominance comes from animosity.
World of Tank, War Thunder, Metal Gear Solid, Assassin's Creed ...
  8. @Krtasnov: My father told me that "every dollar represents something that  a man took from below the ground, on top of the ground or took from the water.  The rich never risk themselves in  any of that.  There is nothing noble of self sacrificing about a rich man.  There is no service in them. They create nothing. They produce less. There is only greed and cowardice."  I have never found anything that tells me he was wrong.
  9. @buitenkliniek: this analysis is not wrong, but what shocking lack of etiquette in the alleged elite in this little film...
  10. @kmack8634: The quiet test they always fail and always will. Lost forever and are unaware
  11. @cornelialamoela4472: I am the elite
  12. @unapologeticphil: And then they finally alienate the villagers so much they get french revolutioned.
  13. @gfshs-3: elites ate not elites,.that is a western myth, they furt too
  14. @cathcolwell2197: Super interesting thanks. Music needs to be less competitive. 
I’ll stay away from these folks, thanks. I’m insecure, not ashamed of that.
  15. @FAS1948: Dunning-Kruger is as likely as insecurity and imposter syndrome at any level in society, because individual personalities respond differently to identical upbringing. And the term 'old money' has a different meaning on my side of the Atlantic, probably by 500 years. As in every situation, broad generalisations such as are proposed in this video are rarely valid.
  16. @Shelby_Bride_Of_Christ: Sorry, I don't care to be in the presence of people who are judging me for superficial unspoken rules, lol. God says do not judge.
  17. @MissNobody-j8c: Thank you
  18. @kmassey: Kill or be killed
  19. @glasperlinspiel: You’re full of shit. They are assessing what you are willing to do to or for them, otherwise you are invisible.
  20. @andreww2319: The room is quiet, calm, then someone introduces a small irregularity ... who farted?

- He Woke Up in the 1960 Famine… Bought Rare Supplies for 1 Cent, and Girls Lined Up to Marry Him!: Kind: captions Language: en-US an 18 year old boy has just transmigrated to a famine stricken era but unexpectedly gains access to the Pindigo online shopping system while others struggle for food he can buy anything for a single penny when Li Fuching woke up he found himself transported to the 1960s his cell phone and takeout were gone and even more absurdly his father had abandoned him to save his own life his father left behind only 200 yuan a house and a job as a purchasing agent Li Fuching looked around everywhere he looked were old objects that evoked a sense of history the air was thick with the atmosphere of the 1960s he slammed his head against the wall in despair hoping to return to the modern world through death but when he opened his eyes again he was still alive just as Li Fushin was processing reality the Pinduoduo online store interface suddenly popped up in front of him congratulations on getting a chance to cut the price he remembered that he was helping his cousin cut the price before he transmigrated which LED him to this era he was still 1 cent short on the page which made him feel quite helpless Li Fuching didn't believe in this at first but after he recharged 10 yuan a 10 pound bag of flour appeared out of thin air on the table he instantly realized this was not an illusion the items in the mall could be taken directly out rice eggs candy fabric cigarettes and alcohol were all available more importantly he could actually bargain in an era of extreme scarcity this ability was simply incredible just then the three aunties from the courtyard came to comfort him Li Fuching gave a few perfunctory replies after learning that the child of widow Zhang in the backyard was crying from hunger he took a bag of coarse rice and went to the backyard upon meeting Grandma Jean he didn't mention bringing grain but only said he wanted to exchange it for a paper cut window decoration he put down the grain and turned to leave when Grandma Jean opened the bag and saw the more than 10 kg of grain her eyes instantly welled up with tears the next morning Li Fuching rode his bicycle back to Ligi Oswayng to visit his grandparents on the way he bought meat buns and threw the ones he couldn't finish into the mall's warehouse for safekeeping with the mall by his side he suddenly felt that life wasn't so hard anymore more than an hour later he arrived at Ligi Oswayng as soon as he reached the village entrance he was warmly greeted by several young people Li Fuqing deliberately put on airs of an elder making Li Dali obediently call him uncle and then tossed him a pack of dacium and cigarettes as he continued walking into the village he noticed that many children were pale and thin and some were even eating grass roots so he called all the children over upon learning that he was the 21st in his clan he gave each child a large handful of peanuts he then went to his grandfather's house and took out the things he had brought one by one peanuts flour eggs fatty meat and pork belly filled the table the old man stared in disbelief and upon learning that his grandson had become a purchasing agent his eyes welled up with tears the old man immediately began rendering lard and curing bacon just then his three cousins children ran into the yard clamoring to eat peanuts too Lee Fuchsing bought candy directly from the mall and gave each child a handful the children were overjoyed and even Grandpa Lee solemnly told them to remember this kindness the three children nodded repeatedly with the youngest Wang Hua earnestly declaring she would remember him for eight lifetimes meanwhile the Zhang family in the courtyard also brought up the matter of Li Fushing delivering grain after a long silence old Zhang decided that he would definitely give Li Fuqing 3 yuan when he returned favors can be owed but they must always be repaid the so called pigeon market is actually a small privately run market among ordinary people although it's not allowed everyone tacitly understands it the black market is even more secretive opening only at night and you have to pay to get in they sell everything many of the items being things that can't be brought to the light of day even when rice sold for 3 cents a pound the supply still couldn't meet the demand the ration grain simply wasn't enough in those days food was life itself as life became increasingly difficult for the Zhang family old man Jing finally decided to buy grain from Li Fushing from now on hoping that by being a purchasing agent he could get more food on the other side Li Fushing's grandmother rushed home after digging for wild vegetables as soon as she arrived at the door she smelled the strong aroma of fried pork cracklings there were even children drooling outside the yard seeing her grandson sharing the fried pork cracklings with everyone the old lady felt a pang of heartache but didn't utter a single complaint in her eyes her grandson's happiness was the most important thing the old man's voice came from inside the house telling the old woman to hurry back and make dumplings in the yard the children were lining up to receive fried pork cracklings after each child received three pieces of pork cracklings many were reluctant to finish them and save some to take home just then a young man joined the group after learning that the man was there to collect the money on behalf of his brother who had injured his leg Li Fushin confirmed the situation and gave him three pieces of fried pork cracklings only after distributing them did he go back to his room to rest Grandma Lee specially brought her grandson a cup of sweet water showing concern for his well being and even wanted Grandpa Lee to fan him which made leifushin both amused and exasperated at this moment his aunt Young Mei also walked into the yard yongmei was stunned by the abundance of supplies in the room as soon as she entered Li Fushin smiled and said next time I come back I'll get some more fabric to make new clothes for Grandpa Grandma and wonkai Yong May quickly declined saying the children's clothes were still wearable Li Fuching seeing their patched clothes immediately decided to do it all Old Master Li however instructed that this matter not be told to anyone Yongmei was pulled into the kitchen to make dumplings and her eyes lit up when she saw the high gluten flour Grandma Li beamed with joy praising her grandson incessantly just then Li Dejuan returned with water Grandpa Li immediately told him to carry more water so that Li Fushing could take a bath that evening Li Fushing felt a little embarrassed and offered to help Li Dajuan said the village well had dried up long ago so they had to fetch water from afar the old man then told him to go after he finished eating and to have a couple of cups of sweet potato liquor with him that evening the dumplings were served quickly and grandma even stir fried some peanuts Grandpa took out his treasured sweet potato liquor and Li Feixing said he would bring him some good wine in the future the old man became angry at the mention of his father in his view his son had been coming home less and less since moving to the city and now he had even run off with a widow the old man grew angrier with each scolding feeling that the only right thing his son had done was to have Li Fushi sensing the tense atmosphere Li Fushi quickly changed the subject the dumplings smelled delicious and the family couldn't stop eating the three children especially devoured them and Wang Hua couldn't help but ask if they could have dumplings again that night Wang Kai and Wang Yue also looked unexpectedly Yong Mei glared at them annoyed that they were ungrateful and the three children immediately wilted we won't have dumplings tonight we'll have meat the three children's eyes lit up instantly while Yong Mei was a little embarrassed Grandma Lee immediately made the decision inviting them to come back for dinner that evening the couple didn't really care but for their child's sake they ultimately agreed after dinner Lee Daugherty prepared to go to work lefushin handed him a cigarette and asked him to take good care of his grandparents Li Dajuan readily agreed just then a rapid gong sounded in the village Li Dajuan's expression changed drastically and he said that Zhao Family Village might have diverted the water again Lee Fuchsing followed and found that the wheat field had begun to crack soon all the able bodied men in the village gathered with farm tools and guns ready to demand an explanation on the way the old party secretary Learned that Li Fuching worked as a purchasing agent at a steel rolling mill so he asked him if he could help the village exchange some grain the Old Village party secretary frankly admitted that the village was running out of food and wanted to go into the mountains to hunt for food after considering it Li Fuching decided to help them exchange sweet potatoes he promised that if he could hunt a wild boar weighing about 50 catties he would try to exchange it for 2,500 kg of sweet potatoes the old party secretary was immediately thrilled upon arriving at the Riverbank the villagers discovered that it wasn't a water diversion but rather that the river was almost completely dry after exchanging words the two village chiefs realized that both villages were short of food and water and neither could help the other so they had no choice but to part ways upon returning to the village everyone began to restrict water use however Li Fuqing suddenly realized that if they could dig a well and install a hand cranked water pump the problem might be solved the hand cranked water pump wasn't complicated in structure a steel rolling mill could make it with that in mind he immediately went home and started drawing up the blueprints they worked until dusk and the drawings were finally finished just then ledajuan returned with water and told him that the old party secretary had given them special permission to proceed Li Fuqing however felt that such special treatment shouldn't be given indefinitely the old man also agreed to follow the rules Li Dajuan mentioned that the old party secretary was going hunting in the mountains the next day at dinner the meat was finally served but Li Fushing thought it tasted so so and only ate a few bites the old couple however thought he was reluctant to eat it and kept piling meat into his bowl Li Fushing found steamed buns and eggs on the table while his grandparents were secretly eating cornbread he immediately frowned he stated directly that if she continued to show favoritism towards him he would never come back the old lady was so frightened that she quickly promised not to do it again just then Wonkai and his two siblings ran into the yard Li Fuqing peeled the eggs ate the egg whites himself and divided the yolks among the three children he then told his grandmother that he had to go back to the city to take care of some business and that if the village hunted a wild boar he should have someone bring it to him in the city on his way back to the city by bicycle Li Fuching checked the mall and found that today's special offer for one cent was 10 caddies of pork jerky he immediately bought it and began to plan how to make a fortune on the black market back at the Courtyard House Li Fuching took out 30 g of eggs and 30 g of pork and packed them into the purchasing basket as a purchasing agent he hadn't been back to the factory for several days and these supplies were just what he needed to deliver these supplies are enough to complete most of the procurement task if Ligi Oswayng sends over wild boars this month's quota will be completely secured just then old Mrs Zeng came to the door she brought paper cut window decorations and three yuan to thank him Li Fushin accepted the decorations but pushed the money back Grandma Zhang insisted on giving him money and mentioned that she wanted to buy grain from him again in the future Li Fuqing understood and turned around to take out a few eggs as a return gift before leaving he asked Grandma Zhang to make a few pairs of shoes for his grandparents saying that they could exchange them for grain later Grandma Zheng immediately perked up after finding out the shoe size she carried the eggs home with a beaming smile when she got home she showed the eggs to her grandson and told him to be polite whenever he saw Li fushing the story quickly spread throughout the courtyard the older women in the courtyard all marveled at Li Fuxing's abilities saying that being a purchasing agent was a lucrative job and some even considered introducing him to potential partners but soon someone reminded him that Li Fuxing was already engaged Li Fuxing didn't care about this at all and after washing his clothes he rode his bicycle to the steel mill the steel rolling mill is one of the largest steel Mills in Beijing and the burden of feeding tens of thousands of workers rests entirely on the purchasing department recently the factory has been experiencing a food shortage and the canteen has been continuously reducing the amount of food served with some people even fainting from hunger the section chief has given the purchasing staff a strict order just as everyone was worrying Li Fuxing walked into the office carrying a shopping basket as soon as everyone saw the eggs and pork they all gathered around Li Wenbin was overjoyed to see the 30 catties of eggs and 30 catties of pork instead of blaming him for disappearing for a few days he praised him in public someone suggested keeping some pork for themselves Lee Wibben decided to hand over all the pork while each person would receive 500 grams of eggs after registration and settlement the pork sold for 60 yuan and the eggs for 9 yuan so Li Fuqing received a total of 69 yuan while he was at the factory that afternoon good news came from Ligi Osway the villagers who went into the mountains had actually hunted two wild boars in the evening the ox cart carrying the wild boars arrived directly at the courtyard gate Li Fushin was somewhat surprised to see two wild boars he immediately took the wild boar to the steel rolling mill the news spread causing a sensation throughout the entire purchasing department the two wild boars weighed approximately 165 kg and were sold to the factory for 12 yuan per Jean Lee Fushing received 252 yuan on the spot when they returned to the courtyard house the ox cart was already loaded with sweet potatoes Lee Chong and the others waited for him on empty stomachs but no one touched the grain inside the house Lee Fushing told them to guard the car first while he cooked a large pot of noodles and poached eggs to treat everyone after eating and drinking his fill he took out the blueprints and a few pieces of pork jerky and went to ask the old man in the courtyard for help the drawing shows a simple part which is also an important component in the manufacture of water pumps after the old man finished reading he knew he could make it the only problem was the materials but when he heard that there would be extra pay he immediately agreed and promised to finish the job within two days after the deal was settled Li Fuching did not linger he knew that everyone was short of food in those days and did not want to add to the burden of others the elderly couple's eyes lit up when they saw the pork jerky on the table the third uncle however couldn't bear to eat it and decided to save it for later to entertain guests meanwhile the people of Ljubljana were inspecting the sweet potatoes that had just been delivered seeing that there was nothing wrong with the grain the old party secretary finally breathed a sigh of relief two wild boars were traded for 7,000 Jean of sweet potatoes giving the whole village hope some even suggested continuing to hunt in the mountains the old party secretary didn't immediately agree he knew wild boars were dangerous but the grain piled up in the warehouse did give the whole village the confidence to survive Li Fuching checked the online store as usual and found that today's special offer was 10 kilograms of milk this kind of thing is considered a luxury these days he bought it without hesitation and instantly his backpack had 20 bottles of milk Li Fuching knew that this milk was extremely valuable now that he had enough to eat and drink he began to consider improving his living conditions he plans to renovate the house to make it brighter and cleaner and also add a bathroom money alone isn't enough for this kind of thing you also need connections he first approached his second uncle offered him a few eggs and quickly established a relationship his second uncle helped him contact a renovation contractor Lee Fushing explained the renovation plan in detail even clearly outlining the bathroom layout after listening to the price quote Mr Zhang quoted 350 yuan Lee Fushing did not haggle and paid a 200 yuan deposit directly he then arranged for the second ant to be in charge of the workers meals and to pay them with pork which the second ant agreed to on the spot while going to the neighborhood office to complete some paperwork he unexpectedly Learned that Director Chen's grandson was short of milk so he immediately took out two bottles of milk and delivered them to him Director Chen's attitude changed drastically after seeing the milk he not only helped him with the sewage discharge permits but also actively tried to build a closer relationship by the time Li Fuxing returned to the courtyard house the people from lijiazuiang had already returned to the city Li Fuching asked Li Chong and others to help move the goods and LED them to the vicinity of the steel rolling mill the 4500 g of sweet potatoes that had been prepared in advance were already piled up there and everyone moved them silently without asking any questions after returning home Li Fuching steamed a large pot of white rice the people who were visiting the city for the first time were all stunned after all they usually couldn't even get enough coarse grains to eat after finishing their meal no one dared to delay and immediately took the sweet potatoes back to the village because the food was a matter of life and death for the entire village after all the sweet potatoes were stored confirming there were no further issues he knew the situation was temporarily under control that day the canteen specially added extra sweet potatoes to the porridge so that each villager could have a bowl of slightly thicker porridge but everyone understood that this amount of food could only barely sustain them and couldn't possibly sustain them to the point of eating to their heart's content hunger both sobers them up and compels them to take risks soon the young man began discussing going into the mountains to hunt again lidali hesitated verbally but his heart was already wavering because as long as he caught some prey life would be much easier in the end he agreed this wasn't an impulsive decision but a choice forced upon him by reality meanwhile the old man from town brought news of the parts progress everything was going smoothly and the cost for materials and labor had been agreed upon Li Fuching readily paid he knew that many of the fees were actually for maintaining relationships although he didn't have much cash left he wasn't worried because the real value lay in the system resources meanwhile Director Chen had just returned home when he heard his grandson crying incessantly his daughter in law wasn't producing enough breast milk and the whole family was filled with worry once the milk was prepared and fed to the child the crying stopped immediately and the oppressive atmosphere eased from that moment on director Chen valued Li Fushing even more and decided to maintain this relationship in the long term back in the courtyard house Li Fushing didn't rush to use the premium grains but waited for the shop to refresh he knew life could improve but he couldn't be too ostentatious the next day 10 catties of millet appeared this grain was both practical and wouldn't attract too much attention while washing up he noticed something was off in the courtyard Aunt Chen was wiping away tears and Uncle Chen looked helpless it turned out that Uncle Chen had given half of his family's grain to his elder brother the family was already short of food and this completely ignited the conflict seeing this Li Fuching proposed selling sweet potatoes priced at 3 cents per pound this price immediately tempted everyone Uncle Chen was the first to buy grain and the other neighbors followed suit the 50 g of sweet potatoes sold out quickly and smiles finally returned to everyone's faces taking advantage of the pleasant atmosphere Li Fuching brought up the renovation turning any potential impact into a favor in advance afterwards he delivered millet eggs and cabbage to his second aunt's house as food for the construction team the ration of 6 ounces of grain per person was considered a high standard of treatment upon learning this the construction team worked even harder after the renovations officially began Li Fuching went to a state run restaurant for a meal he wasn't going to lower his quality of life to save money the restaurant service remained lukewarm but he didn't mind meanwhile the construction crew raved about the food and were full of energy in the afternoon the third uncle delivered the parts after confirming that everything was correct Li Fuching directly offered a pound of fatty meat as payment the third uncle's mouth watered at the sight just as they were about to leave Li Dali and his group arrived they were injured but they were carrying a precious cicadae Li Fuqing immediately inquired about the whereabouts of the Antlers upon learning that they were still in the village he immediately realized that this deal was of even greater value the group clearly stated that they wanted to exchange sweet potatoes for grain Li Fucheng then proposed exchanging them for potatoes and asked them to take the water pump and drill rod back to the village on their way after arranging everything Li Fucheng carried the sycamore towards the steel rolling mill he had become an important hub connecting urban and rural resources the gatekeeper saw Li Fushin carrying his prey and let him through immediately on the other hand the purchasing agent Wu Weidong returned empty handed and the difference between the two was obvious Wu Weidong looked on with envy when he saw Li Fuching bring back more supplies in the procurement department whoever could get resources had the power Li Fushin didn't make a fuss only whispering that he had brought back a deer and asking Wu Weidong to help call the section chief over upon hearing this Wu Weidong's eyes widened instantly and he immediately ran to report it this level of achievement was already a major accomplishment for the purchasing department upon hearing the news Li Wibin rushed out of his office seeing the syricard he couldn't hide his joy and valued Li Fuching even more weighing and registration were completed quickly the final settlement amount reached 135 yuan which even surprised Li Fuching Lee Wibben then announced that Lee Fushing had been officially promoted to a permanent position with such achievements before them no one could find fault with them Li Fuching understood that the greatest significance of becoming a permanent employee was not the salary but the legitimization of his status the radio tickets he subsequently received also represented an improvement in his position after leaving the steel mill he released another 4,000 gene of potatoes and added an extra 1,000 gene to further solidify his cooperative relationship with the village ledali and the others were even more impressed when they saw the increased quantity even the tricycles were borrowed with the help of the section chief after arranging the transportation Li Fuching prepared to return to the village he brought wine cloth brown sugar fine rice and milk each item carefully selected by the time they caught up with the transport team the group was exhausted Lee Fushing pulled out a steaming hot meat bun instantly drawing everyone's attention each person received two meat buns and some people couldn't bear to finish them all so they specially saved one to take home to their families back in the village the potatoes were taken directly to the canteen Li Fuching went to his grandparents house and saw his grandmother secretly processing wild vegetables he didn't expose him but simply greeted him naturally when the fabric was taken out the old man was clearly stunned Li Fuching distributed the fabric to his family to make clothes and also took special care of several children then he deliberately brought up the matter of making Zhongshan suits to change the subject the old man's eyes lit up when the wine was brought out the milk and brown sugar brought the elderly couple even greater joy Li Fuqing then proceeded to paint a picture of the future talking about getting married and having a great grandson which made the old man beam with joy after the children ran in he first had them wash their hands then distributed milk to them potatoes in the canteen were piled up like a small mountain looking at the grain in the warehouse finally felt completely at ease with these reserves the village would no longer run out of food before the harvest ledali brought 10 pounds of potatoes home expecting praise but instead received a scolding from his father however seeing his younger siblings happily eating steamed buns he felt it was all worth it the old party secretary arrived at Lefushin's house with the people who were moving the parts and the atmosphere in the courtyard gradually became lively inside the house grandma and yongmei were busy cutting fabric looking at the whole piece of cloth they couldn't hide their smiles Grandma Li kept reminding everyone to make the clothes bigger outside the courtyard Li Fushin was handing out dacium and cigarettes to the people who were helping him seeing all this became increasingly convinced that Li Fushing was reliable when he Learned that Li Fushing had secured his job by selling wild boar he immediately said that he would give him priority in selling game from now on just then the old party secretary noticed the pile of parts and asked what they were for Lee Fushing immediately said they were for drilling a well and that the results would be visible in just over an hour this statement stunned everyone after all digging a well is never an easy task but Lee Fushing seemed confident and composed liudjian and several strong men began drilling the well an hour passed and after drilling to a depth of 6 or 7 meters they still hadn't found water and doubts began to rise from the surrounding area Li Fushin insisted on continuing as the drill rod went deeper suddenly a stream of clear water gushed out from underground and the scene instantly boiled over everyone was excited and some even suggested making the well a public resource for the whole village the old party secretary immediately lowered his voice and Li Fuching made it clear that the well was built on his own land and would only be used by his family and he would not compromise immediately declared that the well belonged to the Li family Old Master Li's words silenced everyone those who had previously suggested communal use dared not utter another word Lee Fushing then instructed everyone to continue drilling firmly establishing the rules after the well reached a depth of 12 meters the groundwater finally began to gush out steadily Lee Fushing then began installing the hand cranked water pump that had been prepared in advance a crowd gathered around to watch as he continued to press the handle the murky well water finally gushed out of the iron pipe the scene instantly erupted in excitement everyone took turns trying out the water pumping method becoming more and more excited as they played because this way of getting water was just too convenient when the old party secretary inquired about the cost Li Fuching quoted a price of 30 yuan and explained the issue of the groundwater level after listening the old party secretary immediately LED his men back to prepare for digging a well just as the courtyard quieted down a man suddenly knelt on the ground saying that the child was dying and urgently needed milk to save his life Li Fuching did not refuse but made it clear that payment was required the man agreed without hesitation because his child's life was more important than anything else after getting the milk the man carried it and ran home meanwhile Wang Hua was also scolded by her aunt for telling others about the milk Li Fushin didn't blame her he just gave Wang Hua a piece of candy and gently reminded her not to talk nonsense in the future Wang Hua nodded with tears in her eyes Wang Kai and Wang Yue standing beside her were incredibly envious their eyes fixed on the piece of candy Li Fuching was about to go out for a walk when his grandmother quickly reminded him to wear a hat afraid that her precious grandson would get sunburnt the three children followed behind barefoot meanwhile Ledayo having bought the milk returned home and immediately locked his bedroom door when the milk was brought out his wife almost burst into tears the child finally calmed down after drinking the milk and the whole family breathed a sigh of relief the village's old well started producing water again but the flow was very small the former village secretary decided to take out 120 yuan to dig four more hand pump wells the money originally intended for buying grain has now been entirely poured into the well drilling project Li Fuqing took on the task and began surveying the village along the way he saw children eating wild jujubes and catching rats to eat which strengthened his resolve to change the status quo when they returned to the village someone was being beaten for talking nonsense old masterly did not stop it clearly setting an example Li Fuching eased the tension with a single sentence and offered a few cigarettes and the matter was quickly resolved when he got home his grandfather asked him if he was hungry Li Fuching decided to cook for the family himself he took out more than a pound of pork and made stir fried pork with garlic sprouts eggs and vegetable soup this meal was considered a luxury by today's standards the aroma filled the yard and the children's eyes widened in delight Li Fuqing simply said there won't be a shortage of food at home from now on Uncle Sam was called back for dinner and he was stunned when he saw the wine and the table full of dishes although the old man was reluctant to part with the wine he still poured some out in the end the children ate until their bellies were round after the meal grandma shared the milk with her third aunt and the family became even closer just then the village chief of Zhao Family Village arrived with his men people were already starving to death in their village upon learning that Ligi Oswayne relied on hunting to exchange for grain village chief Zhao grasped at straws and hurriedly inquired about the specific methods didn't dare to make the decision on his own so he directly asked someone to invite Li Fushing over when Li Fushing arrived he didn't waste any words and directly stated his terms 100 caddies of meat in exchange for 3000 caddies of sweet potatoes village chief Zhao was shocked after hearing this but he understood that this was already a life saving price and he had no right to bargain he agreed on the spot and repeatedly instructed his companions to keep the secret and never reveal the grain exchange channel originally planned to return to the city to replenish his supplies but seeing more and more prey about to arrive he realized that he had become a resource transit point grandma absolutely refused to let him travel at night in her eyes there were too many starving people outside and going out at night was too dangerous after taking a shower suddenly felt that his home was in poor condition and decided to expand the house to improve his living environment at first the old man was reluctant to spend money but as soon as Li Fushin mentioned getting married and having children the old lady immediately gave her full support the old man was quickly persuaded the thought of his great grandchildren running all over the yard in the future made him completely agree night fell plunging the entire village into darkness Li Fuching's only entertainment was continuing to study the Pendigo online marketplace in his mind the next morning the family wouldn't even give him cornbread they replaced it with porridge and eggs the old man even invited the house builders over in advance Li Fuqing offered a pack of decimals cigarettes and then detailed his request for a bathroom and other amenities although everyone was surprised no one questioned it he then went to discuss timber Li Jiming didn't want money he only wanted to exchange it for grain because his family was almost starving Li Fuching offered a price directly one piece of timber in exchange for 15 caddies of potatoes or two caddies of refined rice the other party agreed on the spot then he went to the old party secretary to borrow MUD bricks he distributed peanuts to the children who didn't even want to waste the peanut shells just as he was preparing to go home the people from Zhao Family Village finally arrived they not only dragged in a wild boar but also carried in a large black bear weighing over 200 pounds Chapter 21 what Comrade Fushing got his hands on meat again village chief Zhao how's it going Li Fushing asked village chief Zhao sighed someone has broken an arm the old party secretary was speechless this old guy was crying his eyes out again he was somewhat envious such a large bear could probably be exchanged for a lot of food as for the injured just give them more compensation when hunting in the mountains it's inevitable that there will be deaths and injuries if there were no danger they would have gone long ago why would they wait until they run out of food no one died which is already a very good result Li Fuqing lit a cigarette and said this bear is so big I can't take it back by myself I'll have to trouble village chief Zhao to send someone to help deliver it to the steel mill there's a lot of meat this time are you just exchanging it for sweet potatoes village chief Zhao said sweet potatoes will do I'll have them deliver them having enough food is good enough why be picky besides sweet potatoes can be exchanged for even more without delay Li Fuqing immediately rode his bicycle the old party secretary called out from behind him Fuqing don't forget about the hand pump well village chief Zhao standing nearby asked curiously what kind of hand pump well the young man from Ligi Oswayng boasted never heard of it have you it's a kind of well that can easily pump water up we he was halfway through his sentence when he felt a chill behind him turning around he met the old party secretary's gaze the young man quickly said I m going to work then he took off running the old party secretary chuckled don t listen to his nonsense he s been a bit off his mind lately village chief Zhao glanced at his old friend who are you trying to fool now the river in their Zhao village has completely dried up and village chief Zhao is extremely anxious now that he hears that there is a well that can easily pump water how can he let it go Old Lee stop playing games with me even if our Zhao family village digs a well it won't affect your Lee family village right the old party secretary thought about it and realized it made sense forget it I can't explain it to you clearly you should come with me to take a look with that he LED village chief Zhao toward Grand Paul Li Fuqing's house after arriving at Grand Polyfouling's house we first exchanged warm greetings before going to see the so called hand pump well seeing the old party secretary press down a few times and water flow from the well village chief Zhao's eyes widened and his voice trembled with excitement old Lee how do you dig this kind of well how deep do you need to dig it how I asked the old party secretary a series of questions the old party secretary usually fuchsings rhetoric to explain mentioning things like groundwater Old Lee you're really getting senile village chief Zhao suddenly said with great distress the old party secretary was stunned am I getting senile village chief Zhao continued don't you know there's a water shortage everywhere haven't you realized the importance of this hand pump well why aren't you reporting this to your superiors what are you thinking if it's reported Comrade Fushing as the inventor will definitely receive a reward and might even be recognized as an outstanding individual why not report it the old party secretary suddenly realized oh I forgot about that the main reason was that they didn't expect this to bring such great benefits to Li Fuching let's go and report it now village chief Zhao is anxious the village is waiting for water if this is reported the higher authorities will definitely require the relevant units to immediately produce parts for these hand pump wells and then distribute them to all communes and villages first explained the situation to Grand Polly Fushing and sought his opinion when Grand Polly heard that his eldest grandson might receive an award and perhaps even be recognized as an outstanding individual how could he possibly disagree in this era where dedication is Paramount individual excellence is a great honor old masterly felt that his family's ancestral graves were emitting auspicious smoke then hurry up and go what kind of party secretary are you you have no sense of responsibility at all old masterly scolded if it weren't for village chief Zhao his grandson would have missed out on this honor how could he not be angry the old party secretary was very frustrated this old man relying on his seniority even scolded him at this time Li Fuching was completely unaware of this he went straight to the steel rolling mill and found his direct supervisor Li Wenbin section chief would you like some wild game Lee Wynbin who was smoking choked on a puff of smoke and coughed violently what more wild game of course we need it you know our factory situation Lee Wynbin quickly stubbed out his cigarette and stood up this kid has only been gone for two days and he's already brought meat back to the factory he's really something if any other purchasing agent were as capable as Li Fuxing he would have been promoted to section chief by now right fortunately when Li Fuxing joined the company he was assigned to their 6th Division Li Wenbin secretly rejoiced the other colleagues in the office were all dumbfounded isn't that outrageous how come you always seem to have all the good things happen to you they went out to buy eggs but they couldn't even find a few they were ashamed just thinking about it a wild boar weighing about 100 pounds and a bear weighing over 200 pounds section chief you know the countryside is in dire straits right now the villagers have no choice but to risk going up the mountain this time they encountered a bear and some even had their arms broken when we make the acquisition we have to be generous and not let them suffer a loss right Li Fushin tried his best to negotiate a higher price a bear weighing over 200 pounds everyone inside was taken aback a broken arm is a good thing everyone should be grateful no one died bears are not just about meat bear skin bear gallbladders and bear paws are all valuable items so you can't just calculate the cost of the meat fushing don't worry about that I'll go find Section Chief Wong right away after saying that Li Wenbin quickly left and walked towards Section Chief Wong's office as soon as he left the office erupted in excitement his colleagues surrounded Li Fushing showering him with praise Li Fushing got his hands on meat and as fellow members of the 6th Division of the 5th Department they felt it was a great honor Lee Wenbin rushed into Section Chief Wong's office in a flurry of activity section chief section chief Wang was drinking tea when his office door was suddenly pushed open somewhat displeased he frowned and said can't you knock before coming in get out knock again before you come in Li Wenbin realized he had lost his composure so he went outside closed the door and knocked again come in Li Wenbin then pushed open the door and went in saying section chief do you want some wild game isn't that obvious which factory doesn't need meat these days what kind of wild game did your people get this time pheasant or rabbit section chief Wong tossed a cigarette to Lee Wendon section chief you're underestimating US 6th Division this time Fuchsing managed to bring out a wild boar weighing over 50 kilograms and a bear weighing over 100 kilograms hey Section chief where are you going Section Chief Wong stood up abruptly and was about to leave nonsense go check on the wild boars and bears this leaf fooshing from your 6th division is really something said section chief Wang he's only been working here a few days and he's already managed to get meat for the factory several times wild boar deer bear each one more exaggerated than the last he ended up becoming a meat purchasing specialist if all the other employees were this capable would the factory ever have trouble making ends meet wouldn't his position as section chief warrant another promotion Lee Wibben LED section chief Wong back to the office in Lioguo hearing the noise inside which was as loud as a market he coughed a few times at the door to remind them to be careful the office immediately fell silent the crowd greeted Chapter 22 rewarding radio tickets instantly buying soybean oil section chief Wong walked in smiling as he said to leave fooshing good lad you deserve another big credit where are the wild boar and the bear Lee Wenbin just told me that someone got injured while hunting bears don't worry the factory will definitely not treat our farmers unfairly section chief I rode my bicycle back first and the wild boar and bear arrived shortly after upon hearing this everyone immediately tensed up fouching how could you be so foolish come back together what if we get intercepted on the way Lee Wibben sighed probably not in truth Lee Fouching thought to definitely not how could that not be don't you know other factories eyes light up when they see meat if they offer a higher price than you promised our factory won't be able to get it you should go and check it out Li Wenbin quickly said he's in a hurry now even a pig can cause a rival factory to turn against you you've got a really big heart kid that's why they're young they clearly lack social experience section chief Wang also said yes fushing we can't do that again they then waited together at the factory gate and soon the people from Zhao Family Village arrived seeing the oxcart behind them carrying goods covered with straw mats everyone breathed a sigh of relief section chief Wong stepped forward to offer cigarettes comrade you've worked hard Li Fuqing said you two take care of the bear and the wild boar first I'll take them to the canteen for a meal section chief Wong also heard someone's stomach growling and replied okay go ahead and take good care of these comrades make sure they have enough to eat he instructed his men to carry the wild boar and bear inside for processing Li Fuqing brought the people from Zhao Family Village to the canteen and explained the situation to the staff the staff quickly took out the freshly steamed buns eat more the sweet potatoes we got this time are definitely too big for your ox cart to carry I'll go and talk to them and see if we can arrange a cart to send them back the villager in the lead ate heartily and nodded good the village chief instructed us to just listen to Li Fushin and not to ask any more questions they had weighed the wild boar and the bear themselves and although it wasn't the net weight they had a good idea of the exact weight besides Li Fushin was from Ligi Oswayng so they could find him if anything happened which put them at ease they hadn't eaten steamed buns in a long time and they all wolfed them down then went home full if they weren't forbidden from doing so they would have liked to keep some to take home taking advantage of this free time Li Fuching went to the workshop found Uncle San and gave him 120 yuan from Ligi Oswayng asking him to help make four more sets of the previous parts third uncle let's do it the old way Li Fushing said the third uncle nodded alright I'll tell Old Sunday everyone wants an opportunity to earn extra money old son had previously told him that if there were any more good opportunities like that he should remember to include him Li Fushing then went to the scene where the wild boar and bear were being dealt with as expected the scene was crowded with people all from their purchasing department the bears and wild boars have already been dealt with Lee Wibben waved to him Lee Fushing strode over section chief Wong smiled and nodded then introduced him to the middle aged man standing on his left fushing this is Director Kai from our purchasing department your radio ticket was given to you by Director Kai Li Fushin hurriedly greeted Director Kai thank you so much for the radio ticket I was just about to buy one I was only missing the radio ticket this is his direct superior Director Kai with his refined and scholarly demeanor sized up Li Fuching and said good lad you've brought honor to our purchasing department the radio voucher is well deserved keep up the good work and strive for another promotion within 6 months yes please rest assured Director Kai I will definitely work hard when your boss asks you to work hard what can you do besides agree Li Fuching is no fool he frequently argues with his superiors which is incredibly stupid although in this day and age it is difficult for even a factory director to fire someone as long as there is no mistake he is still a leader if you don't treat him as an official it is normal for him to make things difficult for you after the butchers processed the wild boar and bear they weighed them the wild boar weighs 425 kilograms and the bear weighs 145 kilograms but the bear is not only counted as meat bear gallbladders and bear paws are also charged separately Director Kai has already made arrangements he plans to take the bear bile with him and give it away the craftsman has already removed the bear bile the quality is not bad it can barely be considered iron bile Director Kai took out 110 yuan gave it to Li Fushin and then took the bear bile and bear paws away neither bear bile nor bear paws were registered instead Li Fushin was paid 70 yuan for bear bile 8 yuan for the fore leg and 12 yuan for the hind paw as for the wild boar meat Lee Wibben had his master cut off 5 kg of it which he wanted to take back to the company to share with his subordinates the money would also go to Li Fushing the portion taken away will not be registered in the warehouse Li Fushing sighed inwardly it's true if you don't take it and I don't take it how will the specialist take it however he didn't lose anything so he didn't meddle in other people's business that's not bad at least they paid the money so it wasn't a complete waste after calculating a bear cost 380 yuan and a wild boar cost 114 yuan Li Fuching earned a total of 494 yuan which was quite a large sum of money fouching I know you want to improve but don't push yourself too hard safety should be your priority when you're out in the future Lee Wenbin patted Lee Fouching on the shoulder Lee Fushing was filled with questions I don't even know why I want to improve okay section chief I'll be going now Lee Wibben said wait a minute there's still a pound of meat for you Lee Fushing waved his hand no need you can keep it section chief I also took two wild rabbits upon hearing that he had left two wild rabbits Li Wenbin no longer stood on ceremony and prepared to take the portion of meat he had left for Li Fushin with him after leaving the steel rolling mill Li Fushin pondered how many sweet potatoes to give to Zhao Jihe Wang as he had earned nearly 500 yuan this time he suddenly remembered that he hadn't checked the 1 cent flash sale section for today Li Fuching immediately went to Pendiduo and found that today's one cent special was 10 caddies of soybean oil so he bought it without hesitation soybean oil is also a good thing especially in these times when oil and water are scarce the 10 pounds of soybean oil were divided into two buckets each containing 5 pounds which is quite thoughtful there are quite a few things I need to buy this time when I go back to the village we need to bring a bucket of soybean oil and another 30 catties of millet for the people building the house we'll bring a few catties of pork ribs but too much won't be good and they'll spoil easily in this hot weather since we don't have a refrigerator in this day and age even if the meat tastes a little off everyone still eats it without much concern for its quality after making his plans Li Fuching prepared to go back but suddenly slapped his forehead and turned his bicycle around again go buy a radio he intended to use that radio ticket to buy a radio for his grandparents as for his own home he planned to go to the store he had entrusted to take a look before I transmigrated the protagonists in the novels I read always went to commission shops to find luxury goods that they could buy without tickets he first went to the department store to buy a new radio the department store nowadays has three floors the first floor sells daily necessities and tobacco and alcohol products the second floor sells clothing and fabrics the third floor sells valuable and high end items such as radios and watches Chapter 23 peony brand radio a gift for Grandpa the sales clerks at the department store were incredibly arrogant comparable to those at state run restaurants Li Fuching didn't look at anything and went straight to the third floor arriving at the radio counter he placed the radio ticket and 100 yen on the counter comrade please get me a P amp E brand radio and some batteries the salesperson was a little surprised you bought it so quickly a radio is a big purchase costing 100 you on many people hesitate and look around and sometimes they get angry because of this are you sure you want the peony brand Li Fushin laughed and said isn't the peony brand good what are you saying of course it's good then let's go with the peony brand wow it's quite rare to buy a radio like this after the salesperson took the radio ticket and counted the money he gave Li Fuching a Peugeot brand radio and a few batteries without further ado Li Fuching took the radio and batteries and left the department store heading to the consignment shop the so called consignment shops were actually the old pawn shops mainly used for emergency relief the room contained a wide variety of items which were not arranged neatly creating an overall somber and gray atmosphere Li Fuqing's place was the largest and most famous in Beijing after looking around his eyes settled on a radio in good condition it was a Red Lantern brand without saying a word he took out 90 yuan to buy it he put the radio on his bicycle and then set off was unaware that a group of people had arrived in Ligi Oswayng specifically targeting his hand pump well after village chief Zhao and his team reported this it immediately alerted the relevant leaders who rushed to Ligi Oswayng to verify the facts when they were almost at the entrance of Zhao Family Village Li Fuxing found a quiet spot and put out the sweet potatoes and sorghum which he had bought on the way and put in his Pendido backpack a total of 4,500 kg of sweet potatoes and 250 kg of sorghum as previously agreed 50 kg of meat would be exchanged for 1,500 kg of sweet potatoes the wild boar and bear together weighed a little over 150 kilograms so Li Fuching gave an extra 250 kilograms of sorghum Lee Fushing spent only about 100 yuan on these items at Penduoduo it's not that Lee Fushing wanted to be a heartless and unscrupulous businessman but these things are already quite outrageous in this era nearly 5,000 kilograms of grain although most of them are sweet potatoes how can an ordinary person get so many if Li Fuching hadn't been a purchasing agent at the steel rolling mill he wouldn't have been able to do it this way hundreds of bags of grain were piled up to one side which looked quite impressive not far away village chief Zhao arrived at the village entrance with his men and asked he said he would have the steel Mills truck deliver it back yes he said it himself that's fine then before village chief Zhao could finish speaking Li Fushin emerged from around the corner village chief Zhao over here the factory's trucks have to go on a mission so they're unloading their stuff here upon hearing Li Fuching's words village chief Zhao and the others walked towards him with delighted expressions seeing the grain piled up like a small Mountain Village Chief Zhao and the others were overjoyed that's no big deal the factory is big so it's understandable that there are many tasks village chief Zhao said with a smile there were a total of 4,500 kilograms of sweet potatoes and 250 kilograms of sorghum I told the leader that someone in our village was injured while hunting a bear and the leader gave us the amount we said we should village chief Zhao nodded his voice trembling with excitement Comrade Fushing on behalf of all the villagers of Zhao Family Village I would like to express my gratitude to you this grain is extremely important to our village they themselves understood that the likelihood of receiving the agreed upon amount was not very high but now they've received so much enough to save many lives village chief Xiao you're too kind you're also supporting our steel mill so we're helping each other out if there's nothing else I'll head back now alright you'd better hurry back the communist leaders went to your house to check the hand pump well village chief Xiao said hastily Li Fushin was taken aback and rode off on his bicycle although I knew that the well would eventually become known and play a significant role I didn't expect it to happen so soon as village chief Zhao watched Li Fushings retreating figure he felt a pang of envy for Li Family Village with such a capable young man no one in Li Family Village would ever starve move back right away you know what to say right everyone knows village chief move them all to the brigade canteen's warehouse village chief shall instruct it the village will definitely provide compensation to the villager who injured his arm actually the injury wasn't serious he should recover in two or three months the old party secretary of Lizabeth Wang was right village chief Zhao was indeed intentionally playing the victim the villagers of Zhejiang were all working hard and some could carry two bags at a time the crisis of food shortage has finally passed when Li Fuxing returned to Lizabeth Wang before he even entered the house his grandfather said to him fouching the communist leaders have brought people to our house to inspect the hand pump well and there's some kind of professor too you should hurry over to the old party secretary they're receiving them don't worry Grandpa let me move my things inside first why did you bring so much stuff how can we possibly finish all of this only then did Grandpa le notice the bicycle was packed full of things it has to be said that modern bicycles are of good quality carrying two or 300 pounds of weight is no problem at all these potatoes and rice belong to the Kai's family Grandpa you can have the Kai and the others come and take them back later this is soybean oil you need to be generous with the oil when you cook your grandson can get some these ribs are all chopped up Grandpa you can put them in the kitchen Grandpa Lee was a little confused you can't do this when you move he quickly carried the ribs to the kitchen afraid of being seen and whispered wife hurry up and go out to help me get these things we can't let others see all these good things they'll get jealous Li Fushin walked into the house with tofu in his left hand and millet in his right he had bought the tofu from Pinduoduo Grandma also came out of the house at this time and was surprised to see so many things are they planning to move back to the village are they leaving the city revival Grandpa quickly interrupted her don't talk yet move the things grandma immediately realized what was happening the elderly couple finally breathed a sigh of relief after they had moved all their belongings inside and put them away Grandpa and grandma you don't need to be nervous your grandson is a purchasing agent for the steel mill today he brought the mill a wild boar and a bear he has done a great job the factory not only gave me a reward but also allowed me to buy a block of tofu and some millet Li Fuching said having found a reason sure enough when Grandpa Lee and Grand Mali heard this they both thought it made perfect sense grandma smiled her eyes narrowed the benefits at the steel rolling mill are really good Li Fuqing put batteries in the radio and handed it to Grandpa Lee Grandpa this is a radio voucher given to me by Director Kai of our department I bought you one so you can listen to it to relieve your boredom Old Master Lee was stunned his grandson bought him a radio Old Master Lee's eyes reddened and he almost cried grandma pushed the radio to her grandson fooshing you can keep it your place is being renovated so you need a decent piece of furniture your grandfather doesn't need that he can just go to the village and chat to pass the time yes Grandpa doesn't need it Old Master Lee also came to his senses Chapter 24 the leader's characterization Comrade Shao Lee's great contribution he was already very grateful that his grandson had such a kind heart and then there's that bastard son of his he's been working for so many years and I've never bought him anything big it's like I've raised him for nothing all those years grandma I've prepared one too look this is what I bought from the consignment store no ticket needed Li Fuching said taking out his radio to show his grandparents Grandpa you can keep this one when Grand Polly saw that his beloved grandson also had one he took the radio with a big smile on his face he examined and touched the radio carefully treating it like a precious treasure fushing are you hungry grandma will cook for you no need grandma you rest and wait for me to come back and do it you can just wait to enjoy your retirement Lee Fushing said with a smile Grandma Lee clearly loved hearing this and she couldn't stop smiling okay I'll head over now Li Fuching then went outside and walked towards the old party secretary at that moment a group of people with the old party secretary were having a heated discussion Professor Le is it feasible to promote those hand pumps on a large scale a man in a Zhongshan suit asked this is a crucial issue according to his understanding many parts of the country are experiencing large scale droughts and the situation is far from optimistic barring unforeseen circumstances domestic grain production this year is expected to decline significantly he had already tested the hand pump well although the water output wasn't large the water quality was acceptable and it was worth promoting now he needed more professional analysis and opinions so he could report it to his superiors just as Professor Lei was about to speak the old party secretary of Ligi Oswayne shouted fushing come in quickly everyone's attention was immediately drawn to the young man who had rushed over the young man next to Professor Lei was a little envious such a wonderful thing as a hand pump well was actually invented by this young man who had never been to university old party secretary strode into the house and greeted the old party secretary warmly the man in the center wearing a Zhongshan suit had a fine pin pinned to his chest and his hair was neatly combed he must be someone of considerable status fushing let me introduce you this is a high ranking leader from Beiping city and this is Professor Le Shuyao the old party secretary introduced the people to Le Fushing one by one Le Fushing maintained a respectful yet assertive attitude shaking hands with each of them in turn hello I heard that Comrade Lee works at the steel rolling mill he's really young and promising the senior leader mentioned by the old party secretary was the first to express his friendly attitude Professor Lexiu also said yes the invention of the hand pump well which is so convenient for drawing water is of great significance in alleviating the drought in our rural areas Li Fucheng quickly said Sir Professor Lei to be honest I didn't invent this hand pump well the old party secretary became anxious as soon as he heard this both the man in the Zhongshan suit and Professor Lei were taken aback didn't you invent it the former party secretary and the brigade leader of Ligi Oswayng just said that you invented it this false reporting of problems is no small matter the young man next to Professor Lei was secretly delighted but said seriously to the old party secretary you lied about who the inventor is you have serious problems with your thinking and the brigade leader were both pale faced Li Fushin looked at the young man who had spoken from the moment he entered the room he had sensed a hint of hostility from him what accusations are you making baseless Li Fushin questioned Professor Le Shuoyo frowned and said in a more serious tone Sha Bai watch your words the man in the Zhongshan suit smiled gently don't argue let Comrade Lee continue and the brigade leader both breathed a sigh of relief and gave the young man a rather unfriendly look the young man's face flushed red and his hostility towards Li Fuching deepened Li Fuching glanced at him indifferently not taking him to heart this kind of self important arrogant and incompetent person is good for nothing except being jealous of others he looked away and said to the man in the Zhongshan suit sir actually hand pumps appeared in my country during the Song Dynasty however the hand pumps of that time were a little different from the one I built but the principle was the same I stumbled upon a related record in a book and found it quite interesting so in my spare time I pondered it and made some improvements which resulted in the hand pump while you see today this time it's been made clear Professor Le Shu Yue not only did not look down on Li Fushin but actually admired him Li Fushin had come prepared and took out the drawings he had made earlier look this is my improved design his explanation included some technical terms such as groundwater level and atmospheric pressure and he even cited some data to support his conclusions making them clearer and more credible comrade Lee you are a genius it's a waste of your talent to work in a steel mill why don't you come to our university for further studies Professor Le Shu Yao immediately extended an Olive Branch Li Fushin shook his head thank you for your kind offer Professor Le but I am very satisfied with my current life and can only decline your offer going to university makes it inconvenient to handle supplies and will also slow down the upgrade of Pinduoduo the important thing is that he doesn't really like reading and studying and he especially hates taking exams Professor Le Shu Yew felt it was a pity but everyone has their own ambitions so he stopped trying to persuade him the high ranking leader in the Zhongshan suit also spoke up although this hand pump well dates back to the Song Dynasty Comrade Le it is a great achievement that you were able to find improvements in ancient books these words essentially define the situation Li Fuching deserves all the credit he then listened to Li Fuching's suggestions and ideas on the large scale promotion of hand pump wells and the utilization of groundwater combined with Professor Lay's analysis he had a clear understanding of the situation he then decided not to linger and to hurry back to the city to report to his superiors the drought is severe across the country and there is no time to lose Professor Lexiu Yao also left his address with Li Fushing telling him that he could contact him any time if he changed his mind as for that classmate Xiao Bai he will keep his distance from him in the future he hates people like that the most Professor Lei take care watching Shao Bai's retreating figure the captain angrily kicked the stool hard I better not run into this kind of scum again or I'll beat him every time I see him the old party secretary nodded this time we almost got into serious trouble I've already commissioned the factory to make the parts for the hand pump well it should take two or three days lefouching said okay I'll have Dolly and the others bring it back then this kind of physically demanding work should not be troubled by lefouching thank you fushing the captain said if it weren't for li fushing their village would probably be starving right now there's still a long time before the harvest and they don't know how they'd survive Li Fuqing took out a cigarette and offered it to everyone saying you're too kind captain I'm also from ligiazwayng yes we're all from the same village the brigade leader and his men were very pleased you know some people once they moved to the city almost completely cut off contact with their hometown in the countryside especially with their poor relatives but Li Fuching didn't do that instead he did his best to help his fellow villagers back home Chapter 25 grandson you eat the meat let Wonkai and the others gnaw on the bones I'm not going to say anything more I still have to build a house I'm busy Li Fushin prepared to slip away okay then you go ahead and get busy if you need any help just let us know don't hesitate to ask after watching Li Fushing walk away the old party secretary said to the people present with a serious expression I don't want to hear any gossip about fushing in the village if I find out you will bear the consequences old party secretary don't worry no matter what happens to fuxingjia we won't be envious yes uncle 21 has given my son plenty of food as soon as Li Fushin arrived home he saw Li Dachai carrying a log towards him Grand Polly directed put them here arrange them properly after Dachai finished setting up the wood Li Fushin said come inside have a drink of water smoke a cigarette and rest later I'll take your potatoes and rice with me ledochai was initially quite polite but upon hearing that there were cigarettes in his own family's grain he immediately said thank you uncle 21 I was incredibly happy Li Fuching took out his dacium and cigarettes and seeing that there were only three left gave them all to Li Dacai Lida grinned foolishly scratching his messy hair after entering the house Li Dacai said Uncle 21 great aunt we won't drink any water Li Fushin pointed to two bags of grain beside him these two bags are it Li Dakai nodded stretched his limbs and then stepped forward to lift the potato onto his shoulder 120 pounds of potatoes but it looks like it was done very easily it has to be said that people nowadays are all quite strong while many people in later generations are unable to carry heavy loads or lift heavy objects they can only run a few hundred meters before they are out of breath as if they have lost half their life uncle 21 please help me with that bag before he could finish speaking Li Fuching interrupted him can't you make another trip the potatoes won't keep if they fall furthermore there's a reason why someone wouldn't grow taller if they were weighed down by something so heavy Li Dakai was scolded but didn't dare to say anything he could only carry the potatoes back home first he walked to the front door and called out dad I brought the potatoes back the rice is still with uncle 21 Li Jiming quickly came out to greet them and said with a smile okay put it in quickly and you can go back later after putting the potatoes down he couldn't wait to open the package and grabbed a few to look at he found that they were all quite large and undamaged that's so fair he suddenly caught a glimpse of the decanter and cigarettes in his son's pocket out of the corner of his eye reached out and pulled them out seeing that there were three he took one out and put it in his mouth without saying a word father this is me what it's a gift from me to you Ledochai said feeling wronged when he saw leishoming glaring at him that's more like it Ledochai's younger brother has already gone to his maternal grandfather's house to persuade the two elderly people after all the sweet potatoes were moved into the canteen warehouse in Zhao Family Village village Chief Zhao waved his hand and said let's cook almost everyone in the village was too hungry to move send 15 kilograms to Chengji's Family Village Chief Zhao then instructed chengji had broken his arm and the 15 kilograms of sweet potatoes were the village's compensation that was all they could offer besides chengjinah village chief Zhao arranged for more than 10 additional portions each weighing 5 kg to be delivered to the families of those who were starving to death in order to prevent the tragedy from happening again yesterday an elderly man in his 70s starved to death he went on a hunger strike so that he could leave a few bites of food for his children Zhao enjoys high prestige in Zhao Family Village and no one dares to object to his arrangement at least not on the surface the aroma of sweet potatoes soon filled the canteen of Zhao Family Village and villagers lined up there when they saw the sweet potatoes ready to be cooked happy smiles appeared on their faces throughout history ordinary people in China have been easily satisfied as long as they have enough to eat they are content dad can we eat now a starving skin and bones child asked impatiently the thin middle aged man nodded eat slowly don't burn your mouth the villagers ate sweet potatoes in the canteen without peeling them and the scene finally showed some signs of life at lefushings home Mrs Lee was washing rice preparing to cook millet porridge while lefushings took out half of the pork ribs to soak planning to stew them today as usual Wan Kai and his two siblings surroundedly fussing helping to add firewood and start the fire Liechtenstein LED a group of people to find stones but not just any stones can be used as a foundation they brought back a batch and piled them up in the open space in Li Fushin's yard everyone take a break eat first and we'll continue this afternoon Li Fushin called out everyone's stomachs were already rumbling from the aroma of millet go home and get a bowl Liechtenstein instructed in rural areas there are no spare bowls no matter how old or worn a bowl is it has to be patched up and used again yes it's about mending bowls something many people in later generations probably don't know clothes can be patched so can bowls at that time there were people who specialized in mending bowls and used special methods to repair them the crowd immediately dispersed and ran home to get their bowls the rice was millet rice and the vegetables were Chinese cabbage stewed with lard although there was no meat it was still very fragrant Li Fuching was in charge of serving the food he gave each person three scoops of millet rice and one scoop of cabbage filling a large bowl the bowls these days were huge you could bury your face in them some people only ate half of it are you full the man chuckled this isn't enough to fill you up keep some to take back for the children Li Fushing laughed and said eat up and get another bowl after you're done everyone who worked was very grateful thinking that they should put in more effort and hard work to make sure Li Fushing got a good meal so as not to disappoint him Li Jichuan said fo shing only you can let them eat like this not to mention the millet rice there was also Chinese cabbage topped with a layer of lard pouring it over the millet rice made it so fragrant you'd fall over no wonder these guys wanted to save some to take back for their kids we can't let everyone work on an empty stomach after everyone ate one bowl they didn't touch the second one after thankingly fussing they immediately took the bowl home Li Jichun did the same after arriving home he called his wife and children over gave each of them a little and prepared to take the remaining half bowl to his parents the children licked the lard out of the bowl mom the lard smells so good Liechtenstein's wife said helplessly it's no longer as fragrant in fuxing daffing how could they hire people to do work provide them with meals and even let them take them home Li Fuching was also eating it this time he put two large ribs on his grandparents plates while he gnawed on some tougher pieces himself he liked to eat this kind of meat close to the bone he was starting to miss the steamed pork ribs and plum pork ribs from his past life in the eyes of grandparents and others this became a manifestation of respecting the elderly and caring for the young giving all the meat to grandparents younger siblings and other family members isn't that respecting the elderly fussing you eat more meat and let Wong Kai and the others gnaw on the bones and he said these days it's good enough to have bones to eat why would you want to eat meat Grandpa Lee also had a couple of drinks and would occasionally turn on the radio to listen to a bit of music he was living a very enjoyable life who could afford to live like that my own grandson is really capable the hand pump well in the yard was enough to make the villagers envious not to mention anything else now whenever he goes out many people praise Fuchsin for being filial sensible and capable which pleases old masterly greatly Chapter 26 who moved my box my dear grandson it's all right now after finishing his meal Grandpa Lee planned to take a stroll around the village everyone needs to know that his beloved grandson even bought him a radio a reward from the steel mill director uncle is this radio good ledajuan asked staring longingly at the radio on the table before this only the village head's family had one and villagers had to gather in the village head's yard at night to listen to it now not only does his nephew's family have one but his uncle's family also has one one family has two radios who can compare it would be great if he could take it out for a walk of course it sounds good said Grand Polly Lee Djuan couldn't help but exclaim fushing is truly willing to make sacrifices he had heard that although the radio ticket for Old Master Lee was a reward from the steel mill leaders it still cost more than 100 yuan that's over 100 his family couldn't scrape together that much money even if they sold everything they owned even if they did he wouldn't be willing to spend it on a radio but his nephew bought it for his grandfather without saying a word eat your food properly why are you talking about the radio grandma couldn't stand Grandpa Lee's smugness wasn't that radio bought by her precious grandson without her precious grandson let alone a radio they wouldn't even have enough to eat grandpali chuckled took another bite of the rib and slowly began to eat Li Fushin watched everyone eating the ribs with great admiration they gnawed them so cleanly that even a dog couldn't get any meat out and they even chewed up and ate some of the small bones the most impressive one was Uncle 3 he gnawed on the bones until they were shiny they gnawed the least cleanly spitting out bones of all sizes if someone else ate like that they would have been scolded long ago and they would have been forced to pick up the bone and keep eating old masterly couldn't sit still so he got up and went out for a stroll in his words he was going out to digest his food but everyone knew his true intentions but they didn't say it out of respect for him Wang Kai and his two siblings also ran out ready to catch the rat not wanting the other villagers to get there first Yongmei went home and continued making clothes Li Fuching fell a little sleepy in his previous life he had a habit of taking a nap so he went back to his room and lay down when he woke up he saw his grandmother fanning him fushing you're awake go back to sleep a little longer grandma smiled kindly grandma you don't need to worry about me just go and rest Li fushing said helplessly I glanced at the time and realized I'd only slept for about half an hour which wasn't quite enough but I went to bed early last night and my sleep schedule is quite regular so I don't need to nap for too long in fact for people who have a habit of taking a nap even a short nap of 10 minutes or so will make them feel very energetic grandma isn't sleepy grandmali said with a smile older people naturally need less sleep but they simply don't have as much energy as younger people after getting up Li Fuching washed his face and prepared to dig some fine sand to buy some soybeans to sprout bean sprouts can be soaked in water or in sand but Li Fuching prefers those soaked in sand because they taste better sprouting beans in sand is not difficult simply bury soybeans in fine sand place them in a dark spot water them daily to keep the sand moist and they will sprout in just a few days when grandma saw her grandson take out soybeans she quickly asked if he was hungry in Grandma's eyes you're always hungry Li Fuqing smiled helplessly and said grandma I'm not hungry I just want to sprout some bean sprouts I'll go dig up some fine sand later want some bean sprouts okay let's make some grandma will have Won Kai and the others dig up some fine sand Grandma Lee always obeyed her grandsons every word if Grandpa Lee wanted to sprout bean sprouts he would definitely get a good scolding from her Won Kai Won Kai Old Mrs Lee shouted loudly towards the outside Li Fushin didn't stop them anyway digging sand wasn't tiring so it was good to let Won Kai and the others do it so they wouldn't run around and jump around hearing the noise Won Kai ran back with his younger siblings when they heard their aunt tell them to dig some fine sand they immediately grabbed their tools and went three people went there and a group of children came back they dug up a huge pile of fine sand Lee Fushing bought a pack of White Rabbit milk candy on Pinduoduo one you on each no fighting or you won't get any later Lee Fushing told the children the children were very obedient lining up in front of Lee Fushing to lead the way all grinning from ear to ear eat it quickly don't take it home leifushin said to the little girls in those days the preference for sons over daughters was very common if a little girl brought candy home it was very likely that it would be taken away so leifushin told them to eat it quickly he had heard before that the little girls didn't get to eat much of the peanuts and candy he gave out almost all children would hold the candy in their mouths reluctant to chew it they licked the candy wrappers several times but still couldn't bear to throw them away candy wrappers were a favorite among children much like cigarette cards in later generations a little guy accidentally swallowed a candy he was stunned for a moment and then he burst into tears Li Fuqing was speechless for a moment but he didn't give him any more otherwise it wouldn't be fair to the other children so what if you swallowed it it's all gone into your stomach now isn't it stop crying or I won't give you any next time the little guy immediately stopped crying showing remarkable composure if it weren't for his still red eyes and tear stains on his face Li Fushin would have suspected that he was faking it alright go have fun everyone Li Fuching spread fine sand on the open ground sprinkled soybeans on top then added another layer of fine sand and poured water on top after it was thoroughly watered he covered it with a wooden box all done as soon as he got back into the house his grandmother made him some sugar water and told him to drink it quickly before I had even finished drinking I heard my grandfather's furious voice come in who threw my suitcase in the yard Li Fushin choked grandma why didn't you say so sooner Grand Mali glared at him and retorted your lousy box is only good for covering bean sprouts for my precious grandson what other use is it when grandpali heard that it was his beloved grandson who did it he was shocked they immediately changed their tune hey I've wanted to throw that lousy box away for a long time Li Fushin quickly said Grandpa I'll make you a new one another day and bring it back he didn't realize that nothing in the house is ever truly useless everything has its purpose after Leiji Shin and his men had gathered enough stones they moved the MUD bricks over and piled them aside we'll prepare the materials today and officially start construction tomorrow Grandpa Lee checked the Almanac and said that tomorrow is an auspicious day for breaking ground lefouching originally wanted to treat everyone to another meal but Old Master Lee stopped him saying it wasn't proper they could eat well and be full but they couldn't eat two meals a day when other families hire people to do work they usually provide one meal if you provide two meals you're breaking the rules will they provide one meal or two meals in the future if you pay for one meal people will say you're stingy if you pay for two meals not many families can afford that these days upon hearing this Li Fuqing felt it made a lot of sense I've Learned something new it's true that having an elder in the family is like having a treasure the elderly always have a long term perspective Li Fuching was unaware that in the afternoon a document was issued to his steel rolling mill which was then handed over to Director Lynn after reading the document Director Lynn was very pleased he hadn't expected that the factory had such a talented person he quickly called Director Kai from the logistics department to find out more about the situation Chapter 27 defeating the banana in a flash becoming the other people's child in the compound Lee Fushing he's a good young man although he hasn't been with the company for long he's already managed to purchase meat for our factory several times recently Director Kai praised him generously he was very protective of the capable young people in his department did you know that he improved a type of hand pump well the parts were manufactured in our factory and have been tested they work very well and can greatly alleviate drought in our country the ministry issued a notice requiring us to immediately open a workshop and go all out to produce the parts needed for water pump wells we should issue a commendation to Comrade Lee Fushing and reward him what about Comrade Lee Fushing their steel rolling mill really made a name for itself this time director Kai was stunned is this even possible Li Fuching really gave him a big surprise he also felt very proud this Shaolin he didn't even tell me about such a big thing beforehand I'll ask factory manager it's impossible for him to know the whereabouts of every logistic staff member at all times factory director Lynn was thinking about how to rewardly fooshing although the higher UPS had given him a 300 yuan bonus their steel rolling mill couldn't just leave without making a gesture after a moment's consideration he decided to raise Lee Fushing's grade by one level and give him an extra bonus of some tickets and 100 yuan then the publicity department was notified to carry out commendation and publicity work afterwards director Lynn called a meeting with other senior executives in the factory to discuss matters related to opening a production workshop Lee Wenbin's eyes widened after hearing what section chief Wong said a purchasing agent has started inventing something and the things he comes up with are highly valued by his superiors who have arranged for his factory to prepare for large scale production this is outrageous are you sure you're not kidding Director Kai just told me where Shao Li section chief Wang asked Lee Wenbin composed himself and said he must have gone to the countryside to make purchases we can't exactly say that Li Fushing left work early and skipped work to go home can we okay let me know when he gets back since Li Fushing was not there section chief Wang also left Li Wenbin was unable to calm down for a long time if things continue like this Li Fushin this capable lieutenant may very well leave him he might even rise above him thinking about this he felt he needed to work harder and strive for improvement the three old men in the workshop and Master Son were equally bewildered thinking that their secret had been discovered it's against regulations for them to take on private jobs using the factory's machines if no one checks that's fine but if they are caught they won't be able to explain themselves but the workshop director told them that the factory would set up a special workshop for them to be in charge of producing parts for hand pump wells Uncle Sam and Master Son never expected that they would be promoted because of this incident as for the matter of privately manufacturing parts for Li Fushing no one mentioned it and the factory did not investigate they knew very well that this opportunity was brought about by Li Fushing so Master Son and Uncle Sand decided to forego payment for the parts they were to make and instead work overtime to make the parts that Li Fushing needed the third uncle was also very happy for Lee Fushing he had only been employed for a little over half a month and not only had he become a full time employee but he had also been promoted he was promising the first thing Li Fuching did after opening his eyes the next morning was to check Pendoduo's one cent flash sale section they gave me 10 pounds of bananas today without any hesitation Li Fuching took it for one cent bananas are a great food and although they are grown in my country they're still difficult for ordinary people to eat breakfast was still porridge and eggs after lunch Li Fuqing said to his grandmother grandma I'm going back to the city don't wait for me for lunch okay drive carefully grandma instructed my dear grandson works at a steel mill he can't stay in the village every day Li Fuqing took the two deer Antlers with him and went outside he saw that Li Jichun and others had already started digging the foundation and were working hard he went up to them smoked for a while and then left he first went back to the courtyard house to check on Mr Zhang's construction progress as soon as he entered he ran into an older woman who lived in the front yard she praised him for his abilities saying that he had been promoted one level after only half a month of working at the steel rolling mill what auntie where did you hear that Li Fuching asked in confusion wondering when he had been promoted you don't know your factory even issued a commendation notice your old man said the older woman then explained the whole story to Li Fushing in detail Li Fushing finally understood what was going on those leaders in Zhongshan suits are really efficient Auntie I have two deer Antlers here could you please help me prepare them so I can soak them in liquor here are a few bananas a friend gave them to me please take them home and try them taking out two deer Antlers and six or seven bananas he knew that the old man knew a bit about traditional Chinese medicine and often made his own Chinese herbs so he brought the deer Antlers to ask him to process them an older woman stared wide eyed at the sight of several large bananas she had seen bananas before but she had never seen bananas this good before you're too kind fussing I'll have your uncle help you when he gets back the older woman quickly took the deer Antler and banana when passing by the Zhang family's house Li Fushing gave some peanuts to each of the children who were playing thank you Brother Fushing the women in the courtyard saw this and praised it with smiles upon entering the courtyard Li Fushing saw Master Zhang and his colleagues working diligently so he went over to offer them cigarettes he recently bought a lot of cigarettes but he doesn't smoke much of them himself he gives most of them to others after finishing their cigarettes everyone worked even harder when the women from the middle courtyard saw Li Fushing return they all came forward to greet him they had all bought some sweet potatoes from Li Fushing at a low price earlier which had eased their family's financial difficulties everyone kept this in mind you're the most promising among our institute staff the third aunt praised the news of Li Fushing being praised and rewarded by the steel mill had already spread throughout the courtyard yesterday the young people in the courtyard who were about the same age as Li Fushing were all given a lecture by their families I've always thought Fuchsing was smart since I was a child an older woman chimed in Li Fuching could only smile why does that sound so familiar and even a little jarring good heavens isn't this Jehangirr's poem I can't possibly deserve such praise Li Fuching quickly made a few perfunctory remarks and then changed the subject as he didn't want to be labeled as someone who had been smart since childhood the three women suddenly slapped their foreheads my memory is terrible I almost forgot fuching what you asked for can be done today your third uncle also told you to hurry back to the factory saying that a leader is looking for you she was so envious why couldn't she have given birth to such an outstanding child she has three children the eldest and second eldest are about the same age as leifushin the eldest also works at the steel rolling mill having joined earlier than leifushin but is still an apprentice the second eldest does odd jobs earning only a few cents a day compared to Li Fushing they are worlds apart okay I understand thank you Annie Li Fushing then went to the steel rolling mill on the way he ran into his buddy from the same college Gu Ching Kai the two had studied together and had a pretty good relationship Chapter 28 when you go to someone else's house for a meal you have to bring your own food Gu Cheng Kai looked dishevelled I remember Gu Cheng didn't have a formal job he did odd jobs outside and earned a few cents a day his family was also struggling financially his father lost an arm in a machine accident although the factory provided compensation he was transferred from his original position resulting in a significant decrease in income his mother fell ill and often went to an old man in the front yard to get some traditional Chinese medicine which made the already poor family even worse off his mother even attempted suicide because she didn't want to be a burden on the family Gu Chiang Kai also has two younger sisters the youngest of whom is only 6 years old Chiang Kai didn't you go to work today Li Fushin stopped his bicycle and offered the other man a cigarette Gu Ching Kai was somewhat envious when he saw his childhood friend riding a bicycle to work he took the cigarette and said congratulations fushing I heard you were commended and promoted there wasn't much work to do today you've already finished I really envy you when are you going to treat me to a few drinks seeing his pale face Li fushing sighed inwardly and said alright when I get back from the factory I'll treat you to hot pot upon hearing this Gu Cheng swallowed hard he hadn't tasted meat for more than six months forget about meat they couldn't even get enough cornbread to eat the family was poor but he had nothing to complain about real Li Fushin laughed and said is there any doubt about that when I get back I have some things I want to talk to you about let's invite Qing Yuan along too the three of them were childhood friends but only Li Fuxing was doing well although Gu Cheng didn't have a formal job at least he had something to do after leaving school Qing Yuan became a street urchin I saw him fighting with someone a while ago and he got hurt but didn't dare tell his family Lee Fushing returned to the steel rolling mill and went directly to the purchasing department fushing you've been hiding something haven't you you've even invented something Lee Wenbin saw Lee Fushing went up to him and patted him on the shoulder although he complained everyone could tell he was in a good mood section chief I don't know anything about inventions I came up with that hand pump while purely to make it easier for my grandparents to use water it was just a lucky accident Lee Wibben did not doubt Lee Fushing's explanation he had inquired beforehand and found that Lee Fushing had indeed built the hand pump well for his grandparents but in any case what they produced is very useful especially for the current drought their purchasing department and even their steel rolling mill gained a lot of exposure as a result anyway your commendation has been issued come with me to Section Chief Wong's office then pulled Lee Fushing towards Section Chief Wong's office section chief Wong's attitude was more amiable than before and he took Lee Fushing to see director Kai all right you can go back now section chief Wong said to Lee Wenbin Lee Wenbin pursed his lips are they already abandoning us after we've served our purpose they really only use people when they need them and ignore them when they don't Li Fushiing followed section chief Wong to Director Kai's Office Director Kai specially brewed tea for Li Fushiing but it wasn't good tea it was just tea dust or broken tea leaves in those days of scarcity and supply restrictions even Director Kai himself couldn't afford good tea and he was just as poor as the others Li Fuching repeated his previous explanation of his original intention in building the hand pump well very good young people are quick witted and should think more about things come on let's go to director Lynn's place and collect your reward then director Kai said to section chief Wong that's all for you go back section chief Wong pursed his lips why does this sound so familiar Li Fushing almost burst out laughing upon arriving at Director Lynn's office Director Lynn first exchanged a few pleasantries then affirmed Li Fushing's work and contributions and finally offered a few words of encouragement before distributing Li Fushing's awards this includes the 300 yuan bonus and a certificate of honor as well as rewards from their factory a 100 yuan bonus a thermos and some receipts etc thank you factory director I will definitely continue to work hard and bring honor to our steel rolling mill feigning excitement Director Lynn nodded in satisfaction and then gave Director Kai a few more instructions such as to take good care of young talents like Li Fushing he had heard that a university professor had taken a liking to Li Fushing and invited him to study at the university if they get poached their steel rolling mill will lose face when Li Fuching returned to his office in the 6th Division of the 5th Procurement Department his colleagues all gathered around to congratulate him I'm so envious having only been with the company for half a month Fushing not only became a permanent employee ahead of schedule but also received a promotion making them feel somewhat ashamed however they were not jealous since Lee Fushing had not used any back channels or connections but relied on his own abilities they were promoted ahead of schedule because they managed to purchase meat several times and everyone in their department benefited from it the reason they were promoted one level was because Li Fuching invented the hand pump well if it were them they wouldn't have been able to do it even if they racked their brains fushing aren't you going to treat us someone joked with a laugh this is a big deal so it's only right to treat everyone to a meal besides Li Fushing has never drunk alcohol with them since he joined the company sure does anyone have any suggestions Li Fushing also wanted to get along well with his colleagues and integrate into the environment how about we go to the section chief's place everyone can bring some food with them someone suggested they often did this before who doesn't bring something when they're shopping when they have a get together they all bring something to avoid adding to their own burden Li Wenbin cursed you bunch of bastards all you've got your eyes on are those few bottles of good wine at my house Li Fushin laughed and said how about tonight let's meet at the section chief's place I'll bring a few pounds of meat with me meat how many pounds everyone was speechless for a moment you're really a one man show if it were them they definitely wouldn't do it that way they still have families to live on seeing that Li Fushing seemed unconcerned Li Wenbin nodded and said okay let's have hot pot then bring some cabbage mushrooms and the like let's all enjoy Fushing's hospitality today after making the arrangements Li Fushing had to go home early Li Wenbin didn't even bother to ask those who do purchasing are mostly out and about who stays in the factory all day that's laziness the more they're out in the field the more hard working they are when Li Fuxing returned to the courtyard house he saw Gu Chungkai and Qing Yun waiting at the door when Ching Yuyun heard that his good buddy was treating him to hot pot he came running over without even bothering to fight fushing you're living a good life Uncle Lee left you the house and the bicycle Ching Yuyun said enviously in his eyes Uncle Lee was simply the ideal Father Li Fuching parked his bicycle and said to the two men let's go let's eat and chat aren't you going by bike Li Fuching asked with a smile what I'm riding a bike and you guys are following behind me can't we sit Li Fuching asked how can three people sit one is in front and the other is behind the scene was too beautiful for him to bear these were three grown men if it were girls it would be a bit more daunting the three of them soon arrived at donglishan this is a time honored brand and if you want to eat hot pot in Beijing this is the best choice Chapter 29 my good brother becomes a money making tool in those days of scarcity and widespread hunger Don Lishan still managed to supply mutton all thanks to the teacher's words Don Lishan must be preserved forever with that in mind Don Lishan could rest easy fushing don't laugh at me this is my first time at Donglaishan Qing Yun said me too Gu Chengkai nodded in agreement as soon as they arrived at the door they smelled the aroma of hot pot lamb and their mouths started to water involuntarily there will be plenty of opportunities in the future Li fushing LED them inside and chose a seat by the window Gu Chung and Qin Yuan secretly thought to yourselves you'll have plenty of opportunities to come they were able to come this time purely because of their good buddy hello for caddies of mutton please Li Fushin began to place his order revival that's enough too much three people eating four pounds of mutton more than a pound each how much meat is their family rationed each month and they're used to saving it for holidays and festivals fushing you said you had something to talk to me about this morning what is it guqing asked Ching Yuwen also looked at Li Fushing Li Fushing said in a low voice do you know anything about the black market Guocheng and Qing Yuan were both taken aback why were they suddenly talking about the black market what were they planning to do Qing Yuan said I've been there Guocheng nodded in agreement I have a friend who has connections to get meat grains sugar and the like he's thinking of selling them on the black market are you interested Li Fushing asked without hesitation he was always thinking about how to trade things going there himself would consume a lot of his time and energy and he was already stretched thin so I thought of my two childhood friends Gu Chung and Qing Yuan these two guys grew up with him practically naked so he can trust them aren't childhood friends always just tools for the protagonist in movies TV shows and novels should make good use of such a valuable resource brothers are just for exploiting another reason is that Lee Fushing saw that they were not doing well and their families were in difficulty so he wanted to help them Gu Chung and Qing Yuan exchanged a glance both somewhat tempted it would be a lie to say I wasn't tempted they know their situation well this is their only chance to turn things around although dealing with the black market is risky it's better than what they're like now Qing Yuan is unemployed and suffers mistreatment at home every day even having to be mindful of others attitudes when eating his parents didn't say anything but his sister in law did feeling that he contributed nothing to the family and just ate for free every day if you can make money then the situation is different everyone could see the difficulties Gu Ching si's family faced the reason he worked so hard doing odd jobs was that he wanted to improve his family situation yesterday when his sister told him she was hungry her helpless expression deeply hurt him of course I'm interested how do I do it Ching Yun asked eagerly my friend supplies the goods you are responsible for selling them and you will get a 5% commission if you sell 100 you will get 5 yuan but you must be careful if things go wrong it's better to lose the goods than to get caught and not say anything Li Fuching said carefully then the mutton arrived they ate while discussing some related details seeing that Gu Cheng had stopped eating Li Fuching asked what's wrong are you full Qing Yun saw through Gu Cheng's thoughts want to bring some back for your sister Lee Fushing said eat quickly I'll get some things for both of you when we get back although they were his tools Lee Fushing would still treat them better upon hearing Lee Fushing's words guoching sized chopsticks began to move rapidly again he ate heartily enjoying his meal immensely he had never eaten meat in such large mouthfuls before even when things weren't too difficult their family wouldn't let them eat like that I'm full it smelled so good Ching Yuwen patted his stomach feeling a sense of satisfaction he hadn't felt in a long time look at how pathetic you are Li Fushin joked as long as I work hard I can come here for a meal from time to time and even try peeking duck if you can sell 100 yuan worth of goods a day that's 5 yuan a day you can easily earn close to 100 yuan a month which is more than the wages of most workers in the steel rolling mill of course they couldn't sell that many at first so for safety's sake Li Fushing wouldn't give them that many things for the time being Gu Chung and Qing Yuan ignored Li Fushing's teasing their ambitions were not high being able to eat meat was something many people dreamed of the three returned to the courtyard house Li Fuching first went to his room which was not yet renovated and took out some things 10 catties of sweet potatoes 10 catties of potatoes two catties of dried meat and two catties of bananas these are all prepared for Gu Cheng and Qing Yuan come in and have a seat Gu Cheng and Qing Yuan were both very sensible and did not immediately follow them inside they talked to Zhang and the others who were working only after hearing Li Fuxing's words did they go inside and close the door behind them Fuxing is so much better living in such a big house all by himself Qing Yuan felt like crying when he thought about how he a grown man was still crammed into a small room what are you lamenting about there's still an empty room in our compound I'll help you get it sorted out if I have the chance Li Fushin pointed to the pile of things and said you guys divided up Gu Chung and Qing Yuan were dumbfounded sweet potatoes potatoes dried meat and bananas there were even bananas as for Li Fuqing's offer to help him sort out the house they pretended not to hear it it wasn't that the house wasn't important on the contrary it was far too important they didn't dare to hope that Li Fuxing would help them nor did they have the face to do so Li Fuxing isn't his father in fact Li Fuxing's purpose in building a house in the front yard was not only to help Qing Yu in but also to make it convenient to store goods in the future so many all for us Qing Yun couldn't believe it these must have cost 20 or 30 yuan stop talking nonsense just take it and don't let anyone see it wait a minute take my bicycle to Ligi Oswayng and tell the people there that the pump well parts are finished and have them send someone to pick them up also tell them to bring the tricycle back to me as well okay I'll drop off my things and head over Ching Yuan nodded Gu Ching Kai wanted to help but unfortunately he couldn't ride a bicycle they each carried a cloth bag and calmly went out to go home when Gu Ching arrived home he quickly closed the door only his mother and younger sister were home Muping had probably just finished taking his medicine and was lying in the inner room his younger sister was secretly eating the dregs of her medicine and panicked when she was discovered by her older brother seeing his younger sister's pale face Gu Cheng felt a pang of heartache and could not bear to blame her big brother brought you something delicious you can't eat this anymore remember that the six year old was greedy and immediately forgot about what had just happened when he heard his older brother say there was something delicious to eat big brother what delicious food did you bring Guocheng took out a banana look the little girl had only seen a banana once before from afar and her eyes widened immediately this is a banana Guocheng patted her little head I know my older sister told me that bananas are delicious and she dreams of eating them Chapter 33 kids they'll eat my head out of house Guoching peeled the banana and handed it to his younger sister eat at home don't take it out and don't tell anyone understand Guoching Kai instructed he then asked his younger sister to get one for their mother but he didn't eat any himself it's not that I don't want to eat bananas it's been a long time since I last ate one but I just had hot pot with Li Fuching and I'm already very satisfied I understand big brother the little girl nodded vigorously seemingly having heard the noise their mother came out and was stunned to see her youngest daughter giving her a banana goose mother's first reaction was not happiness but worry chinkai where did the bananas come from bananas are not something ordinary people like them can afford in fact they rarely even see fruit mother it's like this Gu Chung explained the whole story he didn't want to hide it from his family nor could he since he would be going out at night from now on he had also asked Li Fushing about it during dinner and Li Fushing hadn't objected after hearing this Goo's mother quickly opened the cloth bag and saw sweet potatoes potatoes dried meat and a few remaining bananas inside he let out a long sigh if she hadn't gotten sick her family wouldn't be in such dire straits although she knew the black market was unsafe she couldn't bring herself to say anything to stop it things were too difficult for her family right now her son had just said that it wasn't just for the family but also for his own sake there are very few job opportunities now is he waiting for his father to retire so he can take over the family business that would be a long time coming you need to talk to your dad about this you're all grown up now and can make your own decisions from now on you should listen to fushing he's smart and a trustworthy person Gu's mother was very grateful to leave fushing as she had watched the child grow up and knew him very well okay mother don't worry fushing said that if anything unexpected happens just leave the goods behind and run Gu Ching Kai said that's good that's good Mother Gu felt even more relieved after hearing this she put away the sweet potatoes and other things both grain and dried meat were things her family desperately needed especially grain they could do without everything else but they couldn't do without grain otherwise they would starve she didn't eat that banana either saving it for her eldest daughter who was going to school Gu Cheng's younger sister ate the banana with gusto thinking it was the most delicious thing she had ever eaten meanwhile Qing Yuan returned home first hiding a banana for himself then handing over the rest of his things to his mother and also telling her about his trip to the black market however he did not implicate Li Fuqing only saying that he was a friend from outside mom don't try to persuade me anymore if I don't make money soon my sister in law's dagger like eyes will kill me upon hearing this Ching Yuwen's mother fell silent only sighing no one has it easy all I could do was tell my son to be extra careful in everything he did does your leg still hurt as a mother how could she not know that her son was injured she could detect even the slightest abnormality Ching Yun asked for directions and arrived at Ligi Oswayng fellow villager is this Ligi Oswayng Ching Yun asked a villager who was working in the fields yes who are you umli fushings buddy we live in the same compound he asked me to tell you that the parts for the hand pump while you requested have been made you can go to the city to pick them up and also bring the tricycle back with you when the villagers heard that he was one of fushings friends they assumed he was one of their own from Ligi Oswayng and they pulled Ching Yu in along to take him for a drink of water and a rest upon hearing the news immediately arranged for several young men to go into the city and ride the steel mill's tricycle back with them they've already determined the location of the hand pump well and are just waiting for the parts the villagers have argued quite a bit about how to get the well closer to their homes in the afternoon Li Dali and the others went into town to find Li Fushin handed over the tricycle to Li Fushin loaded the water pump parts onto the ox cart and then rushed back to Liji Oswayng without stopping the village is still waiting for a well to be dug Li Dali and his team knew what was important asked them to pass on a message to his grandparents that he was having dinner with his colleagues tonight and would go back tomorrow after all the parts were brought back to the village almost everyone in the village sprang into action determined to finish drilling the hand pump well before dark they had all participated in the process of drilling the hand pump well that day and knew the steps well ledali went to Old Master Lee's house to tell them that lefushin would not be returning grandma was a little disappointed but Grandpa understood he thought it was only right to get together with colleagues and build good relationships as it was getting dark Li Fuching arrived at Li Wenbin's courtyard house carrying a basket containing 2 kg of beef beef is the best for hot pot actually various kinds of meatballs are more suitable for hot pot but those things are hard to explain so we can only leave it at that Grandpa does Lee Wenbin live in this courtyard Li Fushin offered a cigarette to an old man at the door the old man took the cigarette and said are you Wenbin's colleague several of them have come he lives in the backyard you can go in thank you sir watching Li Fuxing's retreating figure his gaze finally settling on the basket the old man felt a pang of envy it wasn't the first time he'd seen Li Wenbin dining with his colleagues compared to other people in the compound Li Wenbin's family was considered to be eating very well no wonder he works in procurement Lee Fushing walked straight to the backyard and saw several colleagues smoking in front of Lee Wenbin's house when they saw Lee Fushing they immediately greeted him fushing over here want one someone stepped forward and offered Lee Fushing a cigarette everyone's eyes fell on the basket in Li Fuqing's hands the main dish for tonight should be inside hearing the noise Li Wibin came out as well why did it take you so long I thought you couldn't find your way Li Fushing handed over the basket I went to get some meat for caddies in total a little bit of meat his colleagues were all speechless it has to be you kid Lee Wendin laughed as soon as he saw it this beef is really good perfect for hot pot all right you guys just wait and eat Lee Wendin carried the beef into the house Lee Fushing followed them inside and greeted Lee Wendin's wife sister in law Lee Wibben's wife wears a ponytail and despite having three children still retains her charm you must be fussing old Lee has been mentioning you a lot lately please sit down and have some water don't be shy after saying that she pulled the three children to greet Li Fuxing Li Fuxing took out a few milk candies and gave them to Li Wenbin's three children Li Wenbin's three children are all sons everyone envied Li Wenbin but Li Wenbin was suffering inside always wanting a daughter the three children were very well mannered they didn't immediately take the candy but instead looked at their mother Lee Wibben's wife was somewhat surprised as milk candy was a rare sight for them take it thank you Uncle Lee Lee Wibben's wife said with a smile thank you Uncle Lee the oldest child took the candy and then shared three pieces with each of his younger brothers the youngest brother saw that the wrapper of his candy was crumpled and insisted that his older brother replace it with a new one Li Fushing said I heard that this White Rabbit milk candy was recently produced and has a very strong milk flavor you should all try it Li Fushing took out another handful and put it on the table upon hearing that it was newly produced everyone came up and took one great it has a strong milky flavor there were eight or nine children outside the door staring longingly into the room and the others could tell what they were thinking Chapter 31 has fushing found a wife yet introduce my cousin to him Li Fuching was generous and said to them come on over all of you then I gave each of them a milk candy Li Fuching bought a box of 30 pills on Pindao Duo and since there were still some left he simply gave them to Li Wenbin's three sons the three little ones had just happily accepted the candy when their mother took it away saying they couldn't eat too much candy at once and needed to put it away this is a long standing tradition among many parents some candies are even stored until they expire unexpectedly Li Wenbin is also a skilled cook he sliced the beef into even thin slices we washed all the vegetables and other greens brought out the stove and were ready to eat Li Wenbin took out two bottles of feng Shui liquor this is also one of the famous liquors in China two bottles are definitely not enough other colleagues also brought their own wine but none of it was as good as Li Wenbin's feng Shui come let's raise our glasses together to celebrate the rejuvenation Li Wenbin LED the way by raising his glass everyone said a lot of nice things a sedan chair is carried by many people moreover this time they also benefited from Li Fuxing's generosity getting to eat beef so they naturally didn't hold back their praise Li Wenbin's wife and child finished eating quickly they ate for more than two hours before the meal ended and everyone was very satisfied Old Lee does fushing have a girlfriend how about I introduce him to my cousin Lee Wenbin's wife couldn't help but ask as she was clearing the table the more she looked at Lee Fushing the more she thought he was a good person rather than letting someone else benefit from him she decided to introduce him to her cousin Li Fuching is handsome and generous as evidenced by his bringing 4 pounds of beef to the dinner party and distributing candy to everyone furthermore oddly mentioned that although Li Fuching has only been with the company for a short time he is very capable even inventing things and was commended by the factory and promoted directly such a good man is hard to find even with a lantern you should act fast Lee Wenbin sadly Joanne Fuchsing might not like her personality he knows his wife's cousin is very assertive and most men wouldn't be able to handle her how will we know if we don't try what if the company likes that style okay I'll ask about it another day Li Fuqing returned to the courtyard house and had just entered the front yard when an old man called out to him Fuqing the deer Antler is ready for you take it back with you but be careful when you soak it in alcohol an old man explained the relevant precautions to leave Fooshing such as how much deer Antler to put in 05 kilograms of wine and how long to soak it okay thank you sir Lee Fushing took the sliced deer Antler hey kid why are you being so polite with an old man like me all right go back now an old man was a doctor at the steel rolling mill so he naturally knew what Lee Fushing had done at the factory he was proud of this most capable and promising young man in the compound Lee Fushing brought honor to their institute on his way home from get off work he ran into an official from the neighborhood committee who not only praised Lee Fushing but also their number 57 courtyard besides he only helped process the deer Antlers and Lee Fushing even gave his family some bananas this was the first time their family had ever eaten bananas Li Fuching said goodbye to the old man and returned to his residence in the central court casually putting the deer Antlers into his pinyu backpack then he bought some meat and candy from Pender Doo planning to have Gu Cheng and Qing Yuan test the waters at the black market tonight before long Gu Cheng and Qing Yuan sneaked over moving so stealthily that anyone who didn't know better would think they were up to no good Gu Cheng and Qing Yuan were stunned when they saw so much meat and candy what are you still standing there for the two of them then came to their senses feeling both nervous and excited they quickly divided the food each taking half of the meat and half of the sugar don't worry I know the black market well it'll be fine Ching Yuwen said patting his chest Li Fushin glanced at him and said I'm most worried about you when doing business you should be friendly and avoid getting into fights all the time if you end up not selling anything and getting beaten up that would be interesting Gu Ching Kai is a very tolerant person so Li Fushin trusts him quite well without saying another word they packed their things and left there was more than one black market in Beijing so they went to different ones to avoid competing with each other Qing Yuan knew the rules and paid a dime when he went in therefore if the items for sale are few or cheap it's better not to go to the black market they don't take money from the black market for nothing firstly they provide a trading platform for everyone secondly they act as a lookout so that if anything goes wrong they can issue a timely warning and let everyone run away quickly after entering the black market Ching Yuan didn't rush to set up a stall instead he took a walk around to find out the prices for the day after that he knew what to do and found a place to set up a stall he had just finished setting things up when people started crowding around him because everyone was covering their faces quite well Qing Yuan couldn't see the other person's appearance clearly but judging from the voice he should be a middle aged man what kind of goods do you have Qing Yuan said in a low voice would you like some meat and sugar upon hearing that it was meat and candy the other person paused for a moment then quickly asked how much Ching Yuan lifted a corner of the cloth to let the other party see meat is 6 yuan a pound and sugar is 3 yuan a pound so expensive meat at the butcher shop is less than $1 a pound and sugar is only 40 cents Qing Yuan covered it with a cloth alright you can go to the butcher shop to buy it since we've come all the way to the black market why are you still arguing about butcher shop prices you need ration coupons to buy meat at butcher shops and even with a coupon you might not be able to buy any you have to queue up really early can you make it cheaper Qing Yuan waved his hand I can't lower the price he wasn't in a hurry at all as long as it was food he wasn't worried about finding buyers the man sighed and took out 15 yuan 1 kg of meat and 05 kilograms of sugar Qing Yuan thus completed its first transaction Guocheng's situation was also going well he was spotted as soon as he set up his stall but his candy was priced at 27 yuan which was three mouth cheaper than Qing Yuan's they both returned before midnight carrying a large sum of money they dared not be careless and were terrified the whole way 15 caddies of meat sold for 90 yuan 10 caddies of sugar sold for 30 yuan while Gu Chiang Kai lost 3 yuan each of them had more than $100 on them when had they ever seen so much money before Qing Yuan quietly arrived at Li Fushings door and barked like a dog woof what are you barking about why are you barking like a dog for no reason it sounds awful Li Fushings knew they were back when he heard the voice just as he had expected after all meat and sugar are scarce commodities so there's no worry about selling them Qing Yuan chuckled and said didn't you tell us not to disturb the people in the courtyard you don't need to bark like a dog if you keep barking at night the people in the yard will think we've been robbed Lee Fushing was quite helpless about this guy that's true how about meowing like a cat Lee Fushing sighed and rubbed his forehead thinking that this guy was hopeless cats need to sleep at night too so why do you have to give me the money at night you can do it the next day or when you pick up the next shipment Lee Fushing sighed how can I sleep with so much money on my hands then Ching Yuwen told Li Fuqing what had happened Li Fuqing took the money and counted it giving Ching Yuwen 6 yuan as agreed beforehand Chapter 32 instantly defeating the cured meat returning to the village with a reward to make Grandpa proud five yuan is fine go back to sleep Ching Yuwen only took 5 yuan he was already very satisfied earning 5 yuan a day was something he would never have dared to dream of before without further ado Gu Chung Kai returned he didn't have as much drama as Ching yuan instead he gently knocked on the door fushing you can keep the money for now Li Fushin opened the door and let gooching Kai in this happens every time how am I supposed to get any sleep one of the reasons I asked for your help was that I didn't want to stay up late okay Guocheng nodded the main reason was that it was the first time he had ever seen so much money and he was constantly on edge afraid of losing it Li Fushing took the 117 yuan from Guocheng Kai and then gave him 59 yuan Gu Chong held the 5 yuan and 90 cents in his hand although he appeared calm he was extremely excited inside he had just returned home when he heard his father's voice you're back Guocheng looked around and saw that his mother was still awake the two of them were probably waiting for him to come back Guocheng nodded you're back you can go to sleep no need to wait for me your mother can't sleep she's worried about you Guocheng's father lit a cigarette he originally planned to work for another year or two before handing over the job at the steel rolling mill to his son so that his son would have a proper job and it would be easier for him to find a wife but plans can't keep up with changes his family was in dire straits and he was under immense pressure he felt helpless watching his son risk his life on the black market to earn money if his son were healthy and not disabled he would definitely stop him mother don't worry there are plenty of people in the black market his mother thought how could she not be worried selling things on the black market is considered speculation and profiteering and if caught you'll go to jail Gu Cheng then took out the 5 yuan and 90 cents he had just earned and handed it to his mother mom this is what I earned tonight his father's eyes widened when he saw so much money earning this much in just one night if he could have this every day wouldn't he earn over 100 a month his current salary is only 30 odd yuan his son earns more than four times his father's salary Gu's mother was also startled but she wouldn't ask too many questions if her son wasn't going to say then he must be having some difficulties and there was no need to make things difficult for him she took the money then took out another dollar and 90 cents and stuffed it into her son's hand chinkai you're not young anymore you can't be without money give half of your money to your mother in the future and I'll save it for you to get married Mr Gu was a little depressed even if his son only kept half of it the rest would still be more than his salary looks like I'll have to ask my son for cigarettes from now on he hands over 90 percent of his salary which wasn't much to begin with so he doesn't have much money left now he's even started smoking budget cigarettes all right everyone go to sleep Father Gu waved his hand Gu Chung lay in bed unable to fall asleep Tonight's experience had deeply moved him and he secretly vowed to make sure his family lived a good life when Xing Yuan returned home he found everyone asleep he tiptoed back to his bed and as soon as he lay down he noticed a small bottle of medicine under his pillow without a doubt it must have been left here by my mother every time he got into a fight and got injured his mother would put medicine under his pillow Li Fuching was counting his own savings Old Lee left 200 yuan which he has already deposited into Pinduoduo he has bought various things over the past few days and now he doesn't have much left only about 80 yuan these past few days I've been buying eggs meat and wild game for the steel rolling mill earning a total of 815 yuan I spent 260 yuan buying sweet potatoes and potatoes for Ligi Oswayng and Zayaz Wang gave 200 yuan to Master Zhang for renovating the house and spent another 200 yuan on a radio there is also a bonus of 400 yuan for the hand pump well Gu Chung and Ching Yuwen earned him about 220 yuan tonight the total is 855 UAN there's still a considerable gap between the 9,900 UAN needed to upgrade on Pendrive so we need to keep working hard the first thing Li Fuqing did the next morning was to check the flash sale section today's update includes 10 pounds of cured pork without the slightest hesitation Li Fuxing bought the cured meat for a mere penny Li Fuxing wasn't quite sure how much cured pork cost but it probably wasn't much cheaper than regular pork after thinking for a moment he bought some more cured meat covered it up inside the house and planned to have Gu Chung and the others take it to the black market that night Li Fuching told Qing Yun and Guo Shang that any goods would be stored in the house and they could come and pick them up in the evening if they didn't see any it meant there were no goods for the day and they could rest after putting away the cured meat Li Fushing got up to wash up and overheard the third aunt talking to others about how she had inexplicably heard a dog barking last night which she thought might be a bad omen Li Fushing almost choked what does this even mean fushing did you hear that last night the third aunt asked Li Fushing Li Fushing quickly replied no I was sleeping quite soundly the three older women didn't say anything they were young people with good sleep quality able to sleep through the night and those who worked hard would fall asleep as soon as their head hit the bed and wouldn't wake up no matter what after washing up Li Fuqing took the reward given to him by the factory and prepared to return to the village especially that certificate which was issued by the youth league the certificate features instructor portraits a red flag and a five pointed star with a predominantly red and yellow color scheme and a dignified and elegant style if I take this back to Grandpa he'll definitely be happy he already has those thermos flasks and the like so he doesn't need them and just takes them back to his grandparents in addition he also bought some glutenous corn on Pindo Duo after having breakfast at a roadside breakfast shop he headed straight for Ligi Oswayne halfway there he suddenly stopped because there was an abandoned baby lying by the roadside crying loudly it must have been abandoned by a family struggling to make ends meet what a terrible thing having lived in modern society he simply couldn't bring himself to pretend he didn't see it after parking his bicycle he walked over to the baby and discovered it was a girl suddenly he understood the baby girl was wrapped in a tattered small blanket and placed in a basket he looked around but didn't see anyone is anyone there parents come out I can help if you need anything I'm not lying to you Li Fushin shouted trying to call out the baby's family rather than taking the baby home he preferred to give them some food so they could raise it themselves saving them the trouble no matter how much Li Fuching shouted there was absolutely no response from the surroundings he cursed under his breath in exasperation picked up the baby girl and frowned deeply after he walked away a man with a dejected look emerged from a clump of grass not far away it wasn't that he was heartless but he already had three children at home and with the mother gone he simply couldn't support his Newborn daughter so he had no choice but to do this when Li Fushin shouted just now he almost couldn't help but come out seeing that the man was riding a bicycle he assumed he was well off he reasoned that his daughter's survival depended on him so he gritted his teeth and remained silent sujin didn't return home until the bicycle disappeared from sight his steps faltering the elderly mother sat at home weeping softly while her three children stayed by her side as she passed away it's been sent out Sujin's mother asked crying yes a man on a bicycle picked it up sujin sighed well it seems this little girl is lucky there was a hint of relief amidst the sorrow Chapter 33 Old Master Lee was so happy he was completely lost being able to ride a bicycle indicates a well off family they probably wouldn't mind having more mouths to feed besides the fact that they were willing to take the child away shows that they have a kind heart it was a blessing for that girl to grow up in that kind of family it was something her mother had risked her life for back in Lizzie Oswayng the villagers greeted Lee Fooshing from afar as he was the only one who would ride a bicycle into the village Lizzie Oswayng is too small to be qualified to show movies therefore if villagers want to watch movies they can only go to shirha commune in the east where movies are shown every now and then and several nearby villages are notified to watch together however when the villagers saw Li Fushin bring back a baby they fell silent these days people can't even support their own families let alone take in a child if it were them they probably wouldn't even go near the child as long as they don't see the child they won't feel conflicted or guilty since last year many people have starved to death after seeing so many people have become numb to it after Li Fuxing had walked away someone whispered only uncle 21 would dare to bring a child home we have the capability to revitalize the nation it's still a human life no matter what fushing is kind hearted and can't stand this kind of thing Li Fushing is a kind hearted man a fact acknowledged by all the villagers of lijiaswan they often share food with the children of his family which is why he is respected and supported by everyone and not just because of his seniority when Li Fushing arrived home he saw Li Jichun leading people to build a house with his grandfather squatting to the side as a supervisor they also saw Li Fushing stop what they were doing and greeted him Grandpa Li also got up and quickly went to greet his grandson you're back at fushing why don't you sleep in a little longer as soon as Grandpa Lee approached he saw the baby girl and a look of confusion appeared on his face Grandpa I didn't go to the factory after breakfast I came straight back I found this baby girl on the road I just couldn't bear to do it Grandpa why don't we just adopt her we won't starve her I'm thinking of having my third aunt help take care of her she's good at taking care of children didn't have the time or energy to take care of the child and his grandparents were getting old so he definitely couldn't trouble them that's why Li Fuqing thought of asking his third aunt for help Grand Polly sighed he knew his grandson well and knew he wouldn't ignore such a situation it's okay to be soft hearted the world is just messed up fortunately their family was able to adopt them he nodded with a smile and agreed okay let your third aunt take care of her the little girl is very well behaved she didn't cry at all let's give her a name Li Fuxing was also surprised the baby girl hadn't cried since he picked her up Grandpa how about Le Fei her nickname will be Fei Fei Li Feixing had already decided on the way back grandpali nodded good name my good grandson is cultured unlike the others in the village who are all named Tai Dan Lungzi Arya or Xiao seeing that his grandfather didn't miss any opportunity to praise him Lee Fushing smiled helplessly back inside grandma saw the baby girl after her beloved grandson explained the whole story she didn't object at all the Lee family wasn't large so more people made it more lively grandma quickly went out and called Yong May over to take care of the child Grandpa this is the certificate the government gave me along with 300 yuan the factory also gave me a 100 yuan bonus and promoted me a level Lee Fushing took out all the prizes and showed them to Grandpa Lee one by one sure enough when Grandpa Lee saw the certificate his eyes narrowed into slits with a smile great great this is incredible this should be a certificate from the Village Entrance how could Old Man Lee not be excited it would be so prestigious to talk about it he held the certificate and compared it to the wall in his house feeling that the wall was not worthy of the certificate and was at a loss for what to do my precious grandson has really made him proud there were certificates promotions bonuses of several hundred yuan and a bunch of prizes any one of these items would be enough to make the villagers envious Li Fuching ignored his somewhat delirious grandfather took the cured meat to the kitchen and hung it up and put the corn on the table he bought a few packets of milk powder from Pinduoduo and put them in his shopping basket not long after Young May returned with her grandmother followed by Won Kai and his two siblings third aunt thank you for your trouble Young May took the baby girl and breathed a sigh of relief when she saw that she was relatively healthy fouching don't be so polite with your third aunt her name is Fe Fe right go boil some water I'll give her a bath in a bit but isn't it a bit inappropriate for such a young child to drink milk her name is Fei Fei I named her that third aunt I just brought some milk powder back this time let Wonkai and the others drink some too don't be reluctant to drink it I'll ask a friend to give me some more later after saying that Li Feushing went to boil water it really does take care of children with experienced people only then did Mrs Lee notice Mr Lee's unusual behavior he was holding a piece of paper and pacing back and forth in the room in addition I saw a thermos on the table and assumed that my grandson had bought it old man what's gotten into you Grandpa Lee then came to his senses and said look this is the certificate the state issued to fuchsin where would be the most appropriate place to put it besides certificates what else grandma and Auntie were stunned the prize money alone is 400 yuan they even promoted him to a higher rank although they weren't factory workers they had heard that it wasn't easy to get promoted and many people might work for several years without ever getting a promotion Yong May praised fushing is truly promising looking at Won Kai and his two siblings again she felt a pang of disappointment if these three children were even half as capable as their eldest brother she as their mother would be laughing her head off the three siblings Won Kai Won Kai and Won Kai stared curiously at the baby in their mother's arms grandma beamed of all the generations of Arley family fooshing is the most successful what's the use of my son studying so much did he ever bring back any certificates in the end didn't he still get seduced by a widow he doesn't even want his own parents and child anymore it was all for nothing then she suddenly said that's right let's make a frame and put it up yes great idea Lee quickly went out to find someone to help him Wan Kai and his two siblings came to the kitchen and asked Li Fushin big brother is the girl mom is holding our future little sister yes Fei Fei is your sister you will have to help take care of her from now on understand I understand big brother I will definitely take good care of my little sister from now on Wonkai said sensibly he often helped take care of his younger siblings while his mother was working Wong Yah and Wong Hua quickly assured their elder brother Li Fushin took out a few pieces of candy and distributed them as a reward big brother it's so sweet every time the eldest brother came back he would share delicious food with them so the three children dreamed of Li Fushing coming back Wonkai left a piece of candy thinking that his mother could also try it after boiling the water Li Fushing adjusted the temperature and then Auntie Sand gave Fei Fei a bath she also found some of Wang Hua's old clothes and dressed Fei Fei in them in this era clothes are not thrown away they are passed down from generation to generation Chapter 34 preserve pork rice I wouldn't trade it for even a god younger siblings always where their older siblings hand me downs and the younger ones never get to wear new clothes if a relative or neighbor has a Newborn child they will be very grateful if you give them your unwanted clothes Fei Fei must have been hungry because she soon started crying Young May immediately went to prepare the formula and sure enough Fei Fei stopped crying and calmed down as soon as she drank it Wang Kai and his two siblings stood around their sister Wang Kai stuck out his tongue to amuse his little sister while Wang Ye stared at her curiously and Wang Hua's gaze remained fixed on the milk powder Li Feushing took out the remaining milk powder third aunt take these milk powders back with you so that Wang Kai and the others can drink some every day Young May was overjoyed feeling that her three children were truly blessed to have such a wonderful older brother like fushing while other children were still struggling to get enough to eat her children were already receiving nutritional supplements Grandpa came in from outside and especially called Li Jichun and others who were working to come in for a drink of water never seen a certificate before have you look this is the national award recognizing my family's revival and these other things too Grandpa Lee called the person into the house to show him his grandson's certificate but didn't even offer him a drink of water Li Jichun and the others didn't care they were all shocked as they looked at the certificate in Old Master Lee's hand besides that their work grade had been raised by one level and they had received quite a few prizes this made them extremely envious they were unaware that Li Fuching had received a 400 yuan bonus Old Master Li hadn't told anyone after all one shouldn't flaunt wealth otherwise these people would have bulged their eyes out Li Jichuan couldn't help but exclaim fushing is truly amazing this is the first certificate in our Li Jiaoziang he even suspected that his ancestors favoredly fushing so the little bit of good fortune he was emitting had drifted to your house earlier Li Fuxing's father Li Jichian had shocked the village by becoming the first college student in the entire village back then some people said that his great uncle's family had good feng Shui yes uncle 21 is the hope of our village Li Fuching was speechless weren't those words supposed to be directed at his father now they've inexplicably come back to him Grandpa Lee was very pleased with these people praising his grandson and was in a great mood he then decided to do some good deeds honey make everyone a bowl of sweet soup they've all worked so hard Grandma Lee was also beaming with pride so she was naturally willing to give up a few bowls of sweet soup after everyone finished drinking the sweet soup they looked at the baby girl that lefushin had brought back and praised her saying things like how lucky the child was before long some of the village women arrived I heard that Li Fushing found a baby and brought it home which means he's added another person to the family I should at least come and see it and offer my blessings everyone thought that the baby girl was extremely lucky to be found by Li Fushing everyone in the village knows that Li Fushing's family is the best off the little boy will definitely have a comfortable life grandma I'm gonna boil some eggs for everyone to share so that everyone can share in the good fortune was a little reluctant to part with the eggs her grandson had brought back she hadn't eaten many of them herself and wanted to save them for her beloved grandson however she couldn't refuse her grandson in front of so many people so he could only smile and agree then those people also Learned that Li Fuqing had obtained the certificate and they showered him with praise completely flattering the old lady Li to the point that she no longer cared about the lost eggs seeing this young Mei thought to herself what a waste so many eggs have been boiled and divided up it pains me to see them all gone but then I thought about Li Fuxing's abilities and felt relieved Fuxing had already received 400 in bonuses what were these eggs just a drop in the ocean if her son becomes as successful as him in the future she would be willing to treat the whole village to a meal of eggs after the eggs were boiled everyone present received one including Li Jichuan and the others who had worked but no one ate them they all planned to take them home to nourish their children after seeing everyone off Li Fushin said grandma I brought back some corn and cured meat I'll stew the cured meat for lunch okay then let's stew some cured pork Old Mrs Le nodded with a smile big brother I want to eat too Wang Hua looked at Li Fushin longingly what are you going to eat come home with mom to eat Li Fuqing pinched Wang Hua's cheek and said to Yongmei third aunt let's eat here for lunch call my third uncle back this grand Mali said what's with all the fuss Fuqing told you to eat here so eat here go call the Germans back later can those sweet potatoes in the canteen taste any better than the food at home Young May's eyes reddened slightly as she repeatedly thanked Lee Fushing and Mrs thinking that she must help fushing take good care of Fe Fe she also saw the row of cured pork hanging in the kitchen Li Fuching suddenly said by the way isn't Won Kai old enough to go to school if I remember correctly Won Kai is 8 years old this year which is a bit late for starting school Auntie said helplessly the village school is closed if you want to go to school you have to go to Shih Ha Kham Yun it takes almost an hour to walk to Shih Ha Kham Yun which is not close in these days when people can't even get enough to eat how can they be in the mood to think about going to school Ligi Oswayng used to have a school where children could study until the fourth grade and then go to Shuhua Commune for the fifth grade but before the Lunar New Year the teachers at the school were exposed to a foul odor so the school had to be temporarily suspended Li Fuxing had never attended school in lijiazui so he was unaware of the situation he asked is the teacher from our village grandma said Jiguang is a teacher in the village and his home is over there as she spoke grandmali pointed to the west she also told her grandson that Li Ji Guang was the only teacher at Li Jiasheng Primary School teaching all the courses for all four grades Li Ji guang had attended high school and was the second most educated person in Li Jiosheng before Li Fuxing returned the first one is of course Li Jichian Li Fuxing's father Li Fushin felt a headache just listening to it is it possible to handle all this if it were him he'd be overwhelmed with work at noon Li Fushin cooked a meal for Li Jichun and the other people who were building the house and also served some cured meat although it wasn't much and each person only got a few pieces Li Jichuan and the others were still very satisfied with the meal by this time news of Li Fuqing receiving the certificate had spread throughout lijiaswan the villagers were envious and also felt proud these are people from their Li family village Li Duduwen patted his round belly feeling very satisfied he's been getting a lot of benefits from his nephew these past few days with plenty of food drink and even cigarettes he'd love to have a life like this everyone who works with him is incredibly envious just after we finished eating and cleared the table the old party secretary and others arrived strongly suspected that he had arrived at the checkpoint without exception all of them came for the certificate wanting to see it with their own eyes Grand Polly cleared his throat and began his performance this is something we should really show off we should get these people to help spread the word so that the surrounding villages and communes all know his grandson's name the brigade leaders said well done fushing you are truly the pride of our village the old party secretary nodded with a smile feeling a little excited this was also an honor for their Ligi Oswayng village chapter 35 bullying people only giving 2 yuan as dowry fuking invented the hand pump well which played such an important role so it is only right that he received a certificate their village has the most say in the convenience and ease of use of hand operated wells after they finished setting up the forehand pump wells last night the villagers not only had easier access to water but also saved a lot of effort in irrigating their crops their village used to rely entirely on that spring but it wasn't enough to irrigate the land most of the village's manpower was spent carrying water to irrigate the fields which was very inefficient but now things have changed with the four newly drilled pump wells they completed the work that had taken them two or three days in just one morning as they watched the crops revive after being thoroughly watered these crops are their food supply for the second half of the year if the harvest is reduced everyone will have less food and will face the predicament of not being able to eat again Li Fuching brewed some sorghum liquor for the old party secretary and the others which he specially bought to entertain guests he also prepared a packet of tea for his grandfather I bought it for 3 yuan on pinyuoduo old party secretary brigade leader have some tea at that time there were no tea masters in the family everyone drank from bowls this tea looks delicious high quality glutenous rice cakes are a very rare luxury taking the opportunity Li Fuching said old party secretary I'd like to ask you for a favor the old party secretary took a sip of tea fushing just ask I will do whatever it takes to help you considers himself a member of the Lee Family Village so the Lee Family Village will definitely treat Lee Fushing as one of their own and will help him if they can it's about Fe Fe could you please help me register her household registration the old party secretary nodded in agreement thinking it was something important you want it to be located in our village you'd better think it through the old party secretary said nowadays urban is definitely much better than rural urban residents can eat marketable grain which rural residents would envy it's easy to register Fei Fei's household registration in their lijiazuiang village but it will be difficult to move it to the city later I've made up my mind I'll have her registered under the same household registration as my grandparents my country already had household registration books as early as 1958 the reason why rural people envy urban residents is entirely due to food shortages but food and other supplies were nothing to leave fouching so it didn't matter whether Feifa's household registration was in the city or the countryside as for future educational issues there are plenty of solutions okay I'll get it done for her this afternoon Li Fushin continued is there any way our village primary school can continue operating school the old party secretary and the others were all stunned for a moment since the school was closed they haven't paid any attention to it mainly focusing on filling their stomachs and the children's schooling has to be put aside secretary now that we and L G Oswayng can barely afford to eat our fill it's time to rebuild the school the brigade leader suggested his child is 8 years old and needs to start school now that Li Fuxing has raised the issue he immediately agrees we need to discuss this with Ji Guan his family is in a difficult situation they all depend on him for their livelihood let's go and ask him together and his companions finished their tea and then got up to go to Li Jiguang's house Li Fushin immediately followed he was quite concerned about the management of Ligi Oswayng in order to leave a way for the village in the future when the group arrived at Ligi Wong's house they found it to be extremely poor had already given a general overview of Ligi Wong's family situation on the way they have two elderly parents and five children and even feeding them is a problem Li Jiguang was just a substitute teacher he didn't receive a salary only work points this situation is common throughout the country after listening to this Li Fushin couldn't help but sigh being a rural teacher is really not easy as far as he knew some rural teachers not only had to teach classes but also run night markets to eliminate illiteracy help farmers learn relevant knowledge and do a good job in various aspects of publicity despite being so busy there was no salary only work points old party secretary brigade leader come in quickly fushing is here too Li Jiguang invited them into the house but there weren't even many stools in the room they had to send the children back to the inner room Xiaosong bring out the stool from your room too after greeting them Li Fushing began to observe the house although simple it was clean and tidy making one feel comfortable at first glance the two elderly people looked listless and were skin and bones Li Jiguang's wife took a rag and wiped the stools for the group there were five children three girls and two boys the oldest looked about 16 or 17 almost of marriageable age the youngest was a boy of 4 or 5 after Li Fushin entered the room the little boy kept secretly watching him seeing Li Fushin looking at him he timidly called out uncle 21 after shouting she shyly hid behind her mother come here Li Fushin said with a smile upon hearing Li Fushin say come over everyone in the room guessed what would happen next even the little boy himself knew and looked up at his mother your 21st uncle is calling you go ahead Li Jiguang's wife said with a smile the little boy then walked up to Li Fushin his eyes full of anticipation Lee Fushing didn't disappoint everyone he always had candy peanuts or similar items in his pocket don't ask he's got a cheat code he pulled out a handful of milk candies take them with both hands and share some with your older brothers and sisters too the little boy was very happy and nodded vigorously fushing is this white rabbit milk candy it's so expensive you're giving me too much as a teacher Li Jiguang naturally knew more about the price of White Rabbit milk candy even city kids have a hard time getting to eat it the brigade leader had also seen it he wanted to ask for two pieces for his child but was too embarrassed to ask everyone sighed inwardly he truly lives up to his name fushing he's so generous no wonder the village children all adore him always calling him uncle 21 Li fushing smiled and said really it was a gift from a friend I'm not really sure about it everyone else was speechless no one believed what he said as someone who grew up in Beijing how could I not know how expensive White Rabbit milk candy is the little boy brought a handful of milk candies to his older siblings and began to distribute them one by one which was quite fair the old party secretary quickly changed the subject jigong I heard someone came to propose marriage a hint of embarrassment immediately appeared on Li Jiguang's face yes that's true the family was struggling financially so Xiaoshang got married on the one hand there was one less mouth to feed and on the other hand she could earn some dowry money to supplement the family income however some of the people who came to propose marriage were being unreasonable only willing to offer a dowry of 2 yuan even if Li Jiguang had a good temper he immediately turned cold it didn't work out Li Jiguang waved his hand and the others didn't press for details judging from their expressions the conversation wasn't pleasant well it's better that it didn't work out Fuchsing talked to us about the school today and the brigade leader and I both think it's time to reopen the school so that the children can have access to education what do you think what else can we think Li Jiguang was certainly happy teaching was what he was good at if he were asked to fetch water or farm he really couldn't compete with the others and would earn fewer work points Chapter 36 ways to Increase Village Income reopening classes is a good thing I'm fine with it Lee Ji guan nodded in agreement the old party secretary looked at Xiaosong and said I remember Xiaosong used to have pretty good grades before coming to your house I talked to fushing and fushing suggested that Xiaosong also go to school as a substitute teacher and give her work points Li Ji Guang immediately became somewhat agitated what a wonderful surprise in this way Shao Xiang not only solved her own food problem but also helped her family earn some money Shao Xiang herself is very willing to be a teacher in any case being a teacher is easier than working in the fields it just might be a bit more troublesome given the same amount of work points she would definitely prefer to be a teacher besides she didn't have to get married so soon when someone came to propose marriage she was very uneasy this was an era where a woman was expected to follow her husband wherever he went if she didn't marry well it would be a lifelong matter that's great thank you party secretary Li Jiguang thanked several people in a row no need to thank me this was proposed by fushing and it's for the sake of the children in the village we have no reason not to support it Li Jiguang then brought along his daughter Shao Xiong to thank Li Fushing Li Fushin waved his hand we the people of Lijiazhuang should thank you no matter how poor we are we can't be poor in education reading is always the most important thing Brother Jiguang do you see what the school is lacking I'll do my best to help knowing that Li Fuching had that ability Li Jiguang didn't stand on ceremony if possible please get me some chalk pencils and notebooks you know the situation in our village many children can't afford pens and notebooks okay leave this to me by the way how many school age children are there in our village let's try to get them all into school even the old party secretary found this somewhat difficult although the tuition fees are not high some families are already poor and have many children how can they send them all to school although the children are not very strong they can still help with some chores at home sending children to school not only increases expenses but also reduces the workforce some families are not really willing to do it this might be a bit difficult the captain said without needing anyone to explain Li Fuching understood the reason old party secretary I have an idea everyone's eyes immediately turned to Li Fushing the main reason why some families don't let their children go to school is the cost if the village could help with the expenses wouldn't the situation be better decided to draw on the ideas from later generations it's like the village pays for it and the villagers just need to send their children to school children who excel in their studies may even receive scholarships isn't that the case with universities nowadays not only do they not have to spend money but they also receive subsidies the old party secretary and his colleagues were shocked will the village cover it tuition fees food or everything they the Leif family probably don't have the strength they might want to but unfortunately they lack the power if it weren't for leifshing helping to bring back sweet potatoes and potatoes Ligi Oswayng would be having trouble even getting enough to eat the captain said helplessly how could our Lee family village have such great abilities this is quite a burden so our village needs to generate some extra income Lee Fuchsing said ultimately it all comes down to poverty it's very difficult for individuals to make any income these days a slight misstep can lead to being labeled as a speculator but what about collectives the rural areas today are a microcosm of the collective economy and there are some things that can be done there Li Fuching could easily cover the school's expenses himself but it's unnecessary and it's best not to do that the safest approach would be to bring the entire village onto the boat minimizing the risks to generate extra income isn't this a bit inappropriate the land in the village is all planned out the brigade leader reminded them even what kind of grain to plan in the fields is decided by the higher UPS if you are allowed to plant rice you cannot plant wheat I never intended to use the land in the village to covet the land is utterly reckless then our village doesn't have any other land to generate extra income the brigade leader couldn't think of anything you can't exactly do it in your own vegetable garden can you that kind of small scale operation doesn't seem to make much sense the old party secretary knew that Li Fushing must have an idea so he asked fushing stop being so mysterious and tell us what you're thinking everyone was a little confused apart from Li Fushin and Li Jiguang everyone present was a farmer in the minds of farmers if they wanted to earn extra income they still had to rely on the land that's why they say that the land is the lifeblood of farmers raising pigs and chickens can also increase income the village raises pigs and the money from selling them belongs to the village collective but raising these things requires food you can't just feed them grass can you let alone pigs even cattle and sheep need to be eaten with other foods from time to time the pigs in the village are all so thin they barely have any meat left but there's nothing we can do about it there's not enough food for people to eat so how can we feed it to pigs we can only feed them more pig feed just enough to keep them alive if the pigs don't meet the standards they'll at most get a scolding but if people don't eat grain they'll starve to death yes fushing tell us quickly but there's one condition it can't occupy farmland the brigade leader chimed in if you can increase your income without taking up farmland why not is it okay as long as it doesn't take up farmland that's currently being used for growing crops Li Fushin asked the old party secretary thought for a moment and seeing that there was no problem nodded that makes things easier as the saying goes people who live near mountains live off the mountains and people who live near water live off the water we can make use of the mountains and water now that the river is dry can't we grow something preferably something with a short growth cycle like leafy greens upon hearing this everyone present suddenly understood yes the river has dried up the riverbed is very fertile perfect for growing things most importantly there are no regulations on the riverbed so the village can make full use of it the old party secretary threw away his cigarette but good how could you forget about the riverbed the brigade leader and his men were also eager to try as the riverbed in their village was quite large Li Jiguang being quite thoughtful cautioned what if there's a heavy rain and the river fills up again that's why I said we should plant things with short growth cycles to reduce losses in fact besides losing some seeds what else can we lose as for the seeds I'll figure something out well you thought this through all along you even prepared the seeds and his colleagues were even more excited this sounded reliable and capable the riverbed was fertile so there was no need for fertilizer at most they would lose some money on seeds as for manpower that's the last thing their village lacks fushing then I'll trouble you to bring back more seeds the village will raise the money for you when the time comes the old party secretary made the decision immediately Li fushing said that's no problem let's talk about the mountain next the brigade leader continued the mountains aren't very suitable but once they're cleared they become arable land furthermore the land on the mountain is barren so there's no need to waste energy clearing it it would be a losing proposition the old party secretary glared at him how could fushing not know don't speak yet don't interrupt fushing Chapter 37 immediately mobilize the villages available laborers to get to work I didn't say we were going to clear the land the price of medicinal herbs isn't cheap is it we can just plant some herbs in the mountains and not worry about them at all we can treat them as wild plants and harvest as much as we can isn't that a source of income um everyone was pleasantly surprised once again that's right the seeds of medicinal herbs are probably hard to come by and we don't even know how many we can grow what if we can't even make back the cost of the seeds someone worried Li Fuxing said how can there be no risk at all the wheat planted in the field could also fail completely isn't that right with this level of drought if Li Fuxing hadn't built a hand pump well the wheat yield in Lijiazuiang would have been significantly reduced and they wouldn't have had any land left in some areas where the drought was even worse than in Ligi Oswayng the possibility of total crop failure was definitely not small even if we don't get medicinal herbs we can get mushrooms they're not expensive but they grow fast and have a high yield I will directly purchase the steel from the rolling mill which will be good for the village for me and for the factory and the others looked at each other as if they had suddenly realized something that Leaf Fushing is a purchasing agent for the steel rolling mill the produce grown here can be given directly to Leaf Fushing and the steel rolling mill will purchase it how convenient is that yes that makes sense we need to think about this carefully the old party secretary's mind was racing what are you still thinking about just take some people and turn over the riverbed I'll bring the seeds back tomorrow the sooner we plant and harvest the sooner the village will have money then the school's problems won't matter anymore we can set up a school cafeteria then where all the school children can eat for free I don't believe anyone would be unwilling to send their children to school everyone was convinced they could already foresee that children who weren't old enough would have to be sent to school the fact that Ligi Oswayng provided free meals to the children at school was tantamount to them raising their children who wouldn't want that Shao Xiong looked at Li Fushin with eyes full of admiration the ideas were interconnected perfectly solving the school's difficulties increasing the villages income and even bringing him personal gains by providing materials to the steel mill this is truly a win win situation most importantly this doesn't violate any regulations and even if it gets out no one can find fault with it they'll just follow suit which village doesn't want to make more money secretary I'll go get people right away the brigade leader stood up in a flurry go ahead but don't let it interfere with normal production tasks those are all side jobs the main thing is the crops and the fields we can't mix up the primary and secondary tasks okay the brigade leader quickly left to organize the village's idle labor force the old party secretary praised fushing you're the one with the best brain li fushing said therefore we should read more books and attach importance to education this time the old party secretary nodded slightly he understood the principle reading has always been extremely useful and if one wanted to get ahead reading was indispensable Li Jiguang was as excited as if he had been injected with chicken blood planning how to make the school in Li Jiaoziang better and better now the village's attitude is clear they will fully support the opening of the school then I'll go to the school to pack up Li Jiguang was getting restless I'll go with you to take a look Li Fushin also stood up okay let's go Li Jiguang was also happy to take Li Fushin to visit the school hoping to offer him some advice he brought his wife and capable children along to the school after all the school had been deserted for a long time and had become somewhat abandoned Li Fuching discovered that the school was just a slightly larger building divided into four classrooms and a teacher's office the classroom was small seating a dozen or so children with only six rows of dilapidated desks and a small window making it somewhat dim at the very front is a blackboard about 1 meter long the environment should be as simple as possible Li Fuching casually touched the table and it immediately fell apart which made him somewhat embarrassed I didn't use any force Li Jiguang smiled and said it's okay I'll fix it in a bit Li Fuching then gave him a few suggestions such as opening a new window as it was too dark and bad for the child's eyes of course having more windows would make him suffer in the cold weather so they would have to find a solution later teaching aids such as desks and blackboards also need to be of good quality he also discovered that the school did not have toilets so he suggested building one at least to prevent the children from relieving themselves in the wild which would look terrible just tell the old party secretary the school is useful to everyone in the village who doesn't have children even if we don't have one now we can always have one later therefore the whole village needs to participate in these matters Li Fuqing didn't stay long and soon went home not long after I got home Li Dakai arrived this time his hair was shorter and he looked more energetic no longer so messy he was also wearing a clean set of clothes and was smiling smugly it looks like something good is going to happen have you gotten married Li Dacai chuckled and said not yet but I'm getting ready so I was wondering if I could borrow uncle 21's bicycle is that all right he had already delivered the grain to Xiao Yuan's house and obtained her parents consent so the two of them obtained letters of introduction in their respective villages and then went to get their marriage certificate Le Dacai thought that since his 21st uncle had a bicycle if he rode it to pick up his wife it would make both Shao Yun's family and his family look good when do we need it Li Fuching asked afternoon that's fast getting married these days is so convenient if you like each other you can get your marriage certificate on the same day it's nothing like in later years when some women would ask to date for several more years and deliberately delay getting married it's over there take it away Li Fushing pointed I'll treat you to wedding candy when I get back Li Dakai smiled even wider Li Fushing patted him on the shoulder saying he didn't care about the wedding candy he didn't like it and wasn't short of candy wait he suddenly called out to Li Dakai Li Fushin returned to the inner room and quickly brought out an enamel basin with the character Double Happiness on it giving it to Li Dakai since you all call me uncle now consider this enamel basin your wedding gift Lee Dok Hai thanked him repeatedly saying that his family was in dire need of an enamel basin in rural areas having two new towels an enamel basin and a thermos is considered a sign of status for a wedding unlike in the city where people value the so called three big bicycles sewing machines and watches rural people can't afford any of these let alone all three his father bought thermos flasks towels and wedding candies from the supply and marketing cooperative but they were out of enamel basins so there was nothing he could do the two towels that uncle 21 gave him are a real life saver helping him complete his collection of the three essential items for rural life they even lent him a bicycle to pick people up letting him have a moment of glory please come to my house for the wedding banquet later with your great uncle although life is tough we still have to set up two tables and invite the old party secretary and other respected elders in the village to have a drink together okay I'll be there later oh and take these cigarettes with you Li Fuching took out a pack of decimals cigarettes and told the kid to save face when he went to pick up the person Lee Dakai was deeply moved and reached into his pocket to take out money Chapter 38 how could it not taste good if it's stir fried with sugar on such a joyous occasion don't make me scold you Lee fushing glared Lee Dakai chuckled withdrew his hand and turned to push his bicycle Lee Fushing soon realized something was wrong why was that kid only pushing and not riding Li Jichuan who was building a house laughed and said this kid can't ride a horse at all he'll probably be pushing his bride back later Li Fushing chuckled you can't blame Li Dakai his Li family village didn't even have a single bicycle before who could ride one the only thing they could barely manage was the tricycle they had before when Li Fushin returned to the house he saw Wan Kai and his two siblings watching over Fei Fei who was sleeping soundly after eating he felt somewhat gratified and decided to reward them with some good food suddenly I remembered the roasted chestnuts I ate in my past life she went to the kitchen bought 10 pounds of chestnuts on pindadoo brought them back poured them into a basin and started washing them upon seeing this Wan Kai and his two siblings who had been watching over Fe Fe all came over big brother what are you going to do Li Fuching said with a make something delicious then go wash some sand the coarser kind and make sure it's clean OK Wang Kai nodded in agreement although he found it strange that sand was needed to make delicious food he did whatever his older brother told him to do brother I want to help too wongya quickly said afraid that he wouldn't get any credit Li Fuching told him no need you just need to wait and start the fire in a bit fearing he might get snot in the food Li Fuching quickly reassigned him to a different post making him tend to fire big brother what do I need to do Wang Hua blinked go and watch your sister while she sleeps make sure she doesn't get bitten by mosquitoes okay Wang Hua skipped back to Fei Fei's side and carefully observed the surroundings after washing and draining the chestnuts Fuching used a knife to make two cuts on each Chestnut this step was crucial the cuts had to reach the Chestnut meat inside after finishing this task Wan Kai washed the sand and dried it Wang yeah go and start the fire Li Fuching instructed Wang yeah immediately ran to the kitchen almost every child in the village knew how to start a fire and he could start one even faster than Li Fuching after heating the pot Li Fuching poured in the sand and stirred it then poured in the sugar syrup he just bought this from Pinduoduo he was too lazy to cook it himself anyway there are only 3 kids at home Wonkai and his two children so he doesn't need to explain it to them the purpose of syrup is to lubricate the sand and heat it after the sugar syrup was evenly stirred and the sand became shiny poured in the chestnuts and continued to stir fry keep the fire a little smaller he told Wangya Wangya immediately pulled out two pieces of firewood once the chestnuts started to change color Li Fushin added more syrup by this time a sweet aroma wafted out and Wan Kai and Wan Yue kept sniffing Wang Hua who was watching over her younger sister couldn't help but look into the kitchen if her older brother hadn't told her to keep an eye on her sister she would have run into the kitchen long ago a sweet aroma wafted out of the kitchen and spread to the surrounding area wow fushing also has roasted chestnuts they smell so good even Leiji Shin and the others who were working were finding it hard to resist let alone the children who smelled the aroma and came over one by one just then Grandpa and grandma came home they could smell the aroma and knew it was roasted chestnuts ever since their beloved grandson came back it seems like there's a constant stream of delicious food at home Grandpa and grandma try my roasted chestnuts later Li Fuching was adept at coaxing the old lady as soon as he saw the two elders return he immediately went up to help the old lady originally old Mrs Lee was a little reluctant to do it roasting chestnuts with sugar was something that probably only her grandson fuchsin in the entirely family village would do and even people in the surrounding villages didn't do it sugar is so precious but after being helped up by her grandson and hearing him say that they should try it she suddenly realized that none of that mattered anymore Grandma Lee was easily satisfied and had few extravagant desires okay grandma will wait to eat Grandma Lee said with a smile Grandpa Lee also said it smells delicious the village children all craned their necks to look inside although they all wanted to eat none of them went into the yard because their families had told them not to when they heard that Brother D'kai was getting married they originally planned to go to the Village Entrance to pick up the bride and ask for wedding candy but when they smelled this fragrance they completely forgot about the wedding candy 20 minutes later the roasted chestnuts whose aroma had whetted everyone's appetite were finally ready to be served Li Fuching casually picked one up peeled it open and put it in his mouth sweet and delicious it's done Li Fuching then ladled out a large plate and handed it to the eagerly waiting wonkai take it over and eat with your uncle and aunt Wanya go wash your hands that kid Wanya has already run away Li Fushing had noticed the children outside long ago so he filled some more containers and took them outside the children all knew that this 21 year old grandfather disliked chaos so they all lined up neatly on their own Li Fushing roasted a lot of chestnuts today so he gave three to each child be careful everyone it's hot Li Fuqing instructed the child who received the chestnuts jumped for joy and didn't forget to thank Grandpa 21 the moment he put the chestnuts in his mouth he felt that they were the most delicious thing he had ever eaten after distributing the food to the children Li Fuqing went back to the kitchen took another plate and went to the house builder's side Brother Jichuan let everyone take a break and try my roasted chestnuts alright these kids have been craving it for ages they're not paying attention at all while they're working Li Jichun had just given them a good scolding we'll just try one roasting chestnuts with sugar is too extravagant just divide these up there's still plenty left in the kitchen enough to eat hearing this Liechtenstein distributed the chestnuts to everyone filling their pockets however each of them only ate one taking the rest home for their families to try it's so delicious I've eaten chestnuts before but they're always steamed none of them are as fragrant as this it's like night and day it's stir fried with sugar how could it not taste good hurry up and eat and then get back to work damn it I've let you eat so well and you're all not paying attention Li Jichun said with a laugh that would be a mischaracterization of justice they all thought to themselves this is the most we've ever put our heart into it okay Li Fuqing went back into the house and poured a glass of water for his grandparents the roasted chestnuts were delicious but eating too many would make their mouths dry how is it grandma is it delicious grandmali smiled and said delicious these are the best chestnuts grandma has ever eaten fo shing you should eat more too my dear grandson made it so it has to be delicious Old Master Lee ate with great satisfaction feeling that the lives of the wealthy in the old society were nothing more than this the three siblings Wonkai and his sister ate very quickly their cheeks bulging out slow down no one's going to take it from you have some water Li Fushin said in Li Fushin's heart he already regarded the three of them as his own younger brothers and sisters oh right Grandpa it's to Kai's wedding day today he invited us to dinner they're hiring two people I bet only their family and the whole village gets that kind of treatment Grand Polly nodded alright let's go then actually it's better to eat at home what does De Kai have at home sweet potatoes and potatoes which he traded with his grandson for wood but since he invited you it means he respects you and you have to give him face Chapter 39 the reporters interview instantly overshadowed the cured meat I'll bring some things with me later he knew the situation at d'kai's house and guessed there wouldn't be any fancy dishes grandpa wasn't too keen on it but he didn't object either however from then on whenever there was a happy occasion in the village fushing would probably be invited to join it can't be said that this is a bad thing it has both advantages and disadvantages the advantage is that it can bring you closer to the villagers and everyone will treat you with more respect you will also have more influence in the village making it easier to get things done the downside is that you lose some things most people wouldn't do that especially since they don't even have enough to eat at home but fushing is the purchasing agent so he doesn't care about food and it doesn't bother him a few days ago Grandpa Li would have been troubled by it but ever since he saw his grandson receive so many prizes and awards he stopped worrying about those little things Li Fushing was quick and efficient arriving at the door with a piece of cured meat and several kilograms of fine rice when Li Dakai's father Li Ji Ming saw this he quickly came out to greet him fushing is here that's too kind of you how could you let yourself bring things to the wedding banquet isn't that a slap in the face to your brother Ji Ming he said that but he was actually very happy although he had prepared in advance and prepared two ducks this was the only dish he could present now with the meat and refined rice brought by the revitalization the staple food has changed from potatoes to refined rice and there is an extra main dish making us feel very prestigious I don't know how to express my gratitude Li Fuqing said with a smile Brother Ji Ming I won't give any money as a gift by the way my family is short of wood I'd like to have a set of furniture made I'll have d Kai send over a few logs when I have some free time sure come inside Li Ji Ming took the cured meat and rice it's just a few pieces of wood his family lacked everything except wood Li Jiming understood that Li Fuching had only made the request to save face for him which meant that the wood would be exchanged for cured meat and fine rice otherwise what will others think of his family people come to your house for a wedding banquet and have to bring their own food it won't sound good if word gets out after Li Fuqing stepped inside he found two elderly people sitting their home he had never seen before uncle 21 these are my maternal grandparents Li Dakai's younger brother introduced he racked his brains using a combination of coaxing and deception before finally persuading the two elderly people to move in with him grandma and grandpa this is my 21st uncle although the two elderly people had never met Lee Fushing they had long heard of his great reputation the story of the hand pump while had already spread throughout the surrounding villages it was no secret furthermore their grandson often mentioned this person the grain in our house was obtained through barter with others therefore they were very enthusiastic towards le fouching without any heirs of elders of course they were not the type to put on heirs Li Fuqing chatted with Li Dakai's maternal grandfather for a while and then the old party secretary and others arrived followed by another round of pleasantries the old party secretary told Li Fuqing that Fei Fei's household registration had been settled he also asked Li Fuqing what should be planted in the riverbed and the team leader LED people to turn the soil which was very fast Li Fuxing said he would plant anything he knew that the river would probably dry up for the next year or two but he couldn't say that vegetables have the shortest growth cycle many vegetables can be harvested in one or two months while grains like sweet potatoes take several months however the price of vegetables is not high however the riverbed area is very large so it is entirely possible to grow more species with different growth cycles otherwise they'll all be taken in at once and it won't be easy to get them out even a steel mill with tens of thousands of employees can't handle that many at once Lee Fushing explained his thoughts one by one fushing you're very thoughtful we need to have a variety of things not just one the old party secretary agreed with Lee Fushing's suggestion how about this I'll see what seeds we can get and then we'll plant whatever they are as everyone expected ledochai did indeed bring his bride back on a bicycle after entering the village he handed out wedding candy to the children who gathered around him there weren't many wedding candies to begin with so we could only give one to each person with the children's blessings in hand Li Dakai was overjoyed he pushed his bride back home and began to introduce her to the elders in his family especially his 21 year old uncle Li Fushin next he served tea to his father the wedding ceremony ended simply like that life is tough these days and since we live in the countryside we don't care about such formalities there were no wedding ceremonies or anything like that Li Fushin watched from the side the bride's name was Song Yun she was about the same height as Li Dakai and a little thin but she always had a polite smile on her face the two were a good match may you grow old together in happiness and be forever united in heart Li Fuqing also offered his blessings Li Dakai heard from his father that his 21st uncle had brought several kilograms of fine rice and a piece of cured meat with him this time obviously to support him it would be a lie to say he wasn't grateful he had exchanged the grain he used to get married with Li Fuqing who also gave him an enamel basin lent him a bicycle and brought him fine rice and main dishes for his banquet even his own uncle might not be able to do this the bride Song Yun had also heard Lee Dakai mention this uncle 21 who was a purchasing agent at a steel rolling mill and had great abilities the legendary water pump well that was being talked about was actually created by him she also did a good deed for her husband's family therefore she held Lee Fushing in high esteem when Song Yun saw the rice cured meat and duck on the table during the meal she breathed a sigh of relief this meal also represented her husband's family's attitude towards her her husband's family was in a much better situation than her own family now that she's married into this family she shouldn't have to go hungry anymore apart from Li Fuxing and his grandson everyone else ate very quickly at the meal including the old party secretary even though everyone was trying to restrain themselves everyone chatted for a while longer as it got dark they decided not to disturb the newlyweds any longer Li Fuqing pushed the bicycle back he was unaware that a newspaper reporter had come to his courtyard house to look for him today they first went to the steel rolling mill but found no one there so they could only interview the mill's leaders and employees then they went to the courtyard house but found nothing there either and could only interview the residents and compile their opinions of Li Fuching this incident caused a huge reaction both in the steel rolling mill and in the courtyard house it's in the newspaper after all not everyone can do that when Director Chen of the sub district office heard about this he was very pleased and arranged for staff to cooperate in the publicity firstly their neighborhood has a celebrity which brings prestige to the neighborhood so publicity is necessary secondly director Chen also had some personal motives she considered Li Fushing one of her own she had a good impression of Li Fushing from the beginning and wanted to get to know him but she never expected that Li Fushing would surprise her so quickly the next morning Li Fushing checked penduado as usual today's one cent flash sale is for 10 pounds of sausages after having breakfast and playing with Fe Fe for a while Li Fushing rode his bicycle back to the city as soon as he returned to the courtyard house he was surrounded by his neighbors they all talked at once about the reporters interview yesterday leaving Li Fushing dumbfounded fushing Director Chen from the neighborhood office wants you to come over the three women said the neighborhood committee asked Uncle Sand to deliver a message but Uncle Sand didn't see Lee Fushing by the time he got to work so he asked Aunt Sand to pass on the message Chapter 40 the neighborhood committee's reward soap and a thermos okay thank you Andy we're from the same compound why be so polite the third auntie said with a smile the other women in the courtyard also praisedly fussing some people couldn't help but mention Leifushin's father his son was so outstanding yet he ran off with a widow what was he thinking even if he wanted to find a woman with old Lee's conditions it would be easy he could have just married her I wish they had such an outstanding son Gu Chung and Ching Yuwen came over and gave leifushin the money from selling the cured meat it was about the same as the day before yesterday the price of cured meat was not as good as that of fresh meat but the quantity was more wow fushing is amazing it's just a pity I wasn't home yesterday what's there to regret the reporters will probably come again today right fushing why don't you just stay home and wait instead of going anywhere today Gu Chung and Qin Yuan were both very excited just like they were the ones being interviewed Li Fuching ignored the two men and after settling the accounts urged them to leave wait fushing this is for you Qing Yuan took something out of his pocket and gave it to Li Fushing a painting where did it come from he opened it and found it was an ancient painting signed by Tang Bohu I saw it last night and it was traded for three caddies of cured meat I remember you said you liked this stuff didn't you Li Fucheng narrowed his eyes so the original owner of this body had this hobby although he possesses the memories of his predecessor he doesn't remember everything even the original owner of the body couldn't possibly remember every single word he said right however these antiques are indeed valuable and if I come across them I'll definitely buy them you can just put it in your Pinduo Duo backpack and you don't have to worry about people searching it if you come across any antiques in the future just buy them for me and I'll pay for them but don't bother looking for them safety is more important Li Fushin said some reborn protagonists are so afraid to even accept treasures they find fearing everything Li Fuching simply couldn't understand it if it were a hook thrown at you to harm you refusing it would be understandable but the problem is no one wants to harm the protagonist besides if you travel to this era and have resources why would you eat coarse food and wild vegetables with everyone else isn't that self torture if you're really worried about being reported you can just eat secretly never thought about changing the course of history he only wanted to make the people and things around him better as a time traveler while it's not advisable to be ostentatious one can't be too cowardly either right Lee Fushing then took a few bottles of milk and two packets of milk powder and went out when I arrived at the neighborhood office I found that the same old man on duty at the entrance was the same person as last time he offered her a cigarette sir I'm looking for Director Chun the old man took the cigarette and said with a smile you must be Lee Fushing come on in Li Fuching was unaware that he was now famous in the neighborhood few people might have seen him but almost everyone had heard of him he arrived at Director Chen's office with practiced ease and knocked on the door please come in Aunt Shun are you busy Lee Fushing asked with a smile as he pushed open the office door when Director Chen saw that it was Lee Fushing a smile immediately appeared on his face you've really accomplished something great without making a sound we've invited you here today to give you a reward from our neighborhood it's not much but it's a token of our appreciation the government and the steel mill have both given money so the local street administration has to reciprocate then I thank Aunt Shun and the neighborhood committee Li Fushin said quickly the neighborhood committee may not have much power but it is the local authority living here means you can't get around them in anything Li Fushing certainly understands this so he still needs to maintain good relations with them Director Chen gave Li Fushing the reward from the subdivision office which consisted of several bars of soap and a thermos among other daily necessities Aunt Shun is the milk we drank before still safe to drink Li Fuqing asked Director Chen was taken aback why are you suddenly asking this could it be poisonous I heard that children shouldn't drink too much milk because it's bad for their digestion so I brought two bags of milk powder with me today Aunt Shun please take them back for your child to drink after that I'll have a friend make some more Li Fushing placed the milk powder on his desk as he spoke Director Chen accepted the milk powder with great joy fushing thank you so much she then gave Li Fushing 20 yuan she was still wondering how to ask for the money as she had already finished the milk by the way Aunt Chen there's a spare room in our courtyard I have a childhood friend named Lu Cheng Yuan his family is quite large and there aren't enough rooms for everyone so he asked me to ask if he could move in Li Fushin tentatively suggested is Luching Yun also from your institute yes they live in the front yard Li Fushin nodded then let him apply for the procedures directly at the subdistrict office okay I'll go back and tell him thank you Aunt Shun Li Fuching said then prepared to say goodbye and leave don't rush off yet a reporter from the newspaper is coming to interview you soon this is a big deal for our neighborhood director Chen said Lee Fushing had no choice but to nod and sit down fortunately a reporter from the times arrived shortly afterward the reporter who interviewed Lee Fushing was young and began the interview with a simple question and answer format Lee Fushing repeated the same old rhetoric the hand pump while already existed he simply made some improvements our Chinese civilization has a long history and contains many very practical things we should explore them further and contribute to the country's development and people's lives Li Fuching started off in a very high pitched tone and the young reporter seemed to be on a high who was standing to the side nodded frequently as he listened she originally thought Li Fushing would be nervous so she deliberately sat to the side unexpectedly Li Fushing was not nervous at all and spoke very eloquently Comrade Li Fushing what you said is very good I personally agree with you very much the reporter exclaimed sincerely Lee Fushing then explained his original intention in improving the hand pump well to make it easier for his grandparents to use water this made the people present admire Lee people generally have a very good impression of those who are filial thank you very much comrade Li Fushing for agreeing to the interview please remember to check out our newspaper tomorrow reporter Chen stood up with satisfaction and shook hands with Li Fushing Li fushing exchanged pleasantries again then saw off the reporter and his companions before they left he gave each of them a pack of cigarettes although the interview was over who knew if the report would be tampered with one can never be too careful so Li Fushing gave the other party several packs of Jean Hua cigarettes Brother Li is such a nice guy yes young and promising the visitors praised him Qian Qishan chuckled Li Fushin had just told him that if he needed a small amount of food he could contact him Xin Xishan knew of course that Li Fuxing was a purchasing agent and had no doubt that he could get his hands on gray when he got back he also needed to carefully organize the manuscript and see how to report it appropriately Li Fuxing then returned to the courtyard house with the reward issued by the street office as soon as he entered the gate he ran into Ching Yuwen's mother fouching you're getting a new one before you're even married she asked puzzled seeing Li fouching carrying a new thermos and other items Li Fuqing explained Auntie this is a reward issued by the Neighborhood Committee Chapter 41 a reward that costs nothing and makes her look good grandma is overjoyed Aunt Liu immediately praised fouching you've really made something of yourself but in his heart he thought enviously how come other people's children are all so capable Li Fuching didn't respond to her words but said Aunt Liu isn't there an empty room in the front yard Ching Yuwen told me last time that there wasn't enough room at home so I mentioned it to Director Choon of the neighborhood committee today and she told Ching Yuwen to go to the neighborhood committee to fill out an application Aunt Liu's face immediately lit up with joy really I must thank fushing properly I'll go tell Qing Yuan right away she was so happy everyone's eyeing that empty room in the front yard which family doesn't have a lot of people except of course Lee Fushing she didn't expect Lee Fushing to be so helpful of all her son's friends fushing is the most reliable she is genuinely happy that her son has such a childhood friend if things get tough in the future fushing might be able to lend a hand she rushed to find her son she needed to get the house back as soon as possible that rat I wonder where he's been wandering off to again he was just in the yard a moment ago Lee Fushing then went to the steel rolling mill again just to check in sure enough he had become a celebrity in the factory all six purchasing agents he was assigned to had gone out to make purchases leaving only Lee Wibben in the office Li Fuching chatted with him for a while before leaving the steel rolling mill he then went to Kwan Jude and bought a roast duck this roast duck is expensive in some ways but cheap in others it costs 5 yuan on a duck it seems expensive on the surface considering that the average wage these days is only 20 or 30 yuan but this price is much cheaper compared to the black market some people might think why not buy more from a legitimate store and resell them on the black market at a high price to make a fortune it's simply impossible you need tickets to buy anything now so there's no possibility of large scale purchases Li Fuching knew that in a few years Quanjud would not be spared either and even its signboard would be gone and it would be renamed Beijing Roast Duck in Beiping besides Quanjud there was also Biannifang Roast Duck both are roast duck but the two restaurants have different techniques quanjude roast duck in a hanging oven while biannifang roast duck in a closed oven each has its own merits and it's impossible to say which one is better or worse after buying the roast duck Li Fuching added some apples noodles and sausages to his shopping basket I also bought some miscellaneous seeds on pindadeo mainly short cycle vegetables such as green beans rape seed and chayote which can be harvested in a little over a month there are also some radishes pumpkins etc with a longer growth cycle it's only the beginning of June now so even crops that take three or four months to grow can be harvested before the snow this might have some impact on the harvest but it doesn't matter since they're grown on the riverbed and all the produce belongs to the village after buying the items we returned to Liji Oswayng you're back so early today Grandpa was pleasantly surprised to see Lee Fushing stop his bicycle and carry the shopping basket into the house he thought he wouldn't be back until tonight or even tomorrow there was nothing going on at the factory so I came back early Grandpa I bought a roast duck we'll have this for dinner tonight okay roast duck is ready Grandpa Lee is so old and he's hardly ever eaten roast duck these days he can only afford roast duck thanks to his good grandson his son that would be a long time coming after returning to the house lefouching began taking things out of the shopping basket grandma also came out from the inner room she had just coaxed little Fe Fe to sleep these sausages were made by a friend and I bought some his bluffing becoming increasingly fluent grandma took the sausage these sausages are really well made she actually wanted her grandson to stop bringing food here so often since there was still plenty of cured meat and then she brought back sausages they couldn't possibly finish them all grandma let's have roast duck tonight let Wonkai and the others come too it'll be more lively taking out the roast duck it's aroma filling the air okay grandma knows grandmali understood that her grandson had specially brought this food back for them while she was touched she was also a little worried about her grandson's extravagant spending this doesn't look like a normal life lately my grandson has been bringing things home like they're free hopefully after he gets married he'll have someone to keep an eye on him and change his ways Grand Polly didn't think so his grandson had been performing too well lately with such ability wouldn't he be able to support the family importantly he realized that although his grandson was extravagant he was calm and reliable there are also apples here a gift from a colleague Grandpa and grandma you should try them Li Fuching said making up another story the two elders were both astonished apples are harder to get than meat these days so it seems their grandson's colleague is quite capable there were also noodles teacups and other items the factory reward was given to Grandpa so this one is for grandma why are you buying teacups again Old Master Lee asked noticing a thermos underneath was he planning to move back to the village this wasn't bought for Grandpa it was a reward from the neighborhood committee there was also a wash basin but I didn't bring it back this tea mug is perfect for my grandma Grandma Lee was overjoyed the reward was free and made her feel important then I'll take the seeds to the old party secretary Grand Polly said alright go ahead and come back soon Fushin then took the seeds to the old party secretary and handed them to him Fushin thank you for your help do you think this money is enough the old party secretary said taking out the money there wasn't much money left in the village he was very grateful to Li Fuxing first they helped solve the food problem and then they came up with such a good idea finding a clear path for the village's development if they do it well their village may be able to become rich Li Fuching didn't even look at it and simply put it away that's enough party secretary remember to set aside some land I'll bring back some corn seeds in a few days he understood that even if this crop yielded a good harvest there wouldn't be enough to eat later so it was necessary to plant some coarse grains in preparation the old party secretary smiled and said that's exactly what I was thinking I'll have to trouble you as rural people they all knew in their hearts that there would definitely not be enough food to eat later the only crop that can still be planted now is autumn corn which was planted about 10 days before the wheat harvest so it's in time without that section of the riverbed it would all be just a fantasy after all you need land to farm in Zhao Family Village village Chief Zhao was listening to the news that the villagers had inquired about village chief should we who would want to let go of such a large and fertile piece of land they'd always treated it like a river and even when it dried up no one ever thought of using it now that Lige Oswayng has made the first move what are they waiting for what if there's water then someone asked do you think that river will still have water this year the problem is we don't have any seeds nowadays grain seeds are usually reserved by the village in advance and it's very difficult to buy them from outside so if any village couldn't resist eating the grain they planted the consequences would be very serious village chief Zhao said we'll arrange for people to till the land tomorrow just the land within our village now that this piece of land unplanned by the authorities has been discovered there's absolutely no reason to give it up especially since people in Zhao Family Village have just starved to death it's all the more precious Chapter 42 everyone's eating roast duck will eat apples tomorrow as for the seeds we need to think about it carefully good the villagers were all eager and full of enthusiasm they also understood that anything grown on the riverbed belonged to the village and did not need to be handed over to higher authorities at least that was the case until there were explicit regulations from above everyone was talking about the empty room no one expected that loching you in would get there first all right stop complaining I never wanted that empty house in the first place I'm an old man in the courtyard if our family ends up getting that house what will others think actually he was relieved that the vacant room had been taken by someone else his own mother was watching the house every day and nagging him every night which was getting a bit annoying for him as the oldest resident in the compound he has to set an example and save face he can't abuse his power for personal gain if he really takes the house will anyone in the compound still respect him now everything's fine no one has to worry about it anymore the older woman didn't say anything more but she felt it was a bit of a pity Lu Cheng Yun and his family were having dinner Cheng Yun's sister in law nudged her husband signaling him to speak although the empty house was only one room it wasn't small and could easily be divided into two rooms it would definitely be better for the family of four to move there than to stay at home I never dared to imagine it before but who could have predicted that they would take over that empty room Ching Yuwen's older brother remained silent only focusing on his meal what was he supposed to say that's his own younger brother and he'd heard that Lee Fushing had helped him get the house his brother and Lee Fushing were childhood friends he asked for it what are people supposed to think Liu Qing Yuan's mother saw through her eldest daughter in law's actions at a glance in order to maintain family relations she said directly that house was obtained by Fushing for Qing Yuan so you can forget about it after Qing Yuan moved out the empty little room was given to fushing and his brother to live in this is to tell the tell this daughter in law that Ching Yuwen's room is for your son to stay in and that this matter should end here and she should not push her luck Liu Ching yuwen's father nodded in agreement Ching Yuwen tomorrow have your mother steam some buns and boil some eggs you can take them and distribute them to each family after you move them over set up two tables he knew that although the people in the courtyard didn't say anything on the surface they were always a little unhappy inside although everyone knew that Li Fuching had helped no one complained about him Lee Fushing is a purchasing agent he's capable and now he's a celebrity he also has a good relationship with the street office only someone out of their mind would offend Lee Fushing they might need Lee Fushing's help in the future they will only be unhappy with you luring you in at this point you need to be a little more tactful he who takes a man's money is bound to do his bidding send some steamed buns and eggs and treat everyone to a meal that'll settle the matter of the house if you handle the social niceties well and someone still gossips then that's your fault the whole hospital will give it to you although Luching Un was impulsive he wasn't ignorant just give it to the ones in our front yard okay Luching Un nodded in agreement several households in the front yard were whispering about this matter the quietest family was the SIU family they knew they had little chance of competing so they had no hope to begin with hearing that Li Fushin was involved they had even less reason to object fouching is truly capable Widow Lee exclaimed Grandma Zhang also said that child is someone we've watched grow up he's been smart since he was little uncle could you pour me a little more just a little Lee Daugherty asked the old man for wine with a shameless grin that's all take it or leave it old masterly glared at him the wine my grandson brought back is so good we've almost finished a bottle already why would I let you keep drinking it Lee Fushing picked up a piece of duck meat and gave it to Grandma Lee Grandma eat more it was Won Kai and his friends first time eating roast duck if their mother hadn't told them not to they probably would have started eating it without a care in the world it was so delicious it's always good when my older brother comes home he always has delicious food that they've never eaten before Yong May held Fei Fei in one arm and chopsticks in the other ever since her nephew came back their meals have been getting better and better especially for her three children although the roast duck smelled delicious she only took a few bites it's already embarrassing enough that the whole family came over for a meal it would be even more inappropriate if they ate and drank excessively it's fine for the kids to eat a little more but the adults need to be considerate after finishing the meal yongmei quickly cleared away the dishes and then fed Fei Fei formula Uncle Aunt I've made two outfits please try them on she said to Grandpa Lee and grandmali next I need to make a few more outfits for Feifei after all the cloth was brought back by Li Feifei so how could it be without Feifei if it were her own child she would definitely wear what Wang Hua and the others had left over but Feifei is different although she was adopted it's clear that Li Feifei treats her like a younger sister or even like a daughter Mr Lee and Mrs Lee tried on the clothes and they fit perfectly although her skills were mediocre Grandma Lee didn't find fault with her work when Lee Dodjian's family was about to leave Grandma Lee took out a few apples these apples were brought back from fushing take them home and eat them Auntie this is from fushing for you you should keep it yongmei waved her hand repeatedly who wouldn't want to eat an apple the three siblings Wan Kai and his sister stared longingly their mouths practically watering Lee Fushing said third aunt please take what my grandma gave you and let Wan Kai and the others have a taste too Le Dieuwen and his family were extremely grateful when they left they took Fei Fei with them the child was restless at night and they didn't want fushing and the two elders to suffer once home Wong Yue eagerly asked mom when are we going to eat apples we're having roast duck tonight and we'll eat the apples tomorrow Wong Kai and his two siblings were a little disappointed but they didn't dare to ask any more questions they could only hope that tomorrow would come soon kids always look forward to holidays and feel like time is passing so slowly adults dread holidays and festivals not only because they worry about holiday expenses but also because they've grown a year older time flies like an arrow and before they know it another year has passed Young May teased Fe Fei in her arms you little girl I don't know where you've accumulated such good fortune after they left Grandma Li picked out a big red one for her grandson after washing it Li Fushin cut it in 2 Grandpa and grandma please eat it don't be reluctant I brought it back to show my respect to you Mr and Mrs Lee were very pleased they had been laughing in their dreams having almost forgotten about their son okay let's all eat Grandma Lee picked out another one after eating the apple grandma lit the only kerosene lamp in the house and put it in his room Li Fuqing thought that he should get another lamp next time and a flashlight would also be necessary so that it would be convenient for his grandparents to get up at night the electricity supply in the village is really unstable sometimes it's not available at all and sometimes it's not in the middle of the night Li Fushin was awakened by shouts coming from outside uncle 21 help me Li Fuching quickly put on his shoes and went out only to see several anxious people standing outside the door one of whom was a woman holding a three or four year old child in her arms what happened Chapter 43 Taro killed in a flash house finished my child has a persistent high fever could I borrow your bicycle Lee Daping asked urgently Lee Fushing stepped forward and touched the child's forehead he frowned slightly it was too hot even if they were taken to the hospital they would be severely burned Li Fushing ran back into the house he originally wanted to buy fever reducers on Pinduoduo but they weren't available yet so he had to settle for buying a bottle of alcohol when Li Fushing came out his grandparents also got up how did it get burned like this quickly wet a towel with cold water and apply it to the burn old Mrs Lee was very experienced this is physical cooling and it is effective Li fuching bringing alcohol is strictly speaking the same principle I've applied it but it didn't have any effect rural people have their own ways of dealing with illness they only see a doctor when traditional remedies fail going to the hospital indicates a very serious condition Li Fuqing handed the alcohol to Li Daaping's wife apply this to the child's body to lower his fever otherwise he will get a high fever if we don't go to the hospital remember don't apply it to his chest and stomach no one questioned it after all Li Fucheng grew up in the city was highly educated and knew a lot so what he said must be correct it feels cool and refreshing and it's useful Lee Daping said happily Lee Fushing pushed a bicycle over can you ride it Lee Dapings family was stunned for a moment only then realizing that none of them knew how to ride a bicycle they had been in a panic only thinking that Lee Fushing had a bicycle and could get into the city quickly all right leifushin understood just by looking at their eyes you carry him on your back and sit in the back thank you uncle 21 Lee Dapin nodded vigorously tied the child to his back and quickly sat on the back seat of the bicycle keep an eye on the child leifushin said then exerted his strength seeing her son go to the hospital Lee Dapings wife immediately knelt down and cowed how to Lee Fushing's grandparents what are you doing get up Lee Fushing usually takes more than an hour to ride but this time he entered the city in less than an hour and stopped in front of the hospital Lee Dapin carried his son on his back and rushed inside while shouting the doctors didn't want a delay so they immediately began examinations what kind of parent are you bringing him here when he was already burning up like this if you had come any later you would have regretted it you applied alcohol didn't you that was done well the doctor examined him and immediately scoldedly dapping Lee Dapping sighed and said doctor we are from LG Oswayng which is a bit far away we have sent it here as quickly as possible he secretly rejoiced that his 21st uncle happened to be there okay let's go pay the Bill first the doctor didn't want to argue with him Lee Dapeng reached into his pocket and realized he had left in such a hurry that he had forgotten his money Lee Fushing took out 10 yuan and handed it to him pay me the money first then return it to me when you get back he sat in the chair not wanting to move at all his legs were still trembling when he walked in Lee Dapeng immediately ran to pay the fee which cost 3 yuan in total this wasn't much for Lee Fushing but it was a considerable sum for rural people who earned work points Lee Dapeng for example only earns a little over 30 yuan a year my son's fever took up almost a tenth of our medical resources in fact a regular fever doesn't cost much money but Lee Dapeng's son's situation was somewhat special it wasn't until dawn that the child's condition stabilized and the high fever gradually subsided we just needed to get some medicine and go home to rest since that's the case Lee Daping certainly wouldn't waste any more money on hospitalization so he immediately carried his son on his back and prepared to go home Lee Fushing took the father and son out for breakfast steamed buns and porridge as for the famous fermented mung bean juice he said whoever wanted to drink it could but Lee Fushing felt he couldn't enjoy it eat more don't be shy with me I won't go back with you later you can take the bus Li Fuching saw that Li Deaping had only eaten one bun and didn't take a second one so he knew that Li Deaping was embarrassed there are now buses that go out of town but they don't go to lijiaozhang the final stop is only Shuangkang Commune Lee Dapping smiled and waved his hand one is enough for me then he added no need to take a car I can carry him back it won't take too long we'll definitely get there before noon why take the bus doesn't the ticket cost money he had heard that it would cost 15 cents to travel from here to Shirah commune Lee Dapping doesn't earn this much even after a day's work in the village it's best not to save a few cents on the bus fare the journey is so long your son can't handle it it would be a loss if his condition worsened as soon as he got home children are indeed a parent's Achilles heel hearing what Lee Fushing said Lee Dapeng hesitated he was also worried that his son's condition would worsen just like Lee Fushing had said and then it wouldn't be a matter of just a few cents after weighing the pros and cons Lee Dapin finally decided to listen to his 21st uncle and take a car back to the village Lee Fushing stood up alright take the leftovers with you just wait for the bus when you get to the street when you get back remember to tell my grandparents that I might not be coming back today alright uncle 21 after Li Fushing left Li Daping gave his son another steamed bun and packed the remaining two to take back for his other two children Li Fushing rode his bicycle and checked out today's pinnedado 1 cent flash sale section it's 10 caddies of taro the goods today are pretty average not worth much but it's better than nothing back at the courtyard house they ran into Ching Yuwen who was carrying steamed buns and eggs as he came out seeing that Li Fushing was walking unsteadily and seemed a bit weak Ching Yuwen couldn't help but chuckle fushing did you spend the night as a groom Li Fushing glared you think I'm like you staying out all night a child in the village had a fever and I rode my bike to take him to the hospital gathering so many steamed buns and eggs are you going to have your last meal before you're executed PA you're only having your last meal we've already got that empty room haven't we my dad told me to give each family in the front yard some steamed buns and eggs after I move in we'll have to set up two tables you should come too Ching Yuwen said he was the No. 1 contributor to the revival and we can't do without him Li Fuching thought to himself as expected experience counts he's so thoughtful okay just call me when the time comes do you have enough vegetables do you need me to get you some meat Lee Fushing asked can you get pork my mother is thinking of buying two chickens the main problem was that pork was hard to buy and families had few meat ration coupons I'll ask around for you Lee Fushing said not giving a definitive answer want one it's fresh out of the steamer Qing Yuan placed the steamed bun in front of Li Fuching no need I just ate some steamed buns and need to go back and catch up on my sleep Li Fuching shook his head then go quickly Li Fuching had just gone back to lie down when he heard a knock on the door rejuvenation revival it's Master Zhang Li Fushin got up opened the door and offered a few cigarettes Master Zhang what's wrong the renovations over there are finished look okay then I'll trouble everyone to move the things over there he went to check out the renovated area and found it to be much better than before especially the addition of a bathroom meant he no longer needed to use public restrooms chapter 44 Steamed Millet with sausage after moving the things Mr Zhang seemed hesitant to speak so Li Fushing said Mr Zhang just say what you want to say fouching I heard you're a purchasing agent at the steel rolling mill so I was wondering if you could help me get some grain you can deduct it from my wages later Master Zhang had no other choice he was asking on behalf of a worker who was struggling to make ends meet the other workers though without any surplus food were still managing to get by Li Fushing was a purchasing agent and they already knew about it want some taro Li Fushing asked he bought 10 pounds of taro today and if that's not enough he can buy some more since they're not expensive anyway yes I want it can't we still be picky now as long as it's food it's fine actually taro is more filling than sweet potato okay I'll bring it to you later thank you so much fushing Master Zhong said repeatedly after he went outside he told everyone about it and everyone worked even harder when Li Fushing woke up he saw Zhang's son Shao Haitao cleaning his bicycle Shao Haitao was cleaning it very carefully even picking off the MUD from the pedals this isn't the first time this little guy has helped him wash his car Li Fuxing took a banana out of his backpack quietly put it in Shao Hetao's arms and patted his head take it home and eat it thank you brother Fushing Shao Hai Tao hid the bananas and ran home to show them to his grandma grandma look this is a banana that Brother Fuchshen gave me last time an old lady had a few bananas at her house and all the children in the yard were drooling with envy you can't ask your grandson Fuchshen for food anymore Grandma Jung said assuming it was her grandson who had asked for it Shao Haitao quickly explained that he hadn't asked Brother Fushing for it it was a reward he received for wiping bicycles that's good grandma will peel a banana for you Grandma Zheng peeled a banana for her grandson and handed it to him Li Fushin carried some sausages to his second aunt's house Auntie er is cooking for Master Zhong and the others Auntie are you busy could you please cut some sausage and put it on top of the millet rice to steam together the rest is for you to try wow these sausages are so good thank you fushin let's have them together for lunch antiair was overjoyed sausages are meat too and there are quite a few sausages probably around a pound Li Fuching laughed and said I won't eat here I've made plans to eat with friends in fact his friend was completely fictitious he simply didn't want to eat millet porridge with everyone and wanted to eat something better he never intended to suffer after transmigrating after sending Li Fuching away the second ant kept a little more than half of the sausage cut up the rest making a whole plateful and steamed it on top of millet rice around noon after finishing their work Mr Zhang and his colleagues went to Aunt Air's house knowing the way well the sausage smelled quite strong they could smell it from a distance you're in for a treat today fushing brought you sausages Auntie Air said with a smile Master Zhang and his companions were very pleased fouching is too kind to be fair he divided the sausages equally into everyone's bowls and they all wolfed them down the group worked together quite well and kept four or five pieces second Aunt don't wash this bowl Master Zhang said to Second Aunt after they finished eating there's still sausage in the bowl we'll take it home for the kids tonight they brought their own bowls my aunt would wash them for them Auntie ere nodded in agreement fully understanding Mr Zhang and his group okay it'll be a good time for her to rest if it were possible even the donkeys in the production team would want a rest Gu Cheng came to finally fushing with a newspaper in hand fushing look you're in the newspaper Li Fushing glanced at it and saw that it was the Beijing Daily and the section about him was quite extensive it provides a detailed introduction to Li Fushing's basic information followed by a QA session and concludes with a summary praising Li Fushing's glorious deeds all the reports were positive but the final summary was a little exaggerated this made Li Fushing feel that his gift of those packs of cigarettes hadn't been in vain give me this newspaper Li Fushing took it directly he planned to take it back to the village to show his grandfather Grandpa will be happy to see this the people in the courtyard soon Learned that Li Fuxing had been in the newspaper and came to congratulate him living in the same courtyard made them feel proud and they could speak more confidently with people from other courtyards even Master Zhong and his companions felt very proud seeing that it was almost time for Master Zhong and the others to finish work Li Fushing bought another 50 catties of taro on Pendere Duo making a total of 60 catties before taking it out Master Zhong come here for a moment Master Zhong and his companions could guess what it was about and they all felt a sense of anticipation this is Taro a total of 60 caddies you can divide it among yourselves Master Zhong and his helpers thankfully fussing profusely and then began to distribute the food Pan Hu who was the most in need of food at home received 10 kilograms while Master Zhong and the other three each received 5 kg you guys go ahead I have something to say to the boss Master Zhang said to his helpers after those people left Master Zhang lowered his voice and asked fushing do you want any furniture furniture what kind Li Fuxing asked it's an heirloom well preserved with no wear and tear made of Wang Wally wood said Master Zhang he explained that he only decided to ask Li Fuxing about it because he noticed that Li Fuxing's furniture was damaged and Li Fuxing was able to obtain grain heirloom Wang Wally Wood furniture isn't this just antique furniture before he traveled through time Fuching had often heard rumors that Wang Walli would furniture from the Ming and Qing dynasties sold for astronomical prices with a single chair fetching millions how much does it cost they only want grain and meat not money if you want it I can ask them for you okay thank you for your help Master Zhang Li Fuxing said upon encountering such antique furniture Li Fuxing would definitely want to acquire it of course he wouldn't flaunt it he would simply store it in a pendentu backpack and wait for the right opportunity to bring it out he plans to handle all antiques in this way from now on as for the furniture at home he'll just buy a new set after the renovation is finished it's best not to be too high profile in your life and work at Aunt Air's house the family sat around the dining table on which was a plate of sausages old man look how good these sausages are they smell so good said Andier Uncle Erda wholeheartedly agreed that's right at this moment the youngest son couldn't resist reaching out wanting to break off a piece to eat the second uncle tapped his hand with his chopsticks don't rush let your mother make some for you today it has to be fooshing only their purchasing agents can get their hands on such good stuff old man is it hard being a purchasing agent if it's not hard let the eldest go too when the second uncle saw his eldest son's expectant face he immediately poured cold water on his hopes you think it's easy to get a purchasing agent position I don't know how lowly managed to get one before don't even think about it if you want to work in the renovation industry I'll talk to Lao Zhang and ask him to mentor you otherwise you can go learn to be a chef with your uncle chapter 45 all fat not a single piece of lean meat good meat he doesn't have the ability to make his son a purchasing agent then I'll learn to be a chef from my uncle at least I won't starve if I'm a chef even in years of famine pan who carried the 20 pounds of taro back to the large courtyard where he lived the large courtyard is different from the traditional courtyard house the environment can be described as dirty and chaotic and the people living there come from all over the country to put it bluntly the tenement courtyard was somewhat like a slum Panhu looked at the residents of the tenement each one of them was skin and bones from hunger and they looked really pitiful but he dared not feel sorry for them and gripped the cloth bag in his hand tightly when someone greets him he responds as usual trying to appear as natural as possible once home Panhu immediately closed the door the doors and windows of his house were pieced together from various parts and were in a dilapidated state my mother younger brother and younger sister all stay in bed and do not work trying to minimize their energy expenditure the family of several people were crammed into this small room of about 10 square meters when his older brother came back his younger siblings jumped off the bed they were so thin they looked almost unrecognizable pan who took out the leftover sausages from lunch and said leave two slices for mother her mother said let them eat they're starving then she also propped herself up and sat up pan who said mother the employer steamed a lot of sausages for us at noon today and also gave us a lot of taro the chef knew that our family was running out of food so he gave me 20 caddies we will have something to eat for a while you can have one piece the youngest daughter handed over the largest piece eat it mom hearing that her son had brought back 20 caddies of Taro Pan's mother breathed a sigh of relief and a long lost smile appeared on her face your employer is truly kind and righteous you must work hard listen to your master and learn well Mother Pan instructed this wasn't the first time she had given her son this instruction pan who was so tired of hearing it that his ears were practically calloused I know Mother Pan whose younger siblings ate it in small bites it was meat they felt they were missing out if they ate too fast Mommy the sausage is so delicious after finishing the sausage the little guy even licked his fingers he also longed to go out and work with his older brother so that he could have enough to eat Pan's mother separated the sausage in her hand and gave it to her daughter and youngest son eat quickly mother doesn't like it Pan Hu hesitated for a moment but ultimately remained silent he went to cook three taro roots that were on the larger side not daring to cook more for fear that there wouldn't be enough later I just feel that the burden on my shoulders has become heavier that evening Gu Chung and Xing Yuan found Li Fuxing and said they wanted to have a few drinks Li Fuching bought pork skin jelly some peanuts and a little bit of pigs head meat Andy Ching Yuwen felt that this was the life he had always dreamed of since he started hanging out with Li Fuching he can earn 2 or 3 yuan a day or at least 1 or 2 yuan he hands over half of the money and keeps the other half for himself in the past he wouldn't have dared to even think about it eating meat and drinking wine felt like a dream guoching nodded then as if he had heard something said in a low voice don't go to the black market tonight I heard there's some news that something's going on regardless of whether the news was true or not he was unwilling to take any risks if there was even the slightest discrepancy if you want to survive in this industry for a long time you have to be extremely careful and cautious and you absolutely cannot take chances not going Ching Yun frowned slightly he felt bad about losing one or two dollars a day didn't you hear the rumors I heard you but before he could finish speaking Qing Yuan from now on listen to Chinkai we'd rather earn less than gamble he thought to himself Guocheng is definitely more reliable alright since Li Fuxing had already said that Liuchun Yuan naturally wouldn't insist any further then Liuchun Yuan took out a key and handed it to Li Fuxing fushing this is the key to my house here take this one it was all agreed that things would probably be kept in that room from now on and Luchin Yun had no objection to this in the first place he was only able to get that house because of fushing moreover as Fushing said it's safer to keep the goods there and it will be easier for them to ship them out later Li Fushin nodded and put the key away is everything done should we have Master Zhong and the others go over and paint the walls Lu Cheng Yin shook his head no need I'm already very satisfied with having a place to stay I'm not as particular as you we're having two tables tomorrow are you free Lu Ching Yun knew that Li Fushin had been frequently going to Lijiazuiang lately and rarely returned to the city so he had to tell Li Fushin in advance tomorrow night right okay I'll get you some meat tomorrow do you want some sausages there are some left over there if you want them you can take some back with you later Li Fushin pointed to the cabinet next to him yes it would be good to have more dishes sausage is meat too why would you dislike it seeing that Gu Cheng was also somewhat interested Chinkai take some back with you too Gu Cheng and Lu Cheng yuan were both good at handling people when they took the sausages they left $1 behind even close brothers should keep clear accounts and that any amount was just a token gesture you can't drink and eat meat at your childhood friend's place and then take it all back with you at Guocheng's home his parents were quite emotional they knew that the family had enough to eat now and that this was thanks to Li Fushing big brother can I take it to school to eat tomorrow Gu ching fong gu ching size younger sister asked she now greatly admires her older brother her response was a flick on the forehead from her own mother eat whatever your classmates eat at school but I won't care about you now that you're back you've only had a few good meals and you're already getting cocky seeing his younger sister being scolded by their mother Gu Ching Kai didn't dare to say a word and could only give her a helpless look also you're not allowed to tell anyone at school what you eat at home understand Gu's mother gave her daughter a fierce look yes mother the second sister meanwhile kept eating the melon seeds her eldest brother brought back looking every bit the foodie Li Fushing checked the 1 cent flash sale section as usual today they gave us 5 kg of polished rice finally rice has arrived again just what Li Fuqing wanted it's good to stock up on this stuff he then bought some more pork and cut it into two portions my second aunt would help with the cooking and provide some meat Li Fushin then went to his second aunt's house where she was washing up at the door second aunt here's the meat we agreed on before auntie ere burst out laughing when she saw it this meat was really good it was thick with fat and almost no lean meat okay thank you fushing she immediately took the meat away and put it away when she had some free time later she would render it into lard which would be enough for her family to eat Li fushing then took another portion of meat to Qing Yuan Qing Yuan was pleasantly surprised this is too much I'll go get the money for you he thought it would be good enough to get even a little bit but unexpectedly fushing got him about £1 I had someone keep it for me I'll be going now if there's nothing else Li fushing took the money and prepared to go back to LG Oswayng as for the steel rolling mill he had no desire to go there at all since he was just a purchasing agent it didn't matter whether he went to the factory or not as long as he met his monthly purchasing targets that was enough Chapter 46 kerosene lamp delivering firewood in a few days I'll deliver another batch of meat to the factory and then everything will be fine Li Fushin bought a lot of chalk pencils notebooks and other school supplies on Pindo Duo these were for the school and he figured the village school should be starting soon in addition there was a flashlight and a kerosene lamp Gu Chung helped by the kerosene lamp pindoudo didn't have any but they did have table lamps and the like however the power supply in Ljljane was unstable and Li Fushin didn't dare to take them out they also put some pork belly and taro into the basket halfway there he encountered two children presumably a brother and sister the girl had fainted from hunger by the roadside and the older boy was feeding his sister water lefouching sighed threw down a few taro and turned to leave when the boy saw it was Taro he quickly ran over picked it up with his clothes and pulled his younger sister who had just woken up along with him little sister let's hurry a kind person has given us food instead of going home they went to a secret hideout known only to the two siblings and hid the taro the brother and sister both knew that if they brought it home they wouldn't get a single bite ever since their father married a stepmother and had a younger brother the two siblings have been treated like beasts of burden doing the most work and eating the least upon arriving at the secret base the boy skillfully lit a fire and cooked a taro in a broken pot he had found brother who gave this to me can I eat it the little girl blinked as she looked at the taro he's a nice guy on a bicycle but we'll have to wait it's not ready yet although he couldn't see the face clearly he felt he would definitely recognize his benefactor if they met again in the future his mother told him when she passed away that he should take good care of his younger sister and he has always remembered that brother are we going to Andy's house the little girl asked somewhat anxiously if their father caught them they would be beaten badly and they would still have marks from being whipped with tree branches on their bodies which would ache faintly I want to go I'll take you after we finish eating the boy's gaze was firm he felt that if things continued like this his sister would starve to death Grandpa Lee and Grandma Lee were used to seeing their beloved grandson bring meat home again Grandpa take this flashlight it'll be convenient when you get up at night I'm going to make braised pork in a bit Lee Fushing handed the flashlight to his grandfather Grandpa Lee beamed and played with the flashlight for a while like a child if it weren't daytime he would have taken it around the village there are flashlights in the village but you can count them on one hand the three siblings Wonkai they were all worried sick when their older brother didn't come back yesterday this is the money Dapping paid back Old Master Lee handed over the money the whole village knew about Lee Dapings child the doctor said that if it had been any later the child would have been burned Lee Fuchsing agreed took the money and put it in his pocket grandma put this kerosene lamp in your and grandpa's room and I'll teach you how to use it he then put down the kerosene lamp and began to teach his grandmother how to use it this is much more advanced than the one at home someone who hasn't used it before wouldn't know how to light it fouching you should keep it in your room said Mrs Lee the best lamps are definitely for my grandson they're both too old for such good lamps this one looks really bright yes we have flashlights now that's convenient enough besides we're used to the old one Grandpa added alright since Grandpa and grandma have said so lefouching agreed Li Fuching then delivered things to the school when I arrived at the school I found that the school had been cleaned up the weeds in the yard had been cleared and the old desks and chairs in the classrooms had been repaired or replaced the original windows were enlarged and a new one was added with a large window on each side making the classroom much brighter a portrait of the teacher was also posted on the blackboard and the slogan study hard and make progress every day was written behind it Shao Xiong where did your father go uncle 21 my dad went to see the old party secretary the village made three big blackboards for us and they'll be installed later we're getting ready to start classes tomorrow Shao Xiong totally fawning she was very grateful to her 21st uncle if it weren't for him she probably would have gotten married other villages aren't much better off are they at least leijiaswan is doing alright now although the food isn't great at least no one starves but it's hard to say what will happen in other villages now thanks to her uncle 21 she has become a substitute teacher teaching first grade and no longer has to work in the fields like other girls in the village although substitute teachers also earn work points it's still more respectable than farming should I go call my father Li Fuching waved his hand no need you can have it then he took out pencils from the basket which startled Xiao Xiong how come there were so many how much is this uncle 21 she couldn't help but ask 80 sticks plus notebooks and chalk just divide them up as you see fit and let me know when you're done Li Fushin then took out two more fountain pens he had bought on Pindo Duo give one to your dad consider it a gift from me Shao Xiong took it delighted with it nowadays fountain pens are valuable items and she thanked him repeatedly not long after Li Fushin left Li Jiguang returned to the school when he saw the things Li Fushing had brought I'm just waiting for these things to be taught in class he did not expect that Li Fushing had prepared so much there were more than 30 students in total and each student could get a lot of pencils and notebooks they even gave each of the father and daughter a fountain pen this clearly shows that Li Fuching attache's great importance to the education of the children dad what did the old party secretary and the others say about the canteen Xiaosong asked according to Uncle 21's idea a school cafeteria should be built and the food should be better than that in the village cafeteria so as to attract villagers to send their children to school it's agreed that a room will be built next door as a kitchen and meals can be eaten in the classroom the old party secretary wants your mother to cook Li Jiguang was very willing this way three people from his family would be working at the school earning three work points which would be enough to support his family he would no longer have any worries and could focus on teaching the villagers were very supportive of building a school cafeteria who doesn't have a child who doesn't want their child to eat well furthermore this was proposed by Li Fuxing who would object to it Li Jiguang could foresee that as long as Li Fuxing supported the school he wouldn't have to worry about all sorts of messy things when lefushin got home he saw a pile of firewood in the yard did Uncle Sam find this lefushin asked his grandmother grandma said the children in the village picked it up because schools have reopened and children are preparing to go back to school the school is setting up a canteen and asking each child to bring some firewood to school so the children started collecting firewood yesterday but the school isn't fully prepared yet so some parents have had their children bring firewood over everyone in the village knows that the school is able to open and the children are able to attend classes thanks to Li Fushing isn't it only right that he delivers some firewood Chapter 47 braised pork and Grandpa reading the newspaper furthermore Li Fushing also provided plenty of food for the children for the sake of food I should do some work for Li Fushing Fushing carried a bundle of firewood into the kitchen I'm getting ready to make braised pork Wangya didn't even need Lee Fushing to call him he immediately followed and started the fire this kid had become Lee Fushing's full time fire starter he gets angry if you don't let him do it Li Fushing washed the pork belly cut it into several large pieces and then put it into a pot to cook until chopsticks could easily pierce the meat while waiting Li Fushing whittled a few more wooden skewers after the pork belly is cooked take it out and let it cool then use a wooden skewer to poke some small holes evenly in the pork skin this method will make the braised pork taste even better then leave fussing rubbed a layer of white vinegar and salt on the pigskin to soften it fully and make it easier to develop tiger skin patterns watching her grandson keep adding oil to the pot Grandma Lee felt heartbroken and almost told him to stop making braised pork lefouching comforted her grandma this pork belly can still be used after frying so don't worry about it in fact the oil will be even more fragrant after frying hearing her grandson's words Grandma Lee finally smiled again lefouching fried the meat until it developed a tiger skin pattern before taking it out of the oil after the oil in the pan has cooled down a bit put it all into a jar you can use this oil for cooking in the future big brother can we eat now Wang Wai had come over at some point and asked eagerly Li Fushing said with a smile not yet we need to be patient he then peeled washed and sliced the taro for later use can we finish eating all of this grandma asked this pot of taro is more than the whole family can finish not to mention the braised pork besides her grandson fried all the pork and she's worried it won't keep if you make it into cured meat it can be stored for a long time Li Fuqing asked with a smile grandma how many people over 65 years old are there in our village grandma thought for a moment and said there should be more than 10 Li Fuqing shared his idea he wanted to give each person over 65 years old a bowl of braised pork otherwise why would he make so much he could just make enough for his own family Lggy Oswayng will be his base of operations from now on if he can control the elderly and children in the village he will have control of Lggy Oswayng don't underestimate those elderly people over 65 they have considerable say in some matters even the former village secretary has to consult them on some issues some of them were elders of the village clan if you want to expel someone from the village you need their consent Li Fuching's all out help to Ligi Oswayng was certainly for his own reasons otherwise he would have nothing better to do the idea of revitalization is good Old Master Lee nodded in approval he certainly saw through his grandson's intentions actually he wasn't the only one who saw it the old party secretary could also roughly figure it out don't think the villagers are all fools but those who saw it didn't say anything and were quite willing to associate themselves with Li fushing but if you're going to send meat fushing you should still go to the party secretary said Grand Polly Old Ginger is indeed spicier Li fushing agreed okay Li Fuqing then began to cut the braised pork and marinate it with some spices after hearing her grandson's idea grandma went out to borrow bowls as they didn't have enough she washed the bowls and started layering braised pork and taro inside there were more than 20 bowls in total then I added water to the pot and brought it to a boil then I put a rack on the pot and arranged the braised pork bowls on it in two layers luckily the pot at home is big enough to steam them all at once Grandpa I'm going to find the old party secretary grandpolly nodded go ahead your grandma and I will stay here and watch over things Liechtenstein and others who were building the house couldn't help but swallow their saliva when they smelled the aroma of meat look at you all so useless you'd better get back to work Liechtenstein cursed although he was cursing he secretly swallowed several mouthfuls of saliva which farmer could withstand such a test everyone else thought what's wrong with him isn't it normal to want to eat meat eating meat is a luxury so how can that be considered unambitious if they can eat meat regularly then so be it they could easily become a good for nothing uncle 21 is indeed a purchasing agent for the steel rolling mill he always manages to bring back good stuff so that those who help with the work can also benefit and satisfy their cravings the old party secretary just returned from the riverbed by today about half of the riverbed in Lijiazuiang has been turned over and planted with a lot of vegetables he plans to follow Li Fuqing's advice and plant autumn corn on the rest as long as the autumn corn harvest is bountiful even if the grain production on the village's farmland decreases Ligi Oswayng will still be able to have enough to eat for the next year thinking of this the old party secretary was overjoyed and his steps became much lighter old party secretary in such a good mood Li Fushing smiled and offered him a cigarette when the old party secretary saw that the visitor was he took the cigarette and said thanks to you secretary I made some braised pork and would like to share it with the villagers who are over 65 years old could you please help me divide it up Li Fuching took out a match and lit it for the old secretary the old party secretary was stunned for a moment then he understood this is a good thing he had indeed guessed Lee Fuchs'intentions but he didn't object on the contrary he hoped that Lee Family Village could curry favor with him as long as everyone could have enough to eat people would treat you like an ancestor okay I'll help you sort them no trouble at all he personally visited the homes of all the elderly people over 65 years old explained the situation to them and emphasized making Lee Fushing's story even more glorious the elderly people were very grateful and happy and they all praised Lee Fushing among them were people of the same generation as Lee Fushing brother 21 is really capable without him our village would be okay then remember to pick them up later hurried off to the next household one of the families has two elderly people over 65 years old after Li Fushing returned home he slapped his forehead and realized he had forgotten about that newspaper they quickly found it Grandpa look I'm in the newspaper Grandpa Lee's eyes widened and his hands trembled slightly as he took the newspaper although he wasn't highly educated he could still read he read the news about his beloved grandson over and over again his heart filled with excitement completely forgetting about things like braised pork my grandson is so impressive if it weren't for the current restrictions he would definitely go to the ancestral graves to burn more paper money to thank his ancestors for their care of their descendants great great Old Master Lee prepared to find a place to paste the newspaper as well actually he would prefer to post it on the village branch's bulletin board so that everyone in the village could see it although grandma couldn't read she was very happy to hear her husband read it aloud now that they were going to die she felt she had done her duty to the ancestors of the Lee family of course she also has an important task to watch her grandson get married and have children so that the Lee family line can continue that would make her life complete as for the son he's gone so be it who still thinks about him at this moment the old party secretary came over with the elderly Chapter 48 fragrant and delicious braised pork I wish I could eat this every day an elderly man immediately bowed deeply to leave fussing upon seeing him Li Fuching quickly dodged away wouldn't that shorten his own lifespan his grandfather however accepted it without complaint he was of a higher generation and could accept it besides he was currently holding a newspaper pretending to be engrossed in reading it and did not notice that someone was coming helpless the old party secretary could only ask what are you looking at uncle he was also frustrated because he was 70 years old and still had to call people younger than him uncle oh you've arrived Jifa why are you kneeling get up quickly Old Master Lee then feigned surprise then he said to the old party secretary it's nothing it's just that fushing was in the newspaper and there are two characters I don't recognize can you help me take a look and the others were taken aback although the old party secretary had a premonition after all a hand pump while is no simple thing and plays a very important role in rural areas he was still shocked to see Lee Fooshing in the newspaper in their eyes only people with great abilities can be featured in the newspaper let me see the old party secretary didn't care about the braised pork anymore he read it carefully and had even mentioned their Ligi Oswayng village the old party secretary smiled so much that the wrinkles on his face were all squeezed together uncle this newspaper if you want to buy it yourself I'll keep this one Grandpa Lee is going to keep it for himself he'll take it out to brag to others later and he'll feel very proud who would dare to challenge him the old party secretary smiled and handed the newspaper back to Grandpa Lee then they started distributing the braised pork each elderly person received a bowl and although there were only four pieces of braised pork in the bowl each piece was quite large the braised pork belly is incredibly fragrant and looks so soft and tender that you have to pick it up slowly or it will break it looks so appetizing the old party secretary who is 70 years old this year also received a bowl everyone thankfully fussing and his grandparents again before taking the braised pork home to eat with their families they planned to wash the dishes and bring them back afterward soon news of Li Fuching receiving a share of braised pork and being featured in the newspaper spread throughout the village upon learning that the newspaper had mentioned their village Ligi Oswayng the villagers felt honored as people in this era place great importance on collective honor the villagers who didn't get a share of the braised pork from Li Fuching didn't complain they were just a little envious there's nothing wrong with what they're doing there are people over 65 years old it's not targeting any particular family who says you don't have anyone over 65 in your family you can't blame them my old lady is only 1 year too young someone lamented wishing she were just 1 year older hearing such filial words the elder next to him couldn't help but kick him Li Fuching brought out a bowl of millet rice and two bowls of braised pork and called out to the people who were working on building the house Brother Jichuan let everyone eat first good seeing the way these people looked Liechtenstein agreed everyone put down what they were doing washed their bowls and came to the bowl of millet rice Liechtenstein served them rice one by one saying two people one bowl of braised pork each bowl contained two pieces of braised pork they each took one piece and there was still one piece left to take home one piece was enough after all they were eating millet porridge which was much better than the sweet potatoes in the cafeteria the same went for the taro everyone ate one piece and took the rest home taro soaked in broth is just as delicious I wish we could eat this every day someone said the braised pork is so tender that it melts in your mouth without needing to be chewed leaving a lingering fragrance dreaming during the day you're lucky if you can eat this once a month Liechtenstein laughed and scolded it's considered good if you can eat this once a year let alone once a month liefushin and the others also began to eat grandma this piece is good Li Fuching picked out a leaner piece of braised pork and put it in his grandma's bowl elderly people shouldn't eat too much fatty food as it's difficult to digest due to the high fat content for someone like Li Dajuan who does a lot of physical labor eating a few more pieces is fine Grandma Li ate with great relish very satisfied with her grandson's filial piety fushing with your skills you could be a head chef Li Dajuan said as he devoured a piece of braised pork in two bites finding it much tastier than the sausages he had eaten before even the cooks at their village canteen can't make braised pork this delicious in reality Li Fuching relied on spice this is for flavor his culinary skills were far from being that good just like food bloggers and later generations they had all sorts of random seasonings making it hard for the food not to taste good even shoe insoles can smell amazing grandpali was in a good mood and drank a little more my cooking skills are nowhere near as good as those of professional chefs Li Fuching said with a smile big Brother's cooking is the best Wang Ye chimed in with flattery it tastes even better than my mother's Yang Mei was speechless if she had these ingredients she could definitely make a good dish the key question is do you even have these ingredients for her to use even a skilled cook can't make a meal without ingredients Wong Yah was not surprised to get a flick on the forehead from his mother don't talk while you eat just eat properly Yong Mei was still holding Fe Fei in her arms she had just finished feeding her formula and the little girl wasn't crying or fussing she just stared at everyone eating with her big eyes open and waiting for Wonkai and the others to leave Grandma Lee gave her grandson an apple to eat in her heart she still loved her beloved eldest grandson the most no matter how cute and sensible Wonkai and the others are they are far inferior to one's own grandson grandma I'm going back to the city this afternoon a childhood friend of mine is moving tonight so we're having two tables for him the one who came to our village last time yes that's him Lee Fushing nodded alright go ahead it's good to make more friends although Grandma Lee wasn't highly educated she understood a lot of principles and knew that the city was complicated and that it was important to make more friends especially those who grew up together it's even more important to maintain a good relationship my grandson lives alone in the city so I need to make more friends and get along better with my neighbors grandma don't worry I have plenty of friends grandmali had no doubt about this after all her grandson often brought back nice things if he didn't have any friends where did he get them at the same time two children appeared in courtyard number 68 who are you looking for an older woman had spotted the two children long ago they were dressed in tattered clothes and carrying a bag they had been standing at the gate of their yard if Li Fuching were here he would definitely recognize the brother and sister hello we're looking for Chee Shu Hua the boy said looking for Shu Hua who is she to you judging from the children's appearance the older woman guessed they had probably come to stay with relatives she had heard that life was tough in the villages outside the city and many people were coming to the city hoping to make a living in recent days some people have fled the famine in their neighborhood and some have even left their children at the entrance of the neighborhood office which has caused headaches for the staff if they take action the neighborhood committee is also short of food if they don't they're afraid something bad will happen she is our aunt okay I'll go in and ask you guys wait a bit and don't wander off the older woman instructed okay thank you the older woman hurried to the backyard Chi Shiwa's family consisted of just the two of them with no elderly people or children and they were doing quite well Chapter 49 Auntie we've met our benefactor Shiwa Shiwa two kids have come outside saying they're your nephews an older woman shouted a woman carrying a needle and thread came out of a house on the west side of the backyard nephew she thought of her sister's two children she hadn't seen the two children since her sister passed away mainly because she didn't get along with her brother in law and felt that the man was heartless and ungrateful when my sister passed away that man said she wasn't welcome from that time on she never inquired about the two children her sister had left behind actually she quite liked the two children especially after learning that her husband was infertile yes they said you're their aunt you should go and see them an older woman urged good Chi Shua put down her needlework and hurried to the courtyard gate when she saw the two children she almost didn't recognize them firstly it had been a long time since I'd seen them both children were quite young especially the younger one both children were too thin and looked rather gaunt but she still saw her sister's shadow in the two children Auntie the older boy called out first then tugged at his younger sister urging her to greet someone his sister then timidly called out and then lowered her head again to hide her torn pants Chi Shi Hua's eyes instantly reddened and she stepped forward to hug the two children tightly as if they were bones what a tragedy how could that person have raised you like this Chi Shi Hua felt both heartbroken and angry the older brother Ong Kong finally had someone to confide in and poured out all the grievances he had suffered over the past few years including the incident where his younger sister fainted from hunger not long ago Chi Shuwa was furious and almost wanted to confront that scumbag Shuwa why don't you take them to take a bath and have something to eat first an older woman suggested as an outsider she couldn't help but feel furious when she heard her biological father treat his two children this way good Chi Shuwa LED the two children to the backyard the women in the front yard began to gossip Shuwa has no children I think we can just take her over and raise her ourselves and she can also support us in our old age but their father has to agree first how could he possibly refuse what kind of talk is that it's their own child why can't they make the decisions that man is inhuman treating his own child like that Qi Shi Wan noticed that Eng Kong was carrying a bag Eng Kong what is this she asked Annie this is Taro that the kind person who helped my brother gave us we ate one Hong Kong said opening the bag to show his aunt it really is Taro Chi Shi hua exclaimed there are still so many good people in the world my brother in law isn't even human we must remember other people's kindness Chi Shi hua said Onkong nodded vigorously I will definitely remember Auntie Chi Shi hua was thankful that her nephew and niece hadn't been LED astray and knew how to be grateful she then bathed the two children and saw that the brother and sister had very little flesh on their bodies she almost couldn't help but cry again cursing the scumbags ancestors for 18 generations in her heart she had no clothes for her child to wear so she had to go out and borrow a couple from someone else they were all in good condition in their yard so they borrowed it quickly patched it up quite a bit and it didn't quite fit but for now that was all they could do Chee Shwa cooked two bowls of noodles and also prepared two eggs but in her heart she was thinking about how to get the two children back the egg noodles were placed on the table although Anning really wanted to eat them she looked at her brother until her brother said to eat them she had to resist the urge no matter how much she wanted to eat them eat quickly Auntie we don't need to eat so well just having a meal is enough I can help uncle with the chores and Kong said in his eyes you can't eat if you don't work so he took his sister to live with his aunt hoping to earn food through his own labor otherwise he was really afraid that his uncle would see that he and his sister were eating for free and kick them out Chee Shihua sighed but was also gratified by her nephew's thoughtfulness eat up your aunt and uncle can still support you on Kong you should have brought your sister to your aunt's place a long time ago and asked your aunt to stand up for you after the brother and sister thanked him they began to eat after you've eaten stay in the yard and don't go outside your aunt is going to find your uncle Chi Shi Hua couldn't sit still so after giving a few instructions she went out to the machine repair shop where her husband worked the machine repair shop was a branch plant affiliated with the No. 1 steel rolling mill with a total of just over 1,000 workers her husband hijinhua is a workshop foreman a level 6 worker with a decent salary and a bright future my only worry is not having children old he my sister's two children Ong Kong and Anning are here they Chi Shuwa briefly explained her nephew's situation and then shared her thoughts Hizenwa became quite excited and began to make plans in his mind the couple originally planned to adopt one or two children but now it's a difficult time and the neighborhood office is having a headache every day because of the people who have fled to the city to escape famine adults can let children fend for themselves but children can't be ignored the Neighborhood Committee encourages families with the means to adopt children however because the personality and background of the adopted child are unknown it is not a safe bet some might say that you can teach them slowly and they'll eventually warm up to you but you can often tell a child's character when they're young and by the time they're a few years old their personality is almost set of course there are always exceptions there are also children who were bad when they were young but were reformed and became good but those are ultimately a minority Chua you go back first I need to think about it some more we have to cut off all ties with the child's father or it will cause a lot of trouble later Hizenwa said calmly it's not that he's afraid the children will go with their father he's still confident he can keep the children rather they fear that the scumbag taking advantage of his status as the child's biological father might cause trouble from time to time which no one could tolerate okay I'll go buy some cloth Hong Kong and Anning don't have any clothes to wear Chi Shi Hua took out all the cloth coupons from the house let's just buy clothes it's not like we're short of money Hizenwa said having decided to adopt two children Hizenwa wouldn't be stingy he would spend money when necessary with his salary supporting a family of four was no problem at all back in the workshop hijinwa was somewhat distracted while doing his work his co workers noticed something was wrong and after asking around they all started giving him advice everyone knew that old he's only worry was his child when Shih Shua returned home after buying clothes she found that the dishes and chopsticks had been washed and the house had been cleaned the brother and sister hadn't gone anywhere and were sitting at the door waiting for her to come back how could she not like someone so well behaved and sensible besides this is my sister's child so we're related by blood Auntie I think I just saw the person who gave us the tarot and Kong said to his aunt didn't we say you weren't allowed to go out ante we didn't go out my brother said our benefactor is in this courtyard Anning spoke up for her brother afraid that her aunt would misunderstand him Chapter 50 the steel rolling Mills outstanding individuals will definitely see a resurgence this year Chi Shuwa was taken aback upon hearing this inside the yard in their courtyard only their family and Li Fuqing owned bicycles the three elderly men all walked to work that courtyard in front Chi Shuwa asked she had just seen Li Fuqing return his bicycle was parked outside and Kong nodded I remember his bicycle it's that one all right you two go with your aunt to thank them Chi Shi Hua put down her clothes took Anning's hand with her left hand carried Taro with her right hand and had Ankong follow her as they walked towards the central courtyard fushing are you there Chi Shi Hua called out as she arrived outside Li Fushing's house Li Fuqing opened the door and looked at Chi Shu Hua and the other two with a puzzled expression he didn't recognize the two children mainly because they had taken a bath and changed their clothes and they had changed quite a bit and Chi what do you need me for the two children immediately knelt down and cowed out to him Li Fushin was startled Chi Shi hua then explained the situation again and kept thanking Li Fushin if it weren't for Li Fushin she might not have been able to find her nephew and niece they were so hungry that they fainted and had no strength left Li Fuqing then understood and said with a this is fate once something is given away there's no reason to take it back you should take the taro back then Li Fushing went inside and got some candy which he gave to the two children take this and eat it from now on just call me brother Fushing the two children were too afraid to take it Chi Shuwa was pleased to see that Li Fushing was quite close to the two children so she said these are from your brother fushing take them and eat them by the way fushing come to my house for dinner tonight I'm sorry Aunt Chi Qing Yuan is treating us tonight let's do it another day Chi Shuwa then remembered this matter Liu Qing Yuan had taken the empty room in the front yard and was treating everyone to dinner tonight everyone in the yard knew about it okay then another day then she took the two children back to the backyard and brought Taro along too otherwise people would say that she didn't like Taro she remembered this kindness as evening approached the workers gradually returned home after get off work the aroma of meat filled the air at Cheng Yun's house and a group of children were gathered outside in these days people can't even get enough to eat let alone eat well the aroma will irresistibly draw you closer Cheng Yun was very generous he took the stir fried meat and gave each child a piece you little brat you can't even call me brother anymore Brother Qing Yuan I called out the child pouted really I didn't hear you clearly call me again can I have another piece you all shout together that Brother Qing Yuan is amazing Brother Qing Yuan is so handsome and I'll give each of you another piece there was enough meat on the plate it was already cut into small pieces hearing that it was still edible the children obliged and shouted loudly probably loud enough for the neighbors to hear Li Fushing and Gu Chong who were not far away both smiled helplessly this was too childish as Li Fushing walked over the children immediately abandoned Lu Ching Yun and crowded around Li Fushing calling him Brother Fushing and one of the younger ones calling him Uncle Fushing in a childish voice hey why are you all running away come back Luching Yuan shouted Guocheng chuckled come on do you even have any meat left in your hand those bastards they have no conscience so whoever feeds you is your mother so now that I'm gone you can't even call me anymore Li Fuqing took out a bag of milk candies Hi Tao can you distribute these and see who isn't home send them over including the two new kids at Aunt Chee's house is that all right Hi Tao felt he had been given an important task so he immediately puffed out his chest raised his head and assured everyone I guarantee I can do it although he didn't get many candies he still felt very proud okay go ahead Luching Yuen walked over candy can I have a piece hi Tao was in a bit of a dilemma since Brother Fushing had just said it was only for children brother Qing Yuan you've put me in a difficult position take your plate and go home how old are you don't beg for candy from a child Guo Qing couldn't stand it anymore Liu Qing Yuan glared at hi Tao have you forgotten who fed you meat just now the three old men in the courtyard arrived each family in the front yard sent a representative along with Qing Yuan's father and elder brother as well as Li Fu shing and Gu Chung Kai enough to fill two tables on the table were a plate of steamed sausages a plate of stewed chicken and a large pot of stewed potatoes and pork belly although the quantity was not large the portion size was still good especially the pot of stewed potatoes and pork belly which you could eat as much as you wanted the wine was just ordinary loose wine everyone tacitly avoided mentioning how they acquired the house the three older men in particular couldn't stop talking about Lee Fuchsing praising his great future the others naturally echoed their sentiments how long have they been working at fushing they've already achieved such great results and even made it into the newspapers they can't even imagine it they weren't the ones featured in the newspaper they felt proud because they all lived in the same compound if you ask me this year's individual awards have a great chance of revival the old man said an old man asked fushing what did your leaders say I haven't heard section chief Lee section chief Wong or director Kai mention it I'm still young and being too sharp isn't good either I'll just let things take their course he himself didn't really want to get the individual award so quickly being too conspicuous is ultimately not a good thing seeing Lee Fuchsings maturity and composure the old man and the others felt a sense of admiration for this younger man from the same courtyard they were all secretly amazed it was section chief Lee section chief Wong and director Kai they all sounded very familiar it seemed their connections within the factory were quite extensive such a wonderful child the difference is truly enormous now everyone remembers Old Lee who is Lee Fushing's father Old Lee is really confused is it worth abandoning such an excellent son for a widow and she left so suddenly without any warning what are you really thinking if you really want to find a woman why not just marry her although they didn't know what Lauley did before and he was acting mysteriously everyone knew that he had a high income and must have saved a lot of money Chi Shuwa's family had a rare treat of meat tonight thanks to Hijinwa's connections hijinwa was also good at judging people through careful observation he found that both children were sensible knew how to be grateful and had good character he liked these children very much a perfect plan has already unfolded in my mind while eating he kept putting food on his two children's plates the four of them looked like a family after dinner both children vied to help with the chores which further solidified Hijinwa's idea as they were going to bed Chee Shihua whispered to her husband old he what's your idea Hijin Wu was now preoccupied with how to keep his two children by his side hearing his wife's words he whispered let Ong Kong and Anning change into their original clothes and go back tomorrow Chi Shu Hua sat up abruptly in bed looking at her husband in disbelief feeling as if they were strangers should we send the child back oldhi what do you mean by this Chapter 51 treating you to noodles early in the morning as a thank you hijinwa realized his wife had misunderstood him so he quickly said let them go back and put on a show first so that Hong Kong and Anning can completely sever ties with your brother in law he explained his plan after returning home first play the victim and make a big scene ideally so that the whole village knows about it then sever ties in front of the entire village to avoid future trouble you can't show up yourself let their grandparents come instead or they won't be able to control the situation it's perfectly reasonable for Ong Kong's maternal grandparents to step in their granddaughter had been abused so badly anyone would be angry the village would also feel embarrassed which would put pressure on the child's father to make the matter happen after hearing this Chi Shu Hua felt somewhat guilty realizing she had misunderstood her husband oldie considered things more than she did I'll tell Hong Kong and the others tomorrow morning I'll go back to my parents house to call for help Chi Shi Hua said okay go to sleep first when you go back tomorrow take some corn meal or something upon hearing this Chee Shihua felt even more ashamed these days life is even harder in the village she helped her family several times and Lao he not only didn't object but also supported her 10 pounds of beef this is an item that Li Fuqing bought for 1 cent in a flash sale on Pinduoduo this morning at the same time he recharged 400 yuan into Pinduoduo good morning Fuqing we've cooked some noodles at home come over and eat with us chee shihua specially came to the Intermediate People's Court to call Li Fuqing Li Fushin rinsed off the toothpaste foam before saying you guys eat aunt she I'll just go out and grab a bite later how come this child has grown up and separated from the students in our facility Li Fushin coughed a few times was the original owner really raised on the charity of many families it felt like he had eaten at every single one of them in his memory Old Lee rarely went home and often asked the neighbors in the courtyard to help look after him in return for which he would often give them some money and food okay Aunt Chi I'll be there in a bit it was hard to refuse such hospitality he knew that Chi Shi Hua invited him to dinner to repay the kindness he had shown in Kong and in Ning with Taro earlier otherwise who could afford noodles for breakfast these days we're lucky to have cornbread to eat some families eat two meals a day skipping breakfast except for those who have to go to work that's right Chi Shuwa returned to the backyard satisfied in Chi Shuwa's house in the backyard she had already spoken with Ong Kong and Anning and the two children were willing to follow their aunt so they were very obedient willing to take their aunt's husband's surname this made hijinwa very happy and his face was beaming with smiles fishing come in quickly hijinwa greeted Lee Fushing as soon as he saw him Hong Kong and Anning greeted him warmly calling Lee Fushing brother Fushing long time no see uncle he turning around she noticed in Kong and in Ning's tattered clothes and asked in confusion what happened to in Kong and in Ning come sit down and let's talk here's the thing hijinwa totally fawning about his plan the reasons behind it and the two children's own thoughts he explained things clearly and logically making them easy to understand Li Fuching always felt that uncle he was a cultured person besides his father who was knowledgeable in technology that's great is there anything I can help you with hijinwa shook his head it's not appropriate for me to get involved directly and Kang's grandparents have to step in the group chatted as they ate hijinwa has made all the preparations once the two children are registered in his household he will send them to school although they are a bit older and may not be able to keep up with the curriculum especially Hong Kong who is already 9 years old hijinwa still hopes that they can learn more when you go to school I'll give you a gift and Ning was very happy the treatment here was worlds apart from what he received not only could he have enough to eat but he also received a lot of care from others her father and stepmother treated her like a beast of burden thank you brother fushing Hong Kong even nudged his sister quietly Anning quickly followed suit and thanked her Li Fuxing went to the steel rolling mill Chi Shi Hua sent on Kong and Anning back to the village but didn't go inside instead she went straight back to her parents home to move her parents and younger brother out Shi Hua why did you bring back so much food again aren't you going to feed yourselves Chi Shuwa's father was a little worried when he saw his daughter bring food again there's a food shortage at home it's not that I don't like it moreover even after their daughter got married she still missed her parents and was very filial which made them very happy but for their daughter's sake they didn't recommend doing that what would the son in law think not many men want their wives to constantly support their parents family she Shua put down the corn meal oldie asked me to bring it back dad I'll be back soon she then recounted the story of her nephew and niece upon hearing about their grandson's ordeal the two elderly people couldn't sit still Chi Shuwa's father in particular stared wide eyed as if he were about to spit fire I'll go get someone after their youngest daughter passed away they felt embarrassed to take the initiative to contact each other as they felt sorry for their son in law I never expected this it's normal for a man to remarry after his wife is gone and they understand that but if you treat your two children like cattle and don't even feed them anyone would call you inhuman let alone them you've never had any children so it would be good to adopt on Kong and Anning Chi Shiwa's mother said crying that put her mind at ease the elderly couple were worried because their eldest daughter had no children since marriages without children often don't last long fortunately their son in law is a reasonable person their eldest daughter marrying into the city has always been a source of pride for the elderly couple especially since she married the right person Chi Shuwa's father summoned a group of people including a whole bunch of cousins and nephews having a large population gives you confidence at the hongsheng No. 1 Steel Rolling Mill all leaders at the director level and above held a morning meeting as is customary they first discussed production issues since their factory's primary focus is on production with the country facing difficulties and an urgent need for steel these steel rolling Mills bear a heavy burden how's the production of the water pumps for the hand pumps coming along Director Lynn asked drought is now affecting many parts of the country creating a great demand for powerful tools like hand pumps otherwise Li Fuching's reward wouldn't have been so large some people might think that the bonuses for developing the atomic and hydrogen bombs and satellites were not even that much and that it's unreasonable but the two are different that kind of achievement cannot be measured by bonuses bonuses are irrelevant the special care given by the state is the most valuable thing the bonus was just a formality production has already begun with sufficient materials we can guarantee a production of 500 units per day reported Director Sun who is in charge of the water pumps continue to expand production there are instructions from above the drought situation is urgent and the higher UPS have urged Director Lynn several times Director Sun nodded then we'll need more manpower a deputy factory director said we'll transfer a batch from other workshops first director sun had quite an appetite he said besides ordinary workers I also need comrade Lee Fushing the designer of the waterpump such talent cannot be wasted Chapter 52 you can buy a job for 150 you're kidding me besides logistics procurement is something anyone can do it doesn't require any brains he continued upon hearing this Director Kai who was in charge of logistics immediately became furious damn it not only did they demand the person's return right in front of you but they also slapped you and spat in your face are you implying that everyone in our logistics department is brainless Director Kai glared at him hey you surnamed son what do you mean by this you poach my people right in front of me you scoundrel Comrade Lee Fushing is a talent in our logistics department and he himself is willing to continue contributing to this position factory manager I strongly disagree we should respect his own ideas most of the meat you've been eating these past few days was purchased by Comrade Lee Fouching you can't take advantage of our purchasing department's resources and then call us brainless furthermore Director Lynn raised his hand several times signaling to Director Kai not to rush he was also very troubled he had heard that a university professor had invited Li Fushing to pursue further studies if he really wanted to consider Li Fushing's future he should let Li Fushing go to school instead of keeping him at the steel mill Li Fushing didn't go because he himself also loved the purchasing job his own thoughts should indeed be fully considered although he agreed with Director Sun's point that procurement work was easy enough to do and didn't require much brainpower he couldn't say it to their face isn't this just making people extremely offended in fact what director sun valued most was Li Fuxing's reputation since he had been featured in the newspaper and was very likely to receive this year's Outstanding Individual award as for Li Fuching's abilities they are not that important the hand pump while has already been designed and doesn't need any further improvement so the designer himself is dispensable section chief who offended you came to the office and handed over the 20 pounds of sausages he had bought when Lee Wibben saw Lee Fushing his composed expression softened slightly fushing you've got some good stuff again he could tell it was sausage just by the smell the aroma was really strong he truly deserves to be his top lieutenant he's far superior to the others then he angrily added those bastards in the production department said we don't need to use our brains when it comes to purchasing damn it if it weren't for our hard work going out to buy things they wouldn't even be able to catch a whiff of shit that's what they said Li Fuching asked in surprise Lee Wibben snorted coldly this morning at the meeting our director Kai and Director Sun from the workshop had a huge argument that guy surnamed sun specifically asked for you doesn't he even know his own worth we're from the logistics department it's not his place to make decisions how can I not be angry they directly B rated the entire purchasing department saying they were brainless who could tolerate that Director Kai has already made arrangements for the cafeteria to give special consideration to anyone with the surname sun since the cafeteria is also managed by their logistics department Li Fuching side the people in the production workshop are really something else they dared to mess with the logistic staff and they offended them all at once don't you want to eat anymore fushing you don't want to go to the workshop do you Lee Wynben asked Lee Fushing I'd be too busy to go to the workshop we have it so easy with procurement Lee Wynben then burst into laughter yeah only someone who's got nothing better to do would go to the workshop it's exhausting most people would choose purchasing as there's sometimes a bit of extra income in logistics especially these days jobs that involve dealing with food are highly sought after Lee Wibben was confident that if their purchasing department announced they needed people there would be a fierce competition if allowed even people from the production workshop might want to switch jobs next Li Wenbin left some sausages for each of his employees and had Li Fuqing take the rest to register and put into storage keeping a little for perks is an old practice this is also a major reason why everyone wants to be a purchasing agent Li Fuqing took the money walked around the factory and prepared to leave he prefers this kind of free work going to the factory let someone else have that opportunity that's really not suitable for him being tired is only a minor issue the main problem is the lack of freedom he'd have to apply for leave which is too inconvenient Li Fuching bought some corn seeds on Pindo Duo and put them in his backpack planning to take them out when he was almost at the village back in Ligi Oswayng and several others were directing the reclamation of the riverbed working diligently and enthusiastically revival is it back uncle 21 so early everyone greeted Li Fuching Li Fuching took out a pack of dakimin cigarettes and handed one to each of them then he unloaded the corn seeds from the back of his bicycle and said I brought the corn seeds back with me you can carry them over later I won't go over the young people were delighted and quickly agreed we'll take care of it leedalley was somewhat distracted what are you thinking about lefushin patted him on the shoulder someone laughed and said this kid also wants to go to the city to find a job he went yesterday but he was turned down and got a good beating from his dad when he came back if jobs are easy to find in the city are there still people in the countryside haven't they all moved to the city who wouldn't want to eat government supplied grain it's not like we gained nothing at all ledali said scratching his head Li Fuching was somewhat curious oh tell me about it I heard there's a vacancy at a food factory but it costs 150 yuan where would I get that much money his family couldn't raise the money Li Fuching narrowed his eyes slightly you think you can buy a job for 150 yuan you've probably been set up haven't you Li Dali was beaten not because he skipped work to go to the city to find a job but because he came back and asked his family for 150 yuan wasn't that just pushing his family to the brink of despair where would we get so much money where did you hear this news Lee Dolly chuckled a kind person told me what a load of rubbish he's trying to scam you out of your money a job at a food factory only pays 150 yuan if you actually go for it I'll change my surname to yours Uncle 21 aren't they all surnamed Lee lefouching side jobs in the city are extremely scarce now if you don't earn at least 800 yuan 150 yuan that's just fooling people like you who don't know the market they just take advantage of people from the countryside who don't know anything and they'll scam them and run away the young people present were all taken aback 800 yuan 150 yuan is a huge sum for them and 800 yuan is an astronomical figure ledali felt a wave of fear wash over him luckily he didn't have 150 yuan at home he dared not imagine what would happen to his family if he were cheated out of 150 yuan his father would probably beat him to death just thinking about it terrified him this can't be right he asked in a low voice impossible do you know better than I do a job in a food factory is already highly sought after and it's even more impossible to buy one for 150 you on use your brain who would sell a food factory job for just $150 that makes no sense at all this can only fool rural people since 150 yuan is a huge sum of money for farmers and they can't afford anymore leedalley now feels like strangling that helpful person 150 you on how dare he do that chapter 53 such good grain seeds must not be told to anyone alright be more careful in the future if the price is lower than what I said there's usually something wrong with it be more cautious Li Fuching reminded him after saying that he rode his bicycle home Wang Yue and his sister were washing Fei Fei's diapers while Wan Kai had already gone to school school officially started today and all the children over 6 years old went to school this time no parents stopped their children from going to school some even hoped that the school entry age could be lowered allowing children as young as 4 or 5 to attend after all this would ease the burden on the family and allow the children to eat better go wash your hands and come eat Li Fuching said to wangya and Wang Hua the brother and sister were overjoyed when they heard this they immediately put down their diapers washed their hands and then skipped and hopped into the house Li Fucheng bought a box of osmanthus cake on Pandora Grandma have a piece Li Fucheng gave Grandma Li a piece first Grandma Li was very happy not because she was greedy but because her beloved grandson thought of her first when there was something delicious to eat the old woman enjoyed this feeling whether she ate it or not was unimportant delicious she took a bite her mouth filled with a refreshing fragrance yongmei was also there and she took the osmanthus cake that leifushin gave her and ate it it smelled really good it was the first time she'd ever eaten something like this she guessed that even in the city this would be considered high end it was just a little small she finished it in one bite old Mrs Lee jokingly scolded her saying that wild boars can't eat fine chaff which made Leifoung laugh for a while youngmei chuckled and said that she had only recently started eating some better food she only got to eat these good things because of her nephewly fussing otherwise where would she have the chance none of the women in the village could afford to eat them none of them were as lucky as her those women were all very envious every time she felt those envious glances she couldn't help but feel happy no need fussing I'll just have one piece to taste it Young May refused the pastry box that Li Fushing offered Old Mrs Lee wasn't wrong she herself felt that wild boars couldn't eat fine bran Li Fushing didn't insist anymore if she ate less Wong Yah and the others could eat more it was the same thing leave some for your brother Li Fushing reminded the two little ones who were happily eating okay big brother save these for dad and the others Wangya drew a line above the osmathus cake leaving the untouched half for the others on the river bank ledali and his group carried the corn seeds across Secretary Brigade leader these are corn seeds that uncle 21 brought back the old party secretary and the others beamed with joy and gathered around they opened the bag and grabbed a handful of seeds having farmed for decades they could certainly tell the difference between good and bad seeds these are clearly top quality corn seeds each one plump and full seemingly different from the varieties they had previously grown secretary these seeds are excellent how could I not tell do you need to tell me the man chuckled a few times the battalion commander said fushing is so thoughtful it's not easy to get so many seeds these days I don't know how many connections fushing had to pull you all need to keep your mouth shut and not tell anyone don't worry party secretary even if my mother asks I won't tell everyone looked over their expressions somewhat strange your mother has been dead for so many years how can you still ask of course I can't tell her do you think you're funny the man quickly corrected himself no it's not that it's that my dad asked me but I wouldn't tell an old man in the crowd shouted angrily do I need you to tell me yes this old man is his father a burst of laughter immediately erupted from the surrounding area someone chimed in if anyone dares to talk nonsense I'll be the first to punish them the old party secretary glared at her I'm talking about you lot you're all like women your mouths can't be shut go back and explain this to the women in your families women are most likely to leak secrets when chatting with others they may inadvertently blurt out what's going on how often has this happened with the seeds in hand everyone worked with even more enthusiasm the hoe was being swung around incessantly creating a rather spectacular scene they also cleared the stones out of the riverbed this soil really doesn't need fertilizer someone exclaimed they were all farmers and they could tell how fertile the land was this soil in the riverbed was undoubtedly fertile ground for growing crops they were even more grateful to leave fushing for coming up with the idea they all had a premonition that the corn they planted would likely have a bumper harvest in a while and become an important staple food for their village we must work even harder and thoroughly till the land at this point the villages upstream and downstream of ljubljanswane including zjazwane all began to follow suit and realize the correct use of this riverbed however they didn't intend to grow vegetables instead they wanted to grow grains any kind would do potatoes corn sweet potatoes and so on as long as it exists that's fine despite this grain seeds were still very difficult to obtain as the government maintained very strict control over them during that era they knew that it was too late to plant some crops now but it didn't matter they would harvest as much as they could since it was all profit anyway and they couldn't ask for too much in chengshir village after in Kong and in Ning returned home they were indeed scolded by their stepmother while their biological father picked up a broom after not returning home for one night the two brothers didn't even need to act they were immediately given a severe beating they looked really miserable the neighbors couldn't stand it and advised him to be careful and not to abuse the child like that children without a mother are worse off than weeds after their mother passed away and especially after their father remarried the two children never had a good life what's it to you it's my right to beat my child if you have so much free time go back and take care of your kids Hong Kong's father glared and cursed these words naturally displease some others just then Chi Shi Hua's large entourage arrived Hong Kong and Anning's maternal grandfather LED a group of people and stormed into Qing Shih village seeing their grandson and granddaughter beaten so badly that their skin was torn and bleeding they went up and beat them up without saying a word not only did no one from the village help him but they all applauded and cheered it's unbelievable how he's ended up like this the village head of Qing Shire village quickly stepped forward which was truly embarrassing they were basically aware of the situation and knew they were in the wrong if they spoke out Onkong's maternal grandfather angrily argued with the village head of Qing Shire village demanding an explanation brother calm down we know that bastard things have come to this point let's discuss a solution together said the captain of Qinshir village I have only one point since he can't support my grandson I'm taking him away and severing all ties with him I hope everyone can be my witness when the people of Qing Shire village heard this they all felt that this person was sentimental many people today can't even support their own families let alone two children it's rare to see someone who after losing their daughter still takes such good care of her children I absolutely disagree unless he gives me 100 yuan these two brats can still help with chores at home if they leave my family the scene erupted in uproar even the village captain of chinsher village was surprised that this person could be so shameless but don't embarrass our village beat them the captain of Qing Shire village roared Chapter 54 These days antiques are worthless some people couldn't hold back any longer upon hearing the captain's words they rushed up and started beating him they had seen scumbags before but they had never seen such a thoroughly scumbag father how is this any different from selling a child 50 yuan each their village can be poor but it cannot be without principles Ancon's father was beaten black and blue with no chance to fight back as for his second wife seeing that she had incurred the wrath of the crowd she hid in a corner trembling with fear and dared not step forward finally with the intervention of the village head and some elders Hong Kong and Anning the siblings completely severed ties with their biological father and were taken away by their maternal grandfather not only did the man fail to get the money he was also severely beaten twice and most importantly he ruined his relationship with the villagers Chi Shuwa felt very sorry for her nephew and niece when she saw how badly they had been beaten so she took them back to their courtyard house in the city that same day Li Fuching had nothing to do so he went for a stroll around the village staying at home is incredibly boring without cell phones TVs or other electronic devices if there's someone to chat with great if not you can only sit there staring at the sky as for the radio it didn't mean much to him especially since his grandfather loved it and often took it around the village televisions are not uncommon but not many people in the countryside or even in the city have them at least since he traveled back to this point Li Fuching has never seen a television from this era by the 1970s although televisions were still few in number they were no longer as mysterious it wasn't until the 1980s that televisions truly entered ordinary households before I knew it I had arrived at the Riverbank and witnessed the bustling scene the powerful atmosphere of this era is palpable we work together and eat together although they were very poor at that time everyone had faith revival uncle 21 upon seeing Lee fushing everyone greeted him the old party secretary walked this way fushing how much are the corn seeds I'll try to scrape together some money the village might not have enough money they've already spent quite a bit so if necessary we need to get the villagers to chip in just give me 50 Fushing didn't know how much the seed shop sold it for he bought it on Pinduoduo for that price and didn't make a profit thank you so much he knew the market price of corn seeds very well regardless of quality and variety so many seeds couldn't be bought for 50 yuan the corn seeds are carefully selected so they are definitely much more expensive than ordinary corn kernels besides it's not easy to buy corn seeds at this time let alone in such a large quantity he guessed that Li Fuching must have pulled some strings this made them even more grateful to Li Fuching what kind of talk is this party secretary you're not treating me like one of your own all right I won't say any more no amount of words of thanks can compare to a tangible reward the old party secretary knew what to do he looked at the newly reclaimed riverbed this soil is really good what a pity we don't know how long we can keep planting once the river floods we'll have to give up the hearts of everyone in the village are bleeding once the drought is over we can just dig out that soil firstly it avoids waste secondly dredging can deepen the riverbed allowing it to store more water and prevent droughts and floods leave fushing analyzed the old party secretary paused for a moment why can't I adapt I always come up with some good ideas during revivals when the time comes we'll dig out that soil it's actually silt from the bottom of the river and it has many benefits it's such a waste to leave such fertile soil in the river even the commune couldn't find fault with it this is dredging it can also prevent droughts and floods in the future who can say it's wrong Li Fuching added the only problem is that the workload is quite large the old party secretary quickly said it's not big not at all we'll dredge up the silt and dig up all the soil later he was pleasantly surprised is the project large scale the one thing we have in abundance right now is labor if they can't finish in a month then they'll do it in two months after the busy farming season they don't really have much to do anyway just then a commotion suddenly arose not far ahead as if something had been dug up and a group of people gathered around to watch Li Fuching and the old party secretary also went over make way the revival has begun the old party secretary was speechless for a moment you only see the revival but you don't see your old man Li Fuching took a closer look and found it was a box not very big locked with a lock there must be treasure inside yes I think it's either gold or silver gold are you still dreaming in the eyes of many Chinese people gold is the most valuable commodity its value has remained unchanged since ancient times why don't you just pry it open and take a look others might not recognize it but Li Fushin knew it was no ordinary box the moment he saw it he quickly stopped the person who was trying to pry open the box don't pry it open yet does anyone know how to pick locks as long as we can remove the lock without damaging the box I think it's worth a few dollars Li Fushin said everyone immediately abandoned their idea of breaking the lock for rural people a few yuan is not a small amount where's Lao BA what's Lao BA doing the old party secretary shouted they're here they're here an old man squeezed in he took a piece of wire fiddled with it for a bit and the lock opened it's hard not to suspect that he's developed some side business the old man chuckled uncle 21 I used to be a locksmith but I don't need to anymore Li Fushing gave an awkward smile goodness at his age he still calls him uncle once the lock was opened Li Fushing opened the box in front of everyone revealing countless seals is this made of Jade is it valuable someone asked although the villagers were not very knowledgeable they had heard of Jade the old party secretary who had more experience said these things used to be quite valuable but these days people can't even afford to eat so why would they want antiques moreover the government does not encourage it the villagers were all disappointed having thought they had found a treasure however recognized the origins of these things these seals are part of a set called Yuan Enshou Die and they have quite a prestigious origin it is said that Hushan presented it to Emperor Qinlong this said in front of me should be made of Tian Huang stone the value of Tian Huang stone is self evident there used to be a saying that one tale of Tian Huang stone was worth one tale of gold you can still exchange them for some money antique shops will buy them for a few yuan each he wasn't lying the antique shop in Beiping City which was just established this year only buys items for a few yuan each depending on the value of the antique itself it rarely costs more than 5 yuan since the antique shop only sells them for 10 or 8 yuan each antique and collectible shops are state owned enterprises and experts screen and select the artifacts they deem saleable to sell thereby generating foreign exchange income since most of the customers are foreigners Li Fuching knew that now was not the cheapest time in a few years antiques and cultural relics will become even less valuable really everyone was delighted this box contains quite a few stamps even if they cost only two or three yuan each they can sell for several hundred yuan which would be a considerable income for Lige Osway Chapter 55 it's too hot let's make Hawthorn soup alright stop thinking about it these little things are only worth $1 a few antique shops can afford they're not worth much if there are more than that we should just give it to fushing directly consider it payment for seed money fushing how about this the old party secretary asked I was just thinking about how to repay Li Fuching he told the villagers a little lie but it wasn't entirely a lie he carried a box of seals to the antique shop so how could they not try to lower the price the battalion commander agreed I think it's a good idea in their eyes food is the most important thing not that box of stamps after thinking about it all agreed that the old party secretary made sense so no one stood up to object what's wrong with letting Fuchsing make some money recently Fuchsing has been helping Ligi Oswayng a lot the riverbed that is currently being reclaimed was his idea and he also suggested reopening the village school there was the matter of exchanging sweet potatoes and potatoes before people in the village would have starved to death long ago Li Fuqing said I think we should do this I'll handle the supplies and with the extra money I'll use it to buy some grain and send it to the school cafeteria that way the village cafeteria won't have to distribute grain to other places he planned to buy them for 2 yuan each and after deducting the cost of seeds used the rest to buy grain this benefits all the children in the village upon hearing this everyone present readily agreed they admired him greatly he truly lived up to his reputation as fooshing never taking advantage of the village even when given the chance in fact the village was under a lot of pressure when Li Fuxing proposed opening a school cafeteria since all the grain had to be obtained from the village canteen it meant that the village canteen had less grain Li Fuxing is now preparing to provide some grain to the school canteen which will temporarily relieve the village of its burden and make them happy to see it happen the old party secretary arranged for two young men to carry the box to Li Fushing's house Li Fushing also went back with them grandma was busy in the vegetable garden she lifted the wooden box and looked inside the bean sprouts were growing very well and she estimated that they would be ready to eat tomorrow a satisfied smile appeared on her face knowing that her grandson wanted to eat bean sprouts she kept an eye on the bean sprouts every day while no one was paying attention quickly put the box into his pendidduo backpack he was thinking about what to prepare for the school potatoes would be the first choice followed by some millet both are whole grains it wasn't that Li Fuching was unwilling to spend money on refined grains like wheat flour but rather that it was unnecessary he believed that if he offered up his finest grains the others might not be happy about it after all a pound of refined grains can be exchanged for a lot of coarse grains don't drink unboiled water Li Fuching quickly stopped Wang Ye who was drinking water with a ladle no matter the era drinking boiled water and eating cooked food can help avoid most diseases illness enters through the mouth the ancients were right big brother I've been very obedient I've only been drinking hot water Wang Hua said trying to impress him wangya had no choice but to put down the ladle in his hand and said brother I forgot today I drank hot water yesterday and the day before my mother can testify to that seeing the worm spots on Wanye's face Li Fushin figured the boy probably had worms in his stomach and thought he'd buy some pagoda shaped sugar pills the next day so the village children could also get rid of the worms Wanhua asked curiously boil some Hawthorn soup wangya come and light the fire Li Fushin called to his fire lighting messenger it was very hot and Li Fuching didn't have much of an appetite so he made himself some refreshing drinks to cool him down if it were just him drinking it he wouldn't go through all this trouble he could just buy a bottle on Pender du well but he still wanted his grandparents to drink some too the elderly person is getting on in years their digestion is already poor he then thought of Hawthorne's soup wangye was very happy when his older brother asked him to tend the fire no one could take his job away from him not even his brother Wonkai there's no need to burn it that Big he washed the hawthorns put them in the pot and then added some rock sugar originally it was supposed to be soaked for a while first but Li Fuching thought it was too troublesome so he simply boiled it directly anyway it wouldn't affect the effect and these days there aren't so many rules Li Fuching cooked more than half a pot seeing Wong Wah waiting expectantly Li Fuching gave her two hawthorns take these to see your sister as soon as Wang Hua got the food she happily went to see Fei Fei during the day she and her brother Wang Ye usually took care of her while their aunt yongmei also had to work although carrying it to work would be fine the sun is too strong now so I wouldn't dare do that she would come back often to change Fei Fei's diapers and feed her formula Wang Hua only ate one and save the rest to take home and hide so far she has hidden quite a lot of the food her older brother gave her only yongmei noticed but she didn't expose her she waited until yongmei had hidden more before taking everything out of her before long the people building houses outside could smell the aroma of Hawthorn soup what delicious food has uncle 21 made this time it smells like Hawthorn soup I haven't had it in a long time a bowl of this on a hot day would be so refreshing Liechtenstein scolded all you know how to do is eat get back to work besides that stuff makes you hungry faster do you think you've eaten too much he's absolutely right Hawthorn is known to aid digestion and relieve summer heat everyone wants their food to stay in their stomachs a little longer after a bowl of Hawthorn soup you'll immediately feel like you've wasted your entire day's meals no one spoke what you said makes sense but I still crave it it took almost an hour for the Hawthorn soup to be ready and it needed to be cooled down first Li Fuqing served his grandmother a bowl grandma have a taste okay old Mrs Lee smiled so much that her eyes almost disappeared she felt that drinking the Hawthorn soup would make it as if she hadn't eaten lunch at all but how could she refuse her grandson's kind gesture Wang Yue and Wang Hua also shouted that they wanted to drink they didn't care about anything else as long as it was delicious food and drink they wanted to eat it all the Hawthorn soup was sweet and sour and the kids really liked it Wang Yi once again turning into a sycophant lefty fooshing speechless he filled a large basin with more than half a bowl and carried it out saying Brother Jichuan let everyone have some Hawthorn soup to cool off in the summer heat okay Liechtenstein replied then he said to the workers anyone who wants a drink go ahead and have one he's not going to drink it anyway he has to resist his stomach will be empty tonight how can he stand it reason prevented him from acting impulsively when Li Fuching's grandfather returned from his stroll he also drank a bowl since there was no shortage of food at home there was no need to hold back he could drink whenever he wanted stop running I'll cut your hair later Li Fushin called to Wanya both brothers had rather long hair people in the countryside during this era didn't seem to pay much attention to hair hygiene both adults and children had lice Li Fuching even brought back some soap specifically for this purpose giving two bars to his third uncle's family so they could wash their hair there's no such thing as shampoo anymore people wash their hair with soap or bar soap in his previous life Li Fuqing also used soap to wash his hair and bathe when he was a child but later for some reason it was rumored that soap was bad for hair and would cause hair loss Chapter 56 what kind of grown man goes into the kitchen every day then everyone started using shampoo but people gradually discovered that using shampoo seemed to cause more hair loss and many people in modern society have developed male pattern baldness in reality it was just a rumor spread by shampoo manufacturers to promote their products it's the same trick as MSG in some poor areas even soap is unavailable so some people's hair gets tangled up in clumps Li Fuching felt distressed just looking at it he took out a pair of Scissors and told Wanye to take off his clothes cut them and then take a shower as for hairstyles what does it matter to a child after a flurry of Scissors he didn't become a monk but he did resemble a former convict alright go take a shower scrub yourself thoroughly with soap and make sure you're clean Li Fushin instructed then he called Wang Hua over of course the girl couldn't have her hair cut like that so Li Fushin gave her a short ear length haircut after cutting her hair I removed the lice from her head and sprayed some medicine on it don't run away sit here for at least half an hour Grandma Lee sat to the side watching with a smile as Lee Fushing fiddled with his two younger siblings when Aunt Young May returned home and fed Fe Fe formula she was very happy to see this which showed that Lee Fushing was close to her child Wong Yi tried to just do a few things perfunctorily to get it over with but she scolded him and almost resorted to family discipline I must say Fushing's haircut is quite nice Young May praised Li Fushing to Grand Mali she knew that old Mrs Li loved to hear this Grand Mali smiled and nodded fushing grew up in the city so he's seen a lot Li Fushing was a little embarrassed Ye's hairstyle looked like it had been chewed by a dog you can praise this he was truly impressed fouching what else do you need to do Grandma Lee asked as she saw her grandson heading towards the kitchen again what man goes into the kitchen every day boil some hot water so long walk and wash her hair later lefouching said the water from the hand pump was a bit cold judging from Wang Ye's reaction but since he had already washed he didn't say anything Wang Wah was a girl and she deserved to use hot water Andy quickly said hot water isn't necessary grandmali said let your third aunt go boil some water fooshing you can rest for a while she still dotes on her beloved grandson yes I'll cook it Auntie said putting down Fe Fe who had finished her milk powder and went to the kitchen Li Fuching stood there when suddenly he thought of a magical water boiling device the electric kettle which was popular for a period of time in later generations you just put it in the thermos and it boils water very conveniently an electric kettle takes about 15 minutes to boil a pot of water and it also saves on firewood and other fuels making it time saving and labor saving therefore it was well received by the people as soon as it appeared although power outages are frequent around Beijing and electric heaters aren't always available having something is better than having nothing the structure of a fast heating immersion heater is also very simple and it doesn't involve much technology it's not a problem if something like this appears ahead of schedule Li Fuching planned to take it out so that it would be a little more convenient for his grandparents to boil water he then returned to his room and began drawing blueprints the design was very simple and Li Fuqing finished it in less than an hour don't cook for me tonight okay go ahead but be careful when you ride your bike her beloved grandson has been coming home often lately which makes her and her husband very happy they can't possibly think about locking him up at home before dark Li Fushin returned to the courtyard house fushing come to my house for dinner tonight Chi Shuwa immediately extended a warm invitation when she saw Li fushing return alright then I'll take my leave of you and uncle he he had originally planned to just buy some things on Pendereau to have dinner but now that someone was inviting him he decided to go the original owner had eaten at other people's houses quite often so she wasn't embarrassed at all Chihuahua was delighted to see Li Fushing agree and went home to cook Li Fushing thought for a moment then took a pound of meat and went to Uncle San's house brother fushing my dad's home the youngest son of the third uncle's family clearly looking for his father immediately said Li fushing took out some peanuts and gave them to him give some to your sister okay thank you brother fushing he was overjoyed to find peanuts and immediately went to find his sister fushing have you eaten yet tell your aunt as soon as Uncle San saw Li Fushing arrive with some things he knew that Li Fushing must have something to say Li Fushing said no need Uncle Aunt Chi told me to come over and eat later all right then I won't keep you any longer the third uncle said with a smile Li Fuqing placed the meat on the table and said directly third uncle I still want to ask you to help me get some parts it's not difficult the three old men could smell the meat no problem the third uncle readily agreed he got away with nothing after causing such a big commotion last time which emboldened him what invention have you come up with this time he asked with a smile Li Fushin took out the blueprints I'll keep you in suspense for now find someone to make too and I'll show them to everyone in the yard they're definitely good stuff and everyone in our yard should be able to use them the third uncle glanced at it the blueprint was so simple it was easy to understand and he could comprehend it too I just don't know the specific purpose of this thing hearing Li Fuching say this he became very curious after chatting with the old man for a while Li Fuqing left old man look how good this piece of meat is it can render a lot of lard the third ant couldn't stop smiling the rendered lard would be enough for the two of them to eat nowadays almost every family is short of oil and fat so Li Fuching's delivery of this pound of fatty meat is much more precious than the delivery of several pounds of lean meat this piece of fatty meat is quite good let's eat it sparingly said the third uncle fatty meat and oil are so hard to find these days it seems that Fuchsing is still close to our family and is willing to ask you for help when needed the third aunt felt very proud the old man laughed and said he'll definitely come to me about the steel mill the three women were a little unhappy isn't that old man from the steel mill also there why doesn't fushing look for him but comes looking for our family this is a matter for the workshop that old man is not acting in a reasonable way if he doesn't come to me who else should he come to don't go outside and say what you just said if the old man hears it what will he think of fushing the third old man said irritably don't cause trouble for their revival I'm not the kind of person who talks nonsense the third aunt said in a low voice the old man didn't say anything he knew his wife best she wasn't one to speak carelessly but she certainly didn't know how to keep her mouth shut to be precise all the women in the courtyard were like that brought more than a pound of beef to Chee Shuwa's house just come to eat why bring meat take it back later Chee Shuwa said reproachfully her family knows all too well how hard it is to buy meat these days so naturally they wouldn't cook the pound of beef Li Fushin brought if they did would they be treating or would Li Fushin be paying Aunt Xi it's hot now it'll spoil if we leave it until tomorrow let's make it quickly Li Fushin said then the beef was put in the kitchen oh you child Hong Kong and Anning both changed into new clothes and looked much cleaner Chapter 57 it's best to go to school although both siblings were injured they were overjoyed to finally escape that hellish home from now on they will have someone to love them upon seeing Li Fushing the brother and sister greeted him warmly Li Fushing was generous and took out four pieces of milk candy giving each of them two pieces would you like to try it at this time hijinwa also came back from get off work bringing a roast duck with him he had queued for quite a while to buy this roast duck you've recovered please sit down don't be so polite with me uncle he I'm not being polite it's not like this is my first time here yes we shouldn't be polite that's the best way Hijinhua also smiled you could tell he was in a very good mood now his only worry was gone Hong Kong is very sensible he has already said that he wants to take care of his aunt and uncle in their old age recognize them as his godparents and is willing to take the surname he how could I not be happy although he's not her biological child at least he's related to her by blood which is much more reliable than someone adopted from outside furthermore after spending these few days together he has a basic understanding of the two children's character and personality they know how to be grateful and are trustworthy and worth nurturing uncle he can the brother and sister go to school especially in Onkong where the age is a bit too old will the school still accept them Anning is fine but Onkong Godfather I don't need to go to school I'll go to work to support the family and Kong said immediately having already changed his tune Hijinhua felt relieved after hearing this and patted in Kang's somewhat thin shoulder you are still young and don't need to support the family yet just focus on your studies your godfather has spoken with teacher Chen at the school and he will put in a good word for you don't worry Li Fuching understood that this was probably not as simple as just having talked about it when you ask someone for a favor a kickback is almost always required but Li Fuching certainly wouldn't say it in front of the children Hong Kong listen to your godfather study hard who knows you might become a cadre in the future Anning was still afraid of being disliked so she quickly said godfather brother Fuchsing I will definitely study hard my brother is also very good he is better at math than all the students in the village you can test him if you don't believe me hijinwa hadn't paid much attention at first and just casually gave two questions to get by unexpectedly Hong Kong immediately provided an answer this surprised Le Fuishing a bit he couldn't help but ask a question what is 35 times 35 is it 1,225 it took about four seconds Hijinhua's eyes lit up as he discovered something incredible his godson seemed to be a math genius he couldn't have solved that problem Li fushing just gave him so quickly even in his head could it be that his brain is new allowing him to solve it so fast he then presented an even more difficult challenge 125 * 125 this time and Kong thought for about six seconds and gave an answer of 15,625 Hejinhua himself was calculating and this time he even used a pen from start to finish it took about 11 seconds the answer is correct his eyes widened in shock he quickly called out to his wife Shuwa Shuwa Chi Shuwa was cutting beef when she ran over with a cleaver in hand what's wrong I have some good news for you Hong Kong is very talented in mathematics he's a genius it's just a bit of a pity that it was discovered sooner Hejinhua was excited but also felt regretful if discovered early and nurtured early they will definitely achieve great things but now that I'm older it's hard to say he believed that within Kang's talent the school would certainly not refuse him hijinwa was very clear that no school dislikes a genius some geniuses are even personally invited by the principal he needs to take a day off tomorrow to personally take on Khan to school he must explain the situation to the school and provide targeted training who knows maybe their family will produce a mathematician that would truly bring glory to one's ancestors now he's actually a little grateful to his wife's scumbag brother in law thanks to his help he's got such a wonderful godson really Chi Shi Hua was a little confused Li Fushin laughed and said Ong Kong is better at math than both me and uncle he Chi Shi Hua was so happy she was almost at a loss for words who would have thought of that she only wanted to raise two children to support her in her old age never expecting that one of them would become a math genius she'll be so proud of herself from now on old he we have to get on Kong back to school we can't let him fall behind of course I know that hijinwa paced back and forth in the room happily I'll go find teacher Chen right away and explain the situation hijinwa said turning to leave anyway it's on the same street not far away uncle he why don't we just invite teacher Chen over for dinner Li Fushin said teacher Chen had taught him before they were acquaintances Hijin Hua nodded in agreement and hurriedly left to find teacher Chen soon Hijin Hua invited Teacher Chen over these days if someone invites you out there's no reason not to go if one less person is eating the others can eat more like Teacher Chen whose family has several members and whose salary isn't high teacher Chen how have you been seeing the bespectacled somewhat thin old man in front of him Li Fuching quickly got up and moved a seat for Teacher Chen in my memory this teacher Chen wasn't particularly aloof but he wasn't like Teacher Yen in a certain drama who loved to take advantage of others and would even taste the manure cart to check its saltiness he will accept gifts from others but he will not ask for them in return it's fairly standard teacher chin was very happy to see Li Fushin he's been bragging to people a lot lately that Li Fushin is his prize student the news of lefouching being in the newspaper spread not only throughout their street but also through several nearby streets as a neighbor on the same street and someone who had once taught lefouching teacher Chen certainly had reason to boast it's a revival that's truly remarkable I saw the news reports teacher Chen and Lee Fushing started chatting enthusiastically oh right teacher Chen this is my godson Ong Kong and my godson Anning Ong Kong and Anning please say hello to teacher Chen Hijinhua seized the opportunity to say this while teacher Chen was taking a break teacher Chen then came to her senses there's a reason why someone invites him to dinner hello teacher Chen teacher Chen smiled and nodded hello you must be in calm your godfather told me you're very good at math so let me test you actually teacher Chen thought he Genwa was exaggerating and making unfounded claims so that his godson could get into school schools are naturally more lenient with geniuses and will relax some of the requirements but it wasn't appropriate to say it out loud in front of them so I decided to just ask them a few simple questions to save face he was going to eat at someone else's house after all and he could already smell the aroma of roast duck and it seemed like there was also beef hijinwa is really willing to spend money so that his godson can go to school in the morning hijinwa gave him some local specialties probably because he felt it wasn't safe so he invited him to dinner teacher Chint isn't that kind of person once he accepts a gift regardless of its value he will do his best to handle the matter well Chapter 58 delicious enough to make you cry even more than oranges whether this meal is served or not it's all the same upon hearing Mr Chen's question both Hijinhua and Li Fushin could see his good intentions Hijinhua shook his head helplessly thinking shouldn't we just leave out such a simple addition problem teacher Chen let's do some multiplication and division problems involving two digit numbers or more Hizenwa suggested whom does this mean they look down on teacher Chen paused looked at Hizenwa and her expression seemed to say are you sure don't blame me if you embarrass yourself later Li Fushin said with a smile Ong Kong is indeed very talented in mathematics I just tried it you can give me any questions you like since Li Fuxing said so teacher Chen began to believe it he listened to Hijinhua's suggestion and came up with a two digit division problem Ong Kong did not disappoint his godfather and gave an answer in just 3 or 4 seconds teacher Chen was startled 271 * 365 he can do mental calculations of three digit multiplication but he's not very fast this question was from the last exam and he happens to remember the answer 98,915 and Kong was somewhat unsure Li Fushin finally understood although he always answered correctly Hong Kong would still say the answer in a questioning tone teacher Chen was dumbfounded he suddenly felt a little excited turning to hijinawa he asked are you sure this child has never been to school it doesn't seem like it I studied in the countryside for about a year but then I had to drop out because of other things hizenwa said unconvinced teacher Qin gave out several more questions becoming increasingly surprised and delighted great come to school with me first thing tomorrow morning and start third grade right away teacher Chen said excitedly being able to recruit such a genius to the school would bring him a lot of pride moreover Mr Chun is currently teaching third grade and he also has some selfish motives he hopes to become a teacher in Hong Kong so that he can tell others that this is a student he taught just like Li Fushing now he general was satisfied now this is the result he wanted he didn't want Hong Kong to have to repeat 1st or 2nd grade that would be too much of a waste of time and would hinder Hong Kong's talent teacher Chen I'm sorry to trouble you with this the group chatted for more than 20 minutes before the food was served roast duck stir fried beef stewed potatoes and plenty of white flour steamed buns teacher Qin couldn't even afford such a meal during the Spring Festival which made him even more satisfied with Yizhen was attitude in asking for favors even if Eng Kong was just an ordinary child he would do his best to help not to mention with such high talent schools would never refuse him in fact they might even fight over him Hong Kong is too thin he needs to eat more teacher Chen said putting a piece of beef on Hong Kong's plate his concern was no less than that of Hijien Hua as if Hong Kong were his own son Hijien Hua was speechless for a moment teacher Chen that's going too far you've taken away my work he could only serve food to Anning saying Anning you should eat more too Chi Shuwa greeted Li Fuqing saying don't be shy Fuqing make yourself at home Li Fuqing nodded Aunt Chi don't worry I just don't know how to write the word polite teacher Chen wholeheartedly agreed that's true you've eaten at my house before huh is that so this is a bit awkward they can even mooch meals from the neighbor's house the original owner of this body is something else they chatted for a while longer before Li Fuxing saw teacher Chenoff when he arrived at his doorstep Li Fuching thought for a moment and said teacher Chen please wait a moment he went back into the house and took out a piece of fatty meat which weighed about one and a/2 pounds putting aside the fact that this was the original owner's teacher the fact that the original owner was able to get a free meal was enough for Lee Fushing to give him something after much thought I'll just send the fatty meat everyone is desperately seeking sustenance these days teacher Chin's family may not be wealthy but they should still have enough food to eat so sending a piece of fatty meat would be more practical teacher Chen please take this meat back with you if you really give it to me then I'll really take it teacher Chen said with a smile this wasn't the first time he'd accepted gifts he'd accept them as long as someone offered he'd only refuse if the student's family was truly in dire need otherwise even the principal couldn't stop him teacher Chen was aware of Li Fushin's situation he was a self employed man who didn't have to worry about anyone else and as a purchasing agent for a steel mill he didn't need to worry about food take it teacher Chen it's a gift from your student okay teacher Chen nodded with a smile he was especially pleased when Li Fuqing admitted that he was his student no one can say that he was just boasting on his own he put the piece of meat on the table and proudly told his family look this was a gift from my student Li Fushing oh it's fatty meat Old Shun fushing is such a good student remembering you teacher Chen's wife picked up the piece of meat with a smile on her face she already remembered Li Fushing from the next courtyard he had eaten at her house before back then Li Fushing was still in elementary school and didn't face the difficulties he's faced in recent years recently Li Fushing was in the newspaper not only did the people in the next courtyard spread the word the neighborhood office also made a big fuss about it who doesn't know about it I've taught him for several years so I'll put the meat away properly and not let the rats ruin it his wife and child were speechless for a moment in their house even mice would cry and leave two years ago during the campaign to eliminate the four pests there were far fewer rats Li Fuching bought all the items in the daily 1 cent flash sale section today's harvest is 10 pounds of oranges he also bought a lot of pagoda shaped candies on pindadoo enough for every child in the village to have some in addition they bought 250 kilograms of millet 300 kilograms of potatoes and 300 kilograms of corn I also plan to give the school some peanut oil consider it payment for the stamp on that box in the eyes of future generations it may be as black as can be but in these days being able to exchange for so much food is something to be secretly happy about after Li Fushing rode his tricycle to the factory he borrowed another one putting the potatoes and corn on one and the millet and peanut oil on the other are you free come with me back to Ligeos Way Leifushin called out to Luching Yun Luching Yun nodded in agreement I made a little over 3 yuan on the black market he's been smoking better cigarettes than his dad lately and even his older brother comes to mooch them his older brother is starting to envy him a bit his younger brother smokes better cigarettes has more money and does a more relaxed and free job take it oh juicy fushing your friend is really capable luching Yuen laughed he's not afraid of being laughed at but he's never eaten an orange in his entire life this time Li Fushing gave him about a pound all of them are mine Li Fushing nodded I've set aside Chung Kai's share Lu Cheng yuan took out a few and put them aside then took the rest home to his parents he would eat a few himself when he got back and use the rest to show off wait for me after saying that he ran home mom look what this is you've never eaten this before have you he took out the remaining oranges and put them on the table his mother exclaimed in surprise Qing Ying where did this come from don't worry about that just eat a few yourself don't give them all to fushing and the others Qing Yuan instructed he brought the oranges back mainly for his parents especially his mother he wasn't particularly fond of his sister in law and nephew Chapter 59 they don't even know to peel oranges before eating them he's afraid his mother will give all the good food to his grandson and he doesn't want to see that happen Ching Yuwen's mother was deeply moved she doted on her youngest son the most but everyone said that Qing Yuan was immature and that she spoiled him now that her youngest son is filial to her she feels very gratified and happy all that love and care over the years has paid off okay mother understands after her son left she only ate one left a few for Ching Yuwen's father and gave the rest to fushing and the others Ching Yuwen saw the contents of the tricycle but didn't ask any questions he got on one and followed Lee Fushing towards Ligi Oswayng there's always someone watching the entrance to Ligi Oswayng village they always know immediately when someone enters the village seeing two tricycles entering the village driven by Lee Fushing they knew they were bringing food for the school cafeteria some even envied the school children who in the village doesn't know that the food at the school cafeteria will be better than what's served at the village cafeteria this was Li Fushin's suggestion and no one in the village objected who wouldn't want their child to eat well we'd be more than happy to agree let alone disagree stop here have a smoke Li Fuching took out a pack of cigarettes and handed one to Lu Cheng Yuan Lu Cheng Yuan had intended to say he brought cigarettes but upon seeing that it was a Hua Zi brand he swallowed the words back he'd never smoked a Hua Zi before don't throw away the cigarette box keep it for me Ching Yuen said shamelessly and handed him the packet of cigarettes Lu Cheng Yun was overjoyed he counted them and found there were still six left he put the one he was holding back and picked up his own decanter and cigarette soon the old party secretary arrived with his men the school canteen isn't finished yet so put it in the village canteens warehouse for now nobody is allowed to touch it if anyone dares to touch it don't blame me for turning against them the old party secretary said sternly 500 catties of millet 600 catties of potatoes 600 catties of corn and 10 catties of peanut oil this amount of food is enough to feed the school cafeteria it's definitely better than the food at the village canteen since the village canteen only serves potatoes and sweet potatoes keep them separate don't mix them together the captain instructed by the way party secretary these are pagoda shaped sugar candies used for deworming please give some to the children pointed to the pagoda shaped sugar candies on the tricycle okay I'll go divide it everyone couldn't help but sigh Li Fuching really cared a lot for the children in the village knew exactly how many people lived in Ligi Oswayng how many were men and women and how many were children he first gave one to each of the school children Li Jiguang and his daughter both teachers at the school were very happy to see that the school cafeteria was ready although Li Fushin and the old party secretary had made promises before they were still a little uneasy because the grain hadn't arrived now they can finally rest easy in the coming months I won't have to worry about feeding the children and will be able to focus on teaching in addition Li Fushin's purchase of pagoda shaped candies for the village children also brought joy to the father and daughter judging from these actions Li Fuxing values the children in the village and cares about their school this provides strong support for the school giving Li Jiguang and his daughter peace of mind Fuxing have a drink with this comrade Li Jiguang warmly invited Li Fuxing and Lu Ching yuan given the school's current resources all they can offer is hot water this was also Li Fuxing's instruction to make sure the students drank hot water and not tap water so Li Jigong brought the only thermos in his house students should be reminded every day to drink hot water and pay attention to personal hygiene Li Jiguang strongly supports this approach as one of the few educated people in the village I naturally understand the importance of paying attention to hygiene and diet thank you teacher Lee just call me Ching Yuan Fushing and I are childhood friends and good buddies Luching Yuan accepted the simple wooden cup without any disgust in order to prepare cups bowls and chopsticks for the students Li Fushing specially asked Dekai to help make some wooden cups and bowls after finishing his water Li Fu xing said to Li Zhi gong brother Zhi gong I'll be going now if the school needs anything else feel free to contact me anytime okay thank you very much Fushing Li Jiguang was very grateful this not only helped all the children in the village but also his family two teachers and a cook three jobs in total all of them are directly or indirectly related to Li Fushing let's go to my house for dinner Li Fuqing said to Ching Yuan the tricycle also carried some things to take home some oranges and a few pounds of beef Qing Yuan agreed and immediately followed behind Li Fushing when he saw Li Fushing's grandparents he also called them Grandpa and grandma not treating himself as an outsider at all Mr and Mrs Lee were very happy knowing that this was her grandson's friend from the city she was naturally more enthusiastic and grandma even brought out apples to treat Lu Ching yuan Grandma I brought back some oranges have a taste Li Fuching took out the oranges oranges ah I haven't had one in years old Master Lee picked one up Li Fuching and Lu Ching yuan were both somewhat surprised that their grandfather had actually eaten oranges this thing is not common in the north not many people have even seen it Grandpa Lee then recounted old stories your great aunt married and moved to the south we kept in touch for the first few years after she got married I even visited her once they grow some oranges there are many trees in the south and some of their leaves are this big grand Polly said gesturing with his hand such a big leaf Lu Juan's eyes widened he simply couldn't imagine how big a tree would have to be to support such large leaves he even suspected that Old Master Lee was exaggerating but he had no evidence seeing that Luching Un didn't believe it Li Fuching said it's true some leaves in the south can even kill people he wasn't just making this up he had seen news reports of people being injured by falling leaves from giant palm trees a leaf weighing dozens of kilograms falling from a tree is no joke but Li Fuching was somewhat surprised to learn that one of his great aunts had married and moved to the south alright since Li Fuching said so Lu Qing yuan believed him he was simply amazed by the diversity of the world he never imagined there could be such large leaves here take some and eat Li Fuching distributed oranges Wang Yue and Wang Hua were both eagerly waiting the two children had never seen an orange before let alone eaten one they had no idea that they had to peel it and they just wanted to bite into it since the bright yellow orange peel looked quite appealing Luching Yun stopped them it's not like that learn from your brother Ching Yuwen peel the skin first Wang Yue and Wang Hua ate with great relish tasty Wang Yue flattered it's because it was brought back by my elder brother that it tastes so good she ate a few bites of the bayberry and decided to save it it was such a waste to let her eat such a good thing third aunt you can't keep them peeled oranges don't keep for long Li Fuching knew what his third aunt was planning as soon as he saw her expression so he reminded her no wonder grandma always said she couldn't eat fine chaff when there's something delicious to eat I always feel like I don't deserve to eat it and that eating it would be a waste chapter 60 braised beef broth with rice the aroma is incredibly powerful Yong May situation is a microcosm of many women in this era when there is something good they think of their husbands who work hard to support the family and their children first and they basically don't think about themselves Li Fuqing asked Grandpa Lee Grandpa you just said that I was still in contact with my great aunt at first but what happened later which province in the south did she marry and move to Grandpa Lee shook his head we lost contact after that I had your father write a few letters and send them over but there was no response I don't know what happened she married and moved to Guangdong which is very far from here it takes several days by train if it weren't so far away I could have gone to check out the situation in fact Old Master Lee already had the worst possible outcome in his mind but he was unwilling to accept it I'll look for it when I have the chance Li Fuching said it's clear that Grandpa and that great aunt have a very good relationship otherwise Grandpa wouldn't be so worried all right if you have the chance go see her for Grandpa Old Master Li forced a smile I'll just treat him like a good grandson and comfort him I'll ask around and find out some information first Li Fuching nodded Luching Yuen said Grandpa don't worry that friend of Fuching is amazing he can get anything aren't these oranges from the south Old Masterley believed this that's right oranges are produced in the south since they can get their hands on them it means they have connections in the south asking around wouldn't be a problem for them a glimmer of hope arose in his heart and he quickly told his beloved grandson the exact address Li Fushin wrote it down Grandpa's wish was certainly worth the effort he put in you all sit down I'll go cook wangya come and start the fire after you're done eating seeing that Wangya was still holding the orange peel and trying to take a bite Li Fushin didn't know whether to laugh or cry wangya quickly put down the orange peel I finished eating brother Wangya hurriedly ran to the kitchen afraid that someone else would take his job of tending the fire there are many ways to cook beef the most common being braised beef Li Fushin is going to make braised beef today he had prepared all the ingredients people usually boil meat with salt or stir fry it directly there aren't many other ingredients so making it taste delicious is practically a pipe dream Luchin Yuwen also followed them into the kitchen do you need any help Li Fushing asked with a smile what kind of help can you offer Lu Cheng yuan scratched his head he didn't cook at home either so it seemed he really couldn't help much all right help me peel the scallions and garlic Li Fushing started cutting the beef which would need to be marinated briefly to remove the gamy smell many people can't get used to eating beef and mutton because they can't stand the gamy smell after marinating first poured an appropriate amount of oil into the pot and stir fried the beef until it was slightly browned then he added water and seasonings wongya take out two pieces of firewood and light a small fire there's still enough time we can simmer it over low heat to make the beef even more tender which will make it taste even better Fuching mainly considered that his grandparents teeth weren't very good if it's hot you don't need to stay here just remember to come in and add some firewood Li Fuching said to Wong Yah it's impossible not to feel hot sitting in front of the stove on such a sweltering day it seems I should get an electric fan if I have the chance although the electricity in Ligi Oswayng is intermittent it's still nice to be able to enjoy a moment of coolness in some villages the electricity supply is already very stable for example in the nearby shuhua commune electricity has been available for several years and there are no frequent power outages Shuhua commune was similar to a town in later times the commune is currently the highest authority in a township and the director is equivalent to the town mayor it is only natural that the power supply in Shuhua commune is stable I'm not hot Brother Li Fuching glanced at him he was covered in sweat yet he said he wasn't hot after peeling the garlic Lu Cheng yuan ran out to play seeing others doing farm work he also tried it out but he quickly lost interest then he became the leader of the kids leading a group of children who weren't in school to climb trees and such the children followed him because he said he would bring them delicious food next time children will follow whoever feeds them as soon as they heard there was something good to eat they immediately swore allegiance to the eldest son regardless of whether it could actually be delivered and took Luocheng Yun all over the village soon the aroma of beef wafted from Li Fushings house the aroma once again swayed the construction workers outside causing their stomachs to rumble uncontrollably they felt that building a house for lefouching was a wonderful and happy thing these past few days had been the best meals they had had in years it's a pity the roof beams are supposed to be raised tomorrow once the roof beam is raised it means the house is nearing completion of course Li Fuching also had requirements for the house's decoration so they could work for a few more days according to Liechtenstein's plan he had to go to the tile Kiln to pick up tiles tomorrow he had already contacted the tile Kiln a few days ago asking a friend who worked there to reserve a batch of good tiles for him Luching Yuen returned just in time for lunch seeing that the beef was almost done originally planned to reduce the sauce over high heat but he skipped that step thinking that the broth would be excellent for mixing with rice he ladled the beef into a basin leaving the broth in the pot along with about a pound of beef brother Gichin let's eat first he shouted outside Lee Gichin quickly agreed as he was also starving everyone quickly washed their hands and took their bowls to Lee Fushin's side it's still millet rice and you serve yourself taking only as much as you want don't fill it too full pour some beef broth over it Li Fuching reminded him good Li Fuching scooped up a spoonful of soup which contained three or four pieces of beef and poured it directly over the rice it looked delicious and the boy holding the rice swallowed a few mouthfuls of saliva eat up and come back for more when you're done but according to previous custom they plan to eat only one bowl and save the second bowl to take home for the elderly or children in the family all you can eat how is that possible almost everyone has a big appetite these days if you let them eat as much as they want they can eat several bowls of food therefore they all tacitly agreed to only serve two bowls of rice and whether they finished them or took them home was their own decision this was a clear rule that Liechtenstein had set for them seeing that Wong Yah was covered in sweat Li Fuqing told him to take a shower quickly everyone felt bad seeing him like that let alone him luching Yuwen and the others only started eating after Old Master Li and the others picked up their chopsticks while eating he kept bragging about his achievements and he took out two sparrow nests and gave them to the children he was naturally too embarrassed to compete with the child for the spoils he wouldn't be able to hold on to his position as the leader fushing your cooking skills are pretty good how come I never noticed before Luchin Yun asked as far as I can remember Li Fuching doesn't cook much he had eaten here before but he didn't think it was this delicious I didn't know how before and I've recently Learned a bit from others do you think I'm like you with an old lady at home cooking for me Luchin Yun chuckled it's really tough not having a mother you not only have to cook but also do laundry and housework I think you should hurry up and get married grandma am I right Luching Yuwen asked Grandma Lee with a smile Chapter 61 can't pairs these words really struck a chord with Old Mrs Lee she laughed and said you're right fushing needs to get married I wonder what the girl your father found for you is like I'll bring it back when I have time so grandma can take a look he knew that was what the old lady thought so he simply went along with her wishes since transmigrating he hasn't been to Uncle Su's house which is also his girlfriend's house the girl his father arranged for him was quite nice she was still in college Uncle Sue is quite impressive he works at a research institute in fact Li Fuxing still had many questions in his mind his father knew people at the research institute and it seemed that they had a good relationship he wouldn't have been able to arrange this marriage it's been so long since I visited Uncle Sue I should go and pay him a visit when Grandma Lee heard what leifushin said she was overjoyed okay I'll let grandma know in advance there's no rush we'll have to wait until our house is finished Grand Polly chuckled quite satisfied feeling his life was complete Lu Ching Yun sat for a while then rode a tricycle back to the city without lingering any longer Li Fuching bought 10 bottles of pear preserves in the pendiduo in this day and age Ken food is scarce and expensive bringing two cans of food when visiting someone would definitely make you look good Li Fuching is planning to visit Uncle Su's house today grandma I'm going to work after finishing breakfast Li Fuching prepared to ride his bicycle away go ahead be careful on the road on the way Li Fuching was thinking about what he should bring with him you can bring two cans of pears I don't know if Uncle Su's family is short of food there are two elderly people living with him but they don't live together he also has three daughters Li Fushin's wife Su Chen is the eldest the second daughter is named Su Fong who is in high school and the youngest daughter Su Hui is in junior high school after thinking for a while Li Fushin bought several kilograms of noodles 3 kilograms of pork belly and two bottles of good wine from Pendere Duell bringing these four items when visiting your future father in law shouldn't be embarrassing right the senior management of the steel rolling mill held another meeting something was placed on the conference table if Li Fushing were here he would recognize it immediately as the electric kettle he wanted is this comrade Li Fushing's new invention what is it for Director Lynn looked at the thing in front of him somewhat puzzled workshop director sun said factory director I reiterate my request let comrade Lee Fushing come to our production workshop his talents are best suited to our workshop you surnamed sun are you dreaming in broad daylight who in the factory doesn't know that Comrade Lee Fuchsing works in our logistics department's purchasing section poaching people right in front of me isn't that a bit too much factory director I've already spoken with Comrade Lee Fushing he's very satisfied with his current position and doesn't want to be transferred to the workshop Director Kai Enraged launched into a tirade against director Sun Director Lynn had a headache and quickly reassured him alright since comrade Li Fuching is willing to stay in his original position we must fully respect his personal wishes we can discuss the transfer later in fact Director Lynn also wanted to say that it was a waste of Li Fuching's talents to stay in the logistics department to do procurement it hasn't been long and they've already come up with another invention though we still don't know what it's for what we're going to discuss now is the function of this invention this time everyone fell silent Li Fushing never told anyone what it was used for so who knows I think we should bring Comrade Li Fushing here said a deputy factory director the inventor himself isn't even here so what are they discussing therefore they had no choice but to send someone to find Li Fushing Li Fushing arrived at Sue Mingda's compound the old man in the courtyard even recognized Li Fushing and laughed you must be Chinner's boyfriend right what's his name again when are you planning to get married Li Fushing offered a cigarette sir my name is Li Fushing as for when we'll get married that depends on Chinner's wishes good young comrade go in quickly as soon as Li Fuching entered the women in the courtyard started discussing it amongst themselves is that pork belly I thought he came to propose marriage these days even food is scarce let alone meat bringing meat to someone's door what else could it be but a marriage proposal yeah speaking of which what does Chinner's boyfriend do is he also in college I heard laosu mention it once he's working now he's a purchasing agent at a steel rolling mill how is the purchasing agent am I good enough for Chenna Chenna is a college student now so what if he's a college student you all don't know do you that young man just now is an inventor he was even in the newspaper a while ago those who didn't know what was going on stared wide eyed you haven't come since you started working I was talking to your Uncle Sue about you last night a middle aged woman was washing clothes when she saw Lee Fushing and her face immediately lit up with a smile she is Siu Chin's mother and Li Fushings future mother in law Aunt Siu I've been quite busy with work and often go back to visit my grandparents so Li Fushings explained Aunt Sue smiled and nodded becoming more and more satisfied with Li Fuxing their whole family was actually paying attention to Li Fuxing when they Learned that Li Fuxing was not going to university to pursue further studies and had chosen to continue working his family felt a little regretful they never expected that Li Fuching would make the newspaper so quietly I understand and SIU understands your Uncle Sue and I have both read the newspaper you even invented the hand pump well she thought to herself like father like son Old Lee is amazing even though his son didn't go to university he's just as good Chinner got a great deal in this marriage Aunt Sue I did not invent the hand pump well Li Fushing quickly clarified Aunt Sue smiled and said same same brother fushing the two girls inside the room came forward to greet him she was his future sister in law Su Fong and Su Hui the two women looked at Li Fushing with a hint of admiration in their eyes why didn't you go to school today take a break today fushing G Li Fushing hadn't really noticed this he only knew that Aunt Sue was usually home at this time which was why she came at this hour he took out a handful of fruit candies and handed them to Su Hui you two sisters can share them Mom Fushing gave us fruit candy suhwee cheered excitedly even adults would be happy to receive candy let alone a middle school student like her fushing why give them so much keep some for yourself after saying this Aunt Su gave her youngest daughter a warning look Li Fushing said with a smile it was given to me by a friend I don't eat candy much so Aunt Sue please let shall we and the others have it he then took out pork belly canned pears noodles and two bottles of wine from the bag Aunt Sue and her two daughters were somewhat surprised these are all good things their family has recently started eating cereal as well there were some eggs at home Lao Siu secretly took them to the research institute which made her angry and Xiao Hui cried a lot Chapter 62 my future father in law wants meat fouching these things are too valuable you should take them back Aunt Sue quickly said if someone came to propose marriage she would accept it that's not true Aunt Sue as you know I'm a purchasing agent I have a lot of opportunities to handle these things I live alone in the city so I can't eat that much take it back to your grandparents Aunt Sue continued my grandparents have them all and I've been going back almost every day lately finally managed to persuade Aunt Sue to accept the gifts after much persuasion shall we go call your father Shall Fong go call your sister Aunt Siu instructed by Noon Uncle Siu and Siu Chen had both returned Su Chen had a ponytail and a pair of bright almond shaped eyes she was very pretty fushing why did you bring so much stuff although he scolded him Su Ming Da was still very happy he had seen the hand pump well that Li Fuching had built although it wasn't very technologically advanced it was quite ingenious and very practical we can't finish all the food at home Sumindo was speechless everyone else is starving but he can't finish his food isn't that infuriating do you have plans to go to university I can't Li Fushin shook his head Uncle Sue I am also contributing to the country now going to university won't necessarily make me much better besides my grandparents are getting old and I'm thinking of going back to visit them often Summingda originally wanted to persuade him further but after hearing what Li Fuqing said next he swallowed his words Lee Fushing chuckled inwardly thinking that as long as he moved his grandparents out he could save himself a lot of trouble that makes sense what else could he say this is simply showing filial piety to the elderly which deserves praise and encouragement moreover Lee Fushing's recent performance is far more dazzling than when he went to university my classmates are all talking about fushing Su Xian said feeling a little smug if her classmates knew that Li Fushing was her fiance they would definitely be surprised and envious fushing are you busy with procurement Sumida had no choice but to change the subject it's not too busy I don't have to go to the factory every day as long as I complete the procurement targets I'm fine the working hours are quite flexible I wouldn't have time to go back to Ligi Oswayng to see my grandparents let alone work on the hand pump well and the electric kettle Sumida grasped the key point in the words heats up quickly what's that they all know about hand pumps but they've never heard of electric kettles Li Fuching didn't hide anything he knew he'd find out sooner or later anyway he explained the structure and uses of the electric kettle and asked Uncle Sue for his corrections the idea for the quick heating water heater came from my grandmother in the village because it was inconvenient for her to boil water we've already had the factory help us with it but we don't know how effective it will be yet Sumingda understands this he sees that although the design is somewhat rough it's not a big problem once this electric kettle comes out how much firewood and coal can be saved this made him look forward to his daughter Merrily Fooshing and having children very good assuming they gave it a high evaluation the three Sioux sisters admired her even more we can buy an electric kettle for our family it will be more convenient to boil water Sioux Fawn suggested yes Suhwe nodded vigorously but her eyes kept glancing at the canned pears Li Fuching then opened a bottle eat up I have friends at the cannery if he hadn't opened it suhwee might not have been able to eat it Aunt Sue was reluctant to open it she might save it to give away suhwee and the others wanted to eat it but they didn't dare to open it secretly or they would be scolded if Li Fushin opens it then everything will be fine seeing that Li Fushing was about to get another bottle Su Mingda quickly stopped him fushing just open one and try it this stuff is so precious how can you open two bottles at once he told his youngest daughter to share the food fairly you can have them I have more at home Li Fuching wasn't very interested in the canned pears moreover even when eating it they only eat the pulp inside and don't drink the soup most people in the south probably just eat the fruit and that's it but little do they know that the authentic way to eat it in the north is to drink the soup along with it after finishing her meal sue poured some hot water into the bottle shook it and drank it tasty Aunt Sue made a pot of braised pork belly with potatoes the potatoes were one she had saved up but couldn't bear to eat today when Li Fuching came she finally gritted her teeth and braised them all Suhike hopes that Brother Fushing will come to their house more often as long as Brother Fushing comes we won't have to eat corn meal but rather good food after dinner Su Ming Da quietly went to the kitchen cut some meat and was caught red handed by his wife Su Mingda chuckled awkwardly several colleagues at the research institute are malnourished and can't even keep up with their normal work I was thinking it's fine if it's your own stuff but this was brought about by fushing how can you be so shameless put it down Aunt Sue glared at her Sumida said helplessly can I borrow it no they said they'd borrow those eggs but where have they been returned Sumida sighed and went out helplessly Li Fuching quickly caught up with him Uncle Sue I can get eggs and meat but I have to pay for them you see Summingde quickly replied of course how much it's not that they don't have money it's that they simply have no way to buy extra food pork was 1 yuan a pound and eggs were 4 cents each as you know you could hardly buy them at market price you had to use coupons Su Mingda nodded Uncle Sue understands one piece is fine but how many can we get when can we get them if you're in a hurry come to my place after dark I can't say for sure how much I can get but I'll try my best to get you as much as possible Fuching still has great respect for these researchers it is thanks to their sacrifices that generations of people have been able to live in peace and stability he overheard some of what Uncle Sue and Aunt Sue were saying in the kitchen okay I'll go there as soon as the sun sets he had to hurry back to the office and tell his colleagues that those who wanted the money should take it Summinger rushed back to the research institute found Yong Guixiang and asked Old Yong do you want some meat Yang Guixiang was speechless wasn't that obvious who doesn't want meat everyone is short of it in their research lab there are 10 people and almost all of them are malnourished some of them have even fainted several times while on duty Old Sue don't bring yours summing just said it's not mine you have to pay for it it's 1 yuan per pound and 4 cents for each egg if you want it give me the money and I'll come pick it up after get off work seeing that so Ming Da was not joking Yong Guixiang quickly took out some money this is mine I'll go ask the others upon hearing the news the colleagues at the research institute did not hesitate and took out all the money they had on them nobody wants to miss this opportunity not only are they malnourished but their families are too their institute has other research labs but summing that didn't know how much meat and eggsly Fucian could get so he didn't make a fuss for the time being and focused on his own lab colleagues first when Li Fuqing returned to the courtyard an older woman told him that people from the factory had come looking for him and that he should go there as soon as possible okay thank you so much ma'am Li Fuqing then went to the steel rolling mill and first went to see his superior Li Wenbin Chapter 63 it boils water so quickly no wonder it's called a fast heating kettle why are you taking so long I've been looking for you for ages Li Wenbin said they went to the countryside to make purchases Li Wenbin didn't even bother to point it out when you say going to the countryside you probably mean going to your grandparents village right but Li Fuching always exceeded his targets and no matter where he went he didn't care were they going to restrict the scope of his purchasing activities then he might as well quit and just stay at the factory and coast along you've invented something new again tell me what it's for the factory manager and the others had a meeting today but they couldn't come up with anything that's an electric kettle that heats water quickly which is much more convenient this is a good stuff you're really something come on let's go find Section Chief Wang he took Li Fushing to Section Chief Wang's office section chief Wong greeted him warmly please have a seat we called you back today to learn about your new invention the factory manager and the others are very interested in it he then looked at Li Wenbin and said alright that's all for you go back now Li Wenbin was speechless and could only get up and leave Li Fushin explained it again talking about the uses of the quick heating device great this invention is great let's test it out and see how long it takes to boil a kettle of water come on let's go see director Kai then he took Li Fushin to Director Kai's office Director Kai was processing documents when he saw Li Fushin arrive he immediately put down the documents told Li Fushin to sit down and sent section chief Wang back after listening to Li Fuching's explanation he smiled and said if that's really the case it will indeed make boiling water much more convenient and save firewood and coal fouching if you have any new inventions in the future don't go to those people in the workshop come to me and say let's do it ourselves we can't let them take the credit okay I'll come to the section chief if I have any new inventions in the future Li Fuqing agreed let's go test the performance of that hot water heater as the two left the office they saw section chief Wong and Li Wenbin there as well you haven't left yet Director Kai asked section chief Wong and Lee Wibben thought to themselves there's something I don't know whether I should say or not the hot water dispenser was quickly brought over and in an open space it was plugged in and inserted into a thermos filled with cold water there were many onlookers mostly factory leaders including Director Lenn after hearing the explanation they realized that it was for boiling water they also discovered that Li Fuching's inventions were basically close to people's daily lives these inventions are great they have low technical requirements and are not demanding in terms of usage conditions the fact that it's convenient and quick to boil water is enough to attract ordinary people you should know that boiling water with a stove is very slow and you have to burn firewood and coal our workshop can set up a research and development room for Comrade Lee Fushing to study new products Director Sun had not given up on the idea of recruiting such talent shouldn't be placed in the purchasing department it would be a complete waste of his abilities our logistics department can also set up a research and development room for comrade Li Fuxing just like we don't have a place Director Kai said no one who wants to poach him will get away with it what your workshop has our logistics department can get what our logistics department has you may not have about seven or eight minutes later the water in the thermos suddenly boiled it's boiling that works great the time is very short and the name Quick Heat is very fitting Director Lin clapped the factory manager applauded so naturally everyone else joined in from what we can see this is indeed a very useful and good product Joe shall we go see the higher UPS together the factory committee naturally had a say in this kind of commendation factory director Jean nodded okay let's go see what they say then the leaders gave Li Fuching a long speech of encouragement and praise it was clear from their words that Li Fushing deserved credit and a reward Director Kai genuinely wanted to provide Li Fushing with a research lab so after returning home he arranged for someone to clean out a room of over 60 square meters not only were work benches provided but sofas for resting were also installed and some basic research tools such as welding equipment were brought in if Li Fushing knew he would definitely be both amused and exasperated did they really think he was a full time inventor Director Lynn and committee member Joe drove to the home of the top leader and demonstrated the electric kettles ability to boil water it's Lee from your factory again the senior leader couldn't recall Lee Fushing's name for a moment Director Lynn Quickly said Lee Fushing is the one who invented the hand pump well he said that this water heater heats up quickly and was designed to make it easier for his grandmother to boil water the senior leader nodded good he's a good comrade who knows how to be filial this kind of capable and upright comrade should be given important responsibilities bring him to meet me next time he likes young people who understand filial piety the most a filial person can't be all that bad okay both knew that Li Fuxing had caught the attention of the top leaders and had a bright future ahead of him after chatting for a while the water boiled which still took more than 7 minutes excellent widespread adoption will make boiling water more convenient especially in areas where firewood and coal are scarce which will be of even greater significance the top leader had a farsighted vision he pondered for a moment then said I agree that your factory should set up a special workshop to produce electric kettles Shaolin remember to submit a proposal to me thank you for your support leader after sitting for a while Director Lynn and his group said goodbye we have to go back to the factory for a meeting to ensure that other production tasks are not neglected and to set up a new workshop for rapid production the only way is to expand recruitment their factory is already operating beyond its capacity due to the pressure wells recruiting a new batch of workers is now imperative after a meeting the steel rolling mill decided to recruit an additional 400 workers for a large company with over 10,000 employees hiring an additional 400 people is only considered a small scale expansion even so after the news spread many people were eager to try their luck and started pulling strings a spot at a top company isn't easy to get with more workers the pressure to feed them increased so Director Kai requested an increase in support staff and in the end they secured 30 additional positions given Li Fuching's rank he wasn't qualified for a pre selected position but Director Kai still gave him one telling him to bring his people over so he could directly complete the onboarding process thank you Director Director Kai is exceptionally good to his own people he not only fights for their benefits but also protects their own from this perspective he is undoubtedly a good leader Li Fuxing wondered who he should give the spot to Gu Cheng and Lu Ching yuan probably wouldn't be interested those two guys are living a very comfortable life now the only remaining options are the people from the Courtyard houses and Ligi Oswayng in the Courtyard House the only people of similar age and with whom he had a very good relationship were Gu Cheng and Lu Cheng Yuan therefore Li Fushing set his sights directly on the family village the opportunity to work in a steel rolling mill is incredibly tempting for rural people ledali that kid often dreams about how to get a job in the city he's been beaten by his family several times but he never gives up on his idea he's a true ambitious young man Chapter 64 20 catties of pork 300 eggs but no matter who gets the spot it can't be given away for nothing not only will giving a small favor be met with resentment but it will also cause trouble for yourself if you give the spot to lidali other young people in the village will also come to you what should you do if you give it to him there won't be any extra spots if you don't give it to him people will feel uncomfortable let's go back and discuss it with grandpa and grandma when Li Fuching returned to the courtyard house Master Zhang told him that it would take about half a day more to finish the job in fact there was only some finishing touches left honestly they were quite reluctant to part with it working here meant getting to eat millet porridge and Li Fuching often treated everyone to cigarettes okay I'll settle the final payment with you tomorrow we agreed before that we'd treat everyone to meat when the project is finished I'll give each of you about a pound of meat and we won't have a feast what do you think Master Jean Li Fuching knew very well that people nowadays hoped their families could have some meat instead of setting up a feast here it would be better to just give them the meat and let them take it home to eat with their families Master Zhong was overjoyed upon hearing this and quickly agreed great that would be perfect thank you so much sir Panhu and his companions were very pleased to hear this about a pound of meat is enough for their family to eat several times a year and they strongly agree with this plan boss let's talk then LED Master Zhong into the house and closed the door behind him I want to ask the employer if the final payment for the wages can be settled with grain I know it's difficult Master Zhong asked in a low voice the main problem is that food is so hard to buy I finally found a boss who is a purchasing agent so I have to give it a try Li Fushin nodded in agreement that's fine how about sweet potatoes and potatoes Master Zhang was stunned for a moment not expecting Li Fushing to agree so readily okay no problem sweet potatoes and potatoes are fine Li Fushing continued is it okay if the price is a little higher than the market price Master Zhang was already prepared for this and quickly nodded it's only right grain is so hard to get these days thank you boss yesterday a distant relative who had fled famine came to our house he said that food had run out in his hometown and more than half of the villagers had left all seeking a way to survive Master Zhang wanted to get him some grain to take back with him staying at home all the time is not a long term solution oh right boss there's also the furniture we talked about last time didn't you say you weren't going to sell anymore Master Jean chuckled I think he wants to raise the price he got anxious as soon as he saw that you hadn't made any moves these past two days this morning he told me that he would do it according to your plan Li Fuching had indeed wanted to ignore him before as all he did was ask for at least several hundred kilograms of refined rice or flour treating him like a sucker it's not like his family is the only one with antique furniture it wouldn't be difficult for Li Fuqing to find it if he wanted to this city of Beijing was the capital of both the Ming and Qing dynasties and it has accumulated countless precious old objects even ordinary people's homes may have a few valuable items okay I'll go to his place to collect it later let him bring it over said Mr Zhang that works too we can have him leave it outside the courtyard house he doesn't need to move it in after finishing his business Master Zhang took his men back home Li Fushing then bought 10 kilograms of pork and 300 eggs from Pendou Duo 300 eggs may sound like a lot but they only cost 12 yuan pork is one piece per pound which is 20 yuan it cost a total of 32 yuan which isn't much this was Li Fuching's first time dealing with a research institute and he felt he needed to be cautious and not go too far then he lit a cigarette and waited for Uncle Sue to come over as dusk fell Sue Mingda arrived on his bicycle he had been to the courtyard before and an older woman recognized him your house is nicely renovated fushing if you need more money just tell Uncle Sue after entering the house Su Mingda looked around and was quite satisfied he had just heard the older woman say Li Fushing was renovating the house for his wedding this made his future father in law very proud at least this young man cared about his daughter and knew how to decorate the house Uncle Sue you have enough money my father left me a lot of money before he passed away but he was secretly looking at Sue Mingda he always felt that something was off about his father running off with the widow Uncle Sue might know something Sue Mingda's eyebrows twitched a few times what kind of excuse is that oddly coming up with Fushing noticed the subtle change in Uncle Sue's face and understood what was going on he wasn't stupid he was a time traveler Uncle Sue this is all I can get for now if it's not enough I'll try to get more next time getting straight to the point summing Da opened the sack and saw that it contained pork he then lifted the cover of the basket next to it and found it was full of eggs there are a total of 10 kilograms of pork and 300 eggs enough enough fushing on behalf of our institute I thank you he could have bought more with the money he brought he knew that it was already very difficult for fushing to get these things and he couldn't ask for more furthermore with the revitalization plan in place obtaining food and other necessities will indeed be much simpler in the future no rush there's plenty of time he handed over $35 to leave fushing Uncle Sue there are 32 in total summing did stuff the money into his hand you have to earn something too I can't let you work for nothing alright help me carry this basket of eggs out seeing that the eggs in the basket were lined with straw and some shockproof measures had been taken he felt much more at ease Su Mingda tied the eggs to the back seat of his bicycle placed the pork on the front crossbar and carefully rode towards the research institute although he had taken measures to protect the eggs in the basket from shock he still dared not be careless these are all essential nutrients for our comrades inside the research institute everyone was waiting for good news from Sue Mingda Brother Mingda is back help me quickly they saw Sue Mingda returning with something from the window and knew it was meat and eggs they were all overjoyed and rushed downstairs to help Summinga be careful those are eggs Summinga quickly said the group immediately became more nimble they carried the meat and eggs back to their lab closed the door and then opened the bag and lifted the cloth covering the basket the exposed pork was very fresh mostly fat which made them even happier there were also eggs some of them were seeing so many eggs for the first time we'll split it equally I'll return the extra money to you this should have cost 32 but I gave you 35 assuming to set Yong Gu Ju young nodded okay let's split it evenly of course summing that couldn't pay for it himself so he understood if he was given an extra 3 yuan meat cost 1 yuan per pound and eggs cost 4 cents each which although higher than the market price were still very hard to buy their salaries are not low and they all have some money in hand yes it definitely has to be split equally everyone present was an intellectual they wouldn't do anything beneath their dignity and they were all reasonable Chapter 65 bringing food home don't thank the gods then they began to divide the meat a group of people had been prepared for this each person gets about 2 pounds of pork and 30 eggs which is just right after everyone happily returned home with the meat and eggs Yong Guocheng offered Su Mingda a cigarette Old Sue what's the deal can we continue this in the future Old Lee's son is now a purchasing agent at the steel rolling mill don't tell anyone Yong Guocheng was stunned for a moment not expecting that it was Old Lee's son who had gotten the meat and eggs for them old Lee and they used to be colleagues but he was secretly transferred away recently due to organizational needs although they couldn't find out exactly where he went they could guess the general idea I remember he made a pressurized water well a few days ago and it even made the newspaper Yong Guichang said yes maybe we'll have to go again in a few days Young Gu Juan asked in surprise what do you mean by that he's come up with something new called an electric kettle summing de gave a brief overview young Gu Juan was absolutely certain that the hot water dispenser would definitely work look at other people's kids thinking of his son who failed the exam Yang Guixiang felt a wave of frustration how could the difference be so vast he and Old Li weren't that different yet their sons were worlds apart Old Li's son is engaged to your chin'er right Sumida chuckled you old bastard got a huge bargain Yang Guixiang said angrily he also has a daughter but she is a year older than Li Fushin but as the saying goes a woman three years older than her husband is like a golden brick so what's wrong with being a year older looking at Li Fuching's two inventions it seems they were both made to make things easier for his grandparents it's clear that the boy is very filial even without mentioning his other abilities this alone is enough to make him popular with many elders late at night Master Zhong along with several people delivered the antique furniture to the outside of Li Fushings courtyard you wait here I'll go in and find him Master Zhong instructed the middle aged man was somewhat discouraged when he first heard that the buyer was a purchasing agent he deliberately quoted a high price and waited for the other party to bargain but to my surprise they simply refused to accept it as time went by his family's food supplies dwindled and they could no longer hold out selling this stuff through a consignment shop would be too much of a loss so he would never give it to a consignment shop unless absolutely necessary besides what he needed wasn't money but Food Boss the goods have arrived Master Zhang knocked on the door carrying a bag of millet and some sausages in his hand and said to Master Zhang could you please help me carry the other bag good 60 catties of millet 60 catties of sweet potatoes plus 3 catties of sausages can be exchanged for five pieces of Rosewood furniture outside the group of people were waiting anxiously and quickly came up to him comrade may I take a look at the grain first of course it's up to you the man opened the bag of millet reached in and took a handful and quickly determined the quality of the millet it was excellent they hadn't tried to fool him the other bag of sweet potatoes was used to randomly select a few to examine very satisfied he glanced at the 3 pounds of sausages in the bag and quickly put them away afraid that if they were to spread they would taste the same thank you comrade the father and his two sons each took one item and walked away carefully boss shall I help you move it in no need thank you very much Master Zhong I'll prepare some gifts for you tomorrow please don't refuse you're too kind boss go and call Brother Pan Hu and the others over we'll get the grain back for you tonight so there won't be too many people around tomorrow tens of yuan worth of grain is quite a lot yes the labor cost is only a few dozen yuan and the rest is for materials so of course we have to pay for those they simply paid the workers with grain they gave us all millet sweet potatoes and potatoes there were quite a lot of them okay I'll go right away Mr Zhang hurriedly left once everyone was alone Li Fuching packed all the furniture into his pendu Du backpack he went back inside and stayed for more than 40 minutes before coming out and taking out the millet and other grains he had prepared Master Zhang returned with several helpers here's 100 yuan for materials Mr Zhang please take it okay thank you employer Master Zhang simply stuffed it into his pocket without counting it actually he was used to handling money and he could almost tell the exact amount just by touching it so there was no need to count it in front of Li Fushiing their focus was entirely on the food each of you take a bag of sweet potatoes and a bag of potatoes you can get the millet from my house tomorrow Master Zhang said to Pan Hu and the others with these two bags of grain if we eat them sparingly they will last a long time everyone trusted Master Zhang so they helped carry the millet a bag of potatoes and a bag of sweet potatoes onto the truck master I'll take it back for you Master Zhang refused pan whose request you all do your own thing first don't worry about me I have a cart it's much easier for me than yours although the price of this grain was much higher than the market price it was much lower than the black market price at least within the acceptable range for Master Zhang and others Panhu carried two bags of grain home yet his steps were remarkably light despite the weight being over 100 pounds with these sweet potatoes and potatoes he felt hopeful for the future back in the tenement he didn't dare disturb anyone and quietly returned home the house was pitch black and even his mother couldn't bear to light a kerosene lamp mother light the lamp he knew his mother was definitely not asleep sure enough the sound of a match being lit came from inside the room with a hiss a spark appeared and was moved to the kerosene lamp instantly illuminating the room the younger siblings stirred a few times then rolled over and went back to sleep mom here's a bag of sweet potatoes and a bag of potatoes we can also get some millet from the master tomorrow the employer also said that he'll give each of us a pound of meat tomorrow this was the most energetic they'd ever been at work not only do they get to eat a good meal every day but they've only worked for a little over 10 days and they've already received so much grain what employer would be so generous of course their master was also very generous when other masters trained their apprentices the apprentices didn't get this much the masters usually ate the meat and the apprentices were lucky to get a sip of soup even worse they'll make you work for free treating you like a beast of burden in the production team they'll claim they've taught you skills and you still want payment pan whose mother murmured her thanks to the gods for blessing her son and allowing him to meet a benefactor as she spoke her eyes welled up with tears this is the food that their family needs to survive mother this isn't the way to do things anymore Pandhu quickly said if it were discovered by someone with ulterior motives they would slap a label of futile superstition on you and that would be troublesome okay you should learn the skills from your master properly in the future and take the initiative to do those heavy jobs she once again told Panhu these principles Panhu had become immune to it he had long remembered the principles and his master's kindness and he knew very well what he should do Master Zhang returned to his yard and quietly carried all four bags of grain home yongsheng take some food back with you tomorrow Master Zhang said to a man in his late 20s this is Master Zhang's cousin Chapter 66 boiling water with electricity what a convenient thing Zhang Yongshang hesitated he had originally planned to come and stay with his cousin to see if he could find some odd jobs in Beijing to support himself even if he could bring some food back to his hometown how long would it last elder brother Master Zhang interrupted him listen to me first when you left there was hardly any food left at home your uncle and Anne are getting old although they live with your brother they probably can't survive these days you said it yourself your brother's family has four children take the grain back first if you really want to come out you can get a letter of introduction in the village and work with me to build houses and do renovations that way you can make a living Jean Yong Chiang immediately knelt on the ground and kowtowed first he wanted to thank his cousin for providing food second he wanted to thank his cousin for taking him along and giving him a way to survive alright get up quickly you came out without even a letter of introduction Master Zhang was somewhat speechless where should we stay along the way without a letter of introduction we can't take the train or stay in goose houses which is very troublesome Master Zhang left some grain and gave the rest to Zhang Yongcheng to take back he only has this one branch of relatives left so let's help him as much as we can he had just thought it over carefully and decided that it would be good to have his cousin work for him that way he could not only support himself but also help out his uncle and aunt give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime Mr Zhang asked his wife to make millet porridge so that Zhang Yongchang could eat his fill before setting off eat more you can't even ride in a car carry food with you and be extra careful Master Zhang instructed Zhang Yongcheng These days people will do anything for a bite to eat he placed some coal on top of the two bags of grain then tied the two corners of the bags together deliberately leaving the middle exposed so that the coal inside could be seen nevertheless Mr Zhang was still somewhat worried I'm full sister in law you don't need to serve me anymore Mr Zhang's wife knew her husband was sentimental she didn't object to giving food to distant relatives after all when her family was in financial difficulty her husband had also let her take food back with her I sewed that 30 yuan into your clothes you can take it out when you get home said Mr Zhang's wife okay don't worry sister in law Zhang Yongshang felt that his cousin's wife treated him better than his own sister in law and was very kind to him it is said that the eldest sister in law is like a mother but his own sister in law always disliked him no comparison no harm done compared to her cousin's wife her own sister in law could be described as sharp tongued and mean spirited he planned to send the grain back and then immediately go to the village to get a letter of introduction so he could hurry back to Beijing to work with his cousin he didn't want to stay in his hometown for even a moment longer take these two pieces of clothing back for your uncle and aunt and give them our regards putting the two pieces of clothing into her bag okay Jean Yong Chiang nodded vigorously I've left you some water and food here listening to his cousin in law's constant instructions treating him like a child Jean Yong Chiang felt a lump in his throat and his eyes reddened alright let him set off quickly Yong Chiang when you rest try to find a safe place and don't trust anyone easily Mr Zhang told his wife to stop nagging but he ended up nagging himself Zhang Yongxiang carried dozens of kilograms of grain and walked quickly I have to go to work too I'll be back around noon Mr Zhang told his wife okay go quickly Mr Zhang's wife knew that she couldn't neglect such a boss and leave a bad impression because they might need his help in the future if they encountered difficulties Li Fuqing bought 10 kilograms of ham in the 1 cent flash sale section today it's just a big piece of ham in his memory the most famous is Jinhua ham he has eaten it several times and it tastes really good he went to the factory first and brought back the electric kettle the moment they acquired the courtyard house it caused quite a stir looking at this strangely shaped object everyone wondered what its purpose was Li fushing brought over a thermos of cold water plugged in the electric kettle and put it into the thermos fushing why are you putting this thing in the water an older woman asked this is called an electric kettle it's used for boiling water Li Fuching said can you boil water without burning a fire the residents of the compound found it amazing and even hard to believe but the news of the fuchsian association's invention had already spread far and wide so it wasn't up to them to question it therefore before the water boiled everyone watched with skeptical eyes even Master Zhong and his team who were finishing up couldn't help but look over here after about seven or eight minutes the water in the kettle boiled apart from Li Fushin everyone else present was taken aback fushin this thing is great what's the principle behind it luching un stepped forward wanting to reach out and touch it be careful this is an electric kettle Li fushing said with a smile someone asked fushing how much would it cost to do this she's clearly interested it's very convenient and it doesn't require burning coal or firewood plus it takes very little time in the long run it's definitely worth it to get one of these I asked the factory to do it for me and I didn't get paid but our factory is preparing for large scale production so we'll know how much it costs then oh right there's something else important our factory is planning to expand its workforce that last sentence was like a bomb igniting the crowd there were still several young people waiting for jobs in the yard the steel rolling mill offered excellent wages and benefits who wouldn't want to work there the news of the expanded enrollment has not yet spread widely the third uncle might know a little bit about the inside story but it was all hearsay when he came back from get off work yesterday he didn't disturb anyone in the courtyard and planned to find out more about it when he came to work today an elderly man working at the factory clinic was even less informed fooshing how many more people will be recruited in total antier asked I heard it's 400 people all eifushin could do was reveal the news to everyone he didn't intend to sell the spot he had to someone in the institute as soon as he finished speaking the young men waiting for their jobs in the courtyard quickly left without a doubt they'll talk to their fathers spend some money and pull some strings to see if they can get into the steel mill and his team finished their finishing work and asked Lee Fushing to inspect it Lee Fushing took a look and thought it was good they worked very hard and the actual results exceeded Lee Fushing's expectations thank you all for your hard work these past few days here take this meat 1 pound each Lee Fushing took out the meat he had prepared earlier and handed it to Chef Zhang Master Zhang and his companions were very happy he took it and immediately felt that the meat was heavy definitely weighing more than 4 pounds master this is 4 gene too much just take them back and divide them up he gave Master Zhang a small bag of sausages weighing less than a pound consider it payment for providing him with information about antique furniture Master Zhong understood and accepted it after taking their tools and thankingly fooshing they left revival this is the remaining millet when an air Learned that Master Zhang and the others had finished their work and wouldn't be having lunch at her place she returned the remaining millet to Li Fushing Chapter 67 the ancestor is really biased you've been a great help to Second aunt so please stay thank you very much fushing an air was very happy there are still more than two pounds of millet left if Master Zhang and his team have lunch here today it will be just right Li Fushing then went back inside took out a large bag of dried fruit and began distributing it to each household giving each family a little over 250 grams the renovations had caused quite a bit of disruption fushing you're too kind yes we're all from the same compound fushing put the electric kettle in the shopping basket took the radio from his room and then returned to Ligi Osway when we were almost at the village entrance we took out the 10 pounds of ham as soon as they got home Wang Yue and Wang Hua came up to leave fushing and told him that they had passed a lot of insects Li Fushin really wanted to say that he didn't need to be told this he had already witnessed the effects of pagoda shaped sugar in his previous life when grandma saw her beloved grandson return she immediately pulled up the sprouted bean sprouts they could have been eaten yesterday but since Li Fuqing wasn't there she had to wait another day Won Kai always stayed by Fei Fei's side whenever he wasn't in school he would help take care of the child he was very sensible Li Fuching took out a few chocolates and distributed them to them no one in the entire lgijaswan village has ever eaten this before even in the city chocolate is a high end product something that ordinary families simply cannot afford let alone eat Wang Hua broke off a small piece and put it in her mouth then she wrapped up the rest and took it home when no one was home she quietly took out a small box from the cupboard it was full of food that Li Fushing had given her after putting the wrapped chocolates into the box I quickly put it back in its original place Li Fushing hung up the ham so he could cut some to eat at noon grandma I brought my radio back with me too you can listen to it to pass the time whenever you have free time Li Fushin took out the radio turned it on and the radio emitted a crackling sound I need to change the channel Li Fuching had heard that some radios could pick up foreign stations but he had never tried them and didn't know if they were true or not just then Grand Polly returned he was originally wandering around the village as soon as he heard that his grandson was coming back wow this radio is much bigger than mine Grandma Lee said proudly that's right fushing brought it back especially to keep me entertained Grandpa Lee had one and he would take it out to show it off every day now his grandson has brought her an even better one he felt bad about spending money on his grandson he was also very happy it looks high end Old Master Lee leaned closer and reached out to touch it this radio is still in very good condition it's much bigger than the one Li Fuching bought for his grandfather so he can't take it out Li Fuching carefully tuned the station and after hearing the sound he turned it back a little the sound became clearer though still a little faint Li Fuqing adjusted the volume while explaining to his grandparents how to do it the radio was playing a storytelling performance and the grandparents listened intently there are indeed too few things to do for entertainment these days Li Fuching had no doubt that if it weren't for the concern about the battery his grandparents would have listened to it from morning till night he didn't disturb the two elderly people any further and seeing that there was electricity now he started to heat up the kettle revival what's that I asked Leiji Shin who was working the house is now under construction with the main beam in place and they are sending tiles onto the roof everyone else is hiding on the roof laying the tiles this is a delicate job if they are not careful they will be in big trouble when it rains it heats up quickly it's used for boiling water lijiichun and the others were very puzzled their eyes all focused on the small electric kettle how do we cook this they all asked puzzled Li Fushin said this doesn't require burning firewood but it does require electricity however it saves us from burning firewood and coal which makes it more convenient will this work they were all skeptical after all they had never seen such a thing before you'll find out soon enough seeing is believing Grandpa Lee also noticed that the kettle was heating up quickly and was equally puzzled in fact leifushin saw this thing when he first returned but he was quickly drawn to the radio leifushin then spoke to his grandfather about it Grandpa Lee often tells young people that he has eaten more salt than most people have eaten rice and he considers himself to be very knowledgeable but faced with this amazing electric kettle I realized how ignorant I was can you boil water without burning firewood or coal it sounds a bit unbelievable fouching wait a moment I'll call some people over said Old Masterly Li fouching could only put down the electric kettle and go to the kitchen to prepare today's dishes whenever he was home he always cooked for himself his grandmother and third aunt were reluctant to use oil when cooking and he wasn't used to it before long Grandpa Lee returned with a group of elderly men and women this also includes the former party branch secretary everyone envied Lee Fuchsing's grandfather whose life was getting better and better he ate fine grains wore new clothes and even listened to the radio that's just how city people are isn't it the certificate is displayed on the wall at home along with newspaper articles about his grandson it's a source of immense pride they've all gathered at his house people even suspected that the feng Shui of the ancestral graves in Lijiazuiang had been taken over by his family our ancestors were biased everyone should be treated equally fussing quick let these bumpkins see what's what said Old Masterly these people on the street all said he was bragging so he didn't hold back and called them bumpkins anyway he was of a higher generation so they could call him whatever they wanted Li Fucheng came out and greeted everyone some of the elderly women who were in their 70s or 80s turned out to be his sisters which was quite unbelievable it will take about seven or eight minutes Li fushing plugged in the electric kettle and put it into the water bottle I'll remember the time you can all listen to the radio everyone then gathered around the radio listening to the storyteller's voice coming from it and couldn't help but Marvel shut up Li Fushing's grandmother glared at them the room fell silent instantly everyone looked for a place to sit down and those who couldn't find a seat had to stand but if I can listen to the radio what's wrong with standing after the storytelling was finished the opera began to be performed several elderly people even shouted along finding it quite amusing Li Fuching took out some peanuts and put them down so that everyone could eat them while listening why are you looking at me take what you want to eat said Mrs Lee the elderly people were all watching Grandpa and grandmamma fussing hearing this they reached out to take the peanuts this is truly a wonderful life eating peanuts and listening to the radio it feels like a dream of course he didn't forget to praise Li Fushing and say things that Li Fushing's grandparents would like to hear this praise came from the bottom of their hearts not just as a perfunctory compliment if they had a grandson like Li Fushing they would be laughing in their sleep even if he was only half as good as Li Fuching they would feel like their ancestors graves were emitting auspicious smoke more and more villages are following our example and developing the riverbed the former party secretary said what's the situation at the commune what else can we say no one has broken any rules and the riverbed can't be predicted when the water will come in Chapter 68 no one dared to say anything about Old Master Li's arrangements it is not appropriate to include the riverbed in the scope of grain collection we must take into account the feelings of the people the commune is turning a blind eye now that's good when he returned to the village today he passed by the riverbed and found that the vegetables he had planted had already sprouted just then an old man suddenly said it's boiling the water's boiling everyone's eyes immediately fell on the kettle sure enough the water in the kettle had boiled and the sound of boiling water could be heard coming from inside it can really boil water this thing must be very expensive right only fushing can afford it uncle is really lucky Grandpa Lee then remembered the price and quickly asked his grandson fushing is this expensive if it is take it back to the city we don't lack firewood in the countryside in his eyes this kind of high tech product is better used in the city his grandson lives in the city and boiling water is troublesome with this electric kettle it will be much more convenient Grandpa this is my design the factory made it I didn't get paid and they'll even give me a reward later the old party secretary and others were all shocked did you invent this again Li Fuxing's grandparents were overjoyed their grandson's success was the greatest blessing great Old Master Li clapped his hands and cheered beaming with joy the other elderly people were incredibly envious more and more people gathered at Li Fuxing's house all wanting to see how an electric kettle could quickly boil water without burning firewood this situation continued until lunchtime the old party secretary chided everyone away go go go back to eat they didn't want anyone to interfere with Li Fuxing's family's meal it's fine if they come to listen to the radio normally but if they don't know their place at meal times they're asking for a scolding Li Fuxing cut more than 2 pounds of ham first peeled off the outer layer then sliced it and stir fried it into two plates I washed the bean sprouts again and stir fried them with some meat two simple dishes plus freshly cooked rice constitute the Pinnacle of rural life in this era Li Fuching really likes to eat bean sprouts seeing that he was eating with great relish grandma decided to give him some more the next day hoping that her beloved grandson could have it once a week during the meal Li Fuching said Grandpa our steel rolling mill is expanding its workforce to produce the electric kettles I designed our logistics director Kai gave me a spot it should be for our purchasing department or as a canteen helper what do you think about this Li Daijun and Yong May who were eating immediately brightened up when they heard this however he quickly shook his head to they are not suitable for working in a factory there needs to be a strong able bodied man in the village who can do the heavy work at home we can't let Li Fuching do it can we therefore Li Dajuan couldn't get away from the job as for young may she has to stay home to take care of the children not only her own three children but also Fei Fei what you have ideas Old Master Li looked at Li Dajuan ledajuan waved his hand I'd better not I can't get away me too yongmei said although they both really wanted to work in the steel rolling mill they resisted the temptation Lee Fushing shared the same opinion it would be best for his third uncle and aunt to stay in the village when Wonkai grows up I'll arrange a job for him in the city Le Dajwan and his wife's regrets vanished completely giving the opportunity to their son was just as good Grand Polly was thinking about who should get this spot preferably someone who could help his grandson his first considerations were of course someone close to him someone reliable not necessarily clever just obedient after taking a sip of wine Old Masterly said if it doesn't work out let's give it to Daping he's close to our family and I know him well he's honest kind and very obedient moreover their family is also in a difficult situation his father died on the battlefield while crossing the Yalu River a few years ago and the family has had a very hard time in recent years a true family of martyrs don't assume that the families of martyrs will receive many preferential treatments the country is not wealthy now and many people have died in battle so there are many descendants of martyrs can we take care of them all many descendants of martyrs live in even greater hardship after all if the martyrs were still alive they would at least have an extra able bodied person and some income which would ease the burden on their families when someone dies some places give a pension which is spent and then gone in other places it is said that one can receive a small amount of money every month until the child reaches adulthood okay then we'll give it to Daping actually he didn't know to ping at all grandma said let your grandpa go and talk to him even if someone comes to them for help in the future they will only come to their spouse and their spouse will handle those troublesome matters anyway my wife is of a higher generation so even if she scolds the visitors no one will dare to do anything about it I'll go to Dapings House right after I finish eating Li Fushin was happy to have some peace and quiet he was most afraid of people being grateful and kneeling down to Kao Dao yongmei cleaned up the table even if she didn't eat there she often came over to do housework and rarely let Grandma Li Fushin do anything Won Kai ran to see his sister again fanning Fei Fei and chasing away all the bugs that were disturbing her sleep Old Master Lee soon went out and went to Dapeng's house Lee Dapeng's family had just finished eating potatoes Ji Liang's wife is daping home Old Master Lee called out from the doorway Lee Jialiang was Lee Dapings father he crossed the river with the army a few years ago and never returned his remains are on the other side of the Yalu River a woman with graying temples came out of the house when she saw that it was Grand PA Lee she greeted him warmly uncle is here dapings should be working over at the cowsheat is there something you need him for then he instructed his daughter Xiao Mei call your brother back knowing that several nearby houses were peeking around Old Master Li decided to speak at the door how much of Gilean's pension is left I'll have fuchsing find Daping a job a job can't be given away for nothing so Old Master Lee planned to have Daping's mother take out the remaining pension Lee Daping's mother was stunned at first then overjoyed there are still 300 yuan left uncle I'll get it for you right away she had barely touched her husband's pension she knew very well that this money should never be touched unless absolutely necessary she only took out some money when her family was really struggling to make ends meet to get through the difficult times she knew that 300 yuan seemed like a lot but it wasn't enough to buy a job in the city she would definitely have to rely on personal connections to get it several nearby families were very envious but they could only be envious even if leifushings grandfather asked them their family wouldn't be able to come up with that much money Grandpa Leifushings said have daping bring it over in a bit okay thank you uncle even after Old Master Lee had walked away Lee Dapings mother was still thanking him if it can get my son a job at the steel rolling mill then the compensation money is well spent anyone with a sound mind would know to choose the job over money having a decent job in the city would completely change my son's life making it easier for him to find a wife later plus the salary wouldn't be low allowing him to help support the family and improve their living conditions Chapter 69 these days the scariest thing is poverty she knows her son well even if he goes to the city he will still take care of the family people from nearby houses then came out to congratulate De Ping's mother their envy evident in their expressions usual you'll be set for life once Dapeng gets a job at the steel rolling mill from now on we'll be eating government subsidized grain which is different from what we villagers eat Dapeng is at the age where he should find a wife I have a niece on my family who is quite nice I'll introduce her to Daxing another day news of Li Fuxing arranging a job for Li Dapeng spread quickly although I was envious I couldn't say much after all they contributed 300 yuan how many households in the village could afford that much money at the brigade leader's house his wife said dad let's give fuchsin 300 yuan and beg him to get our yonghong a job at the steel rolling mill the captain said helplessly what are you thinking you think you can get into the steel rolling mill for 300 yuan do they really think Li Fuqing is the factory director other villagers might not know but surely he does a job in the city isn't that cheap especially at a steel rolling mill the team leader could come up with 3 or 400 yuan but he didn't think that money could buy him a job at the steel mill there must be some favors from fushing involved since they didn't contact their family there's no need to make things difficult for them you need to know how to be a good person he knew in his heart that Lee Daping and Lee Fushing's family were already quite close and in addition Daping was a martyr's family member which was why fushing took special care of him although he also shares the surname Lee he is already beyond the fifth degree of kinship there are so many people with the surname Lee and Ligi Oswayng we can't possibly take care of every single one of them don't go around saying anything out there the captain warned his wife he was genuinely afraid that his wife might say something inappropriate and offend fushing Lee Daping rushed home and his mother stuffed all the compensation money into his hands let's make this clear first all three of you siblings will have a share of this money you're the eldest so you'll have to use it first you'll have to bring your wages back later until your younger sibling's shares are paid out Duping's mother kept instructing him for several minutes Lee Dapeng kept it all in mind and then took 300 yuan to find Lee Fushing great uncle great aunt and uncle 21 upon arriving at Lee Fushing's house Lee Dapeng quickly greeted them Dapeng's here old Mrs Lee said with a smile she also brought out some food uncle 21 my mother asked me to bring the money over it's all here Li Daping said taking out the 300 yuan which was wrapped in several layers of cloth Li Fushin took it and pretended to count it go find the old party secretary come with me to the steel rolling mill tomorrow you'll either be helping me with purchasing or helping out in the canteen bring your clothes and everything Li Fei shing said Li Daping understood that he would definitely be able to get in and he was extremely grateful he was honest and kind but he wasn't a fool who knew nothing your family paid for it Li Daping didn't say anything 300 yuan was not enough to buy a job in a steel rolling mill no amount of words of thanks would help he would have to prove it with concrete actions in the future Lee Fushing then told Lee Daping some precautions to prepare him Lee Daping listened attentively even repeating some of the words to himself several times in his mind after leaving Li Fuxing's house he went directly to the old party secretary yes that money is good for buying a job we can't just sit around and do nothing but remember when you get to the steel mill you must make your uncle 21 proud the old party secretary instructed Li Daping while opening the letter of introduction understood uncle he took the letter of introduction home and although his mother couldn't read she read it over and over again several times and was very happy from now on their family will also have workers receiving government subsidized grain rations since Fuchsing sent her son with a letter of introduction and daily necessities such as clothes it means that the job is basically secure uncle 21 also said that he would ask the factory to arrange a place for me to stay as soon as possible Li Daping said his mother nodded feeling even more grateful it's only 300 yuan who would be so concerned about helping only brotherly fushing the 21st listen to the party secretary and try not to cause trouble for your 21st uncle of course she also knew that her son was not the type to cause trouble she then took out the little money she had left at home my son just started working and we need to buy him some things but we can't do it without money mom if I take the money what will happen to the family Lee Dapin refused his mother said there's no need for money at home for now just remember to bring your salary home in the future when you need money don't let your 21st uncle take it we've already troubled Lee Fooshing so much we can't let him pay us more Lee Dapin nodded vigorously and accepted the loose change to get him a job at the steel mill the family practically went bankrupt if I didn't understand this would I even be human the news of Lee Dapin entering the steel rolling mill spread more and more widely in Liji Oswayng the young men were so envious ledali in particular had always wanted to go to the city it's a pity their family doesn't have that much money otherwise they could ask uncle 21 for help going hunting in the mountains I thought it through you really can't do without money ledali said to his friends like this time he had the opportunity to work in the city but he had no money and could only watch it slip away as long as he could hunt prey even just a little he would have a chance to get into the steel mill my dad won't let me go if the village finds out Leadali interrupted him why not just do it secretly once I catch the prey I'll go straight to uncle 21 he also Learned from his previous mistakes once you've caught your prey you must avoid Le Family Village and deliver it directly to uncle 21 D'ya can you bring out your hunting rifle Le D'ya asked D'ya it's possible but I'm afraid what's there to be afraid of what I'm afraid of now is being poor alright the group agreed to find an excuse to sneak away tomorrow and go hunting in the mountains as long as they caught some game and made money even if they got a beating from their families it would be worth it they weren't envious of leaping that money was earned by his father with his life in the courtyard were live fooshing lives unemployed young people are also running around trying to find jobs for example the eldest son of the third uncle he went to the director today to ask about the situation the director gave him a number indicating that it was a spot he had reserved if you don't want to pay you can only obediently sign up and then wait if you're lucky you might get a spot but the probability is quite low the third uncle was well aware of this the director also stated that there was no fear of a lack of applicants for the pre selected spots the reason he was given priority consideration was because Li Fuching lived in the same compound as him the third uncle understood of course that even if it cost money there was no shortage of job openings he immediately asked the director to reserve the spot for him and he would send the money the next day the money for buying the job will be deducted from my son's salary anyway so I need to make that clear to my eldest son as for how much to pay each month we'll discuss it when we get home those who have no money at home can only register at the neighborhood office and wait for the neighborhood office to make arrangements Chapter 70 leading someone into the factory makes things easier in this era many jobs are arranged and assigned by the neighborhood committee the neighborhood committee has firsthand information on which factory needs how many people therefore never offend the neighborhood committee Lee Daping arrived at Lee Fushing's house Daping come and eat Lee Fushing said no need uncle 21 I've already eaten as soon as I finished speaking my stomach started growling leaping was so embarrassed that he wished he could disappear into a crack in the ground don't be shy come in quickly Old Master Lee retorted enough with the nonsense your 21st uncle tells you to eat so just eat although the tone was harsh Li Daping felt a warmth in his heart he was initially nervous about going to work at the steel mill afraid he wouldn't do well and would embarrass his uncle 21 and his family but now seeing how much his uncle 21 cared about him he wasn't so nervous anymore he nodded thank them and went inside to eat steamed buns but didn't eat the eggs Li Fuqing handed him two eat them quickly Li Daping nodded took the egg carefully peeled it and slowly ate it he hadn't eaten an egg in a long time Li Fushing pushed his bicycle out get on the bus you'll have to learn to ride a bicycle from now on uncle 21 I'll just follow behind you Li Fuqing laughed and said why are you running hurry up and get on you'll be exhausted by the time you get there pack your things you don't actually need to bring the warm clothes so early just leave them here bring two sets of clothes to change into the factory will provide uniforms after you start work in the eyes of many people in later generations wearing work clothes is a shameful thing but in this day and age wearing work clothes is a matter of pride especially in rural areas modern work clothes are mostly made of denim and have incredibly outdated styles but they look just as good as luxury brands from later generations because the work uniform symbolizes social status it signifies a household that receives a salary and a food supply and although the salary is not high one person can support a large family in rural areas a family with a worker in their household carries considerable weight Grandma Havwangya take dapings thick clothes back to his house later Grandma Li nodded with a smile okay Wang Yao is here grandma will have him take it back continued to urge Li Daping to reduce his luggage the factory will provide things like wash basins and towels this is the advantage of working in a large factory employees receive a lot of things especially daily necessities and some factories even have childcare centers and schools which can solve all the living problems of employees that's why so many people are desperate to get a job as a factory worker when those who built the house for Li Fuching heard this they were all very envious and thought it was really good to be a worker Lee Fushing rode his bicycle with Lee Dapeng where they chatted with the security guard for a while to build rapport after parking the bicycle Lee Fushing LED Lee Dapeng to Director Kai's place does he want to work in purchasing or does he want to help out in the cafeteria Lee Fushing said to Lee Dapeng Dapeng choose for yourself since there was still a choice Lee Dapeng naturally chose purchasing his 21st uncle was a purchasing agent and he could help his 21st uncle with his work in the future I wanna work in purchasing Director Kai nodded and said okay then fushing you can take him to the personnel department to go through the procedures he wrote out an employment certificate and asked Leif Fushing to take it with him okay then I won't bother you any longer Director Kai chuckled and teased disturbing you I never see you all day hurry up and go to the personnel department to complete the formalities come on follow me to the HR department Lee Dapin followed closely behind Lee Fushing when he arrived at the steel rolling mill he realized that his 21st uncle was also very popular there almost everyone he met would greet him as if they all knew his 21st uncle Sister Zhang this is my nephew I brought him here to complete his onboarding process Li Fushing took out a handful of fruit candies and placed them on Sister Zhang's desk in the personnel department when he joined the company it was this Miss Zhang who helped him with the paperwork Sister Zhang immediately laughed and you still remember your Sister Zhang she was happy to receive the fruit hard candy but what made her happiest was that Li Fushiing still remembered her Li Fushiing is so famous now everyone was eager to get some connection with Li Fushiing look at what you're saying how could I not remember when I joined the company it was you Sister Zhang who helped me with the registration Sister Zhang then looked at Li Daping fushing is your nephew that big yes I'm of a higher generation dping so I call her Sister Zhang hello Sister Zhang Li Daping quickly greeted her Sister Zhang smiled and nodded after glancing at the letter of introduction and employment certificate she quickly processed Lee Dapings employment procedures and assigned him to the 6th section where Lee Fuchsing worked they also gave Lee Dapings a lot of daily necessities including towels washbasins soap work clothes and so on some of them were given out of respect for Li Fuching Li Daping couldn't help but sigh inwardly indeed having connections in the court makes things much easier with uncle 21 around everything goes so smoothly they distributed so many things and they were all new especially the work uniforms for some new employees the uniforms might not even be new and they might not even have a choice the uniforms they receive might not fit we have some vacant buildings in our factory located on these streets you can choose one this was still given out of respect for Leifu'sing otherwise even if housing were allocated one would have to wait in line and there would be no choice if assigned a bad one one would have no choice but to grit one's teeth and live there but Leifu'sing could choose Li Fucheng glanced around and saw that there was an empty room in the courtyard house next to his street that's fine thank you for your help Sister Zhang Lee Daping remained silent obeying his 21st uncle's every command as his mother had instructed okay take the certificate and go to the neighborhood committee to pick up the keys Sister Zhang said as she issued a certificate thank you Sister Zhang and Li Daping expressed their gratitude in unison come with me to see our section chief first then I'll take you to the neighborhood committee to tidy up the house you can report to the factory tomorrow the two then went to see Lee Wibben who was very respectful and spoke some friendly words to Lee Dapeng telling him to work hard in the future and learn more from Lee Fushing yes sir just relax a bit there aren't that many rules in our section as long as you can meet the procurement targets you're pretty free to do whatever you want said section chiefly he really wanted to say look at your uncle 21 he doesn't come to the factory much after meeting Lee Wenbin Lee Fushing took Lee Daping to the subdivision office Lee Daping followed behind feeling both excited and happy now that I have a job and will soon have a house I'll be considered a city dweller I wonder how many envious glances I'll receive in my work clothes uncle 21 I'll go to shirha commune tomorrow and see if we can buy some grain there Lee Daping said expressing his idea Chapter 71 who doesn't need food the situation in the villages below was almost the same as in Ljljane where would they find any surplus grain the edible things have been almost all eaten up and most people are still hungry going there to buy food is like looking for a needle in a haystack that's why Li Daiwei decided to go to the commune yes we can go and take a look around he plans to buy things on pendoduo in the future and then have Li Daiwei sell them to the steel mill this way he can not only trade things but also keep a low profile there's no rush now let Lee Daiway run into some obstacles first the two arrived at the neighborhood office soon Director Chen just returned upon seeing Lee Fushing the gatekeeper didn't ask any questions and let him in directly who in the entire subdivision office doesn't know Lee Fushing who doesn't know his relationship with director Chen Grandpa take this home for your kids to try Li Fushing handed the old man a handful of candy the gatekeeper was very happy Lee Fushing arrived at Director Chen's office Aunt Chen are you busy he immediately smiled and said perfect timing reporter Chen from the newspaper is here again he should be going to your courtyard now you've invented something great again all quietly I heard it's called an electric kettle which can boil water without burning firewood or coal she likes inventions that are helpful to people's lives she saw Li Dawei following behind Li Fuxing who is this young man Aunt Shun this is my nephew from the village the factory arranged a job for him and also assigned him a house which is right next to my courtyard house number 65 I brought him to the neighborhood committee to register and get the keys hadn't expected the Beijing Daily to be so quick the electric kettle hadn't even been officially launched on a large scale yet and they were already coming to interview him your nephew I can handle it for him I'll take him there later you should go back first director Chen said okay then I'll trouble you Aunt Shun Li Fucheng gave Li Dawei a few more instructions before hurrying back Li Dawei saw this and thought to himself that uncle 21 was really capable able to get along so well in the neighborhood office his connections were truly unmatched whether it's a steel rolling mill or a street office everything goes smoothly that's amazing Director Chen asked a few casual questions registered Li Dawei filled in Li Dawei's name in the empty house in courtyard number 65 and gave him a grain ration book make sure you keep your grain purchase book and grain coupons safe if you lose them you won't have any more grain rations and it will be a hassle to get replacements Director Chen said thank you Director Chen I will definitely keep them safe Li Dawei nodded even if he lost himself he couldn't lose these grain coupons and ration book come on I'll take you to your place this was a trivial matter that didn't require her as a director to handle personally any clerk could have easily taken care of it but Director Chen wanted to see Li Fushing and since Li Fushing was his nephew she went in person when Li Fushing arrived home he ran into Chen the reporter who hadn't found him and was about to leave when reporter Chen saw Li fushing he felt his trip was worthwhile very nice after entering the house the reporter and his companions looked around at the newly renovated house although it was not luxurious it was bright and clean giving people a very comfortable feeling they all really liked this decorating style comrade Li Fushing Brother Chen just call me fushing no need to be so formal reporter Chen was even happier I'll take the liberty of calling you fushing from now on Li fushing brewed a pot of tea the tea leaves were bought from pendiduo and weren't expensive a friend gave this to us a few days ago he said it's new tea please have a taste pouring tea for everyone you'll definitely have to try it nowadays most people can't get their hands on tea let alone new tea since there are few tea growing areas in the north even in Beijing many people still drink sorghum liquor reporter Chen started talking about electric kettles and began interviewing Li Fuxing about them Li Fuxing handled this kind of interview with ease today's journalists aren't as unethical as those of later generations where one could easily fall into a trap if not careful moreover given the current relationship between Li Fushing and reporter Chen he would remind Li Fushing to make corrections to those more sensitive points so as not to let Li Fushing fall into any traps the reporter and his companions were deeply moved if they hadn't seen it with their own eyes they would never have imagined that someone who had never attended university could invent two products that benefit the people in such a short period of time before they came here they specifically used an electric kettle which boiled a pot of water in just 7 minutes and 32 seconds that's right they've tested it as a journalist the most important thing is to be factual strongly disapproves of the exaggerated reporting of recent years but that's just how society is now other people's opinions have little influence and can't change anything reporter Chen took notes while conducting the interview and highlighted some key points when he gets back he will polish the interview content and pick out and correct all the flaws fushing have you considered the next invention reporter Chen took a sip of tea and continued to ask Li fushing shook his head there isn't one yet we'll see what the people need besides my knowledge is still very limited and I need to continue to study hard do you have any plans to go to university learning doesn't necessarily mean going to school we can also learn while building our country as the saying goes one is never too old to learn during the interview the women in the compound started a lively discussion again it seems fushing will have to be reported again the ancestral graves must have caught fire right do you think Old Lee would regret it if he knew an older woman couldn't help but ask I absolutely regret it I have no idea what Lauley was thinking exactly what a foolish thing to do all for a widow if I had known I would have introduced a wife to lowly my cousin although she is also a widow has never had children and has a very beautiful figure that one who lost two husbands forget it what if old Li isn't tough enough after the interview Li Fuching asked Brother Chen do you need any food who wouldn't want food reporter Chin Side another purpose of their visit today was to buy some grain from Li Fuching the eyes of the other three people lit up as well their families were starting to run out of food and they were eating less and less each day others may not know but those in the media know very well nationwide grain production is declining this food shortage will continue therefore they also have a strong sense of food crisis and want to bring as much food as possible into their homes to cope with future uncertainties I recently purchased some you can just pay the purchase price thank you fussing the group said gratefully li fussing brought a bag of millet 10 caddies of wheat flour and 20 caddies of chestnuts from another room today's 1 cent flash sale is for these 10 pounds of flour the remaining millet and chestnuts were bought from Pindodo at market price are there that many they thought that buying about 10 kilograms would be enough is this bag of millet okay Chapter 72 you were able to get jobs in the factory thanks to fushing may I that's absolutely amazing are you kidding me in this situation do they even have time to be picky in some places they even boil and eat tree bark and roots let alone mill it Brother Chen can we have Xiaomi the other three pleaded reporter Chen sighed and could only nod okay actually he preferred millet firstly it was cheaper and secondly it was less conspicuous allowing him to eat it openly white flour on the other hand would have to be eaten secretly behind closed doors to avoid arousing jealousy Li Fuching didn't expect that millet would be even more sought after finally the other 3 divided the 45 kilograms of millet among themselves reporter Chen took 10 g of wheat flour and each person took 25 kilograms of chestnuts Li Fuching's offer was slightly higher than the price at the pigeon market they were all very willing to accept it you see even if black market prices skyrocket any grain will be snapped up and if you're slow you won't be able to buy it at all compared to black market prices this is already very reasonable fushing then we'll be going now reporter Chen and his companions were quite satisfied okay brother Chen take it easy after seeing them off Li Fushing didn't go home instead he went straight to the neighboring courtyard to check on Li Dawei as soon as I walked in I saw director Chen talking to the people in the compound telling them not to bully Li Dawei because he was new which seemed to indicate that he was backing Li Dawei up how could director Chen not see it these people must have been eyeing that empty house for a long time right suddenly having it taken away by outsiders must have made them unhappy and it's quite possible they'll ostracize them please rest assured Shao Li will be a member of our compound from now on an old man from courtyard number 65 happened to be there today and had to step forward to express his opinion Li Fushin stepped forward and looked at everyone saying dear elders Dawei is my nephew from the countryside I hope you will take good care of him in the future everyone was surprised not expecting that Li Dawei had this connection how could their neighborhood not know Li Fuqing you could say Li Fuqing is the pride of the entire neighborhood and as people from neighboring neighborhoods everyone feels proud of him oh he's Fuchsheng's nephew that's good the Andes chimed in yes you should have said so earlier Charlie wait a moment while I help you clean your room we'll be neighbors from now on so let us know if you have any problems Li Dawei who was initially a little nervous immediately relaxed after seeing Li Fushin it's clear that the people in this courtyard are giving uncle 21 a lot of face although director Chen kept everyone quiet just now Li Dawei knew that there might be some unexpected trouble after director Chen left but after Li Fuching came over and explained his relationship with everyone the attitude of the people in the courtyard became noticeably more friendly thank you all for your help once things settled down in a few days I'll have Dawei set up two tables and invite all of you to dinner the crowd became even more enthusiastic since the house already has an owner it would be great to get a free meal Director Chen was both amused and exasperated but he had to praise Lee for his good interpersonal skills is the interview complete director Chen asked okay just a few simple questions it won't take long fushin are you going to publish this in the newspaper again an old man in the courtyard asked his eyes wide the others in the courtyard were also shocked Omg it's only been a few days and it's been reported again Chen took the opportunity to promote Li fushing fushing has invented another immersion heater the steel mill's recent expansion is to produce immersion heaters if anyone from your institute can get into the steel rolling mill that's all thanks to Fuchsing the residents in the courtyard erupted in uproar now the neighbor's yard is going to be renovated again they felt a pang of heartache when they thought of their own children they all have one brain so how could there be such a big difference Dawei hurry up and get ready I'll take you out for dinner later Li Fuqing said Li Dawei nodded okay he thought he was going to eat at the factory canteen he didn't know that Li Fuqing hadn't eaten at the factory many times and disliked the communal meals Li Dawei only has one room but it's nearly 30 square meters not small at all Li Dawei is thinking that when his salary increases in the future he will bring his mother and younger siblings to live with him the most important thing now is to work hard Aunt Chen would you like to come sit with me Li Fushing asked Aunt Chen the people in the courtyard were stunned when they heard this fine I can't afford to mess with them sure I'm thirsty anyway let me come to your house for a drink of water Director Chen nodded in agreement and went to their yard with Li Fushing after the two left all rushed forward to help Li Dawei trying to build a good relationship with him with Li Fuqing's help this young man's future prospects were probably not bad so it wouldn't hurt to establish a good relationship in advance as soon as Li Fuxing and Director Chen stepped out of the courtyard they ran into a clerk from the street office they quickly greeted him Director Chen nodded how is Grandma Zhu in courtyard No. 60 there lives an elderly woman whose entire family were martyrs every month the neighborhood committee visits her regularly to help with any difficulties she faces in her life my legs aren't very mobile but otherwise I'm fine it's just what is it Director Chin pressed she raised the children of two martyrs the meat and eggs that our neighborhood sent to her were almost all given to the children Director Chen remained silent for a long time because the old lady's descendants all sacrificed their lives on the battlefield the neighborhood committee made an exception and allowed her to adopt the two children of martyrs did the two children want to eat it themselves or did the old lady let them eat it it is very important to understand this if the two children fight with the old lady for food it means the children are not behaving properly in that case the neighborhood committee will take the two children away and arrange for the old lady to have two other children so that she will have something to look forward to however if it's Grandma Zhu who doesn't eat it herself but gives it to her two children then that's a different story I inquired and found out that it was Grandma Zhu who deliberately ate less Director Chin in this situation the best thing the neighborhood committee could do is give the elderly more food but the neighborhood committee is also struggling where would they find any surplus food they'd rather break every single grain of rice up and distribute it there were just too many people fleeing famine and heading to the city it's not just their street that's having a hard time other streets are in the same boat send some more corn meal to the old lady to ensure her livelihood as much as possible Director Chin instructed the clerk hesitated speak your mind Director Grandma Zhu said she doesn't want to cause any trouble for our neighborhood so she'll just eat less the atmosphere became somewhat somber Li Fuxing couldn't help but sigh he was reminded of a deaf old woman in a TV series who claimed to have given straw sandals to soldiers and then acted like an old matriarch in the compound as for old Mrs Zhu almost her entire family were martyrs not only did she adopt two children to reduce the burden on the neighborhood she also did not want to cause trouble for the country when food was scarce the difference in quality is immediately obvious however you can't compare them like that the deaf old lady was at most a recipient of the 5 guarantees a government provided social welfare program for the elderly but Mrs Zhu was a true family member of a martyr and a key person cared for by the neighborhood committee Aunt Shun is life on the streets really this difficult these days Lee Fushing asked Chapter 73 Uncle will take you to the city for a treat Director Chin sighed in this country which place isn't facing difficulties she didn't continue talking to Lee Fushing but told the clerk to go back first the neighborhood committee needed to hold a meeting to discuss how to resolve the situation at Grandma Zhu's house almost the entire Zhu family sacrificed their lives for the country no matter how difficult the country is it must ensure the well being of the elderly when Lee Fushing and Director Chen returned to the courtyard the women who were chatting enthusiastically immediately stopped and greeted them after entering Lee Fushing's house Director Chen looked around and said the decoration is very good not ostentatious but very comfortable she didn't use high end materials if her home had been decorated in a lavish style Director Chen would have said something claiming it was for Li Fuching's good this current trend left her somewhat confused Entchun I have some eggs and sweet potatoes here which I just bought yesterday why don't you give them to the neighborhood committee first just pay the price I paid Li Fushin said what about the factory's task although Director Shun was very tempted she held back when she thought that this was a procurement task assigned to Li Fushing by the factory Aunt Shun I have already met my procurement target for this month a few wild animals were sent over from my village earlier and I exceeded my target at that time upon hearing this director Chen smiled alright then our neighborhood committee won't stand on ceremony of course she wouldn't let leifuqing work for nothing and she wouldn't actually buy it at the purchase price Li Fuqing brought out a large basket of eggs which looked to be at least six or 700 Fuqing wait a moment I'll send someone over after saying that he hurried off into the street there are enough eggs to go around to the elderly and infirm in the neighborhood people like Grandma Zhu who are the family of a martyr and have two other descendants of martyrs should get even more Director Chen returned quickly with two clerks along with money and purchase invoices take the eggs and sweet potatoes back be careful not to break the eggs Director Chen instructed the two clerks immediately got to work and the one carrying the eggs was even more cautious only daring to take small quick steps if they broke them the director wouldn't even need to scold them they'd be slapping themselves in the face Director Chun handed the money and receipts to Li Fushing take this fushing you've really helped Aunt Shin a lot this time Aunt Shun don't be so polite by the way a friend gave me some oranges a few days ago Aunt Shin you should take some back and try them Li Fushing took out a bag of oranges which weighed more than a pound no need keep it for yourself Director Chen waved his hand without hesitation she knew very well that this was a southern fruit rarely seen in the north a friend gave it to me I still have some Aunt Shun please keep it seeing that Li Fuqing actually had some director Chen finally agreed to accept it then come to Aunt Chin's house for dinner tomorrow you can't refuse Aunt Shin is the day after tomorrow okay I've already told my grandparents that I want to go back tomorrow okay Director Chin agreed with a smile she really liked Li Fuxing a filial young man as long as he agreed to come to her house for dinner waiting a day or two was no problem this also gives her more time to prepare it's Li Fuxing's first time visiting her home so she'd feel embarrassed if she didn't prepare a couple of impressive dishes after seeing director Chen off Li Fuxing saw that it was almost time so he called Gu Chung Kai and luching U N and then called Li Dawei let's all go to a restaurant to eat uncle 21 are we going to a restaurant to eat Li Dawei asked he was a little excited but also a little nervous Li Dawei had never eaten at a restaurant before and didn't know what the food tasted like he was also worried that restaurants would be expensive and causally fooshing to spend money before coming to the city his mother had instructed him not to let uncle 21 spend any money and to try not to cause him any trouble I'll take you out for something nice to eat when you make a lot of money in the future you can treat me to another meal Luchin Yun chuckled and said what are you afraid of your uncle 21 isn't short of a little money just eat in peace he had been to Ligi Oswayng and knew that Li Fuxing was a senior figure in the village which he greatly admired the four walked there discussing which restaurant to eat at along the way Luching Yuwen in particular didn't even consider saving Li Fuxing money it would be great if I could have a meal at Lao Mo's place once Luching Yuwen wished the so called Old Mo is the Moscow Western restaurant which has been a place that many people in Beijing dream of having a meal it since it opened it's said that the interior decoration is in the Russian style and the kitchen equipment is almost entirely electric and very advanced there are two large electric stoves six or seven large refrigerators and various utensils for baking pastries and making coffee the tableware used in this restaurant except for the ceramics which are from Jingdezhen China was all imported from Russia it is said that there are tens of thousands of crystal glasses and glassware alone Li Fuqing however was not very interested in Lao Mao next time he said as a person from later generations what style of restaurant hasn't he seen afterwards Li Fuching took them to a time honored restaurant Li Fuching ordered several dishes in one go let alone Li Daiwei even Guo Shangkai and Luching Yun have rarely eaten such a grand meal they finished all the dishes practically licking the soup clean life is so comfortable Liu Qingyuan patted his belly contentedly feeling that this was the first time in his life he had truly done right by his stomach now he and Gu Cheng are working with Li Fuxing's very capable friend and they're making quite a bit of money they should be able to afford to eat at a restaurant like this every month without any problem Director Chen brought the oranges home which drew praise from his family fushing is really amazing we rarely see oranges in the north it's not just rare to see it I've only eaten it once in my entire life I've invited fushing to come to my house for dinner the day after tomorrow then we'd better prepare properly Director Chen's daughter in law had never met Li Fushing she was very grateful to him the milk powder her child was drinking now as well as the milk he drank before were all provided by Li Fushing I'll go early to queue up and buy a roast duck there's also an old hen at home that we're preparing to nourish our daughter in law during her post partum period we need to buy some meat the family discussed the ingredients they attached great importance to the fact that Li Fuqing was coming to have dinner Ledaway obediently returned to the steel rolling mill unlikely Fuchsin who would never return to the mill unless it was time to hand in his tasks Li Fushin on the other hand didn't sleep well last night so he went home to catch up on his sleep in a daze he heard someone knocking on his door Fushin Fushin people from Li Jiaozheng are looking for you Li Fushin yawned and upon hearing Guo Chingzi's voice he got up and opened the door have people from Li Jiaozheng arrived yes it's right outside the courtyard it hasn't come in Gu Chung said Li Fushing was puzzled why were the people from Ligi Oswayng coming to see him at this time and who were they he went outside the courtyard and saw Li Dali and several other young men from the village Dali looking for a job again Ledali's desire to move to the city was no secret in Ljubi Oswayng for a long time Chapter 74 sold to the neighborhood committee received a dozen or so you on uncle 21 a few of us hunted some wild game Leadali pointed to two sacs placed beside him one of which was still stained with blood well if this happened in later generations people would probably think it was a murder case the other sac was still moving it appeared to contain living creatures what did you hit Li Fuching knew that Dali must have been spurred on by Li Daiwei's entry into the factory and his idea of going to the city had resurfaced that's why he and his group went up the mountain to hunt hoping to earn money to buy jobs there was a wild boar and several wild rabbits Li Fushin opened the sack and saw that the dead wild boar wasn't very big probably weighing no more than 100 pounds it was a small yellow haired wild boar for wild rabbits were still struggling but what's wrong with you kid noticed that Lie Dali's leg seemed to be injured what happened to your leg did a wild boar hurt it lie fushing asked lie Dali gave an awkward smile scratched his head and remained silent the others couldn't help but laugh and said uncle 21 this kid tripped and fell while running it has nothing to do with the wild boar ledali his face flushed with anger retorted when we first started fighting wasn't this little yellow haired wild boar heading straight for me don't try to deny it this little yellow haired wild boar never even glanced at you the whole time yeah the wild boar was all smiles when it saw you fall Lee Fushing was speechless for a moment with your skills how dare you go hunting in the mountains Lee Fushing picked up a wild rabbit and said Dolly come into the courtyard with me the rest of you wait here he just saw an old man in the yard lidali was completely confused but he still obediently followed behind lufushin grandpa busy at work fouching what's up an old man was preparing Chinese medicine when he looked up at Li Fouqing who was carrying a wild rabbit my nephew hurt his leg could you please take a look he handed the rabbit to an older woman standing nearby Auntie consider this rabbit as payment I've already taken a look at your old man's things the old woman said with a smile Leadali then realized that his uncle 21 had asked someone to treat his leg the old man glanced at him a few times and immediately understood he had Leadali sit on a stool pressed down on his knees gently twisted them a few times and then kneaded them for a while get up and walk around the old man said Leadali felt that his leg no longer hurt he immediately got up and took a few steps exclaiming happily I m all better this old man is really skilled even Leadali fushing was somewhat amazed if this were a hospital in later times they wouldn't care about this or that they'd just order an X ray package first and might even make you do a blood test it's outrageous even a small misalignment could land you in the hospital after a series of treatments you can forget about being discharged without spending several thousand yuan even a common cold can cost you several hundred Grandpa you're amazing Li Fushing said to the old man with a smile an old man waved his hand and said it's not a serious illness it doesn't matter who comes it's no big deal as long as you say it like a human being that's fine seeing that Li Fushing was about to leave with his men an old man quickly said take some of the medicinal wine I made with you apply it to your face for the next couple of days they did give us a wild rabbit after all after taking about half a bottle of medicinal wine liefushin left with lie Dali and the others Fuching had considered how to deal with the wild boar and the three rabbits it could be taken to the steel rolling mill for Li Daping to complete his procurement task but the wild boar wasn't very big and was insignificant to the steel rolling mill Lee Fushing then thought of the streets and Uncle Su's Research Institute after thinking it over I decided to stay nearby and not bother with any more hassle he LED his men directly to the neighborhood office Director Chen was very pleased to see that Lee Fushing had brought meat Dolly if you catch any more wild game later just send it to the street office just contact my aunt Shun Li Fushing simply connected Li Dali with the street office directly he didn't care about these things the steel Mills procurement quotas were just a piece of cake for him Director Chen understood of course that Li Fushing was helping her yes just send it here you won't be cheated on the price just like this time the wild boar will be charged at 12 U on but this is based on net weight seeing that ledali was still standing there in a days Li Fushin had no choice but to remind him the neighborhood will also assign jobs aren't you all going to go to the city to find work the young men realized what was happening okay from now on we'll send our prey here thanks to uncle 21 for reminding them ledali and the others breathed a sigh of relief Director Chen smiled but didn't say anything the subdivision office does assign jobs most of them are assigned to residents of their own subdivision outsiders have to rely on their performance to get a job if Le Dali and his group can get more meat assigning them a job would certainly be a good idea Le Dali and his group sold a total of over 70 yuan but each person only received a dozen yuan they are still a long way from their goal Li Fushin comforted them saying you have to think that you can earn these tenad yuan in a day this is far better than toiling away in the village for a few work points but the risks are also much higher however the greater the risk the greater the reward that's always true Leadali and the others realized that this made sense they were unaware that even Lee Daping who had started working at the steel rolling mill was only making a dozen yuan a month go back quickly or the village will find out yes let's go back quickly if my dad finds out the hunting rifle is missing that would be terrible Li Dali and his group left quickly clearly in a great hurry the next day Li Fushin returned to lijiazuiang with several bottles of canned pears and a prepared duck Li Fushin had just arrived home when Li Daiwei also returned to the village he gritted his teeth spent money to take a bus to Shihua Commune and then walked back to the village wearing his work clothes he even straightened his back a bit more unconsciously on the way back to the village he received a lot of envy from the villagers the young girls in the village also looked at Li Dawei with new respect as everyone knows Li Dawei joined the steel rolling mill and is now a proud worker Dawei what do you do with the steel rolling mill a villager asked Li Dawei smiled and said just like uncle 21 you're amazing uncle 21 has helped you so much Dawei also paid money someone scoffed at this dismissing it as utterly unimpressive 300 yuan and you think you can get a job and purchasing at a steel rolling mill you'd need uncle 21's help to get in don't be ridiculous Daway how much is your salary someone else asked I just started working and I'm paid 176 yuan as an apprentice once I become a full time employee it'll be 24 yuan Lee Daway said honestly as it's no secret everyone who heard this was filled with envy they knew that Lee Daway's family had contributed 300 yuan which based on their regular salary could be earned back in just over a year very cost effective oh yes I just came back from Shura commune I heard they're showing a movie there tonight ledaoui said showing a movie the topic of conversation shifted instantly working in a steel rolling mill is ultimately too far removed from their lives but watching a movie is something that's easy to find if you're willing to walk Chapter 75 uncle 21 is so kind he always makes sure we get a share of whatever we eat watching movies is one of the few forms of entertainment available to ordinary people in this era what time will it be released tonight I heard it's at 7 30 but I'm not entirely sure Ledawe said then Ledawe walked quickly home when his mother saw him return she was shocked and thought that his job had fallen through why did you go home Li Dawei said mom I went to Shihua commune to buy supplies today and came back on the way he then recounted how he started his job and how he had already been allocated a house by the neighborhood committee mother you didn't see it my 21st uncle is very capable he has connections in the factory the neighborhood and even the courtyard house that's why I was able to get things done so quickly uncle 21 also told me to set up two tables in a few days and invite the people in the courtyard to a meal going on and on your 21st uncle must be very capable why would he let you get a job at the steel mill listen to him more often in the future you won't suffer any losses Dawei's mother thought to herself thank goodness for Fooshing she continued your 21st uncle made the right arrangement that house must have been targeted by someone if you take it the others will definitely be unhappy it's necessary to invite the neighbors to a meal and mediate the conflict after all we'll be living there long term and we'll all be in the same compound so it's better to maintain good relationships mom will go borrow some money for you later since we're treating people to dinner my son definitely doesn't have enough money right now no need mother uncle 21 said he'll take care of it he told me to familiarize myself with the job first Du Ping's mother glared at him why are you bothering your 21st uncle again Li Dawei said helplessly I dare not disobey uncle 21 our family owes him so much we can only pay him back slowly later that's exactly what he thought Dawei's mother pondered for a moment and then nodded Li Dawei didn't stay at home for long he mainly came back to tell his mother about the situation he also needed to go back to the factory canteen for lunch so he could save as much money as possible upon arriving home discovered that the roof of the new house was already dry and the next step was to install the flooring and paint the walls he only planned to paint the inside of the house painting the outside as well would be too conspicuous Brother Jichuan don't work on the bathroom floor yet we'll dig a big pit outside later Li Fushin said he plans to build a septic tank you can be bolder in the village Ligi Oswayng is relatively safe now although we can't guarantee how secure it is no villagers will report them he planned to separate the bathroom installing a squat toilet on one side and then getting a squat toilet when he had time he forgot about the western style toilet even though he was from the future he wouldn't be used to it and sitting down made it difficult to defecate dig a hole Liechtenstein asked somewhat puzzled what's the point of digging a pit to use it as a cellar as a professional this was the only use he could think of Li Fuching said yes to put it simply it's a septic tank used to hold excrement then he briefly explained the principles to Liechtenstein Liechten couldn't help but sigh thinking that his 21st brother who grew up in the city was truly knowledgeable and worldly wise he rarely went to the city thinking that's how it was there but nowadays very few cities have septic tanks most still have dry toilets and people clean them regularly looks like we'll need pipes but I don't know where to get them Li Jichuan said shrugging I'll bring these back Jichuan you just need to take care of the rest okay by the way are the doors and furniture finished wait a minute I'll go ask Li Fushing's grandfather hired a carpenter in the village to make the doors and furniture but the current situation is unclear Li Fushing then took out two bottles of canned pears brother Jichuan have some Ken food with everyone Lee Jichuan quickly refused no need please take it back this is Ken pairs it's a real treasure one jar must be quite expensive right they've hardly ever seen anything like it in Ligi Oswayng this kind of thing would be a valuable gift when visiting someone in the city how could they possibly part with it in the countryside they were given to me by friends please don't be shy just eat them Li Fushin put down the canned pears and turned to go back into the house the others glanced at the canned pears then looked at Liechtenstein do you want to eat let's wait until we get back to divide it up Liechtenstein suggested this suggestion was unanimously agreed upon they should all take some back so their families can try it too uncle 21 is really generous he gave me 2 cans of pears right away don't talk nonsense uncle 21 has always been generous whatever he eats we all get a share big brother what's this Wang Yue and Wang Hua huddled together next to Li Fushing looking at the canned pears in their less than 10 years of life this was the first time they had ever seen such a thing it looks delicious Li Fushing opened a bottle go get some chopsticks wangya quickly went to get chopsticks second brother you eat first I'll eat the rest Wang Hua wanted the bottle so she staged a scene of Kong Rome giving away pears but wangya thought so too the brother and sister kept pushing the food back and forth neither wanting to eat first how could Li Fuqing not see it he reluctantly took the can and said wongya get a bowl and remember to wash it Li Fuching was particular even though the dishes were washed he still rinsed them before using them following his habit from his previous life this might not be a problem in the north but in the south the dishes and chopsticks might have been crawled on by cockroaches or other insects so washing them was best Li Fuching then opened another can of food when Wan Ye returned with the bowl Li Fuching poured half of each of the two cans into the bowl and then gave the bottles to Wan Ye and his sister now that's settled stop pulling each other Wangya and Wang Hua were very happy holding their half full bottles they twisted the caps tightly with their little hands reluctant to eat them Wangya wanted to take them out to show off to his playmates while Wang Hua planned to hide them if Li Fushing knew that Wang Hua was going to hide he would definitely stop her once you open this you have to eat it quickly it can last a long time if it's unopened but it spoils very quickly once opened Fushing ate the food in the bowl with his grandparents fushing eat quickly grandma before his grandmother could finish speaking grandma there's plenty in the bowl you and grandpa can eat too he didn't want his grandparents to eat too much canned food although there weren't as many additives in canned food it was still better for the elderly to eat less just eat one or two pieces to try grandma will have a piece grandma said with a smile whether she eats it or not is secondary the main thing is that her grandson is so filial and she is very pleased with that this one's good eat this one Li Fuching pointed to a piece of pear in the bowl that piece is the best in the bowl how could old Mrs Li not tell compared to his grandson his son is practically an ingrate his only redeeming quality is that he gave them a well behaved grandson eat this piece Grandpa grandpali chuckled and said all right Grandpa will have a piece too Old Master Lee was quite old and he had eaten this before wongye and Wang Waxing went out happily with the bottle in their hands but soon returned crying why are you crying as soon as Mrs Li saw it she knew that the canned pears had been taken away it's all too common for parents to take things away from their children if it's just a piece of candy or two that's one thing but if you bring home half a jar of pears do you think they won't take it away Chapter 76 what kind of child eats two pieces of candy a day where can you find a child eating half a can of food even in the city this is too extravagant let alone in the countryside Wang Hua tearfully complained to Li Fuxing about her mother saying that she hadn't eaten a single bite before her food was confiscated indeed when young may saw the brother and sister carrying a half empty bottle of pear preserves back home she knew it was from Li Fushin only Li Fushin would treat her three children so well seeing that there was still so much food left they confiscated it and poured it into a bottle didn't get a single bite Li Fushin couldn't help but chuckle I told you to keep passing the buck now you know how treacherous society can be right Grand Molly seemed to have foreseen this situation and deliberately left two pieces saying you two each have one piece and eat what's in your bowls Wang Yue and Wang Hua ate very quickly this time afraid that the bayberries would reappear around them Wang Yue go start the fire after you finish eating Li Fuqing instructed we're going to stew duck today Wangya knew his older brother was going to cook something delicious again so he ate a pear while running to the kitchen and skillfully lit the fire Li Fushing then went into the kitchen grandma originally wanted to come over too but Li Fushing kept her in the main room to listen to the radio a duck weighing over 7 pounds can be stewed in a large pot Li Fushing first chopped the duck into small pieces and washed it clean since the ingredients were fresh there was no need to blanch them he simply put them into a basin for later use next pour oil into the pot add spices and stir fry then add the duck pieces and stir fry together until the surface turns golden brown then pour in soy sauce and other seasonings and finally pour in water to cover the duck pieces and cover the pot Li Fuqing took out the yams he had just bought washed them and then carefully peeled them after peeling it was washed carefully again before being placed in a basin for later use don't rush to add the yam wait until the duck is almost done stewing then add the yam and stew for a short while longer and it's ready to serve brother this duck looks delicious wongya couldn't help but sniff when he saw Li Fushing remove the pot lid and add something to it you'll have to go to school next year too right wongya nodded yes my mother said I can eat at the school next year but he didn't want to go there was no meat at school and it was better to eat with his older brother Wangya knew what his brother ate at school it's nothing compared to him eating with his older brother so he told his mother he didn't want to go to school and was severely beaten before he finally behaved Li Fuching helplessly rubbed his forehead is going to school for the sake of eating not for the sake of learning alright focus on making a fire it doesn't need to be too big Li Fuching instructed he also wanted to go out and ask how the furniture and doors were coming along he's also planning to get some glass to make windows not just at home he plans to install windows at the school as well Li Fushing took two bottles of canned pears and headed to the village carpenter's house this carpenter who is over 50 years old is of the same generation as Li Fushing brother 21 is here the carpenter's wife was very happy Li Fuching handed over two cans of pears let the children have a taste he simply couldn't bring himself to call her since she was old enough to be a grandmother thank you 21st brother she couldn't bear to eat this she had to save it for her youngest son's marriage proposal that would be so prestigious she had five sons in total and her youngest son was a few years older than Li Fuching and was still unmarried the key issue is that the family was poor paying for the weddings of their first few sons had emptied their savings if it weren't for her husband's decent cooking skills she wouldn't know how she would have raised these five sons and helped them get married there are many people in the family now and it's quite noisy there are about 10 grandchildren and just the problem of feeding them is a major headache for the whole family thanks to the help of the 21st brother in reopening the school and providing meals for the children the family's financial burden was greatly reduced their family sent as many as seven children to school therefore his family was very grateful to Li Fuching this time when they made furniture and doors and windows for Li Fuching they didn't plan to ask for money Li Fuxing walked into the house and saw an old man with gray hair busy at work this was his old carpenter Brother Li Zhichuan Brother 21 is here he's here please have a seat and let me finish this work Li Zhichuan greeted him okay Brother Zhichuan you go ahead and do your work no rush there were five children in the family one of whom couldn't walk yet the other four were naked crowding around Lee Fooshing and calling out Grandpa 21 they all lined up to receive food from Li Fuching Fuching pulled out a handful of candy from his pocket and gave each of them two pieces not forgetting the little guy who couldn't walk yet the rest were all given to Li Zhichuan's wife knew very well that this old woman had more than just these five grandsons if it weren't for Lee Fushing's presence she would have taken away a piece of candy from the children how many children eat two pieces of candy a day it's too extravagant Li Fuching watched Li Jichuan make things but he rarely used nails he mostly used mortise and tenon joints this is a traditional craft that has been passed down in my country it was later stolen by a certain thieving country and successfully inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List Li Fuxing thought those World Heritage application agencies were idiots how could they succeed without even conducting a proper investigation unfortunately the Korean War a few years ago didn't directly wipe out that annoying country Li Jichuan assembled a stool and blew the sawdust off his hands 21st brother are you going to install a gate he saw through Li Fuching's purpose Li Fuching said yes it'll be soon that's why I came to check on the situation it's already done I just applied the oil yesterday and it's hanging outside to dry Li Ji tsuan said with this bright sunshine now it's probably already dried out if you want to use it just bring it home and install it he continued but that door is a bit heavy you definitely can't carry it back have Jichuan bring some people to move it if his 21st brother were to carry the door home his great uncle would definitely come cursing him even if his father were alive people would still curse him let alone him okay I'll go tell brother Sichuan brother Zhi Chuan do you have enough wood I'm thinking of making two wardrobes Fushin was thinking of making one for his grandparents as well since their clothes were currently stored in a box he even used his grandfather's box to sprout beans he always remembered that it's not quite enough go check with Jimmy he'll definitely have some more as a carpenter Li Ji Chuan knew his cousins would inventory quite well then he asked what are the requirements for the wardrobe Li Fuxing then stated his requirements for the wardrobe Li Ziquan had never made a wardrobe with sliding doors before it would be quite challenging with wheels Li Ziquan asked no need I'll bring the parts later Li Fuching said this line of work isn't too difficult Li Fuching didn't need to draw any blueprints he just heard the approximate dimensions and understood them perfectly thank you for your help brother Chi Chuan Li Chi chuan laughed and said don't mention it my family should thank you he was very willing to make things for Li fushing Li fushing got up and left heading towards the Kai's house which wasn't far away Li Dakai his wife his father and his brother were not at home only Ledochai's maternal grandparents were there Chapter 77 they even chewed up and ate the duck bones he must have gone to work and hasn't come back yet uncle and aunt could you please tell brother Jiming for me to pick out two good pieces of Redwood and send them to the carpenter Li Fushing said to the two elderly people Li Dakai's maternal grandparents both knew Li Fushing they lived in Lijiazui so they couldn't possibly not recognize Li Fushing moreover this young man had also helped his son in law's family okay they've gone home so I'll tell him come in and sit down for a bit I won't go in thank you for your help after Li Fuqing left Li Dakai's maternal grandfather said this young man is so capable we should let Dakai and his brother get to know their 21st uncle more often even if you're not very close the more you spend time together the closer you become such a powerful relative wouldn't it be crazy not to get to know them better did they know that Li Fushin had arranged for one of his nephews from the village to work at the steel rolling mill they were all related by blood and De Kai was also Li Fushin's nephew there is also a chance Le Dakai's younger brother Le Dakai is in poor health so it would be best for him to work in the city yes especially for Dakai the main problem is that he needs too much money to buy a honey how much do we have left the Kai's grandmother asked they had accumulated some savings over the years which they brought with them when they moved here there are still over 70 yuan left when Jimmy comes home we'll have a good talk with him and try to buy Dawan a job we can't let him stay in the village farming grandpa Dokai said Lee Dawan is physically weak and not suited for farming at all it would be better for him to go to school and become a cadre in the future they all knew that Lee Daw won often studied by himself on a regular basis as soon as Lee Fushing stepped outside the courtyard he smelled the aroma of stewed duck as I entered the house I heard my third aunt talking to my grandmother saying that Shih Ha commune was going to show a movie tonight and asking if she wanted to go see it although Mrs Lee is old she still enjoys lively places like this she always makes sure to go to the movies even if it's a bit far away she'll just follow the villagers we have to go do you know what movie they're showing asked Mrs Lee I don't know but Dawei said he wanted to show a movie and I also heard that he was going to Shuhai Commune to make purchases Auntie Sand told Grandma Lee what she had heard Lee Fushing was somewhat surprised that his grandmother actually liked watching movies he has little interest in modern movies having grown accustomed to films from later generations he probably wouldn't be able to watch movies from this era I also heard that the projectionist has to explain things while showing the film however projectionists have a very high status as can be seen from the character sue de Mau in a certain drama who lives a very comfortable life knowing that his grandmother wanted to go to the movies Li Fuching planned to have dinner early and then ride his bicycle to take her to shihacomey let's also take a look at what movies were like back then Li Fuching went into the kitchen mixed some flour and then made small pancakes sticking them to the side of the pot stewed duck with yam plus white flour pancakes in addition a pot of millet rice was prepared for Liechtenstein and the others who were building the house it's time to eat Li Fuching said to Wong Yah who was tilling the fire seeing that his face was covered in sweat Li Fuching said again let's wash our faces together you hear me I heard you brother Wangya nodded and ran out how could he not be enthusiastic about eating besides he's so big and still growing he gets hungry quickly Li Fushin scooped out the white flour pancakes then put the yam and duck stew into a basin and deliberately left some in the pot the quantity isn't very large following the previous method Liechtenstein and the others served a bowl of rice poured some soup on it and added a few pieces of yam and duck meat even so Liechtenstein and the others were very satisfied with their meal and wished they could live like this forever they weren't unfamiliar with meat but it couldn't compare to what Li Fuching made they thought even restaurant quality meat wouldn't be this good would it uncle 21 is not good at purchasing but he's also a very capable chef yes it tastes better than what you get in restaurants you're talking like you've eaten at a restaurant before Wang Yue and Wang Hua buried themselves in their food too engrossed in eating to say a word Uncle Ledajuan did the same he chewed up and swallowed some of the bones the duck bones were quite hard even the dog seemed reluctant to eat them he still drinks a little bit of loose liquor Old Master Lee's stockpile of liquor has been almost entirely consumed by him with the fine wine Lee Fushing brought back Old Master Lee no longer cared for those cheap bulk wines although she used to be his sweetheart now she's just a pushover kept putting duck meat on his grandparents plates urging them to eat more Won Kai was eating in the school cafeteria and no one would call him once you're in school you have to follow the rules there are no exceptions however they did leave some for Won Kai so he could have a good meal when he got home from school my aunt Young Mei only eats a few bites of good food it's fine for the children to eat more but the adults have to be sensible seeing that his attempts to persuade her were futile Li Fuqing had no choice but to let her be after eating only a few bites Fe Fei started to fuss so Young Mei quickly put down her chopsticks and went to change the little girl's diaper Pendodo did have diapers but Li Fushin didn't dare take them out so he decided to leave it as it was although it was a bit of a hassle for his third aunt she seemed to have gotten used to being busy after we finished eating there was still quite a bit left Li Fushin doesn't have a big appetite and can't eat too much wangya and Wang Hua are both children so even if they eat a lot they can't eat much Grandpa Grandma Li Daijuan and yongmei intentionally eat less otherwise how could we not finish this duck weighing more than 7 pounds the rest will be eaten at dinner for Grandpa Lee and his family this was already a paradise on earth they didn't even dare to dream of eating meat every meal after tidying up the table it wasn't long before the village's elderly men and women came to listen to the radio entertainment was scarce in those days especially in the countryside now that they have this big radio these elderly people have some entertainment in their otherwise monotonous lives because they were afraid of disturbing their grandson's afternoon nap Grandpa Lee and Grandma Lee turned the radio down and took it to the yard to listen to it and of course no one else had any objections when Li fushing woke up it was already past 2 00 p m he took a walk around the village and then went to the school to sit in on a class for a while students these days dare not let their minds wander or the teacher will actually spank them complaining to your parents won't help they might just beat you even more fushing if possible could you please help us get some old textbooks Principal Lee Ji guan said the number of children attending school far exceeded his expectations and there simply weren't enough textbooks currently two children are basically sharing one textbook he went to the school in Shihua Commune yesterday to inquire but they didn't have any extra either left with no other choice he had to ask Li Fushing for help Li Fushing agreed no problem what version do you need and which grade level he'll go to the courtyard house and ask around he'll probably be able to collect quite a bit but he wasn't sure if the versions were the same the textbooks of this era were different from those of later generations and there were significant differences between regions even different schools in the same area might use different textbooks he went to collect old textbooks which might be outdated versions so I need to find out for sure Li Jiguang handed over his textbook this is the version Chapter 78 half a pack of decriminal cigarettes a handful of peanuts risking his life to watch the car Li Fuching casually flipped through a few pages the textbooks of this era are truly excellent especially the illustrations which are very well drawn and perfectly aligned with the aesthetic sensibilities of our people it's not surprising this era is very sensitive no one dares to be so presumptuous as to tamper with textbooks if they are discovered the consequences are quite serious they'll be in for a beating not just a simple self punishment for example the appearance of the Japanese flag in textbooks might not seem like a big deal in later generations but it's unacceptable now Li Fuching put down his book and asked should I just collect some from each grade is there anything else I need he also plans to bring back an electric kettle and a water heater for the school the school's electricity has been restored and although there are frequent power outages it will still be usable moreover the school only has one water bottle which belongs to Lee Jiguang's family I don't need anything for now thank you for your help fushing after thanking him Li Jiguang hurried to the classroom to continue his lesson even the most disobedient children behaved themselves at school not one dared to show their teeth the teacher will punish every troublemaker equally clang clang get out of class is over at the door of the teacher's office Li Ji Gong's daughter rang the simple school bell made of an iron plate Uncle 21 have some water Li Ji Gong's daughter Shao Xiong poorly foisting a cup of hot water she was very grateful to Li Fuxing the people who had come to propose marriage before came again yesterday knowing that Xiao Xiong had become a teacher they became even more enthusiastic and increased the bride price but her family still politely declined thank you Li Fushing picked up the glass and drank it so no one would say he was disgusted uncle 21 I need your help with something Li Fushing nearly choked you charge for this water go ahead and say it could you bring some used clothes to school some of the children don't even have clothes to change into Shao Xiang said with the old clothes she could help patch them up and they could make do with what they had there was a little child who only had one piece of clothing which he accidentally tore today and has been crying ever since firstly he only had that one piece of clothing and secondly he was afraid of getting a beating from his family after school she was the one who managed to sew the clothes back on okay I might not go back to the village tomorrow how about the day after tomorrow Li Fuching would never refuse something like this then he saw Li Jiguang taking advantage of the break time to cut the hair of several boys whose hair was too long Li Fushin couldn't help but sigh that being a teacher in the countryside is really not an easy job I have to sew clothes for the students and cut their hair leifuqing prepared dinner for his grandparents and then rode his bicycle with his grandmother to shihajakumae with an elderly person on the backseat leifuqing rode slower to make sure his grandmother was seated securely they even put several pieces of cloth on the backseat Grand Mali was so happy don't you dare move Li Fushin scolded yes Wang Yue was sitting on the crossbar of his bicycle he also wanted to go to the movies so he had to sit in front like this actually Wang Yan not only wanted to watch a movie but also wanted to ride a bicycle after leaving Lijiazuiang the road became slightly easier and leave Fushin Road a bit faster it took him about 20 minutes to reach shihahu Commune the square in shihahu commune was now packed with people not only people from the commune but also people from several nearby villages are coming one after another who could imagine this spectacular scene was just for watching a movie in this era movies have a very strong appeal to ordinary people grandma you and wongya wait here I'll go get Grandpa Li Fushin said then LED his grandmother to a place okay drive carefully grandma instructed Li Fuxing then ordered Wang Yan not to run around and threatened him that human traffickers would abduct children it's not just a scare tactic human traffickers are still rampant but these days if human traffickers are caught they don't have a good ending they can be beaten to death and no one will be held responsible on his way back to Lijiazuiang Li Fuxing encountered villagers who were coming to Shihua Commune they all greeted Li Fuxing warmly did the whole village come out after we got back Grandpa sat outside in the yard waiting while Wang Hua played beside him Won Kai had already walked to the movies with his parents and Yong May even carried Fe Fe along Li Fuxing thought this was crazy he thought that when he had some free time he might as well invite a projectionist to come to LGJ Osweng to show a few movies that his grandparents wouldn't have to travel so far to watch them Li Fuqing followed the same method letting Wang Hua sit on the front cross bar and his grandfather on the back seat then he rode the bicycle slowly onto the country road Wang Hua sat on the cross bar playing with the bicycle bell not caring whether there were people in front of her and would press it every now and then finding it very amusing Li Fuching rode his bicycle back and forth twice and was even faster than the others Wonkai saw his older brother leading his younger siblings and was very envious but he didn't say anything and just followed along grandma reserved a spot on the west side Grandpa you take Wang Hua there Li Fuqing said to his grandfather after they arrived he still needed to find a place to park his bicycle okay park your car and come over quickly Grandpa Li took Wang Hua's little hand and walked towards the west comrade could you please keep an eye on the bicycle spot for me Li Fushin said pulling out a bottle of dachimin cigarettes the young man initially wanted to curse but his eyes instantly cleared when he saw dachimin okay brother don't worry I promise I'll keep a close eye on the car for you the young man patted his chest making a solemn promise it's Decuman he usually can't get one now they give him almost a whole bag at a time and they just help watch his bicycle with Decuman cigarettes he doesn't need to go to the movies anymore Li Fushin then pulled out a handful of peanuts eat them to relieve boredom thank you brother the young man's eyes were so determined it was as if he wanted to join the party even if the king of heaven himself came he wouldn't be allowed to touch this bicycle tonight Lee Fushing smiled and walked westward no sooner had he left than a few young men of similar age walked over what are you doing here you can't see anything from this far away you all go ahead and look I'll just sit here he took out a few peanuts and started eating them the young men asked in surprise when did you buy these peanuts peanuts and sunflower seeds are only relatively easy to buy before the Lunar New Year as supply and marketing cooperatives stock up on them but quantities are still limited peanuts are not something they can eat regularly given to me by someone else the others clearly didn't believe it who would give you peanuts see this bicycle I helped watch it and they gave me some cheap cigarettes and a handful of peanuts the young man said proudly only then did the group notice that the kid's pockets were bulging without any hesitation they swarmed forward pulled a small handful of peanuts from his pocket and also took out the bag of decriminal cigarettes giving each of them one hey give me back my cigarettes right now don't try to take them he said with a long face he shouldn't have been so pretentious peanuts are one thing but these are premium cigarettes he rarely gets to smoke such expensive ones now he got most of a pack and before he could even smoke one these brats had already divided it all up is this even human Chapter 79 railway guards and shangguanling if we look at cars together everyone will get a share a tall young man said with a smile Li Fuching never imagined that by spending most of a pack of cigarettes he would attract four security guards to watch the car he carried a bag of peanuts walked over to his grandparents and handed the peanuts to his grandmother grandma you can peel them and eat them originally watching movies was best with popcorn but now I have to make do with that he thought that if he ever invited a projectionist to show movies in Ligi Oswayng he would make some popcorn for everyone to try popcorn doesn't require much skill you can make it without a machine or a pot it's just a bit more troublesome thought their grandson was too considerate unlike their son their grandson truly came to repay them looking at their sensible grandson the elderly couple's eyes welled up with tears it's a pity for Fuchsings mother she won't get to enjoy this happiness the projectionist who came this time was a middle aged man in his 40s who should have a lot of work experience he was operating the projector skillfully at the moment the first movie we're going to show is Shang Engling which was filmed a few years ago people really enjoy watching these kinds of movies and they align with the mainstream values of our time as the movie was about to start the square gradually quieted down and anyone still talking was immediately stopped watching a movie is such a rare opportunity we can't let a few individuals ruin it the grandparents who were shelling peanuts stopped what they were doing and stared intently at the big screen they were completely engrossed in watching it still underestimates the appeal of movies to the general public as the movie began the projectionist's narration started and his deep voice reminded Lee Fushing of the voice of a news anchor on CCTV's evening news program it's clear that without eloquence one cannot be an excellent projectionist after shanggamling they showed Railway Guards another film about the Korean War watching the black and white film but think of the jokes his teacher had told him it is said that when he first watched a movie many villagers actually ran behind the screen to look for bullet casings after the movie after the movie ended the grandparents almost couldn't stand up so Li Fushin quickly helped them up both of these movies are quite long with Shang Engling lasting a full two hours so it was quite late after the movie ended it started around 7 30 and lasted until after 11 30 for people in later generations this time might not seem like much just the start of nightlife but in this era it was already very late if it weren't for watching a movie and the movie itself being so captivating some people might have fallen asleep even if someone is sleepy they still keep their eyes open and watch the whole thing they've been looking forward to the movie for so long and they feel like they're missing out if they miss even a single second of it Li Dajuan and Yong Mei carrying Fei Fei and holding Wang Ye's hand walked back with the villagers yes this time Li Fuching let Wan Kai ride in the car while Wanya walked even if Wan Kai is sensible we can't always let him suffer losses thanks guys Li Fuching thanked the four young men who were helping him watch the car and then took out a cigarette and offered one to each of them it's nothing it's nothing don't mention it the four young men were very happy holding the cigarettes to their ears completely reluctant to smoke them Li Fuching still let Wang Hua sit on the main beam while grandma sat in the backseat the moon is very bright tonight and I can see the road clearly by its light however Li Fuching also brought a light so riding his bike late at night wasn't a big problem there's a type of electric lamp that's very popular now it can be mounted on a bicycle and has a small generator underneath which generates electricity by riding the bicycle after dropping off his grandparents one by one at home Li Fuching covered in sweat took a shower otherwise he would feel uncomfortable all over Li Fuching opened pinadou in his mind and found that the 1 cent flash sale section had given him 10 kilograms of ham sausages this is a great accompaniment to instant noodles the thought of instant noodles gave Li Fuching a sense of potential instant noodles were invented in 1958 but were brought to mainland China by Taiwanese businessmen in 1964 and began to be produced in Shanghai around 1970 its debut caused a sensation sales exploded and it became popular in many countries around the world this is a great opportunity to earn foreign exchange my country is currently facing a severe shortage of foreign exchange a situation that persisted until the 1980s and 90s the market for instant noodles is vast and we can't just hand it over to ordinary people as someone who traveled from the future was very familiar with the production methods of instant noodles it's simply a matter of steaming or boiling the shredded noodles first then deep frying them to fix their shape the seasoning packets aren't difficult to make either they just contain a few basic ingredients it doesn't involve much technology even in this day and age production is not a problem at all after finishing the breakfast his grandmother had prepared Li Fuching rode his bicycle back to the city upon arriving at the courtyard they discovered that Xing Yuan was not there he had probably gone out to play Li Fuching left some supplies in his house he put down two more watermelons even if he didn't say anything he believed Ching Yuan would understand that these two watermelons were for him and Guo Ching Kai the watermelon was bought by Le Fei Shing on Pinduoduo as the weather gets hotter eating a slice of watermelon is very refreshing as soon as I stepped outside I saw Guocheng Kai I left two watermelons in Qing Yuan's room go get one later do me a favor when you're free just tell me Guocheng nodded Li Fuching's matter is his matter there's no question of whether or not to help him my village school is short of textbooks could you help me collect some old ones from all grades but I need the latest editions about 20 books from each grade good this is easy you can collect quite a bit from the street where you live Li Fuching took out 10 yuan Guocheng waved his hand I have some change give him 10 yuan and he'll be harder to deal with besides collecting old textbooks is basically free just give him two pieces of candy and the kids will come running to him Lee Fushing refused to accept the money any longer and put away the 10 yuan please get it done for me today and Guocheng also went out to collect the old teaching materials as for the watermelon it wouldn't be too late to get it from Ching Yuan after staying at home for a while Lee Fushing went out again he was going to Director Chen's house they had arranged it the day before yesterday Director Chen also lived in a courtyard house and didn't receive any special treatment passing a secluded corner Li Fushing took out two packets of milk powder and a watermelon from his backpack young man who are you looking for an old man in the courtyard asked Grandpa does Director Chin from the neighborhood committee live here Li Fushin asked offering the old man a cigarette the old man took the cigarette and immediately beamed with joy are you looking for Director Chin she lives in the backyard I'll take you there as he walked the old man inquired about Li Fushin's purpose he glanced at the watermelon in Li Fushing's hand and knew what was going on Li was probably asking Director Chen for help Li Fushing said with a smile Director Chen is my aunt but this is my first time visiting her the old man clearly didn't believe it he walked into the backyard and shouted Shally this young man is looking for your mother director Chen he even said he calls director Chen Annie the young woman who was washing clothes greeted him with a smile please come in and have a seat Chapter 80 a factory that doesn't want to export and earn foreign exchange isn't a good factory then he said to the old man thank you Uncle Wang he's a relative of ours and this is his first time here Grandpa Wong was stunned for a moment they're actually relatives why did you bring anything when you came to have a meal Du Wanli scolded playfully this watermelon was a gift from someone I brought it over for you to try is Aunt Shin still at work this watermelon weighing over 10 kilograms is considered quite large in this day and age there was a man inside the house preparing ingredients immediately guessed that it was director Chen's son and greeted him brother just make a few less the man turned around and saw Lee Fushing he quickly put down what he was doing offered him a cigarette and introduced himself as Zhou Xiangyang he said Duan Le was his wife and he was Director Chen's son fouching thank you so much for bringing us the milk powder he noticed that Li Fouching had brought two more bags of milk powder this time I used to worry that my kids wouldn't have enough to eat but now they have more than they can finish one bag of this milk powder weighs a pound and can last a long time Li Fuxing has already given their family several bags brother you're too kind Li Fuxing took the cigarette Zhou Xiangyang offered but didn't light it there are children inside after chatting Li Fuxing Learned about Zhou Xiangyang's situation Zhou Xiangyang himself is a workshop director at a noodle factory and his father is the director of a coal mine he will be home soon well the whole family are directors doesn't this make them a family of department heads Lee Fushing sighed inwardly even so they still couldn't get any milk powder which is enough to illustrate the scarcity of milk powder by the way brother what kind of noodles does your factory produce what a coincidence he was previously trying to figure out how to produce instant noodles he can't let the steel mill get involved now their methods just don't match let me show you I have one at home as Zhou Xiangyang spoke he took out some noodles these were a benefit provided by their factory after all he was a director so it was normal for him to receive benefits regardless of the factory they will all provide some products as employee benefits not only do leaders receive them but ordinary workers also receive them during holidays it's dried noodles Li Fuching was a little disappointed the noodles are straight if it's a corrugated surface instant noodles can be made with just a slight modification to the process you don't like noodles Zhou Xiangyang asked puzzled noodles are made from wheat flour are there still people who don't like to eat noodles made from wheat flour it's not that I don't like to eat it it's just that I feel it lacks innovation innovation what kind of innovation do you want Zhou Xiangyang said helplessly it's good enough to have food why would you want to be innovative this was the first time he had ever heard such a thing Li Fushin told him that since he lives alone he doesn't usually like to cook and was thinking of making some easy noodles brother has your noodle factory ever thought about making some noodles that are easier to eat Li Fuching prompted slowly without directly mentioning instant noodles Zhou Xiangyang was slightly taken aback cooking noodles is quite convenient Li Fuching rubbed his forehead after a moment of silence he added but it still needs to be cooked this can't we just eat it dry without cooking it Zhou Xiangyang asked in surprise Li Fushin took a deep breath and said could you make a kind of noodle that doesn't need to be cooked that you can just soak in boiling water for a while before eating Zhou Xiangyang said definitively that kind of noodle doesn't exist I know that very well brother you're so out of touch I heard from my friend that a new type of noodle has been produced overseas and is very popular it's called braised beef ramen and it's all the rage this is a type of noodle that can be eaten simply by soaking it in boiling water for a while I was thinking we could make a kind of noodle like that and export it to generate foreign exchange for the country foreigners are so happy with that kind of noodle why don't we do it my all powerful friend has reappeared although information is currently scarce in China such news is still not difficult to find moreover this scarcity only applies to ordinary people leaders are still constantly monitoring international developments Zhou Xiangyang was completely shocked he was stunned for a long time who doesn't want to export and generate foreign exchange he knew how desperately the country needed foreign exchange but the country had so little to export that foreigners weren't interested my country is still relatively backward so other countries don't think our products are any better it's not just foreigners who think this way many people in China think the same way after the founding of the People's Republic of China the country was eager to develop exports otherwise it wouldn't have held the Canton Fair Zhou Xiangyang never had the idea of generating foreign exchange they were just an ordinary noodle factory without such lofty ambitions let alone daring to think about it exporting noodles people would probably laugh themselves to death if they heard that do you think foreigners can't make noodles it's not that difficult foreign countries have a more abundant supply of food so the cost of making noodles would only be lower however Zhou Xiangyang also understood that if their factory could actually produce noodles for export it would be a major opportunity for him and the noodle factory and the country would definitely pay close attention to it the noodle factory will definitely be upgraded at that time and his status will rise accordingly fushing the kind of noodles you mentioned are they really popular overseas Zhou Xiangyang pressed Li Fushing said I'm not sure either I just heard a friend mention it but you can check it out after hearing what my friend said I thought that making noodles doesn't require much skill if foreigners can make them we can make them too then I looked up some ancient books and saw that the noodles were made by a chef in a restaurant in Suzhou during the Ming Dynasty who had a flash of inspiration he had already come up with a reason previously the water pump was attributed to ancient books so instant noodles can certainly be used as well anyway similar noodles have indeed existed before they might be found in ancient books so there's no need to worry about checking with some improvements they'll definitely be better than the instant noodles I'm currently making I don't think instant noodle patents have been registered yet right if not let's register as soon as possible Zhou Xiangyang felt a surge of excitement and countless thoughts flooded his mind the most urgent task is to find out whether that kind of noodle actually exists abroad and whether it's really popular if it's all true then we can try starting production as long as we can earn foreign exchange the status of his noodle factory will definitely skyrocket and so will his own Zhou Xiangyang also admired him very much he had heard his mother mention lefouching who had been commended for improving the hand pump well and had recently invented an electric kettle so he was sure he would receive another award truly his reputation is well deserved he even managed to come up with the idea of instant noodles Li Fuqing said he Learned it from ancient books it still shows that he loves learning and has a wide range of knowledge Fuqing please sit down and have some water I'll ask someone to help me look into it Joe Xiangyang said this and then quickly left Duan Li was cooking when she heard her child crying so she had to go check on the child first Li Fushin took over the kitchen work recently he went to visit his grandparents and cooked most of the time and his cooking skills have become more and more proficient not long after director Chen returned home and was furious to find that Li Fuqing a guest was cooking he could understand his daughter in law looking after the child but where was his son Chapter 81 even the melons of pangasang can't compare I told him to take leave and stay home to cook where is Xiangyang what is he doing making guests cook is outrageous director Chen exclaimed angrily Li Fushin quickly said Aunt Shun you're being too polite I can't take care of the child so my sister in law has to do it Brother Shang Yang has some errands to run Duan Li also said I've advised Fu Xing several times telling him to sit down and drink water she didn't know where her husband had gone out to do she had just seen him sitting and chatting with Li Fushing and then he suddenly left without saying a word she was also puzzled Director Chen quickly took over the work from Li Fushing and told him to sit on the sofa and wait for dinner what urgent matter does he have to attend to she was just a workshop foreman at a small noodle factory she had plenty of free time that's why she asked her son to take leave from work and stay home to cook but who knew it would be so unreliable Li Fushin didn't say anything he still had to wait for Zhou Xiangyang to understand the situation clearly instant noodles were invented more than two years ago and are currently very popular this is not a military secret so it is not difficult to find out about it Mom Fushing brought two more bags of milk powder and a big watermelon Dwanley said to her mother in law why bring things to fushing again just come and eat watermelons were quite valuable in those days anything edible was scarce there's not enough food to eat right now so how can we even consider growing watermelons they were all given to me by friends so I brought one over so Aunt Shun and the others can all try it Li Fuching said the same thing as before whether others believed him or not Du Wanli said this is the first time I've ever seen such a big watermelon Director Chun somewhat curious turned to look and was equally startled she had never seen such a large watermelon before it looked to weigh at least 16 or 17 pounds it's probably a new variety a gift from a friend I don't really know what it is watermelons weighing 16 or 17 pounds were very common there were also larger ones weighing over 30 pounds and some giant watermels could even reach a terrifying weight of over 100 pounds seeing that there was nothing at home to entertain Lee Fooshing director Chen simply cut up a watermelon after cutting it open the bright red flesh was revealed and director Chen was surprised again I've eaten watermelons from pangas Wang before and not only was the rind thick but the flesh wasn't this red either you don't even need to taste it you can tell it's delicious just by looking at it she cut three large pieces try one of each Li Fushin thanked him and took a piece to eat Director Chun and Duan Li both took a small bite and the sweet taste instantly filled their mouths having such a piece on a hot day was incredibly enjoyable however Li Fushin had some regrets watermelon is best served chilled this watermelon is really sweet it's probably a specially selected high quality one your friend is very capable director Chen said if it weren't a specially supplied product how could it be so good those who can obtain special supplies are all powerful figures or at least have connections and channels Li Fuqing laughed and said I don't know that he also gave me the milk powder he simply put the milk powder on this fictional friend so as to avoid having to make up another one later thus solving the problem once and for all in that case it must be true immediately realized that his guess was absolutely correct she prepared to cut another piece for Li Fuching Li Fuching quickly said no need Aunt Shun besides I don't like eating it like this I prefer watermelon that has cooled and well water refrigators do exist now but they're not commonly found in ordinary households De Wanley was speechless how can you be picky about such a delicious watermelon but just thinking about a cool watermelon on a hot day makes it sound so delicious Director Chin shook his head helplessly you're just being picky however since Li Fuxing had already said so she no longer declined just as he was about to go to the kitchen to cook he saw several children peeking into the house from outside helpless Director Chin cut half of the watermelon into small pieces he said go and call all the children in the yard over also took a special look at Li Fuxing's reaction since he was the one who brought the watermelon but leifushin had no objection to her actions so she was relieved all the children in the yard gathered around calling her Grandma Shun but their eyes were fixed on the watermelon and they kept swallowing their saliva one you on each line up the neighborhood where she lives is generally harmonious those who are not harmonious have all been summoned for talks how could she not be afraid the children received their watermelons thanked the vendors and went home many were eating watermelon for the first time they took a small bite and found it incredibly sweet some even eat the white flesh leaving only a thin layer of rind Du Wanli collected the eight watermelon rinds including the watermelon seeds on the table these things are all useful Zhou Xiangyang and his son returned home as soon as Zhou Xiangyang entered the house he was given a good scolding by his mother which left him somewhat dizzy Zhou Xiangyang's father had already Learned some information about instant noodles from his son on the way home he also felt that this was a rare opportunity fushing has given your son a great opportunity and you still don't know it Zhou Xiangyang's father asked a great opportunity Director Chun was a little confused his face full of doubt she glanced at her husband and son then at Li Fushin what great opportunity Duan Li who was looking after the child couldn't help but look over here with curiosity in her eyes as a wife how could she not want her husband to do something great it's a very popular instant noodle abroad you don't need to cook it just soak it in boiling water for a few minutes and you're ready to eat if Xiangyang's factory could produce it and export it to earn foreign exchange wouldn't that be a great opportunity Zhou Xiangyang's father said with a smile what there's that kind of noodle Director Chen exclaimed in shock I've lived most of my life but I've never heard of it she wasn't lacking in political acumen if they could truly earn foreign exchange through exports both the noodle factory and her son would see their status greatly enhanced the country's current demand for foreign exchange far exceeds expectations even if it means taking a loss if it can be exported it will definitely be exported to earn foreign exchange this was out of desperation there aren't many things that China can be proud of but Li Fuching knew that there were many things in China that could be exported but we just didn't pay attention to them take rare earth elements for example how much was sold off at rock bottom prices before it became a priority the amount is simply immeasurable mom I asked around and found out that Shao Rizhi did indeed make this kind of instant noodles in the past two years and it's become very popular Joshuang Yong said excitedly it's impossible to export to a small country like ours as the two countries have no diplomatic relations and are hostile to each other but the world isn't just about eating noodles there are plenty of export options the question is can your factory produce it director Chen realized the key point there are many best selling products around the world but you have to be able to produce them I just happened to see a record of a kind of instant noodles in an ancient book not long ago with a little improvement it can be produced Chapter 82 Factory Manager I'm missing everything you mentioned he continued this thing isn't high tech you can make it eventually if you do it a few more times Director Chen was extremely shocked she remembered that Li Fuxing gave the same answer saying that he had seen relevant records in ancient books about hand pump wells our ancestors truly left behind many treasures it's just that very few of them have been discovered fushing you really do enjoy reading ancient books she said with a smile Li fushing nodded when I have nothing to do at home I like to take a look and write down anything useful with our 5,000 year history there must be a lot of useful things we should view traditional culture dialectically taking its essence and discarding its dross Zhou Xiangyang's father exclaimed fushing is absolutely right he disliked those who completely denied the things passed down from their ancestors labeling everything as feudal remnants in particular Li Fuching's take the essence and discard the dross if these words were published in the newspaper they would definitely resonate with everyone two of Li Fuching's three inventions were inspired by ancient books can we still say that traditional culture is completely worthless fushing when do you have time come to our factory and improve the process so we can quickly produce instant noodles Zhou Xiangyang wished he could poach leave fushing to their noodle factory right now but he understood perfectly well that a noodle factory could not compare to a steel rolling mill their noodle factory was not even as good as the small branch factories under the steel rolling mill don't rush let me try first and I'll go in a few days Li Fushin didn't agree immediately he still had to put on an act our noodle factory is looking forward to your arrival Zhou Xiangyang was very happy but soon the father and son were pulled away by director Chen to cook this meal was very lavish at least by today's standards a roast duck a pot of old hen soup a plate of stir fried tofu and a plate of stir fried celery this is the first time lefouching has ever taken advantage of someone who has transmigrated from another world this kind of meal is something that ordinary families might not even be able to afford during the Lunar New Year unable to refuse the hospitality of Zhou Xiangyang and his son Li Fuxing also had a couple of drinks they chatted for a while before Li Fuxing got up to say goodbye after Li Fuxing left Zhou Xiangyang immediately went to the noodle factory to find the factory manager the noodle factory manager Mr Wai had a very good relationship with his father whom he called Uncle Wai it was because of this relationship that he was able to become the workshop director at such a young age however he is capable enough otherwise he wouldn't have been able to be promoted Zhou Xiangyang explained the instant noodles to factory director Wai in detail factory director Wei was utterly shocked after hearing this it sounds like a story noodles that don't need to be cooked just soaked in boiling water for a few minutes can be exported to earn foreign exchange it sounds a bit unrealistic are you serious Xiangyang are you sure factory director Wei asked I've inquired and it's true that this kind of noodle exists it's selling extremely well overseas so I think our factory should give it a try just in case factory director Wei agreed as he understood the implications better than joshanghong is your relative's brother reliable factory director Wai pressed Zhou Xiangyang was stunned for a moment Uncle Wai do you know about hand pumps and electric kettles of course the things made by the first steel rolling mill were supposedly invented by a comrade namely Fuchsing I've seen hand pumps but I haven't seen electric kettles yet there are only a few major factories in Beijing how could he not know that Li Fuxing is my relative's younger brother Zhou Xiangyang said factory director Wei's eyes widened then excitedly he said Xiangyang could you persuade him to come to our factory our factory can help him Joe Shang Yong immediately interrupted him even if he's the director it won't work Uncle Wei I'm not trying to discourage you nor am I being self deprecating but we need to know our place what good would it do if the noodle factory mainly fooshing the director it's all over now compared to a steel rolling mill the level is far inferior those who stay at the steel rolling mill have a much brighter future than those at the noodle factory I told him to come to our factory and give us some pointers if he can really make instant noodles Uncle Wei how are you going to repay my brother Zhou Xiangyang astutely fawning for benefits this idea and production method shouldn't be given away for nothing even if he worked at the noodle factory he would never let that kind of thing happen if he did his mother who was the director of the neighborhood committee would be the first to fight him she would definitely be furious well factory director Wei also began to ponder they don't lack work and giving them money would seem too vulgar they should also have all sorts of receipts if you invent two products for the steel rolling mill will definitely give you these rewards they don't seem to lack anything do they this is going to be a bit troublesome if Li Fushing knew this he would definitely say I lack everything you mentioned although Li Fushing doesn't need the work he still has a bunch of nephews in the village factory director Wei ultimately wanted the factory to try making it first if they could make it themselves they wouldn't need to bother Li Fuching and wouldn't owe him too many favors however even if he did it himself the idea was provided by Li Fuqing which cannot be denied he then arranged for a group of experienced master craftsmen in the factory to work together to develop a new type of noodle the experienced workers were dumbfounded is it okay to joke like that factory manager can noodles be eaten dry can they be eaten plain or soaked in boiling water for a few minutes they had never heard of noodles like this before asking them to do it now would be putting them in a difficult position wouldn't it that's a bit too far fetched we've never heard of this kind of noodle before said one of the experienced workers yeah what kind of noodles can you just soak in hot water and eat factory director Wai said everyone listen to me first foreigners can make these noodles so why can't we I've also heard that this kind of noodle existed in ancient times if the ancients could make it are we any less capable than them now if we try a few more times we'll eventually succeed everyone should have confidence if anyone can make those noodles the factory will give them a 200 yuan bonus Wei gave a long speech about the rewards hearing about the generous reward the experienced workers were all very excited and eager to try it out the factory manager said that foreigners and ancient people could make that kind of noodles so they couldn't be any worse than others right if Li Fuching heard their thoughts he would surely find them hilarious what gives you the misconception that you are smarter than the ancients many things made by people in ancient times cannot be replicated in modern times the same applies to the seismograph and the wooden ox and flowing horse as soon as Li Fuching arrived at the courtyard he saw Gu Chung Kai busy collecting teaching materials he was clever instead of giving money directly to avoid giving anyone a handle to use against him he bought candy and popsicles and traded them with the children for their old and used textbooks popsicles are very cheap now most costing only 1 cent you've collected quite a lot Li Fuching said with a puzzled tone I told you that about 20 of each kind would be enough Chapter 83 homework burning in the future books selling now Gu Chong said helplessly the children have all been sent we can't let them down okay that makes sense we can't let the children down it's not unreasonable for kids to only be thinking about a few bites of food Li Fuching went inside and took out some sugar and peanuts he said to Gu Chi Kai Chi Kai distribute these to them as well upon hearing this the children were overjoyed Gu Chi picked up a few books and flipped through them to check for any missing pages but when he looked at the back he found they were all new you didn't bring the book you're currently using did you no way take it back right now Gu Cheng handed the book back you little brat you're trying to get me into trouble if your parents find out they'll definitely come after me Li Fuching was also helpless it seems that children who are unwilling to study exist in every era they think that if they sell their books they can stop going to school he couldn't help but think of some students in later generations who because they didn't want to do their homework would throw it into the stove to burn or simply discard it but often things didn't go as planned the homework was always salvaged and the students would cry their hearts out this kit is behaving in a similar way now we're using these now take them back quickly otherwise if they're discovered there won't be any food left Lee Fushing said to the group of children several children upon hearing this secretly took back a few books I dare not gamble if they get caught they can't exchange their old books anymore so they won't be able to eat anything wouldn't it be awful to just watch others eat Lee Fushing had an unexpected gang not only were there textbooks but there were also some learning materials these were all things that LG Oswayne School could use LG Oswayne School was too rudimentary and lacked many things not just textbooks Gu Cheng had collected a large pile of books he moved all the old books directly into Qing Yun's room since Li Fushing would be taking them back soon so there was no need to bother moving them to the central courtyard after moving everything they took a watermelon from inside the house the watermelon was so big that gouching couldn't hide any of it the residents in the courtyard watched it the whole way especially the children whose eyes never left it li fushing then took out three and gave one to each of the front yard middle yard and backyard Andy you Andy 2 and Andy 3 each take one and share it in the yard everyone can have a taste it was given to us by a friend Fushing pulled out his friend to take the blame again none of the residents in the courtyard house had any doubts Choon of the neighborhood office is a relative of Li Fushing with such a wide network of connections it wouldn't be unreasonable for him to get a few watermelons thank you so much fussing and her companions thank them repeatedly watermelons are in high demand and this one is so big too cut it into smaller pieces so that adults can also try it along with the children it's too sweet sweeter than sugar this watermelon is amazing look at the rind it's so thin yes and it's exceptionally sweet this variety is probably not something most people can get their hands on Fuchsian's friend is really something Li Fuqing thought to yourself you guys have really never seen that dream melon that cracks open with just a tap of your hand some foreigners once ate Chinese watermelons and suspected they had been injected with sweeteners as their country's watermelons had never been so sweet this is a huge joke watermelons cost only a few cents a pound is it really worth hitting that thing if you want to fight go home and fight yourself after collecting the old teaching materials Li Fuching began to think about the old clothes for him old clothes are much harder to find than new clothes so he might as well just buy some fabric on Pindodo and have them make him a few new outfits anyway children's clothes don't use much fabric the main reason is that people are reluctant to throw away old clothes they mend and patch them for another 3 years this saying is not without merit unlike later generations where old clothes piled up like mountains and couldn't be disposed of after careful consideration Li Fuching decided to buy some cloth to take home he thought of school uniforms from later generations he decided to offer to make two sets of school uniforms for the children if free wasn't an option charging a dollar or two would be fine Li Fuching figured the parents wouldn't refuse even in rural areas where everyone is poor no one is willing to give up the opportunity to buy two new outfits for just one or 2 yuan Lee Fushing went to the neighboring courtyard to find Li Daiwei Daiwei can you ride a tricycle yet this kid started learning to ride a tricycle yesterday he gave the tricycle that the factory gave to Li Fushing a while ago to Li Daiwei learning from uncle 21 isn't that difficult indeed tricycles are much easier to learn than bicycles since the tricycle won't tilt you can skip the step of learning to balance as long as you coordinate your hands and feet there won't be any problems okay then come back to the village with me later you can ride the tricycle and take those old books back Li Fuching assigned him the task a broad leaded away out with me hoping it would make things easier for myself therefore Li Fuching was not polite at all when it came to arranging people Li Dawei was also very happy feeling that he could finally be of help he would feel guilty if his uncle 21 didn't let him do any work okay I'll be there in a bit Lee Fushing then asked how did your purchases at Shihua Commune go yesterday Lee Daiwei scratched his head feeling somewhat sorry for Lee Fushing's mentorship I didn't buy anything and Shihua Commune doesn't have much grain either but don't worry Uncle 21 I'll go further afield tomorrow to take a look he assured him Li Fuqing waved his hand don't rush take your time be careful in the future and don't go too far away he wasn't in a hurry to give Li Dawei supplies he wanted to test Li's patience first Li Dawei breathed a sigh of relief when he saw that uncle 21 not only didn't blame him but also comforted him he was even more grateful more than an hour later he went to number 68 courtyard to find Li Fuxing Li Fuxing offered him watermelon I bought 20 or 30 of them on Pender Doo there were plenty after you finish eating the watermelon go to Ching Yun's place to pack up the books and send them back to the village Li Fuching instructed okay after quickly finishing his meal Li Dawei went to work he had to move the pile of old books onto the tricycle it must have weighed several hundred pounds Lee Fushing walked over with two watermelons put them on the tricycle and surrounded them with old books take this to the school you go first I'll go back later Li Dawei then rode his tricycle back to Ligi Oswayng even if uncle 21 hadn't arranged it he would have been willing to make the trip these old books are for the village school his sister is still attending school there Li Fushin also got on his bicycle and headed towards Ligi Oswayng he thought that having a motorcycle would be the best thing ever cycling back and forth is tiring upon arriving at the entrance of Ligi Oswayng Village put two large watermelons into the shopping basket at the back of the car with three bolts of blue cloth underneath a popular color at the time Li Dawei had already arrived at the school gate and parked his car quickly told the students to study on their own and ran out uncle 21 asked me to bring these back Li Dawei said as he unloaded the books too many Li Jiguang and his daughter exclaimed in surprise they were overjoyed to find that in addition to textbooks there were also some learning materials that their school needed Chapter 84 brainwashing the students reminding them to remember uncle 21's kindness Li Jiguang thought to himself brother 21 is indeed reliable oh right uncle 21 instructed that these two watermelons are also for the school Li Daiwei said both Li Jiguang and his daughter saw the two watermelons but they didn't expect them to be for the school they already felt bad for troubling Li Fushin to find the old books how dare you ask for anything else Dawei we won't keep you at the school you should move to Grandpa Fushings house Li Jiguang said the students are doing much better now they can study and have enough to eat parents used to be reluctant to send their daughters to school but now that they're old enough they all send them the purpose is quite obvious if it weren't for the age restrictions they probably would have brought the Newborn uncle 21 told the school about it so I dare not move it otherwise you can talk to uncle 21 I'm just a gopher I'll put it wherever uncle 21 tells me to put it uncle 21's family still has watermelons he saw that there were several more at uncle 21's house Li Jiguang nodded and stopped refusing then joined Li Dawei in moving the old books inside you've worked hard Dawei sit down and have a slice of watermelon before you go Li Jiguang wanted to cut a watermelon Li Dawei waved his hand no need I've eaten quite a lot at Uncle 21's place if I have nothing else to do I'll go home for a visit he turned and left after saying that there were many students at the school and he felt embarrassed to share the two watermelons with the children uncle 21 really cares about the school Shao Xiong couldn't help but sigh she was a little down because she didn't have any old clothes Li Jiguang said yes he is indeed very concerned because of Li Fushing's help he was able to focus on teaching without having to deal with other things the father and daughter had just finished cutting the watermelon and hadn't yet shared it with the students when Li Fushing arrived on his bicycle the father and daughter quickly came out to greet him and thanked him repeatedly no need to be so polite brother Jigong there's something else I need you to inform the parents about what's wrong Lee Jigong asked puzzled my friend helped me get some fabric and I was thinking of making two sets of clothes for the students as school uniforms we only charged parents 1 or 2 yuan for the fabric and then we asked the women in the village to help make the students school uniforms the village covers the labor costs both Li Jiguang and his daughter were taken aback especially Xiaosong she asked uncle 21 to help collect some old clothes but to her surprise he actually made two new outfits for the students even if he only charged a dollar or two any parent who wasn't stupid would be very happy to take the money okay I'll go tell the party secretary right away and inform the villagers this was a big deal and Li Jiguang immediately became restless after he left Li Fuqing said to Xiao Xiong these few bolts of cloth should be enough use the rest to make a set for you and your father by the way the school uniforms should be the same style girls all love new clothes Shao Xiang was very happy and quickly brought over the sliced watermelon for Li Fuxing to eat I'm not eating yet I'm going home for a bit Li Fuxing pointed to his shopping basket which still contained two watermelons when Shao Xiang saw the two watermelons she didn't offer them up and prepared to share them with the students upon seeing the watermelon the students immediately lost interest in studying their eyes drawn to the tempting treat but they didn't dare to rush forward and grab it because teacher Shao Xiang was very strict not the same sister Shao Xiang as before and she was very kind to her students those whose names are called please come forward and get yours everyone else please wait patiently Shao Xiang said then roll call was conducted and those whose names were called went forward to receive a watermelon then returned to their seats to eat it everything was done in an orderly manner and not only were people not allowed to move around they were also not allowed to whisper to each other you shouldn't throw away watermelon rinds after you've finished eating them you should collect them if you process it properly you can make a pot of soup in addition teacher Xiao Xiang also told everyone that the watermelon they ate the textbooks they used and the pens they used were all provided by Li Fuxing these students need to remember this Li Jiguang quickly went to the old party secretary and told him about the school uniform issue this is great news fushing is really a good idea you go back to school and I'll go and issue a notice I want to see who would be reluctant to take this money even if you had cloth coupons you might not be able to buy any cloth let alone at such a low price it was practically a half sale half gift fabric is extremely scarce right now even supply and marketing cooperatives may not have it in stock even if the whole family saved up cloth coupons for a year they might not be able to buy enough cloth for a single outfit now not only are cloth coupons no longer needed but they're also cheap where else can you find such a good deal I guess only Li Fuching would ask his friends for help for the students you definitely have to forget about doing favors for others after Li Fushing arrived home Wang Yue and Wang Hua gathered around him especially after seeing the big watermelon they insisted on helping go fetch water Li Fushing instructed Wang Yue to do I absolutely dare not let them hold the watermelon if a watermelon weighing 17 or 18 pounds were to fall and be unable to be held even if Li Fuching didn't care yongmei would still give the brother and sister a good beating the groundwater pumped up from the well is very cold I'll use it to chill the watermelon before eating it it would be best to put it directly into the well water but the wells in the village are almost all dry now so we have to use water from the hand pump to cool it down and his colleagues were digging a septic tank their foreheads covered in sweat a group of elderly men and women were listening to the radio inside the house when they saw Li Fushing return home with two large watermelons they very discreetly prepared to leave and come back to listen again tomorrow Li Fushing quickly stopped them telling them to listen to the radio a little longer and then eat watermelon together unable to refuse Grandma Lee Fushing's kind offer they stayed after she spoke waiting to share a watermelon the radio was broadcasting news both domestic and international after the news was broadcast they started playing stories that everyone liked to hear the elderly people all praised Lee Fushing for being sensible and filial praise came in endless streams Grandpa and Grandma Li Fushin loved hearing these words they couldn't stop smiling at that moment parents whose children attended school heard the announcement about the need for school uniforms upon learning this they were very supportive and many immediately went to the school to pay the fees it's as if if you go too late you won't get anything two sets of clothes for 2 yuan is a great deal even if they're children's clothes fabric is already very scarce especially in rural areas who's good at making clothes the old party secretary asked several women needed to work together Xiaosong started taking measurements for the students Shao Xiang make the ruler a little longer a student's parent said children grow quickly and if clothes are made exactly to current sizes they won't fit in less than a year everyone is thinking of making them a little larger this kind of opportunity is extremely rare yes make the school uniforms bigger this amount of fabric is enough fouching is really impressive they managed to get so much fabric needless to say they must have connections in places like cotton Mills to be able to get so much Shao Xiong understood the parents request so she measured the size slightly larger seeing that some parents were still trying to take advantage fushing entrusted this matter to Shao Xiong so let Shao Xiong decide all of you shut up Chapter 85 go directly to the steel rolling mill to find someone we need to make it a little bigger for you or the children seeing the old party secretary get angry the women quieted down and no one dared to say anything more they selected several skilled women to make clothes trying to finish the school uniforms within the next few days so that the students could wear new clothes the old party secretary also gave everyone a heads up after finishing the remaining fabric nothing can be touched fushing has made arrangements and the rest will be given to Shao Xiong and Jiguang we need to make this clear beforehand so that fushing doesn't hear things like the father and daughter embezzling cloth that would be bad and would damage Ligi Oswayng's image and leave Fushing's mind everyone listened and of course had no objections if the students are going to do it then the teachers should too besides this is what Li Fuching said so they wouldn't dare object the young people watching outside sighed wondering why they didn't receive such good treatment when they were in school now not only are meals provided but they're even getting new clothes made for them they don't even dare to dream about such things all of these things were brought by lefouching everyone in the village could feel that lefouching attached great importance to education in the village and helped a lot Li Dawei went back and talked to his mother for a while before hurrying back to the steel rolling mill he went back to the mill every day to report for duty cherishing his job unlike Li Fuqing who only went two or three times a week Li Fuqing took out the watermelon that had been soaking for a long time cut it open and gave half of it to Li Jichuan and the others Brother Zhichuan let's eat some watermelon together to cool off okay let's put it aside for now thank you so much Fuqing Li Zhichuan said he'd never done such a comfortable job before getting to eat good food every day they weren't planning to eat the watermelon now they wanted to take it home after work they could all see it the watermelon was huge and even half of it would be quite a lot there were only five of them working and each person could get about 2 kg Li Fuching continued cutting and said to Wang Yue and Wang Hua send this to the grandparents in the house however some of them might be his old buddies the elderly people ate the watermelon thinking how good it was and that they should save the seeds to plant in their yard next year hoping they might grow there wasn't a single watermelon seed on the ground they had all put them in their pockets those who don't know the situation might think they are eating seedless watermelons Li Fuching ate a piece and then went into the kitchen it was time to make dinner the next day the students put on their school uniforms and the school's appearance was completely transformed the school uniforms were also very simple in design much like the clothes worn during military training the children who weren't in school envied their older siblings who got to wear new clothes they all longed to grow up quickly so they could go to school eat delicious food and wear new clothes children who were too old felt regretful for not being able to participate the children of Ligi Oswayng are certainly happy Ligi Gong the care their school showed to its students was something that even schools in the city might not be able to match schools in the city may indeed have a better environment and stronger teaching staff but what school offers free meals and cheap school uniforms too Li Fushin didn't go back to the city today he left several days worth of goods at Ching Yun's house he was unaware that the leaders at the noodle factory where Zhou Xiangyang worked were in a state of extreme anxiety moreover the news was leaked somehow a high ranking leader came to check on the situation and while touring inquired about the progress of their instant noodle research and development what's the progress they worked day and night and had failed countless times foreign exchange is of great significance the higher UPS had only heard about it yet they sent someone over clearly they were also aware of the immense popularity of instant noodles abroad and were quite pleased we can't manufacture high tech products with very high technical content but we should be able to make instant noodles right it will not only generate a large amount of foreign exchange but also alleviate the current employment difficulties as long as instant noodles can be produced and exported the noodle factory's output will naturally need to be increased making recruitment expansion inevitable a noodle factory that originally had only a few hundred employees could suddenly become a large factory with thousands of employees the higher UPS have already begun discussing the issue of instant noodles still not working factory director Wei lit a cigarette he had stayed at the factory last night as well Zhou Xiangyang nodded no it will turn into a paste if you soak it in boiling water if it doesn't work out how about we ask your younger brother to come instead factory director Wei took a deep drag on his cigarette feeling immense pressure the factory would take its time to produce the goods and he could just wait patiently but now that the higher UPS have arrived and are waiting to see the products he immediately becomes nervous it's clear that the authorities place great importance on the research and development to put it bluntly it's about valuing foreign exchange as the factory director he fully understood the leader's eagerness various industries in China now need foreign exchange to purchase machinery especially key scientific research projects which are heavily relying on imports for both machinery and materials Zhou Xiangyang threw down his cigarette but then I'll be going now go ahead you can't help if you stay at the factory Zhou Xiangyang was speechless for a moment you can't just tell the truth to someone's face can you factory director Wei suddenly called out to took out a bunch of receipts from his drawer including a receipt for a sewing machine don't go empty handed bring something with you Joe Xiangyang agreed and immediately put it away while also glancing at Director Wai's drawer factory Director Wai laughed and scolded what are you looking at this is all the factory's assets if your brother can help the factory solve its problems we will definitely reward him handsomely if you can make instant noodles everything else is negotiable Zhou Xiangyang first went to the steel rolling mill it was working hours and most people were staying in the factory but Lee Fushing was no ordinary worker Lee Wibben was surprised looking for fushing what's your relationship with him what do you want was the treasure of their entire logistics department and even the entire steel rolling mill the man looked like he worked at another factory so section chief Lee immediately became wary trying to poach talent no way Zhou Xiangyang said helplessly he's my distant cousin then I briefly explained the situation Li Wenbin was shocked so they're even inventing things in noodle factories now what's going on is there any value in developing instant noodles just to save a little time who's short of 10 minutes what's the point of making this thing he felt that Lee Fushing was neglecting his duties this time with this free time it would be more practical to bring back a couple of wild boars that kid hasn't sent any game to the factory in a while and Lee Wibben is starting to feel a bit uneasy is fushing at the factory if he is have him come over the higher UPS are waiting at the factory Zhou Xiangyang had no choice but to bring up the higher UPS to put pressure on him to bring his men out quickly Li Wenbin's eyes widened how could such a simple instant noodle dish have alarmed his superiors what kind of instant noodles are so important for an exchange Li Wenbin gasped he understood but found it hard to believe their steel mill hadn't been able to produce a single exportable product how could a small noodle factory possibly succeed he's not at the factory he hasn't come for several days Li Wenbin was also somewhat speechless Chapter 86 the rewards for revival must be implemented Zhou Xiangyang frowned the person isn't even at the factory why are you talking about all this nonsense damn it what a waste of my time Zhou Xiangyang left immediately heading towards the courtyard house where Li Fuxing was Li Fuxing had told him the exact location during their last meal together Li Wenbin immediately got up and went to section chief Wang's office get out knock again section chief Wong was furious at Lee Wibbin for coming in without knocking he told him to go out and knock again so he could learn to be polite Li Wenbin sighed and had no choice but to knock on the door again come in and speak quickly if you need anything section chief Wang something big has happened Li Wenbin said what important matter section chief Wang didn't believe it if something truly significant happened he would definitely know about it earlier than Li Wenbin his rank was ultimately higher any news would inevitably pass through his hands first if you found out first how could it be a big deal I heard that fushing has developed a kind of instant noodles that can be exported people from the noodle factory just came to see him they seemed very anxious and said that there are leaders from above waiting for fushing Li Wenbin spoke very quickly section chief Wong displayed the exact same expression as Li Wenbin had shown before almost identical why didn't you say something so important sooner why are you dragging your feet where are the people from fushing section chief Wong was getting impatient they were all very clear about the meaning of the term foreign exchange how can this be allowed to benefit other factories Lee Wibben thought to himself didn't you tell me to knock on the door now it's me being slow paced again fushing hasn't been to the factory for several days then hurry up and go find it after finishing speaking section chief Wong immediately got up to find Director Kai why are you only reporting on such a big matter now as expected section chief Wong was also criticized they all sensed the gravity of the issue from the word their steel mill also wanted to export goods and generate foreign exchange for the country go and find fushing quickly Director Kai then went to report the situation to Factory Director Lynn upon hearing the news Director Lynn was equally incredulous and subsequently uttered almost the same words he immediately made a phone call to check if the news was true he soon received a reply confirming the news I was utterly shocked the noodles can be exported and are very popular abroad what can you say about that the main problem is that Li Fuching is an employee of their steel rolling mill the thought of other factories profiting from this situation makes them resentful they also understand that having a steel rolling mill produce noodles is a bit far fetched but that's foreign exchange if it's truly about generating foreign exchange a steel mill could easily set up a small noodle factory so what if people make a few jokes the reward for Comrade Fushing's invention of the fast heating immersion heater hasn't been issued yet has it Director Kai asked even if we fushing were given a job that wouldn't be enough would it now he's offering advice to the noodle factory and even teaching them the techniques could it be that he's dissatisfied with the reward for the electric kettle Director Kai mentioned in the meeting long ago that Li Fuching should receive an additional reward the factory agreed but the specific reward details haven't been decided yet as Li Fuching's direct supervisor he had to help his subordinates secure sufficient benefits let's have a meeting later and discuss this properly said director Lenn who shared the same thought as director Kai perhaps he was truly dissatisfied with the reward for the quick heating which is why he went to the noodle factory if Li Fushin knew their thoughts he would definitely cry foul your thinking is too unconventional it's simply because steel rolling Mills are really not suitable for producing instant noodles Joshang Yong went straight to the courtyard where Li Fuqing lived but he found no one there Luchin Yun lit the cigarette Joshuang Yong handed him and said Fuxing Baojuan is still in Lijiazui he often goes back to see his grandparents these days do you know the way I know I've been there several times Luchin Yun only told him this because he knew that this person was Director Chen's son and Li Fushings elder brother brother can you take me there Luchin Yun said the road is a bit far I don't have a bicycle either that's not difficult I'll borrow a car from the neighborhood office and we'll leave now Zhou Xiangyang was very anxious the thought of his superiors waiting at the factory put him under immense pressure he quickly helped Lu Ching Yun borrow a bicycle and the two of them sped off to Ligi Oswayng the two had barely left when Li Wenbin arrived again an older woman was puzzled why were there so many people looking for fooshing today it's one thing for people from the steel rolling mill to come looking for us it's quite another for people from the noodle factory to come to fushing has nothing to do with noodle factories right upon hearing that Li Fushing was in Lijiazuiang Li Wibin immediately found Li Dawei and instructed him to hurry back and invite Li Fushing over Li Dawei didn't want to delay so he got on his tricycle and set off Li Fushin was still wandering around the river where the vegetables in the riverbed had grown to more than an inch tall it's growing really fast it's only been a few days if it continues to grow at this rate some vegetables will be ready for harvest in about 20 days then the village will have an extra source of income he had already spoken to Lee Wenbin and the steel mill was purchasing these vegetables at a slightly higher price than the supply and marketing cooperative and his colleagues were very happy with that with you being served every day how could you not be happy the old party secretary said with a smile this is not a joke since the crops in the riverbed belong to the village and do not need to be handed over the villagers are very enthusiastic about their work and care about it even more than the crops in the fields the fertile soil also contributed to its rapid growth Li Fuching felt regretful thinking that if there were plastic film they could have built greenhouses for planting which would have made the crops grow much faster and even allowed them to be planted in winter it wasn't that there was no plastic film in those days it's just that the production volume was too low plastic film is made of polyethylene which has to be refined from petroleum my country's current oil production is still very low and oil related products are extremely scarce the Dodching oilfield was discovered last year once the Dodching oilfield is exploited my country's oil shortage situation will be greatly improved they're growing green beans over there so it takes longer pointing to a spot not far away the plants growing over there are eggplants the old party secretary continued pointing thanks to your invention of the hand pump well otherwise these things would never have grown they the people of Ljubljane are really lucky they were the first to use a hand pump well which freed up a large plot of land the crops grown on this land didn't have to be handed over to the village they all belonged to the village as the two were walking someone ran up to the old party secretary to complain that ladali and the others had disappeared again the old party secretary wasn't stupid of course he knew the reason they thought they had covered their tracks perfectly but everyone knew the truth it was just that hunting in the mountains was too dangerous and since the village had other ways to make a living no one wanted to expose them if you're tempted feel free to go ahead but you'll have to bear the consequences yourself if you manage to get something no one will be jealous alright if they don't want work points let them be the old party secretary didn't want to stop them either even their parents didn't stop them so why should he meddle however there were other reasons as well the deer they killed earlier was hunted by ledali and his friends and they deserve credit for the village being able to eat potatoes Chapter 87 how to increase grain supply in Lee Family Village Lee Fushing also had his own plans intending to develop Lee Oswayng into a place where people could live comfortably and make it a safe haven during the next 10 years relying solely on the riverbed won't suffice once the drought is over the area will become a river again and Ligi Oswayng will lose this land therefore the barren mountains must be fully developed carbohydrates are important at all times and both humans and livestock rely heavily on them the sources of carbohydrates are grains such as wheat sweet potatoes and rice rice and wheat yields are low at least for now both crops have very specific soil requirements and are therefore unsuitable for mountainous terrain corn and sweet potatoes can indeed be grown on the mountain but this also has problems the grain grown on reclaimed land is difficult to keep in the village and if the village wants to develop industries like raising chickens and ducks it's indeed quite difficult Lee Fucheng thought a lot about it and wanted to avoid the problem starch crops that can be grown on the mountain without clearing the land sweet potatoes can be grown but they need loose soil the soil on the mountain is too hard so the yield will definitely be low there is a chance that it will be a losing proposition other options include yam and cassava however these crops are all somewhat toxic and need to be treated first however cassava has a high yield and is not so demanding in terms of soil requirements it can be used to feed livestock and people can eat it too cassava is a tropical crop but it can also be grown in the north although the yield may not be as high as in the south so not only can mushrooms be grown in the mountains but also some cassava and other crops the yield is not important they can be considered wild let the grazing land roam freely and let the harvest be entirely up to fate seeing that the riverbed was on track Li Fuching could start thinking about the mountains in these difficult times if we don't know how to make use of idle resources we can't blame god for not giving us food both cassava and yams miss their planting season in contrast places like Guangdong and Guangxi and the islands can grow crops regardless of the season but that won't work in the north the winters there are freezing let alone crops therefore for now we can only grow things with short growth cycles such as mushrooms the old party secretary sighed fruits and melons won't fill our stomachs otherwise they wouldn't have gone hungry if they had planted so much you can eat plenty of fruits and vegetables but they cannot replace staple foods it's easy to get bloated and become puffy using fruits to replace grains was also something that was tried due to food shortages the government has promoted the use of fruits and vegetables to replace grains and side dishes to replace staple foods yes some people in our village had edema last year at first we thought it was just from gaining weight the old party secretary said helplessly therefore we still need to find a way to produce grain in my opinion we should develop those mountains behind the village those deep mountains and forests are fine but these mountains are close to Ligi Oswayng so we should make use of them we don't need to clear wasteland we can just plant some things and not worry about them we can harvest them later and take whatever we can get we don't need to eat them ourselves we can raise some chickens and ducks later Li Fuching said expressing his idea the old party secretary nodded slightly after listening that's indeed feasible it's like exploiting a loophole however it did not violate any regulations there's no guarantee of a good harvest not only will the plants not grow well but they'll also be damaged by animals in the mountains but as Li Fuching said even a low yield is still grain and we should take whatever we have we can surround the mountains and raise chickens there letting them find their own food on the mountains Li Fushin explained recounting the method of free range chicken raising used in later generations chicks raised using this method don't fly away but their advantage lies in saving time and effort the old party secretary's traditional thinking was constantly challenged by Li Fei shing's words suddenly I felt like my perspective had been broadened but the prerequisite is still having seeds and chicks otherwise it's all just empty talk secretary you should find someone to lease the mountain let's give it a try this year I'll figure out a way to get the chickens besides the chickens we raise for the village to eat I still buy the rest and sell them to the steel rolling mill lefushin continued upon hearing that lefushin could solve the chick problem the old party secretary immediately made up his mind I'll find someone to get this done as soon as possible the mountainous fuishing mentioned was a small hill even if it were all fenced off there wouldn't be much work to be done a dozen or 20 people could finish it in about 10 days as for materials you can just use tree branches or similar items from the mountain to make the fence as for growing mushrooms I'll figure it out first then I'll come back and teach everyone the old party secretary harbored a secret expectation he now regards Li Fushing as the decision maker of Ligi Oswayng and himself as the executor but he doesn't care at all as long as it's good for Ligi Oswayng he doesn't mind listening to Li Fushing he's fine as a deputy if everything Li Fushing said comes true then not only will everyone in Ligi Oswayng be able to eat their fill but they may also become wealthy this is a key reason why he was willing to be Li Fuqing's deputy just then the lookout in the distance sent word that outsiders had come to the village who came the old party secretary asked one of them is Liu Qing Yuan and I've never seen the other one before the man replied it's all right they should have come to me Li Fuching said he knew Qing Yuan's character well Qing Yuan would not bring anyone to Ligi Oswayng who was hostile to him or had impure motives I'll go take a look when he arrived he discovered that the person who came was Li Fuqing had a rough idea of his purpose but why was he in such a hurry he had actually come all the way to the village Brother Zhou you guys chat if you're in a hurry to go back you don't need to wait for me I'll take the bicycle back to the neighborhood office as soon as I get back Luocheng Yuwen said his return to Ligi Oswayng this time was not merely to lead the way he had promised his underlings he would bring them good food and he remembered it okay Zhou Xiangyang agreed now that you've seen Li Fuching just take him back you can do whatever you want it's fine if he stays in lijiazui I don't care about that brother what's the matter that you're in such a hurry Li Fuching asked deliberately the instant noodles you mentioned our factory is obsessed with them now the factory manager and I didn't sleep last night isn't there a need to rush Li Fuching asked puzzled Zhou Xiangyang sighed and said the main problem is that the news has spread and some leaders from higher up have visited our factory they are very concerned about the progress of our research fouching tell me the truth are you confident if you're not confident it's better to skip it to avoid embarrassingly fouching which would be bad I've already done it upon hearing this Zhou Xiangyang was dumbfounded thinking he must have misheard the factory knows very well how difficult it is to make instant noodles several experienced chefs work day and night but they still can't achieve the desired results and there are always problems but unexpectedly Li Fuching suddenly said this this made them feel somewhat embarrassed after a whole day of hard work you made it Zhou Xiangyang asked his voice trembling the old party secretary standing nearby was completely confused and asked what did you do there is a type of instant noodles that doesn't need to be cooked you can eat it after just soaking it in boiling water for a few minutes this type of noodle is very popular abroad Chapter 88 he rejected all tests for leadership positions the old party secretary understood a little better fooshing have you invented something new again this time it's a kind of instant noodles he couldn't understand why people would boil noodles did foreigners not want to cook noodles did they really need those 10 minutes or so foreigners are actually very efficiency conscious and prioritize speed in everything they do this is why instant noodles and fast food have become popular abroad in a few decades as people in China move towards a fast paced lifestyle fast food culture will also become prevalent Li Fuching then answered Zhou Xiangyang yes I succeeded after a few tries based on the records in the ancient books I also made some improvements it is definitely better than what is available abroad now what are we waiting for come back with me right now the leaders are waiting Zhou Xiangyang quickly pulled Li Fushin along then he slapped his forehead and stuffed all the votes that factory director Wei had given him into Li Fushin's hands our factory manager gave it to me and he also said that once you make the instant noodles you'll get a big reward he originally wanted me to recruit you to the noodle factory and he even promised Zhou Xiangyang rattled off a whole bunch of things like beans the old party secretary and the others standing nearby were shocked there must be at least 20 or 30 tickets they even said they'd reward you handsomely later so all those votes weren't enough to make up for it besides if I went to the noodle factory I could become a leading cadre using this to test the people which people can withstand such a test forget about the noodle factory I'm doing quite well at the steel rolling mill he liked his job as a purchasing agent it was easy and flexible what was so good about being a leader meetings every day were so tedious he didn't want that kind of life at all seeing Li Fuching's resolute refusal and the others were utterly shocked what others would fight tooth and nail for Li Fuching simply didn't care about then went to the noodle factory with Joshuang Yong and asked the old party secretary to tell his grandparents that he might not be back tomorrow he pointed to the mountain behind the factory of course he understood what he meant after Li Fuching left arranged for someone to deliver a message to Li Fuching's grandparents while he himself found more than 10 able bodied men I've called you here because there's something important I need you to do the old party secretary explained in detail it was specifically stated that this was a plan proposed by Li Fuching and everyone was urged to do it well if this were to happen even if their village couldn't achieve true chicken eating freedom they would at least be able to enjoy eggs and chicken from time to time everyone immediately perked up and wanted to hurry up and go to the mountain Jichang you're in charge of this you must get it done as quickly as possible the most important thing is to prevent the chickens from escaping and to prevent any chicken eating creatures from getting in immediately found a reliable person to take charge even if the chickens are free range we can't just ignore them we have to arrange for people to patrol and keep an eye out for those chicken eating creatures especially weasels okay I'll take my men over right away Li Zicheng said and then left with his men encircling the mountain is actually easy the real challenge is getting the chicks Li Fuching is handling the most difficult task now the village is only contributing manpower these days the countryside has no shortage of manpower and manpower is also the least valuable asset the news that Li Fuching had been invited by the noodle factory spread throughout the entire Lichi Oswayng village at an extremely fast pace that's really impressive The Noodle Factory also showed great sincerity not only giving out a lot of votes but also promising cadre positions when the villagers met Li Fushing's grandparents they couldn't help but praise them making Li Fushing's grandparents feel very comfortable and happy on his way back Li Fushing ran into Li Dawei Li Dawei told him about Li Wenbin's visit to him let's go to the noodle factory first Zhou Xiangyang said urgently Li Fushin replied I need to go to my place first the finished product is there okay all the finished products are ready Zhou Xiangyang became increasingly excited on the way he talked with Li Fuching about how to negotiate with the noodle factory even if he is the leader of the noodle factory he still has to help Li Fuching fight for the benefits he deserves since the noodle factory doesn't belong to him personally Zhou Xiangyang said he would definitely pass on Li Fuxing's idea of helping Ligi Oswaying get a few jobs to direct her way being able to produce instant noodles for export doesn't mean having a few jobs the factory will definitely expand its recruitment at that time it will need people no matter what so it's understandable to hire a few people from Ligi Oswaying after arriving at the courtyard house Li Fushing went back inside pretending to go to get the finished product it's simply a matter of opening a few packets of taking out the noodles and then putting the seasoning into a small bottle let's go Li Fushing then said to Li Dawei Dawei go back and tell the section chief first I'll go to the factory later to explain the situation and put his mind at ease okay Li Dawei nodded he admired this 21 year old Uncle Moore and more as several factories were vying to hire him Joe Xiangyang stared at the several flatbreads thinking that they were nothing special except for the wavy noodles and the yellow color urgedly fussing to go to the noodle factory with him I'm afraid the steel rolling mill will come and stop us Li Fuching was after all an employee of the steel rolling mill so he had a valid point in the noodle factory factory Director Wei paced back and forth anxiously glancing at his watch every now and then wondering why Zhou Xiangyang hadn't returned yet several hours had passed surely it shouldn't be this difficult to find someone and he even claimed to be his own brother was he trying to embellish his own image factory manager Director Joe is back someone reported factory Director Way exclaimed excitedly he came back on his own or rather two people have arrived factory Director Way was overjoyed and hurried out to greet him he smiled and reached out from afar Comrade Lee Fushing we've been waiting for you we've been looking forward to it welcome to our noodle factory my surname is Wei then he introduced himself factory Director Wei's eyes were fixed on Li Fushin as if he didn't even see Zhou Xiangyang Li Fushin shook hands with him hello Director Wei Zhou Xiangyang was speechless am I really that insignificant he could only say Fushing has brought the finished products what factory director way was overjoyed it's done Li Fushin said it's done it wasn't too difficult factory director Wei was both amused and exasperated you make it sound so easy but don't they know how difficult it is in their factory Zhou Xiangyang asked Uncle Wei is the leader still at the factory Uncle Wei Li Fuching was somewhat surprised then explained his relationship with factory director Wei in that case Director Wei please don't stand on ceremony with me just call me Fuching factory director Wei was naturally willing to get closer to Li Fuching okay then you can call me Uncle Wei just like Xiang Yong the relationship between the two sides instantly became much closer and the atmosphere became more harmonious replied to Zhou Xiang Yong's question Director Che hasn't left yet let's go see him quickly this is a leader from the ministry even if he's just a director his authority is far greater than that of a mere a deputy factory director was accompanying Director Choi he was sweating profusely feeling nervous and hoping that Director Wei would arrive soon he was under immense pressure Chapter 89 it's confirmed foreigners will definitely like to eat it will it even work Director Wei was also getting anxious he had been in the noodle factory for so long and had watched the noodle making process but there were always problems if it only had some minor flaws that would be fine but the finished product was clearly quite different from the legendary the deputy factory director standing to the side was so nervous his heart was pounding just then factory director Wei arrived with his men and he finally breathed a sigh of relief director Che let me introduce you this is comrade Li Fushing who proposed the development of instant noodles before that he also factory director Wei began to introduce Li Fushing Director Chew hadn't paid much attention at first but when he heard that Li Fuching was the inventor of the hand pump well and the electric kettle he immediately became friendly and started chatting with him Director Chee Comrade Lee Fushing has finished making the instant noodles shall we take a look factory Director Chee asked upon hearing this everyone present including Director Chee was taken aback okay let's get started Director Chee agreed he came to the noodle factory to see real so he could report back what preparations are needed for revival several large bowls and some boiling water then took out several flat breads from the bag and handed one to each of director Che and factory director Wei these are the finished products I made using flour and eggs gave a brief account of the general production process first comes kneading the dough and then what ingredients to add this step is easy many of the experienced chefs present did it better than Li Fuching next comes cutting the noodles which requires shaping them into a wavy shape it wouldn't be difficult for the factory to do something like that the most important part of the process is steaming using steam to heat and cook the noodles whether fried or not all instant noodles have to go through this stage they cannot be eaten immediately after being soaked no wonder it's not cooking well it even needs to be steamed the experienced chefs suddenly understood everyone listened attentively including director Chee Factory Director Wei was all smiles having heard the detailed instructions also offered his suggestions on how to upgrade and transform the machines which was essentially helping their factory set up a production line speak slowly we'll write it down Zhou Xiangyang then came over with bowls chopsticks and hot water let's make two bowls first and show everyone the results everyone nodded in agreement Li Fuching placed the noodles into two bowls then took out a small bottle of seasoning this seasoning is the soul of instant noodles I think that just based on this our instant noodles will stand out Li Fuching knew that the earliest instant noodles did not have seasoning packets the seasoning was added when kneading the dough which made them look rather unappetizing he now takes out the seasoning packet in advance which will definitely make his instant noodles a breeze he poured in the seasonings and added boiling water and the aroma immediately spread making Director Che and the others eyes light up instant noodles are amazing in this respect they smell incredibly delicious but the taste is another story Lee Fushing felt that instant noodles smelled delicious but they didn't taste very good there are many kinds of delicious food and instant noodles have become junk food with no nutritional value it is normal for some people not to like to eat them it smells so good after four or 5 minutes Lee Fushing said director Che you can try it now Director Chwee made the first move he put his chopsticks into the bowl and stirred it the aroma became even stronger and everyone present couldn't help but take a few more sniffs this smells amazing this time they were convinced that foreigners also liked to eat this this further strengthened our confidence in generating foreign exchange Director Chew took a bite and chewed slowly everyone except Lee Fushing stared at Director Chew as he ate his noodles after swallowing Director Che laughed and said no wonder it's called instant noodles there's a reason why foreigners like it he felt that this product like canned goods was a high end product and it was only natural to export it that's right most of the canned goods produced in China are exported to earn foreign exchange in most people's eyes exported goods are high end products if instant noodles were exported they would certainly become a high end product it will be difficult for everyone to taste this instant noodles again only Li Fuching understood that can food and instant noodles are both devoid of nutrition and eating too much of them is bad for your health and several other factory leaders also started eating after trying it Fuching's instant noodles received unanimous approval the seasonings can be packaged in a small bag placed inside and then put in a larger bag on the outside referring to the classic design of instant noodles Director Chew nodded agreeing that Lee Fushing's suggestion was excellent Comrade Fushing why don't you come up with a name Director Chew said it was Lee Fushing who made this so it's not inappropriate for him to name it how about we call it Lee's instant noodles this is clearly an attempt to make Lee Fushing famous but Li Fuching wasn't arrogant he knew that in a few years some time honored brands would have to change their names and Kwan Jude was forced to become a Beijing roast duck restaurant his idea of creating Lee's instant noodles is too high profile how about we call it Hua Sha instant noodles everyone was filled with awe and respect this name sounds classy no doubt about it I also admire Lee Fushing for not seeking fame and for letting go of such a good opportunity to become famous but why is it called instant noodles instead of fast food noodles foreigners eat this kind of noodles mainly for convenience which is why I call it instant noodles but fast food noodles are fine too they each have their advantages in later generations it was also called instant noodles this is a good name Hua Sha Instant Noodles I will report it to my superiors in detail on behalf of the organization I would like to thank Comrade Li Fushing director Che said shaking hands warmly with Li Fushing serving the country and the people is what I should do whilst said Director Trey clapped everyone present joined him in applauding Minister Trey returned to his ministry quickly he had indeed spent too long at the Noodle Factory that day Lee Fushing left behind a piece of flatbread and let Director Chew take the rest Chew liked Lee Fushing's thoughtfulness very much and left him his address before leaving inviting Lee Fushing to visit him at home when he had time this made Director Chew and others extremely envious after seeing off Director Chee Factory director Wei looked at Li Fuqing with great enthusiasm Fuqing come work at our noodle factory I'll make you the workshop foreman right away our products are sure to be exported and the noodle factory status will rise accordingly even if we don't reach the prices of a steel mill with me here before he could finish speaking Li Fuqing politely declined saying Uncle Wei let's forget it I have no plans to leave the steel rolling mill what's so great about being a workshop foreman can't you just not come to work if not then I have absolutely no interest in him Zhou Xiangyang pulled factory director Wai aside Uncle Wai could we do this let Fuchsing hold a signicure position at our factory he won't need to come here regularly but he can still offer some suggestions to the factory Chapter 90 promotion to a higher rank five day holiday granted our factory will definitely expand its recruitment in the future right fushing wants to open a few positions Zhou Xiangyang then started asking for benefits he would have been better off saying those things factory director way immediately thought it was a good idea even with a signicure they could still be considered employees of their noodle factory it wasn't unheard of for someone to hold multiple positions okay let's do it this way I'll take care of the positions when the time comes giving Leifouching a few positions is no problem at all but this can't be done openly as it would have a bad influence when the two returned factory director way said with a smile fushing why don't you take a sinus cure at our factory is this allowed Li fushing asked unsure of the current regulations of course that's fine he'll be the technical advisor alright upon hearing that Li Fushing had agreed factory director Wei was overjoyed and everyone began to chat about how to improve the workshop machines build production lines and so on Li Fushing was after all a time traveler from the future even if he wasn't a professional he could always offer some insightful suggestions I asked the cafeteria to prepare a meal and we can eat and chat at the same time Li Fuching declined saying Uncle Wei we're all family no need to be so polite I still need to go back to the steel rolling mill so let's do it another day I have some other ideas to share with everyone then for example when making cup noodles adding a paper tube and a fork makes instant noodles more convenient this can't be rushed we have to take it slowly we also need to develop more flavors catering to the different needs of each country as someone from a later era Li Feixing is far too familiar with instant noodles our life is just getting started why should we compete with him okay let's talk again later factory director Wai nodded it was enough that Li Fushin agreed to give him a sinecure at their noodle factory talent sharing wasn't out of the question either Zhou Xiangyang saw Li Foching to the door and then talked to him about his job Zhou Xiangyang laughed and said I'm the one thanking you if the steel mill makes things difficult for you we won't put up with that we'll come work at our noodle factory Li Fushin smiled helplessly the steel mill wouldn't make things difficult for him he's already invented two new products for them and they're too busy trying to win him over to make things difficult for him even set up a research lab for him to keep him around after saying goodbye he went to the steel rolling mill the steel rolling mill finally approved a reward for Li Fuching's invention of the fast heating immersion heater at a meeting which included bonuses prizes and a promotion has been with the company for less than a month inside the noodle factory no sooner had Li Fuqing left than Director Wei instructed everyone present to keep it a secret factory Director Wei still has a strong sense of crisis many companies probably want to get involved in exporting products that generate foreign exchange it's not that he's hoarding food if the country requires sharing and other units to work together he would have no complaints and would unconditionally obey orders but if there's no directive from above then only their factory can produce it I think we should apply to change our factory's name to Hua Sha Instant Noodle Factory okay good I'll submit the application and see factory director Wang nodded with the addition of the term hua Sha the overall level of the event is clearly elevated their factory will definitely focus on producing instant noodles so turning it into an instant noodle factory would be a fitting name if Li Fuching knew this he would definitely say this is so low after arriving at the steel rolling mill Fushing was dragged by Lee Wibben to see the leaders section chief Wong director Kai Factory director Lin our steel rolling mill doesn't seem suitable for producing instant noodles at all does it Lee Fushing was speechless were the leaders obsessed with foreign exchange wasn't it called instant noodles both instant noodles and instant noodles can be called that our factory is really not suitable for making this if we really want to export we should develop a targeted product is it reasonable for a steel rolling mill to produce that's ridiculous what suggestions do you have for foisting Director Lynn and the others looked at Lee foisting eagerly let's talk about it later I want to rest for a few days now Lee Fushing does indeed plan to develop new products but it can't be done so quickly it needs to be done slowly many products that are best sellers worldwide can now be produced entirely in my country considering that Lee Fushing had invented three products in a month which was indeed quite a brain drain the factory leaders didn't press him any further just give fushing a leave of absence and let him rest for a few days Director Kai didn't care whether Li Fushing was telling the truth or not as long as Li Fushing wanted to rest he would approve the leave alright then give Comrade Li Fuching a 5 day holiday Director Lynn then went on to mention Li Fuching's reward which was that his work grade was promoted another level we've almost reached our limit if you want to get promoted you'll have to follow the assessment standards there was also a 100 dollar bonus various receipts and even an electric fan they gave away quite a lot of things factory manager could you give me an electric kettle I'm thinking of taking one back to the village school for use Lee Fushing then went on to explain the difficulties faced by the Ligi Oswayng school director Lynn immediately nodded in agreement this was originally produced by their factory and it was invented by Lee Fushing so it's only right to award one Lee Fushing's request was not for his own benefit I think we should donate an electric kettle for thermos flasks and some pencils and notebooks directly to LG Oswayne School in the name of our steel rolling mill Director Lynn said deciding to be generous to the end even though Li Fuching didn't really care about these rewards he still pretended to thank all the leaders organizations and the country Director Lynn and the others exchanged bewildered glances from now on I'll just let you speak directly after receiving the reward Li Fuching left immediately as he couldn't attend the class any longer Li Fuching didn't need to worry about the items donated to the school by the steel mill he could simply have ledawe send them back as soon as Lee Fushing left the factory's loudspeaker came on three times announcing Lee Fushing's violation of the factory's red lines and the factory's commendation for him Master Sue is Lee Fushing one of your colleagues the old man smiled and said yes he's an outstanding young man from our institute he then started boasting feeling quite proud of himself the workers in the workshop were all incredibly envious they wished Li Fushing were one of them even if they couldn't get any benefits from him just bragging about him would be wonderful as Li Fushing entered the courtyard the women there all assumed he had bought all the things he was carrying when they saw how many they had brought fouching why did you buy so much stuff even an electric fan this must be expensive this was the first electric fan in their courtyard of course it wasn't that the people in the courtyard couldn't afford it they just couldn't bear to part with it an electric fan is quite expensive like bicycles and radios it's a big ticket item that can cost hundreds of you on Li Fushing said it wasn't bought it was a reward from the factory after he finished speaking the courtyard immediately fell silent in less than a month how many awards has Li Fushing received the first time was with a hand pump well and the factory and the neighborhood both gave out rewards with bonuses alone amounting to several hundred yuan which most of them knew Chapter 91 better to revive the first victim in the compound appears Li Fuching didn't hide anything lest he be suspected of being wealthy if he ate something nice thus causing himself trouble is this a reward for inventing a fast heating immersion heater someone asked almost everyone knows about electric kettles now the steel rolling mill's recent expansion was to produce electric kettles according to everyone who had recently started working there furthermore Li Fuching had even demonstrated how to use the kettle to boil water in the yard which they all witnessed that's right everyone praised him and cast envious glances at Li Fushin barring any unforeseen circumstances the young people in the compound will likely receive another lecture tonight everyone compares their children to others who are talented and capable the damage caused by this contrast is enormous Li Fuching brought the electric fan home followed by a string of people who all wanted to see it just come and watch everyone Li Fuching simply called everyone into the house then plugged in the power turned on the switch and the electric fan started running with a buzzing sound as the speed increased the wind it blew out also became stronger electric fans are nice but they're quite expensive and require electricity most of the onlookers were reluctant to spend money to buy one they also believed that buying a bicycle is far better than buying an electric fan although bicycles are slightly more expensive they are much more useful and convenient for getting around but this was a reward from the steel rolling mill to leave Fushin which didn't cost any money or require any tickets so no one had anything to say about it besides Li Fuching already has a bicycle looking at the decoration of this house I wonder which family's daughter will marry into this family and enjoy a life of luxury if Lau Lee doesn't make proper arrangements then these aunties will all try to introduce Li Fushing to one of their own nieces or something after thinking about it still decided not to bring the electric fan back to the village the electricity in Lgios Wang is already unstable and often goes out if a high powered appliance like an electric fan causes a malfunction it would be a huge loss if we want to stabilize the electricity supply we need to make Ligi Oswayng prosperous first the villagers will be reluctant to use electricity and it will be meaningless for the power company to stabilize the power lines Li Fushin wants to ensure a stable power supply in the short term and currently the only way is to build his own small generator generators are not as high end as people imagine Li Fuching can now make a rudimentary version himself using materials as dusk approached the steel mill workers gradually left work bringing with them that Li Fuching had been commended by the factory and the courtyard was once again abuzz with excitement Lee Fushing's rewards included not only the prizes but also bonuses and a promotion Lee Fushing has been promoted to ranks since he became a full fledged employee right that's incredibly fast like flying it's been less than a month everyone understands the reason for the promotion and knows that there's no controversy surrounding this reward anyone who makes that kind of contribution will definitely receive the same reward all of this is rightfully leifushings mom why did you suddenly hit me the first victim appeared quickly being chased and beaten by his mother the ant scolded we pay the same amount of money to go to school but fooshing is so successful while you just lase around all day you may not be as good as others but you're way too far behind the same phone other people's phones have a whole range of functions like games and cameras while yours can only make and receive calls even though you paid the same amount of money how can you not be angry they're products from completely different eras after a while Lu Cheng yuan returned to the courtyard he had made thorough preparations for his trip to Ljubljane and had even spent some money to bring good food for his underlings if conditions allowed he would even don the imperial robe Lu Cheng yuan is now very popular in Ljubljane and the villagers treat him with great kindness this is partly because he is Li Fuqing's childhood friend and buddy and partly because he gets along very well with the village children but as soon as he stepped through the door a huge broom fell in front of him he was hit several times for no reason I was completely stunned what happened he didn't do anything wrong one second he was savoring the thrill of being the boss the next he was jolted back to reality it was like being doused with a bucket of cold water instantly bringing him back to his senses after making some inquiries he Learned that he wasn't the only one who had been beaten that's good everyone else got beaten up which means he didn't get beaten up but he still went to Li Fuching's house I don't know what's gotten into my mother insisting on comparing me to you Luchin Yuwen said helplessly why does she dare to compare herself to others like this doesn't she know what kind of thing she gave birth to we paid the same amount of money to go to school but I was born underweight how can you blame the product for this hardware problem shouldn't the manufacturer be blamed can't you shut up even if you're eating Lee Fushing laughed he and Lu Cheng yuan were eating watermelon the watermelon was chilled by him he cut it up put it in a bowl and added ice cubes the source of the ice cubes was naturally unknown but Lu Cheng yuan was too lazy to ask as long as there was food he was fine with it and didn't bother to be polite with Lee Fushing it's so refreshing to have something icy on this hot day Luchin Yuwen said grabbing a few ice cubes and putting them in his mouth chewing them along with the watermelon it was simply awesome there are still large blocks of ice in the kitchen if you want some you can take one with you later the weather is so hot and humid it's really unbearable without air conditioning now that we have a fan at home and we put some ice in the room it's not much less effective than an air conditioner that's how life should be I won't stand on ceremony I'll bring one with me later Lu Ching yuen chuckled he went into the kitchen and saw that the two ice blocks were very large about 40 or 50 centimeters long and couldn't help but grin Li Fushin shook his head helplessly is a piece of ice really worth laughing like this you're acting like an idiot no wonder your mother beats you it seems my main account is useless I might as well create a new one and train it just bring it with you these ice cubes only cost one cent each on Pinduoduo if it weren't for the fact that he couldn't clearly explain their origin in Ligi Oswayng he would have bought 10 or eight cubes long ago to help his grandparents cool off in the summer Lu Cheng Yun stopped eating the watermelon quickly grabbed a block of ice went out into the yard and called the children over Li Fuching was both amused and exasperated he originally asked Luching Yuan to take the ice home to cool things down but unexpectedly he took it out to eat and each of his loyal underlings got a piece it's not everyone's fault it's just that in the middle of summer there's nowhere to get ice although ice cubes can't compare to popsicles there's still a delicious way for children to cool off in the summer a single cube in their mouth brings instant comfort leifushin sighed as he watched the children eat ice if any of these children get diarrhea lurching you in you're in for a world of trouble meanwhile Li Dawei rode his tricycle back to Ligi Oswayng with the supplies donated by the steel mill such as electric kettles and thermos flasks Dawei Fushing bought so much stuff again Li Jiguang was shocked Li Fuqing's concern for the school even exceeded that of him the Principal Chapter 92 a model of unity between workers and peasants Li Dawei said it was an uncle 21 who bought it but it's related to him he invented the electric kettle and when the factory gave him a bonus he talked to the factory leaders about the difficulties our village school was facing uncle 21 originally just wanted an electric kettle but our factory director was very generous he donated all these things to the school in the name of the steel rolling mill everyone around was full of praise fooshing is truly capable after exchanging just a few words the factory leaders donated so much stuff to the school which shows that has a lot of influence in the steel rolling mill and the leaders all have to listen to him upon hearing that it was a donation Li Jiguang immediately smiled okay Dawei are you going back tonight he asked Li Dawei said I'm not going back uncle 21 told me I can't walk at night he didn't really feel anything but since his 21st uncle said so he just had to obey okay I'll write a thank you letter tonight and you can take it to the leaders of the steel rolling mill for me tomorrow okay I'll definitely bring it I can just drop it off on my way besides that's how it should be done the donated items might not mean much to the steel mill but since the school accepted them they should thank them regardless of their value basic manners are essential everyone work together to unload everything from the tricycle including an electric kettle three thermos flasks 20 boxes each of chalk and pencils and several notebooks the steel rolling mill is indeed a large factory they really spend lavishly the school can use these things that were removed for a semester after tidying up his things Li Jiguang hurriedly went back to write a thank you letter which lasted for four or five thousand words after finishing it he read it over several times to make sure there were no problems around 10 p m he hurriedly delivered it to Li Daiwei you mustn't forget to bring it David he instructed Li Daiwei nodded I definitely won't forget I'll definitely hand it over to our factory leaders the next day just as dawn broke Li Daiwei set off for the city with the help of an electric fan and ice Li Fuching had the best sleep heed had since transmigrating and it was quite comfortable Today's 1 cent flash sale is for 10 pounds of red dates this is a good thing for replenishing Chi and blood I should take it back for my grandparents to eat Li Fuching quickly ate breakfast and then bought an ice cream on pendoduo it tasted pretty good Lee Daiway immediately handed the thank you letter written by Lee Ji guan to Lee Wenben Lee Wibben then delivered it to section chief Wong who in turn gave it to Director Kai and finally Director Kai gave it to factory director Lynn Director Lynn read the letter very carefully I realized I had done something quite meaningful he originally donated those things out of respect for Li Fuching and never thought about giving anything in return that little bit of stuff was nothing but to his surprise the school sent him a thank you letter of four or five the content was written in a very simple style but the emotions were very sincere and he was moved by it factory director Lynn immediately sent section chief Zhu from the publicity department to post the letter of thanks on the factory's bulletin board so that everyone could see it wait have someone from the broadcasting station read it aloud during lunch break Director Lynn instructed okay I'll arrange it right away section chief Ju nodded in agreement this letter of thanks is a prime example of the close bond between workers and peasants and it deserves to be widely publicized it's a shame their factory doesn't have its own newspaper otherwise it would have easily been a full page report this is very helpful in enhancing the workers sense of collective honor imagine that their factory helped a school in distress so that the children could continue their education as a member of the factory wouldn't you feel honored people still value a sense of honor quite a bit section chief Zhu immediately arranged for the people at the broadcasting station to make a copy first and the original had to be kept in the factory's archives which was of great significance what was posted on the bulletin board was of course a copy at lunchtime the workers rushed to the canteen how could they not be eager to eat after a morning of work they were all very hungry the workers were discussing what they would eat at the factory for lunch to be honest resources were scarce in those days and the canteens couldn't do much they cooked the same things over and over again and Chinese cabbage was the most abundant vegetable so naturally it was the most consumed why are we eating cabbage again when can we have meat again some people felt nauseous just looking at the cabbage as long as we have something to eat why are we complaining so much many farmers don't even have wild vegetables to eat while everyone was eating the announcer's sweet voice came through the loudspeaker their steel Mills announcer is not only beautiful but also has a lovely voice she's widely recognized as the factory's most beautiful girl and many people are pursuing her good afternoon fellow workers next I will read a letter of thanks from LG Oswayng School just yesterday our factory leaders the announcer recounted the whole story and then began reading the thank you letter the workers were full of praise their factory had donated supplies to a school in need ensuring that the children of the farmers could have access to education now the school has sent a letter of thanks expressing gratitude not only to the factory leaders but also to the grassroots workers everyone instantly felt a great sense of honor the letter of thanks was filled with gratitude for the workers at the steel rolling mill the sincere wording coupled with the announcer's emotional reading deeply moved all the workers in the factory the canteens of the steel rolling mill fell silent amidst the sound of reading aloud after the announcer finished reading the letter enthusiastic applause erupted in the great our factory has done a wonderful thing yes when our fellow farmers are in trouble we as their older working class brothers should lend a helping hand and other leaders naturally saw the results and were very satisfied the items donated to L G Oswayng were excellent value for money it achieved three goals at once this not only made Li Fuching look good but also helped the school and greatly encouraged the factory workers if this gets out it will become a celebrated story for their steel mill and LG Oswayng School if it spreads outside the factory leaders will naturally benefit as well it can enhance prestige not only for the steel mill but also for its leaders if the higher UPS find out they will look at their factory with new respect and have a better impression of them which will greatly benefit their future advancement I propose that we continue this practice and donate to a school every year to help our farmers they donated items from the steel rolling mill and they didn't seem to care about the cost why not use steel mill products to enhance one's reputation Director Lynn and the others agreed that it made sense it was essential to continue doing good things like this the more they did the more attention the higher UPS would notice okay I agree Director Lynn immediately made the decision Chapter 93 with meat chicken and eggs even the whole compound is drooling we'll discuss a plan at tomorrow's meeting to make this a fine tradition of our steel rolling mill we must strictly implement the policy of large scale cooperation between industry and agriculture from above Director Lynn continued and one could only say that he was indeed a director Li Fuqing is handing out ice cream to the children even though these kids live in the city they've never tasted such delicious ice cream they usually eat popsicles made with sugar syrup which are just slightly sweet but are essentially still ice even so the children still really love popsicles these popsicles must be expensive right a woman in the courtyard asked although they weren't very knowledgeable these popsicles looked expensive they had an outer layer made of some unknown material and the inside was milky white looking like it was made of milk revival is truly generous I don't know if it's expensive or not it's not sold outside this was specially given to me by a friend it's called ice cream and it's very similar to the ice cream at Lao Emo restaurant no sooner had he finished speaking than a little boy started crying he had accidentally dropped a piece of ice cream his mother immediately said quickly pick it up and eat it later generations pass down the so called three second rule as long as you're on the ground for no more than three seconds you're not dirty 30 seconds doesn't matter at all it would be such a waste not to pick them up and eat them the women urged their children to eat quickly and not to lick it back and forth because they would be heartbroken if even a drop fell on the ground they all thought this ice cream was a special product which was why they had never seen it outside as Fuchsing just mentioned the ice cream is similar to regular ice cream but that's only available at Old Mo Restaurant ordinary people aren't even qualified to go in let alone eat it their children were able to eat thanks to Li Fuching after the children finished eating they licked the sticks until they were tasteless but they were reluctant to throw them away everyone was still a little unsatisfied evenly fusing couldn't resist the deliciousness of ice cream let alone these children the women all told their children not to talk about it outside the ice cream was a gift from Li Fushing's friend who knows if it was taken from inside the company if it gets investigated wouldn't that implicate the person in the incident Li Fushing didn't think it was a big deal anyway it was all over so who could check nowadays there are no cell phones to take pictures and cameras are extremely rare if you can't produce any evidence what's the point of saying anything but Li Fuching still thought when it comes to safety Ligi Oswayng is still the best place you can eat whatever you want without any problems the village is full of his men it's like an iron plate it's not easy for a newcomer to enter the village last time if Luchin Yun hadn't been with him Joe Xiang Yong probably wouldn't have even been able to get into the village even though the people in the courtyard were all quite friendly to him the courtyard was too small to keep his secrets hidden so if we want to eat good food in the future we'll have to go back to L G Oswayng as for the Courtyard House it won't be a problem if he eats a few good meals now and then after all Li Fushing has received several awards which is public knowledge what's wrong with eating a few good meals Li Fuching rode his bicycle outside for a while on his way back the shopping basket on the back of the bicycle had been filled with more things 5 pounds of fatty meat 4 pounds of eggs two chickens and some scattered vegetables he stopped at the entrance of courtyard number 65 Auntie is Dawei home asked an auntie at the entrance of number 65 Courtyard Fushin is here Dawei is at home he took the day off today and his mother is here too the woman was very happy her gaze falling on the things behind Li Fushin's car wait a moment I'll go get Dawei they all already knew that lidaway was treating everyone in the courtyard to dinner tonight and because of this Lidaway's mother and sister also came all the way from the village my younger brother is still in school so he couldn't come along there happened to be a chef living in courtyard number 65 so Li Dawei specially invited him to help with cooking and the chef Mr Li readily agreed after lunch they waited for Li Fushings ingredients when Li Dawei's mother and sister arrived at the courtyard house and saw the house that belonged to Li Dawei they now had a house in the city in the traditional Chinese mindset owning a house means having a place to settle down and make a living if you don't have a house you're ashamed to say you've settled down somewhere as soon as Lidaway's mother entered the courtyard she started bustling around cleaning the house spotless and chatting with the women in the courtyard all knew about the relationship between Li Dawei and Li Fushin so of course they wouldn't look down on Dawei's mother's rural background they chatted enthusiastically and even said they would introduce Dawei to potential partners Aunt Wu I'm here Li Dawei quickly greeted Li Fushin uncle 21 Li Fushin nodded let's move the things inside 21 Li Dawei walked over with a smile slow down there are eggs in the basket Li Fushin instructed good Li Daiwei's mother also came out of the yard upon hearing the noise equally grateful to Li Fushin Chef Liu also came out with her helping Li Daiwei carry the shopping basket fouching bring your bicycle in the people in courtyard number 65 were very enthusiastic Li Fouqing laughed and said no need it's so close by I'll just go back and drop off the car and come over after Li Dawei and the others arrived in the yard they took out all the vegetables from the top these vegetables were very fresh and looked very tender next take the eggs Chef Liu with his extensive experience was able to roughly estimate the weight of the eggs with just one bite it must weigh at least 5 pounds there's a lot of stuff here it's meat chicken and fish too your uncle 21 really treats you well Chef Liu exclaimed such a wide variety of food is extremely difficult to find right now even with money you might not be able to buy it you also need ration coupons and even with coupons you might not be able to buy this much even his own father wouldn't have been as dedicated and devoted as his 21st uncle would he Li Dawei laughed and said my 21st uncle is really good to me his mother agreed not only finding him a job but also helping him with housing even though it cost money everyone knew the going rate for those jobs but I feel a little sorry for him so much food was used to treat others to a meal even if it wasn't bought by my son I still have to repay the favor the children in the yard who weren't in school were all drawn over staring longingly at the meat many people haven't tasted meat for months Master Liu then started working with the women in the yard helping him while working Master Liu asked Li Daiwei Daiwei have you finished all of these things Li Dawei was also conflicted if he did both he would feel bad he had suffered a lot growing up and of course he was reluctant to endure so much hardship at once just as he was wondering what to do Li Fuching's voice came in I've done everything so I'll treat everyone to a meal of course I can't be stingy please take good care of Dawei's family Li Fuching said upon hearing what uncle 21 said Li Dawei immediately said Uncle Liu let's do it all great impressive master Liu praised with a smile the rest of the people in the courtyard began to respond to Li Fuxing's words Chapter 94 hope for a dual earning family they said that from now on Dawei would be a member of their number 65 compound and they would take care of him and stand up for him if he needed anything Li Dawei had completely integrated into the compound sister in law you've been here for a while Li Fushin greeted Li Dawei's mother with a smile Li Fushin has many such elderly women many of whom have turned white haired it wasn't too early I worked in the fields for half a day and then ate at the village canteen before bringing Shao Ran over thank you so much 21st brother she got a letter of introduction from the old and the mother and daughter came over I'll still need Dauwei to help me with chores it's a blessing for him to do the work said Li Dauwei's mother Li Fuching looked at Shao Ren who was working and asked Shao Ren how old are you this year Shao Ran didn't know why uncle 21 suddenly asked about her age but she still answered I'm 16 this year uncle 21 two years younger than my brother a woman in the courtyard joked what's going on is fushin trying to find a boyfriend for his niece we were just saying we wanted to introduce one to Shaoran upon hearing this Shao Rans face immediately turned red Li Daiwei's mother however was very much looking forward to it the 21st brother introduced him so he's absolutely reliable she didn't even need to think about it Li Fuqing said helplessly Shao Ran is only 16 it's too early to introduce her to a boyfriend she should work in the factory for a few years first go to work in a factory everyone was stunned a young girl from the village working in a factory everyone knew very well getting a job in a factory was extremely difficult they had tried everything to find a position but even then it was very hard even jobs like sweeping the streets or carrying manure have long queues these days Shao Ran looked at Li Fushin in disbelief the noodle factory might be hiring in a few days I'll do my best to see if I can get you a job but don't tell anyone in the village yet Li Fushin decided to do a favor for the family in house number 65 by revealing the news in fact the news would have come out a few days later fushing are you serious all eyes in the courtyard immediately turned to Li fushing Li Fushing said of course it's true but everyone should keep quiet about it tell outsiders they'd be too busy hiding it to tell anyone the more people who know the more competition there will be who would be that stupid of course not the people in the courtyard rarely showed any excitement their joy at hearing this news was even greater than their joy at the banquet that evening every household needs jobs now Li Dawei his mother and his sister Shao Ran were all stunned by the unexpected good news Li Dawei asked uncle 21 how much will it cost no matter what even if he had to sell everything he owned he would raise enough money for his sister he knew all too well how rare such an opportunity was we'll talk about it later I'll pay you in advance and you two siblings can pay me back little by little each month we definitely can't give it away for free this time we'll just follow the market trend when Li Fuqing thought about how Li Dawei's father was a combat hero who sacrificed his life in the Korean War he felt an unconscious bias towards the family Li Dawei's mother's eyes were a little red two workers in one family she doesn't even dare to have such dreams when she sleeps Shaoran was also very excited she had previously envied her older brother for becoming a worker able to eat government subsidized food and live in the city but she never imagined that such happiness would suddenly fall into her lap this was all thanks to uncle 21 Chef Liu's professional skills are indeed top notch the dishes he makes are all excellent although they may not look as appealing the taste is undeniable there aren't many fancy features Li Fuching couldn't help but praise Chef Liu your cooking skills are truly excellent Master Liu was very pleased to hear this but he remained these are all basic skills to do this job you have to he then began to talk about himself how he started learning the trade at a young age how he first chopped vegetables and then tossed the wok how he worked as an apprentice for several years before his master was satisfied and began to teach him how to cook and so on being a chef is extremely tough in the early stages it's like working for free for your master although there is some income it's shockingly low few people can persevere in such an environment putting everything else aside just take this vegetable chopping technique for example I practiced it for two whole years master loose side I'm sick of cutting cabbage every day everyone thinks being a chef is a good job because it means you can at least eat during times of famine but who knows the hardships a chef endures Master Liu couldn't resist picking up a kitchen knife and brandishing it a few times showing off his skills to everyone as night fell the old man and others from courtyard number 65 also went home after get off work they didn't come empty handed they each brought a bottle of liquor including ergo 2 and sheffing there were four tables set up in total with two chickens serving half on each table all stewed with mushrooms there was also pork stew with cabbage a huge pot enough to ensure everyone in the courtyard could have a bowl come on let's all raise our glasses to welcome Dawei to our compound from now on we're all in the same compound so let's help each other and be united and friendly an old man raised his glass we should not mention the house again from now on everyone was quite sensible with Li Fuxing and director Chen standing behind Li Dawei who would be foolish enough to cause him trouble moreover he's very good at interpersonal relationships treating everyone to a meal if anyone comes to cause trouble again then they are being unreasonable Uncle E is right Uncle Air and Uncle San agreed in unison everyone followed the three old men in expressing their opinions Li Dawei understood that everyone was mainly doing it out of respect for Li Fuqing a child accidentally choked on a fish so someone brought him some vinegar gave him a sip and then he ate a big bite of steamed bun eat slowly the child is still a bit impatient Li Fuqing said some dishes were left over and Li Fuqing did not decide what to do with them for Li Dawei but Li Dawei thought that since they had already eaten so much meat they wouldn't be short of leftovers so he simply let the older woman and the others share them the older women were all very happy and helped tidy up Li Fuqing said to Li Dawei don't worry about those little things I have something to tell you tomorrow so don't rush off to work it's time for Li Daiwei to help him make money okay Li Daiwei nodded in agreement upon hearing that his uncle 21 wanted him to do something he was not only not bothered but also very happy just like his mother had said being able to help uncle 21 with something was a blessing for him my younger sister still needs to rely on uncle 21 for her job Li Dawei's mother and sister also didn't return to the village they planned to stay in the city for one night the children in the family were entrusted to the villagers for care in advance after the people in the courtyard left they started talking about the news that Li Fushin had revealed the noodle factory might expand its workforce whenever a factory expands its workforce the hearts of millions of families become anxious the policy of sending people to the countryside was introduced because there were too few jobs in the city to support so many people rural areas have served as a safety net for my country's development Chapter 95 bringing peanut oil to the door what can't be accomplished at Li Dawei's home the brother and sister listened to their mother talk of course about the noodle factory's recruitment they certainly cherished this hard one opportunity with Li Fushings help their chances should be very high the immediate concern is how to repay Li Fushings money and favors their mother was planning that once Shao Ran started working the two siblings would each contribute 10 yuan to pay Li Fushin back every month when I first started working before I became a permanent employee the salary wasn't high around 17 or 18 yuan that should have been enough for living expenses about 7 or 8 yuan left if you pay 20 yuan each month that's 240 yuan a year and you can pay it off in three or four years 7 or 800 you won that should be the price right they inquired with someone a few days ago and found that the normal price for a position is around this number now that you're at work you have to work hard and strive to become permanent employees that way you can get promoted your salary will be better and you won't have to work so hard anymore Li Daiwei's mother said earnestly not only do you have to pay back your 21st uncle but you two siblings also have to save some money for your brother he will need to work in the future and you two siblings will have to prepare the money for his job don't worry mother hearing her son and daughter's promises Li Daiwei's mother smiled and nodded she knew her own children well if they made a promise they would definitely keep it while her education may not be the best their character is sound at least she taught her children to be filial kind and grateful and to know how to be good people even if she goes down to the underworld she can still give an account to her husband and the ancestors of the Lee family remember before his mother could finish speaking Li Dawei said you should listen to uncle 21 yes that's it Li Dawei's mother nodded with a smile very satisfied Shao Ran and her mother hurriedly headed to Lijiazui her mother repeatedly warned her not to reveal anything about the noodle factory and not to cause trouble for her 21st brother of course I won't tell anyone Lee Fuchsing opened his eyes and the first thing he did was buy something from the one cent flash sale section today's item is 10 pounds of honey this is good stuff keep it for future use he then got up washed up and ate a few steamed buns and a bowl of porridge uncle 21 when Lee Fuchsing saw Lee Dawway coming over he said come with me he took LED away to Lu Ching Yun's house where there were still a lot of supplies including oil and meat LED away was surprised to see so many things although he knew that uncle 21 had powerful friends it seems that he underestimated their abilities I don't feel safe leaving all of Fuqing's things with me Luching Yun said although he had to lock the door every time he went out and none of his family members had the key this wasn't a long term solution he thought that finding a place outside specifically to store his supplies would be the best option even if someone finds out it won't affect anyone else Li Fuching had certainly considered this point after thinking for a moment he said that makes sense I'll find another place when I have time Lu Cheng Yun wanted to say something but he didn't speak just say what you have to say why are you beating around the bush luching yuan then said I know a friend whose ancestral home is a detached house I've been there with him and it even has a basement I think it would be perfect for storing supplies Li Fushin narrowed his eyes slightly upon hearing this is this friend reliable Luchin Yun noticed Li Fuching's worry and said my friend is very reliable he is about to leave Beijing for the northeast therefore I want to dispose of the ancestral home the price isn't too high how much do you want 900 I have a good relationship with him so I can negotiate the price further Luching Un said that sounds pretty good why don't you go and have a chat with him by the way when is he leaving they can move to northeast China that's truly enviable currently the northeast is the place in China where people don't go hungry thanks to its fertile black soil and developed industry with the large scale exploitation of the Dodong oil field the area will become even more prosperous it should be something that happens in the next few days otherwise they wouldn't be in such a hurry to deal with the ancestral home and then asked Luching Un to discuss the matter in detail he turned to Li Dawei and said Dawei don't go to the countryside to buy things anymore they've dug up all the wild vegetables and tree bark there so there won't be anything to eat just take some things from there to the factory from time to time okay Li Dawei nodded in agreement without asking any questions he knew that his 21st uncle wouldn't harm him this is clearly helping him it saves him the trouble of going to the countryside to find supplies and he can easily meet the factory's procurement targets allowing him to be promoted to a permanent position isn't this helping him Li Fuching liked people who didn't talk much the most work hard and get promoted as soon as possible you can decide what to bring and how much to bring each time Li Fuching knew that Li Dawei was a smart and steady man I understand uncle 21 Li Fuching grabbed some sausages and a £1 bottle of peanut oil and went to an old man's house he had told the old man a few days ago that he needed to see him are you home mumbled papa when the old woman saw Li Fushing arrive with sausages and oil she immediately beamed with joy she knew he must have something to discuss with her husband and these things were all for his family he's at home no wonder he's not in a hurry to go to work he's still waiting for you to return to work an older woman said with a smile Li Fucheng gave the things to the old woman and then went inside an elderly man was sorting out Chinese medicines neatly putting them into medicine boxes which filled four or five boxes Grandpa Li Fushing stepped forward an old man turned around and said fushing is here we'll set off in a bit okay Li Fushing agreed the old woman put everything in the kitchen and didn't stand on ceremony with Li Fushing this was the reward for asking her husband to do something and there was nothing shameful about taking it these sausages look delicious and this bottle of peanut oil must weigh about a pound that should last their family for a while not long after Li Dawei also came in an older woman recognized Li Dawei and knew his relationship with Li Fushin so she poured water for them both you don't need to bother an old lady like this she's not thirsty right now Li Fuqing said a dozen minutes later the old man finished his work and his medicine boxes were full of medicine he had accepted Li Fuqing's invitation a few days ago to practice medicine in Lijiazui all right let's go said Qin Chongying an old man he had specifically asked the factory for leave yesterday but when the factory Learned that he had been invited by Lee Fushing to practice medicine in LG Oswayng they directly changed the assignment to send comrade Qin Chongying to the countryside to support the medical and health services in LG Oswayng Director Lynn and his colleagues held a meeting and decided that the steel rolling mill would provide targeted support to Ligi Oswayng once the vegetables currently being grown in Ligi Oswayng are harvested the steel rolling mill will purchase them all with Li Fushing in charge upon hearing what the old man said Li Fushing and Li Dawei move their medicine kits onto the tricycle Li Fuqing rode his bicycle with an elderly man on the back while Li Dawei rode a tricycle carrying a medicine box the three of them then embarked on their journey to Ligi Oswayng Chapter 96 Fuqing could be the village chief of Ligi Oswayng without any problem meanwhile in Ligi Oswayng arranged for someone to clean up an empty house which contained a large room and two small rooms there were stools on both sides of the room a large cabinet in the corner and a table in the middle the two rooms are furnished with beds and kitchenware serving as a bedroom and a kitchen respectively if a doctor is willing to come and work in their Ligi Oswayng village they will definitely welcome him warmly after Li Fuqing sent Li Dawei's mother back with a message the old party secretary began preparations the empty house though simple was kept very clean in the future if someone from Ligi Oswayng gets sick they won't have to go to Shihua Commune anymore would try to secure medical benefits for the village just a few days ago he overheard a group of elderly people listening to the radio at his house saying that as people get older they always have various health problems he then thought of his grandparents and decided to take them to the city hospital for a medical checkup however considering their personalities Li Fuching changed his mind and directly asked the doctor to come to the village regularly for a few days to help the elderly in the village see a doctor and prescribe medicine do everything carefully the old party secretary instructed since returning to their village after the revival Ligi Oswayng has been getting better and better first they eliminated the food shortage problem and then they helped their village get some farmland in the riverbed providing them with a way to generate income then came the issue of schooling we helped the village rebuild its school ensuring that the children had access to education and were well fed and clothed now they've even brought in doctors for the village so villagers can see a doctor without leaving the village to be honest Li Fuching has excellent prestige in the village if he wanted to become the village chief he would not face any obstacles at all and the old party secretary would give him his full support but Fuchsing is now a proud steel mill worker so of course he won't go back to the village to be the village chief the workers are much better than the village officials after tidying up the clinic area LED people to the village entrance to greet them is the revival referring to today the old party secretary asked Li Daiwei's mother again to confirm yes the 21st brother is today more than 10 minutes later Li Fushin and the others arrived Li Fuqing rode his bicycle ahead with Qin Chongqing in tow while Li Dawei followed behind on a tricycle carrying a medicine box Qin Chongqing was deeply moved when he saw how much the village valued him it seemed like half the village had come to welcome him after getting off the bus he shook hands with the old party secretary and others to get to know them the leaders of the steel rolling mill have arranged for me to come to Ljljane twice a week to hold clinics and help everyone with their medical needs Qing Chonging conveyed the factory's goodwill the old party secretary clapped his hands on behalf of all the villagers of Lggyas Wang I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to the leaders of the steel rolling mill for their help and support to Lggyas Wang then the old party secretary took Chin Chongying to the clinic they had set up and told Chin Chongying to just let him know what he needed and that as long as it was something that L G Oswayng could do they would do it immediately secretary you're too kind this place is perfect we have everything we need I have a spare thermos I'll bring it over later sir please come to my house for dinner first he invited them so of course he had to treat them well Chin Chongying didn't stand on ceremony okay he then took out the medicines one by one from the medicine box and placed them on the cabinet let's see the elderly person for medical treatment first today the old party secretary nodded okay I'll make the arrangements unless it's a particularly urgent illness young people aren't allowed to get involved today everyone in the village understands that fushing invited the doctor back to hold regular clinics in their village so that it would be more convenient for the elderly to see a doctor uncle if you need any medicine just tell me and I'll try to get it Li Fushing said to Chin Chongqing Qing Chongqing knew that Li Fuqing wasn't bragging he knew some capable people who might actually be able to find some rare medicines okay I'll let you know if you need anything I need someone to help me out preferably someone quick witted Qing Chongqing said he has to see doctors and prescribe medicine and he can't manage it all by himself am I capable I know some traditional Chinese medicine a young man stepped forward when Li Feixing looked he saw it was Daguan Dai Kai's younger brother you know Chinese medicine I'll have to test you an old man became interested and wanted to put Daguan to the test if you really know about Chinese medicine that would be perfect you'd be just the right person to be his assistant Chin Chongging then had to guan identify the herbs and tested his ability to catch them a few minutes later Qin Chang'an was very satisfied with De Guan's performance the old party secretary then said in that case De Guan can stay here and help out the village will also give you work points Li Fushin however seemed to be deep in thought Qing Chongqing smiled and patted De Guan on the shoulder to show his approval excellent you have a remarkable talent in medicine what's your name Qing Chongqing's admiration was evident in his words thank you for the compliment Dr Qin my name is Li Daoguang Li Daoguang was very happy after his abilities were recognized he then agreed to the old party secretary's arrangement at this moment Li Fushin suddenly said uncle would you like to take on an apprentice the surroundings fell silent Lydaw Wan was very much looking forward to it he had wanted to become a doctor since he was a child he had previously followed a barefoot doctor up the mountain to collect and identify medicinal herbs however the barefoot doctor did not accept apprentices sulidawan was unable to learn more from him which he greatly regretted the old party secretary looked at Qin Chongying with the same great anticipation De Guan is from their ljubljanswane village and it's certainly the best thing that someone from their own village has become a doctor everyone around them was very envious if he really becomes an apprentice De Guan will have established a connection with the steel Mills clinic in the future he can not only learn medical skills but may even work at the steel mill wouldn't that make him a winner in life Qing Chongqing was stunned if someone else said that even if he didn't refuse he would need to think about it carefully he wouldn't agree too easily but this was Li Fushing's suggestion and he wanted to give Li Fushing face he himself also wanted to get closer to Li Fushing and now that Li Fushing had presented him with this opportunity he naturally had to take it otherwise he wouldn't have been able to come to L G Oswayng to practice medicine moreover he truly admired Lee Dong wan and believed that he was very suitable for studying medicine you know what I actually have that idea Xin Chengying said with a smile seeing that Le Dawg Wan was still standing there dumbfounded Le Fushion kicked him Le Dawg Wan then realized what was happening and was overjoyed he immediately knelt down and called him master don't rush this apprenticeship ceremony should be quite grand I'll talk to your father and ask him to set up a few tables for a banquet at noon you'd better study hard Li Fuching said the old man was very satisfied with what he heard kneeling down and cow towing a few times to become an apprentice is indeed too simple when he was studying medicine it was incredibly difficult even if he was willing to teach Lie Daw wan his medical skills out of respect for lie fushing he would still be somewhat unhappy but Li Fuching actually took his feelings into consideration and wanted to make the apprenticeship ceremony more grand to save face for him he laughed and said no need for that let's keep it simple Chapter 97 regulating the apprenticeship Ceremony the old party secretary said that won't do taking an apprentice is a serious matter and should be done formally fushing I'll go find Iguan's father Li Fushing said okay I'll trouble you party secretary to make that trip the matter of becoming an apprentice was thus settled the old party secretary quickly went to find De Guan's father Li Jiming what the doctor is willing to take my De Guan as his apprentice Li Jiming's eyes widened unable to believe his ears that doctor is only doing this because of fussing if fussing hadn't spoken up he wouldn't have been willing to take on a disciple you should hurry up and prepare a few tables I have some Gao mo tea at home go and get it you have to serve tea to the master do you still have any meat at home we can't be too stingy De Guan's maternal grandparents were very excited they were telling their son in law that they needed to help De Guan find a job in the city and unexpectedly the opportunity has come so soon even if it's not a direct job in the city it would be excellent if he could learn a trade from a master if you study medicine diligently you won't have to worry about supporting your family we have to thank De Guan's 21st uncle if he hadn't mentioned taking on an apprentice this huge windfall would never have fallen into De Guan's lap D'kai and his newly wed wife Song Yun were just as happy with their younger brother's success they could also benefit from it okay I'll get started right away Lee Jiming agreed after the old party secretary left the family began an excited discussion father we really have to thank uncle 21 Li Jimin glared your father doesn't know this go to your second uncle and borrow two chickens tell him I'll buy two more and return them to him tomorrow there's no meat at home right now so I'll have to borrow some for now okay just as Li Dakai was about to leave Li Daiwei arrived with a bag containing some sausages 2 pounds of pork two cured chickens two bottles of wine two bottles of canned pears and a small packet of tea Dawei what's going on Li Dawei said uncle 21 arranged for me to bring this he said it would cost 25 yuan in total he told me that the canned pears and pork were the apprenticeship gifts and not to mix them up he had barely finished speaking when he pulled two unopened packs of decimals cigarettes from his pocket and this too Li Jiming and his family were deeply moved these things can't be bought for 25 yuan Fu Shing must have known that his family didn't have anything of value which is why he had Dawei deliver the goods except a small fee as a token gesture so that his family could save face Li Jiming then took out 40 yuan and gave it to Li Daiwei Daiwei take this back to Fuqing come over for lunch with us Li Jiming said accepted the 40 yuan and went back to give it to uncle 21 everyone knew that 25 yuan definitely couldn't buy that much stuff especially the tea it looks very high end how could an ordinary person buy it actually Li Fuching bought it for 99 cents on Pindo Duo and it was much worse than what his grandfather drank but in this day and age it was indeed very high end I'll go deliver the money to uncle 21 first lidao said turning and leaving Grandpa Dekai couldn't help but say Jimmy your 21st brother is really capable he can get someone to take him as a disciple with just a few words I have good judgment I should try to get closer to him in the future with his two grandsons one married and the other studying medicine he can finally rest easy my daughter will surely be at peace knowing that her two sons are doing well Li Jiming immediately got to work with the things Li Fuching sent he could prepare two sumptuous feasts the clinic was now full of elderly people all waiting to see a doctor Li Fuching's grandfather chased away the young people who had come to watch the commotion Qing Chongqing showed it to Li Fuxing's grandmother first no one else objected they all thought it was perfectly normal even the doctor was invited to the village by the man's grandson they were all just benefiting from it Auntie this is a bronchial problem a minor ailment I'll prescribe some traditional Chinese medicine for you and you'll recover gradually Sheng Chengting said after the examination you can also prescribe western medicine but those things don't cure the root cause however western medicine certainly has its advantages namely it works quickly these doctors all know that taking too much western medicine can lead to dependence making it impossible to stop okay you're the doctor I'll listen to you grandma Li Fuxing said with a smile this was the doctor her grandson had invited back so of course she was happy to listen as people get older they all develop some minor ailments and Li Fuxing's grandparents were no exception Qin Chongqing prescribed some traditional Chinese medicine for them to help them recover carefully noted down the time and dosage of the medication sir your illness seems quite serious I'm not sure how to diagnose it it would be best if you went to the hospital for a checkup Shen Chongqing said to an old man he simply took her pulse looked at her and listened with a stethoscope before realizing the problem was serious the old man waved his hand I don't need to go to the hospital just give me some medicine he was well aware of his condition it was indeed very bad every time he had a seizure he felt like he had died but my family is so poor where would we get the money to go to a big hospital for a checkup if some diseases go undiagnosed then you won't be too scared you can just take some medicine to relieve the symptoms if you really can't bear it then there's nothing you can do it's all fate but if it's diagnosed and there's a treatment but the cost is extremely high wouldn't that put the family in a difficult position if they don't get treatment they can't get over the mental hurdle but if they do get treatment they'll go bankrupt losing everything is one thing but losing both your money and your life is the most painful Li Fuching asked uncle what illness does my brother have yes this is another of Li Fuching's older brothers the old man was stunned big brother are you serious about calling me that the old man said to Li Fo shing brother 21 my illness can be cured with some medicine I know what I'm doing understand what do you understand Li Fuqing knew without even looking that he was afraid of burdening his family so he thought he would just get some medicine to relieve the pain and leave the rest to fate alright seeing that the old man called Lee Fushing his 21st brother Shen Chongqing finally believed that the old man was Lee Fushing's elder brother he said if I'm not mistaken it's probably a heart problem this kind of illness is very difficult to treat but I'm not sure so we should go to a major hospital for a checkup to be sure Lee Fushing frowned slightly upon hearing this heart disease is indeed difficult to treat and even decades later it remains a very challenging and serious illness the most likely diagnosis is coronary heart disease have you heard of this disease Fushing I know this disease is indeed very difficult to treat he certainly knew that coronary heart disease would be terrible Qin Chongqing was taken aback you know that what exactly did you learn in school seeing the old man's shock Li Fuching explained I overheard it by chance and have some knowledge of its symptoms I've also heard that coronary heart disease can be cured with medicine although it's not a cure the effect is still quite noticeable Li Fuxing was referring to the quick acting heart medicine that was a miracle drug developed by Professor Zhang in 1982 which was classified as a long term state secret Chapter 98 it seems the revival is highly valued then let's teach it seriously upon hearing this Qin Chongming said with certainty there is no such medicine no I vaguely remember seeing it in an ancient book it seems to be some kind of heart saving pill the main ingredients are chuan xiong and borneol you're an expert in this field sir see if this will work Li Fuching was eagerly anticipating the early release of this miraculous medicine so that the people could use it as soon as possible boreal and citron lovage these two things do indeed help in the treatment of coronary heart disease fushing what ancient book did you read that from an old man suddenly became interested and wanted to see the ancient book Li fushing said I forgot too I've read far too many ancient books all right Chin Chongying had no doubts the hand pump was also something fushing had Learned from ancient books there must be other ingredients inside and they must be very important I need to study them carefully the old man said with great interest the more he thought about it the more likely it seemed he planned to go back and look it up himself and then try it out using Borneo and chuanxiong as the main ingredients if he actually succeeds he might go down in history this is certainly thanks to Li Fuching's discovery Li Fuching said to the old man brother don't worry about the cost of the checkup it won't cost much and the medication afterward before he could finish speaking Qin Chongying said if you're willing to try the medicine I'll take care of it and won't charge you a penny how about that okay I'll try the medicine the old man agreed without hesitation what's wrong with drug trials the real problem is not being able to afford the medication we would be thrilled if someone were willing to provide the medicine for free Li Fuxing knew it was made entirely of traditional Chinese medicine and generally wouldn't cause any major problems or kill anyone so he didn't stop it ultimately someone had to test the medicine and now that someone volunteered that was perfect the important thing is that since this older brother is now participating in the drug trial it's like he has a private doctor who will pay close attention to his condition that's already very good okay I'll check you out twice a week shenching said he had already come up with a prescription in his mind didn't know much about the specific formula of the quick acting heart saving pills either since that was a state secret how could he know let alone quick acting heart medicine even the well known yuan bao bao formula is a state secret it is rumored that the yuan bao circulating on the market is weakened and the published ingredients are only for reference all Li Fuching could do was propose this concept and share some of the main components he knew research and development should be done by professionals if they can't do it then we'll just have to wait for Professor Zhong to step in Xin Chongying was in a very good mood first he had taken on a disciple and second Li Fushin had proposed a prescription that could potentially save countless patients even if it was somewhat simplified it gave him direction which was crucial influenced by my mood I'm seeing doctors faster and faster by lunchtime medicine had already been prescribed for eight elderly people traditional Chinese medicine is not expensive nowadays and most people can afford it but things like ginseng are a different story they've never been cheap secretary our village needs to step up its efforts on the way to Leidawan's house leifushin suddenly said the old party secretary was completely confused he still chimed in I'll tell everyone around the mountain to hurry up and get the chicken farm up and running as soon as possible he guessed that Li Fushing was referring to the free range chickens feeling that the progress was too slow hence his comment knew that the old party secretary had misunderstood he laughed and said it's not just about raising chickens our village is still too poor some elderly people are hesitant to see a doctor today ultimately it's because we don't have money I have an idea once the village has money the village can cover all the medical expenses so that the elderly in our village can afford to get treatment and this situation will not happen again and the others standing nearby were stunned for a moment and then became somewhat excited if they can really achieve this goal then their Le Family village will become a true paradise children have no worries about going to school and the elderly have no worries about getting sick it's simply a paradise but I'm afraid we can't afford it we still need to work harder to earn more money otherwise we won't be able to achieve anything once our village collective has money we can do many things not only do children receive free schooling and the elderly receive free medical care but we can also do other things to make things convenient for the villagers as the old party secretary nodded he felt a little ashamed he didn't have Li Fuqing's ambition at all or rather he never dared to even dream of it never mind we need to work hard to make money first we can talk about these things after the village gets rich then caught up with the old man walking ahead and the brigade leader nodded to each other even without speaking they understood each other from then on Ligi Oswayng listened to Li Fushin if he said to go east they would never go west everyone can see that fushing is genuinely concerned about the development of their village Dr Qin please come in 21st brother please come in Li Ji Ming Li Da wan's father quickly welcome Qin Chong Geng and Li Fushing into the house and arrange for his daughter in law to make tea he attached great importance to this apprenticeship ceremony and banquet the old party secretary and his companions following behind were furious you only have Dr Chen and fushing in your eyes can't you see us De Guan change into something nicer Li Fushing instructed the apprenticeship ceremony must be conducted in a proper and formal manner Li Da wan agreed and quickly went to his room to put on his best clothes after changing his clothes he looked much more energetic and even quite handsome Qin Chongying was very satisfied according to the rules we should first pay respects to the ancestral master but since there is no portrait of the ancestral master let's pay respects to the great man Qing Chongqing teachers can serve as witnesses in any setting at a wedding one can pay homage to a great figure Li Fushing was deeply moved once everything is ready the apprenticeship ceremony officially begins starting with serving a cup of tea after the bowing ceremony a gift for the apprenticeship ceremony must be presented Lida Wan presented the 1 kg of pork two bottles of canned pears and a packet of tea that he had prepared this kind of apprenticeship ceremony is considered very prestigious with food shortages everyone is struggling to get enough to eat let alone meat canned pears are a precious commodity bringing a couple of bottles when visiting someone makes you look good and tea is out of the question the old man usually drinks a little bit of tea powder but not every day he's never had a whole bag of tea before especially not this kind of packaging he knew in his heart that this must have been given by Li Feixing he didn't believe the village could produce this kind of tea this clearly shows that Li Fuching attached in other words he cared a lot about his newly accepted disciple his original plan was to first temper Doug Wan's temperament by having him do more work and then teach him real medical skills after some time but since Li Fuxing valued it so much he simply decided to abandon that whole system Chapter 99 The chick and the mushroom moreover with such a valuable apprenticeship gift he must teach with utmost care the happiest people right now are Lee Da Wan's family because they're going to have a doctor in their family I have to continue seeing patients later so I won't drink everyone drink to your heart's content Qing Chongging refused the wine offered to him showing great self control after he said that and the others felt embarrassed to continue offering him more drinks they still need to see a doctor and it was to provide medical care for the people in their village if they drink too much and there's a misdiagnosis it's the villagers who will suffer I'll just use tea instead of wine Chin Chongqing said again all right then we won't go easy on you please help yourself Li Jiming said Downing his drink in one gulp then he toasted Li Fushing again this toast is a must without Li Fushing's help De Guan from their family would definitely not have had this opportunity to become an apprentice since his teacher didn't drink Li Da Wan naturally didn't dare to either that would undoubtedly affect how your teacher perceives you Grandpa drink less or I'll have to tell Grandma Li Fushin said to his grandfather he was willing to let Old Masterly drink but the amount had to be limited after the apprenticeship banquet Li Fuxing went home with his grandfather while Qin Chongying and Li Daoguang continued to help the elderly in the village with their medical care Li Fuxing rested for a while in the afternoon and after getting up he went to the mountain to check on the progress of the enclosure project only two days have passed and wooden stakes have already been erected at the foot of the mountain all connected by branches and other materials like a fence since I didn't have any wire I had no choice but to do it this way 21st brother upon seeing Li Fuching arrive Li Jichun and the others quickly greeted him Li Fuching offered them cigarettes and reminded them not to litter as it would cause trouble if they started a wildfire Li Jichun and his friends chuckled they wouldn't leave any cigarette butts behind who would be willing to throw them away if they weren't smoked clean we also caught a weasel yesterday and released it on another mountain Li Jichun said actually there were not only weasels but also snakes several were caught but these snakes weren't as lucky as the weasels they were all slaughtered by the village canteen and made into a pot of snake soup Lee Fushing frowned slightly weasels are very vengeful and have a strong memory he figured that if he caught it killing it would be best he didn't care about that these days even wolves and tigers could be killed so what was a weasel the idea of immortals and the like is nothing but feudal superstition what we're cracking down on is feudal superstition Li Fushing would not impose his views on the villagers having some reverence in one's heart is not a bad thing Li Fushing looked around and pointed to a spot go and have a few people set up a makeshift tent there a whole row so many even if they are to be free range the chicks still need care in the early stages otherwise the survival rate will be very low after the chicks are put into the shed two people will have to be assigned to watch over them every day if you all release the weasel shouldn't you take precautions while free range grazing is fine it doesn't mean we can completely neglect our responsibilities fourth brother you guys go and set it up make sure it's done well people will need to live in the back Li Jichang instructed the people okay this is easy it's not just about building 2 or three it's about starting here and building all the way to the other side we'll also have to cut down all the trees around here Li Jichang and the others were startled and immediately froze Li Zicheng asked in confusion 21st brother how many chickens are you planning to raise building so many sheds this is a huge project raising too many chickens is not good the chicks still need to be fed in the early stages there isn't enough food in the village to feed them besides the hospital on this mountain may not be able to support so many chickens we can't use them all to raise chickens we also need to grow mushrooms cutting down these trees is also for cultivating mushrooms also the wood used to cultivate mushrooms can be left to rot which can nourish insects and be used to feed chickens he had already devised a complete cycle chicken manure can also be used for farming in the village and raising chickens not only makes money but also has many other benefits the fushing chose to ignore the impact of tree felling the pursuit of rapid development will inevitably cause some damage to the environment in this era there is no need to think about that the priority is to ensure that everyone has enough to eat who would dare to cut down trees without a permit they'd be arrested immediately it's truly baffling that some farmers can't even cut down the trees they planted in this day and age there's not much to worry about aside from setting fire to the mountains everything else is manageable has been thinking about how to improve the hatching efficiency of chicks and how to cultivate mushrooms relying on a hen to hatch chicks is unrealistic Fushing also faces difficulties buying chicks himself especially buying so many at once which is quite troublesome artificial incubation of chicks becomes the most perfect solution they can be incubated manually but machines are also needed such as chick incubators this thing isn't very technologically advanced to put it simply it's just a breathable heating box heating does not necessarily require electricity fuel can also be used and the temperature can be maintained by changing the hot water Li Fushin's next task is to set up an incubator the electrical circuits in Lgios Wang are unstable so they are using other methods to provide heat but it is not easy to control the temperature while controlling the temperature it is also necessary to pay attention to ventilation as for mushroom cultivation he had seen related videos in his previous life and remembered the overall steps it wasn't too difficult some technologies are easy for most people to understand once explained but if that barrier isn't broken down they can't understand them no matter how hard they try since you few can't handle it all go find some more people to help Li Jichang said either way it requires cutting down trees and building sheds and with the sheds there are so many to build it'll be hundreds of meters long these few people are clearly not enough I'll call for help someone volunteered okay tell the old party secretary and the others about the situation when you go Li Jichong instructed such a big matter should normally be discussed and decided by the village but since Li Fuqing proposed it there's no need for discussion we can just do as he says both instructed that what Li Fuqing said was the same as what they said by nearly 5:00 o'clock in the afternoon had seen all the elderly people in the village and prescribed medicine for them come find me in the city tomorrow Shen Chongqing instructed Li Douguan once you've taken on an apprentice you have to keep Leedog Wan by your side letting him come into contact with various illnesses and learn through practice okay teacher Li Da wan nodded Li Fuxing also took Qin Chongming back while Li Da wai had already left after lunch after arriving at the courtyard house it gradually got dark Fushin let's go eat at my place Qin Chongying invited but I need to talk to Qing Yuan and the others about something alright the old man didn't insist and went home with the apprenticeship gift that Li Daoguang had given him Lee Fushing parked his bicycle and went straight to Luocheng Yuan's place Old Shen is back wow why are you so much stuff fushing is too kind an older woman felt that it was Lee Fushing who had given her all this chapter 100 dividing the canned food the water in the cans was split equally I just delivered it last time this won't do there's no such thing as getting two gifts for doing one favor Chiang Chongqing put down his things and said I took on a disciple in Ligi Oswayng this is a gift from him as a formal apprenticeship present went on to talk about the details of taking on apprentices it was fushing who suggested it and the child is quite talented and sensible so I accepted him the older woman nodded since it was fushing that suggested it then we should accept it this is good it brings us closer to fushing mom there are canned pears the little daughter exclaimed excitedly the woman immediately put it away not wanting the child to waste it canned pears are so precious it would be great to bring them when visiting relatives and friends those 2 pounds of pork can be given to the children tonight to satisfy their cravings an old man happily opened the packet of tea and was even happier to see that the tea leaves inside were all intact this kind of high grade tea is something that money can't always buy in addition the packaging alone looks very high end when his friends come over he'll have something to carry if he puts the tea out won't those guys be green with envy this pork and canned pears are really good an older woman said Sheng Chongying replied even if you add them all together they wouldn't be as good as this packet of tea the older woman didn't want to say anything but could tea really fill her stomach tea was something only the old man could enjoy but pork was something the whole family could eat and canned pears could be given away as gifts so she preferred pork and canned pears mom let's open a bottle and have some the second son in the family said yes the children started protesting saying it was too much two cans of pears and they weren't given a single bite how could this be let's just open one bottle and let them drink it an old man suggested it was originally a gift from the apprentice to formally become an apprentice how could it be given to someone else alright seeing that the old man had spoken the woman opened a jar of pears and tried to divide them as evenly as possible among the children as did the canned soup they believe in fairness in everything they do so that their children won't complain about their favoritism when they grow up Old Sheen where will De Guan stay tomorrow their own home isn't spacious enough to accommodate De Guan fushing said he'll handle this an old man said they discussed this issue on their way back belatedly realized that Fushing's house was quite spacious and could indeed accommodate multiple people but Li Fushing had no intention of letting Li Da Wan live in their courtyard house the reason he sought out luring you in was to ask how the negotiations for that courtyard house were going if we buy that place someone has to live there leaving the yard empty will always arouse suspicion it would be best if one of our own people stayed there so they could keep watch over us at night if people from Ligi Oswayne come and have nowhere to stay Li Fushin will arrange for them all to stay in that courtyard he will only feel at ease knowing that they are all his own people fushing is quite concerned about this nephew not only did they arrange for me to learn from a master but they also arranged for me to stay who but my parents would be willing to go through all this trouble yes that's better Li Fushing entered Liu Qing Yun's room Guochinkai happened to be there too and the two of them were organizing what they would sell at the black market that night they both needed to plan ahead before going to the black market as for the specifics what to sell and how to sell it that was all decided by Guochinkai Luchin Yuan was naturally happy to agree but he was too lazy to use his brain and he knew that Guochengzi's brain was more useful than his Guocheng had to keep a close eye on the black market judging whether to go or not and what to sell before Li Fushing entered the door he took out the pig's head meat he had bought which was still warm have you eaten Gu Chung and Lu Ching Yun would say they hadn't eaten anything if they saw it was pigs head meat I'll grab a bottle of wine Lu Ching Yun quickly got up Li Fuqing stopped him let's not drink now what's the status of that courtyard you mentioned Guo Qing took three pairs of chopsticks from Li Fuqing's cupboard and rinsed them the pigs head meat that Li Fuqing brought was all cut up and wrapped in oil paper we've reached an agreement and the transfer can be completed immediately but the price is only 850 yuan let's wait two more days he definitely has to Li Fushin interrupted him 850 it is call him over tomorrow morning and I'll take him to the sub district office to transfer the property also is there really nothing wrong with that yard if a courtyard house were to be sold for 850 yuan I'm sure many people would be willing to buy it even though the courtyard only has one entrance it's still quite large over 100 square meters there are definitely drawbacks it's a bit dilapidated but people have always lived here so it's not a big problem by the way I heard a rumor yesterday Lu Ching Yun said in detail a house is sturdy even if it looks a bit dilapidated if someone lives in it once no one lives there even a relatively new house will fall into disrepair within a few years becoming prone to collapse and uninhabitable it is said that someone died inside before luching Un said Li Fuching and Gu Chung Kai were both dismissive so what if someone died there what house hasn't had a dead person there's nothing to be afraid of Lu Ching yuan said I heard he hanged himself at the door otherwise no one would be so superstitious but that was a long time ago before we were even born it's alright Li Fushing didn't think much of it some people died even more tragically in those houses if you have no objections then there's no problem Luchin Yuwen said with a smile he planned to go find his friend after finishing the pigs head meat the old man barely slept all night his mind constantly preoccupied with the ingredients of that quick acting heart saving pill early in the morning Lu Ching Yun brought his friend over this is Wan Shun from Fushing Lu Ching Yun introduced hello brotherly since you're a friend of Ching Yun I'll get straight to the point Wan Shun said Li Fuching smiled and said okay I like dealing with straightforward people the house can't be traded freely but it can be inherited or transferred it'll cost 850 yuan let's go to the neighborhood committee to complete the formalities together if Brother Li wants we can go look at the house first Lee Fushing handed over a small stack of money let's have a little Wang Shun was stunned he didn't expect Lee Fushing to give him the money directly this was too generous Li Fuching reasoned that since Luching Yun could recommend it the house couldn't be too bad and must be worth the money therefore there was no need to look at it any further he bought that courtyard not to live there himself but mainly to store his things and provide a place for people from the village to rest as long as it's habitable there shouldn't be any major problems in addition it was also out of respect for Liu Qing Yun it's better to be straightforward with Qing Yun's friends all this picking and choosing will only make Qing Yun lose face Qing Yuan laughed and said how about it my buddy's straightforward right Wan Shan nodded brotherly is really generous let's go to the neighborhood office right away I'll have all the things moved before noon so you can just go in he counted the money right there in front of everyone it's almost 1,000 yuan so we can't be careless Chapter 101 sending some sausages as a parting gift Fuching didn't think there was anything wrong with it it was perfectly acceptable for others to do so if it were anyone else Wan Shun would probably have to count several times but he and Qing Yuan were good friends and the other party paid him generously so he didn't hesitate and counted once was enough Lee Fushing then went with him to the subdivision office and found Director Shun Wan Shun was somewhat surprised not expecting Lee Fushing to have connections with the street office this was for the best it would save a lot of trouble and prevent him from being questioned endlessly Director Shun indeed didn't ask any questions and completed the procedures as quickly as possible the process was very formal and no one would find fault with it afterward Aunt Shawn it should be fine if people from our village come to stay for a while right Li Fushing asked Director Chen said that's no problem at all it's your house whoever you want to live in it it's best if someone lives there you understand what I mean Li Fuching naturally understood what director Chen meant if no one moved in there was a high probability that an investigation would be launched I understand Aunt Shun director Chen continued by the way Fushing the Noodle Factory has officially decided to expand and hire more staff they can even make instant noodles now and it's all thanks to you Aunt Shun it's just a coincidence Director Chen didn't say much he just smiled coincide are there really that many coincidences in this world ultimately it was because Li Fuching had read a great many ancient books much of what his ancestors passed down was useful Learned about hand pumps and instant noodles from these ancient texts moreover it is said that someone has found relevant records confirming Li Fuching's statement right now those who uphold traditional culture are acting like they've been injected with adrenaline traditional culture has been severely suppressed and now that something of value has finally emerged they will definitely hold on to it tightly they also remembered Li Fuxing who had twice discovered valuable aspects of traditional culture after completing the formalities Wang Shun took Li Fuxing to see the house you could tell they were in a hurry to move out Wan Shan said that his uncle works in Daocheng and had already arranged a job for him he could start working as soon as he arrived and the salary and benefits were very good this should be done faster of course what use is there in guarding this ancestral home in Beiping moreover his uncle said that Daqing is developing rapidly and will become prosperous in a few years so it would be best to go there as soon as possible to secure a place Li Fushin nodded after listening he knew that in the next 30 years Dutching's development was incredibly rapid and it wouldn't be long before it developed into a major city centered around oil while resource based cities develop rapidly their decline is equally swift once resources are depleted if the city cannot successfully transform it can only slowly decay Lee Fushing went to check out that courtyard the location was indeed very remote but this was exactly what Lee Fushing wanted if the location were good and there were many people it would be inconvenient for him to do things brotherly please keep the key safe but if you're still worried you can change all the locks inside Wan Shun handed the key to Lee Fushing his family has packed up most of his belongings they Learned the news from Loching Un last night so they packed up early brotherly do you want these large pieces of furniture if not I'll have someone come and take them away Wan Shan pointed to the furniture in the room the whole family is about to move to the northeast which is so far away that they definitely can't take such large pieces of furniture with them if Li Fuxing doesn't want them he will ask the neighbors to come and take them away even if you don't need it you can chop it up and use it as firewood no one would refuse it keep it thank you Li Fushing said he doesn't live here so what does it matter if the furniture is new or old people who come to the village in the future will definitely not mind if the furniture is old Li Fushing looked at the furniture it was all very ordinary and could hardly be considered antique he also went to the basement to take a look Wan Shan said that the basement used to be a cellar where they could store radishes and cabbages in the winter later the world went into chaos and there were wars year after year so the family dug the cellar to be bigger when soldiers broke in they would hide in the cellar there are two exits to this one inside the house and one outside leaving two exits is also for unforeseen circumstances Li Fushing was quite satisfied with these arrangements as if they had been tailor made for him Juan Shun are you leaving already Wang Chen's family has already started moving their luggage out yes brotherly we'll meet again someday this sounds more like a self comforting statement given the distance and the fact that the whole family has moved they basically won't be coming back okay see you later I'll treat you to a drink wait for me a moment Li Fuxing said and walked out circling around the area when he returned he had several vacuum packed sausages in his hand weighing more than 3 pounds in total Wan Xun take this to eat on the road Li Fuxing put the sausage on the luggage Wan Xuan was stunned for a moment then fell the lump in his throat brotherly don't refuse consider it a farewell gift if you have the chance to come back in the future bring some northeast specialties Li Fuxing was very satisfied with the courtyard so he was generous furthermore judging from Juan Chen's appearance he should be leaving soon and won't have time to say goodbye to Qing Yuan he was also sending a small token of appreciation on behalf of Qing Yuan I bought this sausage for 1 cent today this is the first time I've ever seen sausages packaged like this Wang Chen's mother said in surprise looking at the sausage in her son's hand it was given to us by brother Li he said it was a farewell gift from Qing Yun to us Wang Chen said he felt quite proud Wang Chen's mother couldn't help but sigh even though her son was usually unreliable and a street urchin he had at least made a true friend in the past few days when his so called friends Learned that they were preparing to leave not one of them came to see him anymore Liu Qing Yuan on the other hand came several times and helped them sell their ancestral home now Qing Yuan's friend has delivered these sausages to their family again on Qing Yuan's behalf mom I want to eat sausage Wang Chen's little sister stared longingly at the sausage Wang Shan immediately opened a package and distributed it to her younger siblings eat up although his mother was reluctant she was also gratified no matter what my son does outside he has always been very good to his family big brother mom you should eat too it's delicious the little guy said chewing on a sausage wanchan also took a bite and it was indeed very fragrant it smells delicious after the courtyard was cleared out stocked up on a considerable amount of supplies in the basement including not only grains such as rice flour and potatoes but also a lot of meat and oil as well as a lot of nonstaple foods he even specially recharged 800 yuan into Pinduoduo after Gu Chung and Lu Ching un sell these items Li Fushin estimates that he will earn at least 10,000 yuan at which point he can upgrade his Pinduoduo account he was very much looking forward to what surprises Pandoru's upgrade would bring him meanwhile Lida Wan followed the address and arrived at the old man's house the old woman also liked this sensible child very much Chapter 102 a housewarming feast that even a god wouldn't trade for an old man took Lida Wan to the steel rolling mill clinic and helped him out students trained in this way tend to have a higher chance of success the opportunity to see more cases was particularly beneficial for Le Dauphin who had just become an apprentice even if he didn't personally treat patients he could still accumulate experience Chin Chongying was one of the three doctors in the infirmary he taught his students and no one said much about it no matter what they said they didn't ask the factory for an extra wage the people in the infirmary quickly Learned that Li Doug Wan Shen Chengting's apprentice was very close to Li Fu Xing because of this they dared not say a word they were quite friendly towards Li Doug Wan how old are you this year young man Myling is also new here let's chat more someone said with a laugh they felt that with Lee Doug Wan's connection to Lee Fushing and Chin Chongying as his teacher his future was undoubtedly bright myling is a nurse in the infirmary and she has only been working for a short time Lee Doug Wan who had just left Ligi Oswayng couldn't stand such teasing his face immediately turned red and he dared not say a word the girl named Myling was the same she was very thin skinned and not as shrewd as those seasoned veterans Qin Chongying laughed and said you're all very free aren't you but the Guan and Meiling are indeed quite a good match it wouldn't hurt for them to get to know each other better as Le Daw Wan's mentor it was only natural for him to care about his important life events myling had been working at the steel Mills clinic for over three months and he had already figured out her character she was a good girl at lunchtime Chin Chongying took Li Da Wan home for lunch Li Da Wan wasn't an employee of the steel rolling mill so naturally he couldn't eat in the Mills canteen let me see if I can arrange a temporary job for you at the factory clinic that way it will be convenient for you to eat at the factory and you'll have some income Qin Chongming said to Li Daguo although temporary workers don't earn much and don't get the factory's benefits at least they have some income so it's good to keep doing it for now thank you teacher Lee Dawson said study hard if no workers come to see you this afternoon then you can check the medical skills I gave you yourself don't slack off if there are patients you should observe them carefully write down any questions that come to mind and ask them when you have time he was extremely devoted to his apprentices I understand teacher an older woman put some food on the dog won's plate eat more dog won thank you master's wife no sooner had he finished speaking than Luching Yun arrived hey grandpa and grandma are you eating Qing Yuan's here Wanna grab something to eat an old man said with a smile I've finished eating after Da Wan finished eating he packed his things and followed me fushing asked me to take you there and find you a place to stay the middle aged woman felt a huge weight lifted from her shoulders if things aren't arranged properly De Guan won't know where to sleep tonight an old man said to De Guan after you finish eating go and settle down studying medicine is a long term endeavor there's no need to rush it Ledawan nodded he took his belongings and left with Lu Qing Yuan brother Qing Yuan is it far away Lu Qing Yuan said your 21st uncle and I are good buddies according to seniority you should call me uncle right he muttered to himself wondering how he had suddenly become a generation younger all right let's just discuss things separately the place isn't far maybe seven or 8 hundred meters away he quickly brought Li Doug Wan to the courtyard where Li Fu Shing and Gou Shan Kai were standing Doug Wan is here you can stay in the house near the entrance later other villagers may come to live with you so don't worry Li Fuqing said Li Da wan nodded I'm fine uncle 21 having a place to stay is good enough why be picky he felt this place was already very good much better than the village the room next to the entrance isn't very big but it's fully furnished so you can just move and right away make do with the furniture in the room for now if you need anything just let me know and I'll have Qing Yun help you get it Liu Qing Yun said there's no wash basin soap or thermos is there and I talked about a whole bunch of everyday items in a rambling way Li Fushin took out some money and tickets Qing Yuan take Da Wan out to buy some let's have dinner here tonight and let Da Wan come too Li Da Wan didn't take the money but only the receipt uncle 21 my family gave me money when I left it's enough it's worth at least several dozen yuan Li Da wan was unaware that the few dozen yuan was his maternal grandparents savings for their funerals which they secretly arranged for their son in law to give to their grandson and they were not allowed to tell anyone you must learn medicine from your master seriously he is truly skilled Lee Daw wan then told Lee Fushing about his master's plan to arrange a temporary job for him good very good it seems your master values you highly as a mentor I have fulfilled my responsibilities even though the teacher student relationship isn't as highly valued as it was in ancient times there's still a sense of a teacher for a day is a father for life in people's minds they did not take the master disciple relationship lightly this is also largely due to the fact that people had too many teachers from childhood to adulthood there were a bunch of teachers in various interest classes which one should one get close to luching un quickly took Le Dagon to buy the daily necessities Li Fuching stewed a duck and roasted a leg of lamb Lu Ching yuan was very happy looks like we're in for a treat tonight there were no outsiders in the courtyard so everyone relaxed in the old courtyard houses one wouldn't dare eat like this even if the people in the courtyard house were kindly fussing he would still be embarrassed to let them watch him eat like this this is so comfortable Luocheng Yuan said picking up a piece of duck meat and taking a bite they have stewed duck roasted lamb leg and chilled watermelon even a god wouldn't trade it he's even considering staying here fushing why don't I come and stay here for a few days whatever as long as your family is willing Li fushing shrugged with someone accompanying him Lida Wan felt safer when Luching Yun said he wanted to stay for a few days he didn't object after all the room was just sitting idle anyway my family definitely has no objections if I don't tell them they won't know anything he no longer shares a room with his family and often doesn't even go home for meals if he didn't tell anyone he was living away from home his family probably wouldn't know he only needs to show his face briefly in the courtyard it's so free here nobody lectures him at all Le Dauphin suddenly asked uncle 21 can I bring my dog next time I come he had just overheard uncle 21 telling him some secrets about storing a lot of supplies here and he felt uneasy he wasn't here during the day and it would be terrible if something got stolen the dog at home which he raised from a puppy is a good dog that knows how to guard the house besides bringing the dog along can alleviate some of the food shortage at home even if the dog doesn't eat the same food as humans it still needs some food Chapter 103 Wuchang Rice is your father willing Li Fuching's heart stirred keeping a dog in the yard is a great idea it can give you a heads up if a stranger comes Li Da wan said of course I'd be willing my dad's worried about dogs these days moreover all he had to do was tell his father that the dog belonged to his 21st uncle and no matter how reluctant he was he would definitely make him bring the dog okay then bring it with you when you go home Lu Cheng yuan said why don't we get a cat together there's so much stuff in the basement it would be terrible if it attracted mice even though the campaign to eliminate the four pests has reduced the number of rats considerably it has not been completely eradicated and they can still be seen at night whatever if you want to raise them then go ahead that just means there's more food for cats and dogs I heard the noodle factory is expanding its workforce Li Dawei began asking about his sister he had recently heard people in the compound talking about the noodle factory expanding its workforce but it was mostly speculation no one had any reliable information Li Fuching said calm down if there are any openings I will definitely help Sha'ran get one then Sha'ran will have a job and you can bring your mother and your brother to the city at this rate of work progress you should be able to get a permanent position next month and your salary will be higher with Shao Rant salary supporting your mother and your younger brother shouldn't be a problem if there's not enough room in courtyard number 65 you can move in here and let them live there he had wanted to bring his mother and younger brother over but it wasn't the right time yet he had to wait until the end of this semester when his younger brother was in 5th grade so they could come to the city to study together 5th graders would have to go to shirha commune which would be very troublesome take some things to the factory tomorrow finish your tasks and then help me deliver some things back to Ligi Oswayng Li Fushin instructed the septic tank for the new house should be dug by now all that's left is for the squat toilet and pipes okay Li Dawei replied everyone enjoyed the dinner very much and chatted until late Li Dawei brought some meat and eggs to the factory Li Wenbin was genuinely surprised but his face broke into a smile that's 10 pounds of meat and 7 or 800 eggs Li Dawei has only been working for a short time yet he's already accomplished so much his achievements are truly remarkable this is still far inferior to Li Fuching's work but it is still quite good Lee Wibben patted Lee Dawway on the shoulder Dawway keep up the good work and strive to become a full time employee okay section chief after registering the items and putting them into storage Li Dao Wei took the money and left when they arrived at the courtyard Li Fuqing and Liu Qing Yuan were loading squat toilets and other items onto a tricycle which was parked nearby Brother Qing Yuan are you coming with me Li Dao Wei asked as he handed Li Fuqing the money for the meat and eggs yes if he doesn't go once you'll have to go twice not only did they have the necessary items for the bathroom and toilet but they also had the materials needed to make an incubator once Lee Fushing returned they would set up the chick incubator and prepare to start hatching chicks eggs are easy to buy just buy them directly but not all eggs can hatch into chicks only fertilized eggs can we'll have to choose carefully when the time comes Luocheng Yuan also brought a bag of peanuts for the children in lichiaswang to eat he's really not a very good leader upon arriving in the village Li Fushin saw a group of children chasing away sparrows although sparrows are small when they gather in large flocks the damage they cause to crops should not be underestimated in a few more days we'll be able to harvest the wheat ledawe said happily even though he now works in the city he still cares a lot about things in the village after all his mother and younger siblings are still in the village besides with uncle 21 as a role model even if everyone works in the city they are still inseparable from Ligi Osway if you forget about the people in the village after you leave uncle 21 will probably dislike you you can't let anyone else dislike you but you can't let uncle 21 dislike you hello grandpa 21 the little ones all gathered around Li Fushin pointed at Lu Qingyuwen he brought some good food go find him brother qingyuwen as soon as the little ones heard that Luching Yun had brought some delicious food they immediately surrounded him Luching Yun grunted he calls Li Fuqing Grandpa 21st year old but calls him brother which subtly lowers his seniority although he was a little annoyed he still took out the peanuts don't rush line up one by one Lu Cheng Yun organized the little ones to line up and only after they were lined up did he start handing out peanuts each child received a small handful this allowed Luching Yun to once again indulge in being the boss liejichun and a few others came to help unload the pipes and other items from the vehicle what is this Liechtenstein looked at the pile of materials these materials are for making chick hatcheries Liechtenstein explained what is a chick hatchery seeing everyone's puzzled expressions Liechtenstein explained again this thing is a machine and house used to hatch chicks our village's power supply is unstable so I wanted to build an incubation house so we can hatch chicks manually what you can do that everyone was taken aback I felt that my worldview had been severely impacted the old idea that only a mother hen can hatch chicks is true so the idea that humans can hatch chicks is indeed hard to accept at first of course it works and the success rate is higher and faster than hatching with a hen seeing that the doubts on everyone's faces had only increased Lee Fushing stopped explaining if you don't understand that's fine just listen to my instructions and I guarantee that chicks will hatch there's nothing to worry about Lee Fushing said alright since Lee Fushing has said so no one asked any more questions they simply couldn't understand it and no amount of explanation could change that they had to see chicks being artificially hatched before they could believe it besides Fuchsing is an intellectual so he definitely knows more than they do is there really a way to hatch chicks without a mother hen just like an electric kettle it boils water even without a fire doesn't it the same principle applies to hand pumps water comes out with just a few pumps before they had seen this before they certainly wouldn't have believed it Li Fuching carried a bag of rice into the house this is Wuchang rice that I just bought on Pinduoduo there's plenty of food at home grandma said with a smile their grandsons seemed to be worried that the two of them weren't eating well so he always brought back fine grains meat and eggs this rice is different from the rice we used to have I heard it was a tribute item in ancient times it smells amazing let's try some together upon hearing this old Mrs Lee stepped forward and grabbed a handful she looked at it and said hmm this rice is really good she wasn't sure if it was tribute but she could tell the quality of the rice just by touching and looking at it soon the old party secretary and others arrived after hearing the news Chapter 104 maybe we can get a cook for the family a chick hatchery what are we going to do the old party secretary was equally surprised he would never have believed it if Li Fushing hadn't brought it up they had initially thought that Li Fushing was going to bring back the chicks directly but unexpectedly he decided to hatch them himself secretary let someone build a house first a few square meters will be enough as for the specific layout I will arrange it later after the preparation is complete you can provide heating for the incubation room as I instructed he will then lay hot water pipes in the incubation room which will raise the temperature of the incubation room while heating the water Lee Fushing chose to lay hot water pipes because it would be easier to control the temperature if you need anything just tell Jichun and the others let him build the incubator you just need to teach him how to do it said that he now chooses to delegate authority in many matters especially when Lee Fushing was in charge he also realized that his thinking was somewhat outdated some of Li Fuching's suggestions were things he wouldn't even dare to think about yet Li Fuching managed to make them a reality because of this he gradually delegated authority and consciously cultivated the young people arranging for them to learn more from fushing for projects like these he only assigns people to be in charge and doesn't care about anything else he tells them to contact Fuchsing directly if they have any issues and to follow Fuchsing's instructions on how to proceed okay that's not difficult I'll hurry up and finish this job in the toilet Liejichuan suddenly felt a heavy responsibility on his shoulders the remaining work is not complicated just connect the sewage pipe install the squat toilet and lay the bathroom floor tiles and you're basically done yes we need to lay floor tiles this was the first house in Ljubljana to lay floor tiles but the villagers didn't think there was anything wrong with it Li Fuching steamed a pot of rice using Wuchang rice those who built houses including Li Jichun's group still ate millet porridge Li Fuching also made braised pork ribs which looked enticing and were fragrant but not greasy following the same rules as before Liechtenstein and the others each received three pieces of food plus a spoonful of cabbage and they all ate with great relish this time they ate slowly and deliberately unlike before when they devoured their food at lightning speed they all knew that after this meal they wouldn't be able to eat this kind of food again after finishing their work here they have to go to the village canteen to eat sweet potatoes and potatoes with everyone which inevitably makes them feel a bit disappointed Li Fuching gave Wong Yee several pieces of food praising the dedicated fire starter for his hard work and dedication Luchin Yuan didn't return to the city either he stayed to have dinner with everyone fushing your cooking skills have improved again you're almost catching up with the chefs in those restaurants luching you in said with a smile since he started following Li Fushing he had been to the restaurant several times and was familiar with its dishes therefore he could judge how good Li Fushing's braised pork ribs were realizing that he had Learned his culinary skills from watching food videos from later generations after transmigrating he gradually realized that his memory was quite good and many things he had seen in his previous life were clearly imprinted in his mind that's why he was able to create things like pressure wells and electric kettles that's true I think fuchsings cooking is much better than that of restaurants Li Dajuan agreed he's been coming over for meals a lot lately and he's even gained some weight in these days of food shortages he's quite an exception isn't he old masterly chuckled and asked have you ever been to a restaurant but the elderly couple were still very happy they are happy whenever someone praises their grandson he couldn't help but curse his son Leiji in his heart that brat clearly didn't cook for his grandson much the grandson's culinary skills had been forced upon him third Aunt Young may still hope that Wang Yue would be successful when fushing cooked she would always take the boy with her and occasionally tell him cooking tips not just how to tend the fire she could tell at a glance that Fuchsing was actually handing over the cooking to Wangya these days if you can become a chef you'll be the envy of everyone as the old saying goes even in years of famine the cook won't go hungry however this is also because in the new era lower level professions are no longer discriminated against and professions like chefs are envied because of the glory of their labor wongya you'd better learn from your older brother the eyes of Grandpa Lee and the others couldn't help but fall on yongmei while eating wongya agreed yes big brother just taught me how to make braised pork ribs fouching this Uncle Li Dajuan was at a loss for words Li Fouching said with a smile I only taught him a little because I saw that he was quite interested in cooking we'll see when he gets a bit older if he really likes it I'll help him find a teacher so he can learn properly learning to cook is quite hard work actually Li Fuching would be very happy if his family could have a chef then he wouldn't have to go into the kitchen anymore he could just bring the ingredients back and wait to eat the ready made food Li Dajuan and his wife didn't pay attention to what their nephew said next they were all taken aback by what he had just said help Wanya find a master chef this is fantastic news with a chef at home we won't have to worry about going hungry during years of famine Lee Dai yuan and his wife couldn't stop smiling and they also began to have some thoughts of hoping that their son would become successful after finishing his meal Lu Ching yuan left after finishing the remaining work Lee Jiming and his team began building the incubation room since the incubation room didn't need to be very large they planned to build it in one afternoon Li fushings stood to the side providing guidance on various structural details are these racks for hatching chicks someone wondered many people were curious and gathered around to watch the idea of artificially hatching chicks seemed unbelievable to everyone in Ligi Oswayng the incubation room will be lined with pipes to use water vapor to provide the temperature making the room warm enough for the hen regardless of whether the crowd could understand him or not he still explained it again a stove needs to be built for boiling water and the pot and pipes for boiling water need to be connected this creates a cyclical system which although somewhat rudimentary is sufficient for hatching chicks if you make it even more sophisticated you could almost build a small Thermal power plant adding a generator set would suffice Li Fuching had actually considered that if the electricity in Ligi Oswayng remained unstable he would have to build his own generator since many things couldn't be done without electricity the incubation chamber was finally completed leifushin plans to bring back the eggs tomorrow and hatch them into chicks the villagers were very excited they had all heard some of Leifushin's ideas which aimed to make the entire Ligi Oswayng village rich of course they were very interested meanwhile an elderly man named Qin Chongqing was racking his brains for quick acting heart medicine Old Qin are you going to the exchange meeting tomorrow someone asked him from the side an exchange meeting how come I didn't know about this maybe I'm not capable enough and not qualified to participate yes you didn't know many giants in the field of traditional Chinese medicine will be participating as well as some newcomers the doctor said to him Chapter 105 teachers must be involved in such a major undertaking as editing a book Old Wong you've been invited to participate Chin Chunging asked no said the doctor standing nearby he was the head of the three doctors in the steel Mills clinic and the most skilled among them he continued however there is one spot available at our steel rolling mill Dr Luke definitely won't be going I happen to have something to do tomorrow which is why I'm asking if you're going or not Dr Liu said that another doctor at the steel mill clinic had little interest in traditional Chinese medicine so he ruled him out okay thank you very much Lao Wang Qin Chang'an was very happy because of the presence of giants in the field of traditional Chinese medicine he wanted to have an exchange with them Old Wang happened to see something written in Qin Chongming's notebook and asked curiously what is this Qing Chongming said I was deeply moved by my trip to Ljubljane for a free clinic it is really difficult for people in our rural areas medical resources are extremely scarce if Ligi Oswayng which is so close to Beijing still has such difficulty accessing medical care then it is obvious what the situation is like in other rural areas of China old Wang said helplessly it's really too difficult to train a qualified doctor so there's nothing we can do about this situation currently 90 percent of my country's doctors and medical resources are concentrated in cities even if doctors are willing to go to rural areas the environment and conditions there make it difficult for them to fully utilize their medical skills therefore it is relatively reasonable for doctors to remain in the city where they have access to the necessary resources when someone falls seriously ill people go to the city to seek medical help there's really nothing we can do about it therefore I thought could we quickly train a group of barefoot doctors common illnesses like colds and fevers actually make up a large part of the disease knowing how to treat these illnesses can pretty much guarantee basic medical care if it's a serious illness then we'll have to come to the city for treatment Shen Chongqing said repeating Li Fushings words yes that's what Li Fushings told him too Li Fushings talked to him about two nitroglycerin pills and barefoot doctors he told Shen Chongqing that it is difficult to see a doctor in rural areas now and asked him to see if he could compile a medical manual suitable for rural areas so that literate people could be quickly put to work after a little training in fact Li Fuching just wanted the Barefoot Doctor's Manual to be published so as to solve the problem of difficulty in accessing medical care Li Fuqing understood that this was not something Qin Chongying could have accomplished alone he told Qin Chongying these things in order to spread the word and attract more attention the Barefoot Doctor's Manual from the previous life was compiled jointly by multiple medical schools many senior experts taking the realities at the grassroots level as their starting point used concise language to compile the diagnosis and treatment methods for the disease into one book this handbook hailed as a divine book trained numerous barefoot doctors at the grassroots level perfectly solving the problem of access to medical care even if Li Fuxing didn't interfere the Barefoot Doctor's manual would still be published a few years later if it had appeared a few years earlier it might have saved more lives which is ultimately a good thing Old Wong was shocked to hear Chin Chongying's words he never expected that the usually taciturn Lao Qing would have such lofty ideals this project is simply too massive even if the two of us work together it will be very difficult to complete Old Wong sighed Qingchongying wholeheartedly agreed he readily agreed to leave Fu Shing's request but when he actually started writing he found his mind too cluttered and didn't know where to begin he now understands that this is an extremely difficult thing that's why he deliberately said these things in front of Lao Wong hoping to get him involved he also wanted to bring in his retired teacher he was well aware that as long as he completed such a work he would surely be remembered for generations to come no one could resist it yeah that's why I was thinking of getting you old Wong to join me this matter was told to me by Comrade Li Fushing from my institute as you know he really likes to think about things that are beneficial to the people Qin Chongying brought up Li Fushing there's nothing we can do he's just that famous the same comrade Fushing who invented the pressurized water well Old Wang was taken aback yes it's him he told me a lot back then and I think it's feasible I'll ask Lalu about it later even if we have different ideas these things don't matter when it comes to benefiting the people Li Fuxing also told him that whether it's traditional Chinese medicine or western medicine everything that can cure people's illnesses can be summarized in that book as old Wang listened he gradually became excited he was well aware of the immense fame and fortune this matter entailed if his name could be recorded in the books then Old Sheen this isn't something a few people can accomplish we need more colleagues to help Old Wong was excited but he remained rational of course I'd like to invite my teacher to come out of retirement and you should also bring some people from your side when I attend the exchange meeting tomorrow I'll try to bring as many colleagues as possible Shen Chongqing said okay I'll join Comrade fushing is really amazing Old Wong could couldn't help but praise Lee Fushing Shen Chongying agreed he's the most capable young man in our courtyard everyone in the hospital agreed with what he said as dusk fell Li Fuching and his grandparents finished their dinner the countryside at night is indeed a bit boring apart from having babies there's really nothing to do so it's no wonder that showing a movie would attract the whole village Lee Fushing went out with a flashlight fushing where are you going grandma I'm going to take a walk around the village I really have nothing to do but watch your step and be careful grandma instructed Lee Fushing agreed and walked out of the house the cicadas continued their tireless chirping Li Fucheng came out tonight specifically for these cicadas he had arranged to catch them with his men uncle 21 we're here a group of young people gradually gathered around some of them carried torches while the majority of them had come in the dark the moon was very bright tonight and if one looked carefully one could still see the way the village is short of food why don't you catch cicadas to eat the fact that cicadas are edible must have been known in ancient times right someone said uncle 21 everyone has worked all day and no one wants to move they want to rest well because they have to work again the next day it's not worth wasting their energy on this little thing also we can only use torches for lighting making it very difficult to catch them someone else said that's right and cicadas need to be deep fried and we don't have that much oil in our village if Li Fuching hadn't invited them they wouldn't have bothered going out at night Li Fuching understood he had been making assumptions ordinary people know that some things are edible but they also have to consider the actual situation and whether it's worthwhile and they're not the only ones who are wise after we catch all the cicadas come to my house and fry them for us everyone became excited when they heard that they could eat at Li Fuching's house you don't need to produce oil yourself Chapter 106 the best accompaniment to drinks uncle 21 I know a lot about this place follow me someone offered to lead the way the group soon arrived at a Grove of trees at the foot of a mountain this is it just dig it up the man looked at the hole in the ground and knew that there were definitely cicada nymphs hiding underneath cicadas and cicada nymphs are not the same thing the cicada is the adult cicada while the cicada nymph is the larva most rural people know very well that cicada nymphs hide in their burrows before it gets completely dark and all they need to do is dig open the burrows to catch the cicada nymphs lefouching also has some understanding of how to efficiently catch cicada nymphs in later times some people would tie tape to trees and when cicada nymphs climbed onto the tape they would get stuck and unable to climb any further so they had no choice but to submit lefouching has tape but it's not easy to take it out no need to dig look at the tree everyone looked up and followed the beam of Lefouching's flashlight they saw that there were already more than a dozen cicadas clinging to the tree and they could be picked up with ease as soon as it gets dark cicada nymphs will emerge from the ground and climb the nearest tree which is the best time to catch them the group immediately split into several groups and began catching cicadas the person holding the torch was responsible for providing light and collecting things under the tree while another person climbed up the tree to catch them with clear profit sharing efficiency can naturally increases that's too much everyone was somewhat surprised they never expected there to be so many however you can't blame them for not understanding it who would stay up all night to catch this thing it's estimated that only Li Fuching would have such leisure and refined tastes soon everyone had filled a bucket to the brim yes that's all Li Fuching was also somewhat surprised and said take it to my place and have my grandma pack it in a few sacks if you can't finish eating them you can take them out to sell cicada nymphs are considered a traditional Chinese medicine and there will definitely be buyers although the price may vary I'll bring it over someone said something and then carried the cicada nymphs back home uncle 21 look there's a bird sleeping over there someone said everyone looked and saw the bird standing motionless on the branch grab them all together even the smallest ones are still meat slow down don't scare them away he doesn't care whether it will damage the ecosystem if they stop people from making the arrest that would be very unusual and people would probably find it strange let me do it these birds don't wake up easily once they're asleep so they're easy to catch before the man finished speaking he had already climbed up the tree like a monkey he quickly caught the sleeping bird the bird was shaken a few times but didn't wake up which surprisingly fussing if this were in later generations netizens would probably advise against eating it saying it might make people stupid although leifuqing didn't know what kind of bird it was judging from its somewhat strange appearance it was probably a protected animal in later generations no one would dare to catch it as it would take at least three years to catch but now there's no need to worry about that even if we can't afford to eat no one will care someone took the bird twisted it with their hand and killed it cleanly and efficiently Li Fuqing thought this was good dying in one's sleep was less cruel the group then went on to catch cicada nymphs they also caught any birds that were sleeping suddenly a somewhat eerie sound came from the mountains what's so scary you're such a coward someone shuddered in fear and was immediately scolded and you're criticizing me aren't you the same that sound did indeed send shills down one's spine don't be afraid it's just the sound of an owl Li Fushin said there's a reason why owls were considered birds of death by their ancestors the sound of this thing is like a creepy laugh making it sound like a ghost laughing no wonder it's scary fushing didn't think there was anything wrong with it although the owl's call was unpleasant it was a beneficial bird and a natural enemy of mice let's stop here it's too late Li Fuching glanced at the time it was almost 11 o'clock we caught quite a lot tonight six or seven birds and a bucket and a bag and a half of cicada nymphs Li Fushing didn't want the six or seven birds he gave them to the boys everyone moved quietly so as not to wake up Li Fushing's grandparents the elderly people are light sleepers to begin with and if they wake up in the middle of the night they will have even more trouble falling back asleep Li Fushing asked them to clean the cicada nymphs he then arranged for someone to start a fire while he himself poured oil into the pot which terrified the young men if they dared to use oil like that they'd probably get a severe beating from their families however they don't have that much oil at home once the oil started to smoke Li Fuching put the dried cicadas into the pot and fried them in several batches within minutes the cicadas were ripe bring the basin over here Li Fushin said in a low voice everyone quickly handed over the basin their faces full of anticipation Li Fucheng scooped the cicada nymphs into a basin then sprinkled some salt and cumin powder on them and shook it well someone couldn't help but swallow hard this stuff is the perfect accompaniment to alcohol one bite and your mouth is filled with its rich oily flavor we'll divide it up once it's fried Li Fuching said if so many people are arrested at once even if they are divided among more than 10 people each person will get a lot despite everyone moving very quietly Grandpa and grandma still woke up the aroma was so enticing that the neighbors all turned on their lights not to mention the grandparents who lived there grandma felt a pang of heartache when she saw how much oil had been used although she felt sorry for him she didn't say anything afraid of upsetting her grandson Grandpa and grandma did I wake you up have something to eat before you go back to sleep Li Feushing said with some guilt next time I'm going to blow up someone else's house grandpali chuckled and said alright I'll have a couple of sips Li Fucheng was both amused and exasperated why are you thinking about alcohol again well cicada nymphs are indeed a perfect accompaniment to alcohol not long after Uncle Li Dajuan arrived arrests so many he was also taken aback this thing is very easy to catch someone asked uncle 21 are we still making arrests tomorrow night I might be away tomorrow night so you guys go ahead and take this oil back with you remember to send some over after you've fried them all Leifoung instructed it's time to clean up the cicada nymphs their chirping is too annoying we're not afraid of eradicating them completely Cicada nymphs have a strong reproductive capacity and without pesticides or other methods it's impossible to eradicate them by human effort alone everyone was delighted to hear this now that they have uncle 21's oil their biggest worry running out of oil has been solved then distributed the fried cicada nymphs to everyone with each person receiving a little over 1 kg Li Fushing kept a bowl for himself but everyone was happy to accept it as they wouldn't have been able to eat without Li Fuxing's oil uncle 21 we're leaving now go home everyone Li Fuxing nodded let's all go quickly with so many people how could his grandfather possibly have enough wine to go around he asked Li Dali to take the used oil with him after everyone returned home they immediately called their families to eat cicada nymphs together and they all praised the food repeatedly Chapter 107 the old man's statement was proposed by Li Fuching we'll go catch more tomorrow night we've really gone all out there are tons of cicada nymphs in that forest no wonder trees there often die the young man told his family he only just Learned that cicadas grow by absorbing nutrients from trees and are therefore considered a type of pest knowing this there's no psychological burden when it comes to arresting them help me get rid of pests just you wait and see once this gets out a lot of people will definitely go and make a rest tomorrow night his father said even if there are many cicada nymphs with so many people trying to catch them they can't be caught for more than a few days might even arrange for someone to seize them and they'll all belong to the village sure enough the next day as soon as the old party secretary Learned of this news he immediately took it back to the village collective so that no one would quarrel over cicadas if it belongs to the village collective then everyone owns it so there's no need to fight over it the old party secretary even specifically told Li Fuching about this I can handle anything you can just get the oil from Dali Li Fuqing agreed last night a lot of oil was used to fry cicada nymphs almost half a bucket enough to feed the village for a long time the old party secretary must have come to him for this oil however for Li Fuching those oils were nothing special and since they had already been used once he let Li Dali take them away if people in later generations knew that the oil had been stored for so long they would definitely criticize it but right now nobody cares whether the oil has been used or not and nobody cares how long it's been sitting there as long as it hasn't gone bad it's safe to eat and even if it tastes a little off it's fine to eat it anyway when the old party secretary saw that Li Fuching had agreed he left happily he did indeed come to Li Fushing for the oil the villagers were all short of oil and he had no choice but to shamelessly ask for it this old man the older he gets the thicker his skin becomes said Grand Polly Grandpa those oils have been used twice and have been stored for a long time so it's good to use them sooner rather than later hearing his grandson's words Grandpa Lee stopped saying anything else fushing are we going to the steel rolling mill later Old Master Lee asked Li fushing nodded yes I have to go there and I also have to go to the noodle factory afterwards after all I'm on temporary assignment there so I can't just disappear without a trace Mr and Mrs Lee immediately felt a surge of pride it has to be our grandson who's so capable he can hold positions in two factories it would be difficult for others to even get into one but his family's fussing factory is in high demand that means I should go so no one will gossip Old Master Lee said grinning from ear to ear lefouching said grandma if the braised pork ribs you made last night have gone bad don't eat them just see if anyone wants them and give them to him there were some leftover braised pork ribs from last night and given how frugal Grandma Lee and her family are they certainly wouldn't throw them away however Lee Fushing was worried that they would spoil in this hot weather Grandpa and grandma are getting old it wouldn't be worth it if they got sick from eating bad food don't worry grandma won't take it if it gets damaged hearing their grandson's concerned words the two elders were very happy how could I bear to give away braised pork ribs fuchsin added so much sugar when he made this dish adding sugar to braised pork ribs is perfectly normal when it comes to eating sugar no place can compare to Jiangsu province especially Wuxi where they seem to put a little sugar in everything they eat one has to admire that they have been wealthy since ancient times it's not that people elsewhere don't like sweets it's that they can't afford them while Li Fuching was at the steel rolling mill an elderly man named Qin Chongying also arrived at the exchange meeting and met with Guson Yan a giant in the medical field Professor Gu enjoys a high reputation in the medical community today he is not only one of the masters of traditional Chinese medicine but also has the status of a royal physician as the initiator of this exchange meeting he encouraged each of the doctors present he certainly deserves it when it was Qin Chongying's turn Old Goo smiled and patted Qin Chongying on the shoulder making Qin Chongying feel flattered you must be Qin Chongying Old Goo asked with a smile Qin Chongying was stunned he never imagined that a big name in the medical field like Professor Gu would know him it is an absolute honor his voice trembled slightly hello Mr Gu I am Qin Chongying when Elder Gwo called out his name everyone present was taken aback their gazes involuntarily drifted to Qin Chongying wondering who this person was and why Elder Gwo valued him so much gusonians said don't be nervous I heard about your suggestion and I think it's a good idea a suggestion everyone except Qin Chongying became curious Chongying realized that it must have been Old Wong who leaked the information which came to the attention of this medical giant and that's why he a nobody was being noticed he was very excited in fact gusonin was also very excited after hearing about this yesterday and was very curious about who this person named Chin Chongming was as soon as he arrived today he asked the staff identified the target and secretly observed him for more than 10 minutes Gusonian also took the opportunity to introduce Chin Chongying to everyone ladies and gentlemen you may not recognize this comrade Chin Chongying I will not comment on his medical skills but he has a very grand idea that deserves our support and praise as everyone knows rural healthcare in our country is currently very backward and the situation is not optimistic leaders have also noticed the problem of difficulty Comrade Shen Chiang's grand idea was to combine the efforts of many medical workers to compile a simple and practical book that could solve most common diseases so that literate people could be trained in a short period of time to become barefoot doctors and serve the rural areas his words were also a way of supporting Qin Chongying hoping that more colleagues could join Qin Chongying in his grand ideal and complete the medical book as quickly as possible so as to train a large number of barefoot doctors for rural areas and solve the problem of rural people's difficulty everyone present was shocked to hear this and their gazes toward Shen Chongqing were filled with admiration Shen Chongqing felt he had reached the Pinnacle of his life the first time in his decades long life he had seen such light I also want to tell you something a high ranking leader attaches great importance to this book and I believe that he will contact Comrade Shen Chongqing soon to ask him as the initiator to complete the compilation of this book I believe that all of you present here will fully support Comrade Chin Chongqing's work Gussonian said immediately expressed their excitement and said they wanted to join this was a once in a lifetime opportunity who wouldn't want to leave their name on that medical book Chin Chongqing was completely dumfounded he never expected things to develop to this point even the top leaders at the top have taken notice and are contacting him to ask him to take the lead and be responsible he felt he didn't have that much ability and the pressure suddenly increased Xin Chongqing quickly explained Elder Gu I want to clarify something this idea of compiling medical books was something a young man in my ward told me Chapter 108 the future female National Scholar he then recounted the whole story from beginning to end seeing that Qin Chongying had given everything without holding back and had taken all the credit for himself everyone admired him even more that young comrade in your courtyard has the people at heart that's excellent Old Gwo nodded in praise Qin Chongying said that's right he also invented a hand pump well and an electric kettle not long ago and it was even in the newspaper both of these inventions are of great use to the people Old Gwo was taken aback when he heard this so the young man in the courtyard you mentioned is Li Fuqing this is getting interesting Guo Siong certainly knew about hand pumps and electric kettles and he strongly agreed with Qin Chongqing's statement that both of these things were of great significance unexpectedly the person who invented these things was the same person who proposed compiling medical books however judging from his inventions of the hand pump this way of thinking is indeed his style not only was Elder Goose shocked but everyone else in the room was also shocked and found it hard to believe I never imagined that Li Fushin was from your courtyard old goose said Qin Chongqing nodded yes I feel that the two sentences he said were very good really tell me about it gusonian was very curious Qin Chongqing then repeated what Li Fushin had said and he was deeply shocked when he heard it as soon as he finished speaking everyone's eyes widened their expressions exactly the same as when Qin Chongqing heard it while said Gusonian LED the applause he liked the words and also became very interested in the young man namely fushing these words were very insightful and resonated with everyone and what's the last line someone asked even though he didn't say those words Xin Chongqing still felt very proud and honored he then said something even more shocking this is a sentence that Li Fushin quoted although it has been turned into a meme by people it is still very relevant in the present era gusonnyan took a deep breath unable to calm his emotions for a long time naturally became the center of this exchange meeting this was the highlight of Qin Chongqing's life he had never been the center of attention like this before and he was filled with gratitude for Li Fushing before attending the exchange meeting he never imagined he would become the center of attention and be the focus of so many people's attention he understood in his heart that this was due to Li and he had already begun to think about how to repay Li fushing after the event ended everyone gradually left but Old Master Goose especially kept Qin Chongying and a few other young people he thought were promising among those young people was Ms Zhang who was from jiangying she was already showing her talent and had lofty ideals she was currently developing a Chinese medicine granule which if successful would become my country's first Chinese medicine granule Old Master Gu was aware of this matter and therefore thought highly of this energetic woman keeping a few people behind is for the purpose of giving them special treatment it's understandable to give outstanding students or colleagues more care and preferential treatment Qin Chongying was now in a dilemma it's about nitroglycerin pills while he hoped to develop the drug independently and enjoy the fame and glory he was also very self aware believing that it would be a long time before he could develop the heart saving pill on his own comrade Shen Chongging if you have any questions please feel free to raise them we can discuss them together said Ms Zhong who was standing next to him when she saw him hesitate Old Gu and the others also turned their attention to Chin Chongying this immediately made Chin Chongying nervous after much hesitation he decided to speak have you ever heard of a medicine called heart saving pill it's used to treat he recounted the story about the nitroglycerin pills such a prescription existed in ancient times did Comrade Lee Fooshing from your institute find it while being surprised Old Gu and the others were also very expectant as doctors they all understood that this drug which effectively inhibits the onset of coronary heart disease was extremely precious coronary heart disease is a major and intractable disease worldwide the west always boasts of its advanced technology it still has no cure for coronary heart disease with the help of traditional Chinese medicine the condition may improve however they also have to admit that the drawback of traditional Chinese medicine is that it takes too long to take effect what shocked them even more was that the nitroglycerin pills were actually suggested by that young man namely fuchsin however since he had already brought it up Qin Chongying decided to be Frank yes he also told me that he remembered that the prescription mainly contained two ingredients quan cheong and borneol from a pharmacological perspective there is indeed no problem Ms Zhong who was standing to the side widened her eyes slightly she had also considered developing a heart saving pill but it was such a long process that she put it aside for the time being her main focus right now is on that Chinese medicine granule bandung dried syrup the development of this particle has now reached a critical stage this heart saving pill is of great significance especially for traditional Chinese medicine I hope everyone will join in the research and development and work together to make this medicine no matter what difficulties you encounter come to me and I will do my best to help you gusonians said he also provides his own ideas to help with the development of the heart saving pill everyone expressed their willingness to contribute to the research after giving a few instructions gusongnin left in a hurry he needed to report the matter of the heart saving pills to his superiors so that it would attract their attention comrade Chin Chongying I wonder if you could introduce me to that young man in your institute Ms Zhang suddenly asked Chin Chongying Chin Chongying immediately agreed of course let's go together I'm going back anyway he then took Ms Zhang into the courtyard when Li Fuqing saw Ms Zhang and Learned her name he was taken aback unexpectedly after many twists and turns the mission of developing the heart saving pill ultimately fell to this national hero but that's good too then I won't have to feel guilty it's wonderful that the nitroglycerin pill was released ahead of schedule especially since it was developed by Ms Zhang you too chat have lunch here Qin Chongying said with a smile he planned to make this meal quite lavish and he intended to have his wife bring out all the best food to entertain them firstly he was happy and wanted to celebrate and secondly he wanted to treat these two guests well especially Li Fuching Sister Jean please come in Li Fushing said very warmly Ms Jean was somewhat puzzled by Li Fushing's enthusiasm but she was very happy that Li Fushing was close to her the two chatted enthusiastically and Li Fushing occasionally revealed some advanced medical concepts to Ms Jean although they were all very fragmented Ms Zhong was still greatly inspired around noon they had lunch at Chin Chongying's house and then Ms Zhong left in a hurry only one older woman felt sorry for the meal and ate all the food she had stored at home we can't dwell on that if nothing unexpected happens I'll be raising my rank Qin Chongming said with a smile Chapter 1:09 an Old Man's Dear Penis wine upon hearing that her husband was going to be promoted the middle aged woman immediately smiled what's going on she pressed then recounted his experience at the exchange meeting it's all thanks to fushing you should take the medicinal wine I made a few years ago to fushing later Chin Chongying said to his wife the woman immediately agreed okay I'll send it to fushing right away hearing her husband say it was thanks to fushing the woman didn't hesitate she immediately took out the jar of deer Antler wine her husband had brewed wiped the dust off the jar and hurriedly delivered it to Leif Fushing she was also a little surprised because her husband usually treasured this deer penis wine and wouldn't let anyone in the family touch it Fushin knew that this deer penis wine was a good thing so he accepted it without hesitation even if he doesn't need this aphrodisiac he can give it as a gift he poured out the deer penis wine and divided it into two jars he took one jar back to Ligi Oswayng and prepared to give the other jar to his father in law Uncle Sue in the afternoon Li Fuxing rode his bicycle to the noodle factory it should be called an instant noodle factory now the factory changed its name a few days ago and the production line in the workshop is being upgraded there are also construction teams carrying out expansion work around the factory upon hearing that Li Fushing had arrived factory director Wei immediately rushed over any further suggestions regarding Fushing's work he asked there's no rush we need to produce a batch first and try exporting it abroad we also need to adjust the flavors according to market demand and produce in a targeted manner we can launch a variety of flavors and styles it's just a matter of changing the ingredient packets we could make a variety of different flavors such as spicy beef noodles or tomato beef noodles we also need to establish a dedicated RD lab to research new flavors so that consumers can have more choices factory director Wu's eyes lit up as if he had discovered a new continent factory director Wei nodded repeatedly this makes the Instant Noodle Factory's products more competitive he immediately arranged for someone to write it down fushing our factory can offer you 10 job openings but you can only be assigned to them once the second production workshop is operational factory director Wei said to leave fushing in a low voice Lee Fushing nodded okay thank you Uncle Wai factory director Wade chuckled no need for formalities between us father and son I have other things to attend to so I'll have to keep you company if you have any good suggestions in the future remember to come to me directly of course Uncle Wai you can rest assured the Noodle factory has expanded its workforce by at least 8 or 900 people this time and we can secretly give Lee Fushing 10 spots which is quite generous even the factory manager doesn't have the final say in the factory especially after the Instant Noodle factory was upgraded in status and higher UPS also sent people to the factory to supervise however Director Wei still oversees production and holds most of the power in the factory after staying for more than an hour Li Fuqing left the Instant Noodle factory there's no rush to bring out the bottled noodles now we need to proceed gradually arranged for people to speed up the production line debugging process striving to produce the first batch of instant noodles there's no need to test the waters in overseas markets Hong Kong would be perfectly fine he also plans to attend the Canton Fair in the fall to see if he can secure any orders he then convened another meeting to arrange the specific details as dusk fell Li Fuqing took a jar of deer Antler wine that had been divided up and a pile of food to Uncle Su's courtyard house Grandpa is my Uncle Su home as soon as I got to the door I ran into the old man in the yard I had seen him several times and we had gradually become familiar with each other Li Fuxing handed the old man a cigarette bringing so much stuff are you planning to propose marriage to your Uncle Sue he's at home we'll have to wait until Chinner graduates sir could you please call Uncle Sue for me Li Fuching was no longer as shy as before and could now handle such teasing with ease the old man who had taken the cigarette nodded in agreement okay I'll go call him soon Summingda arrived quickly come in and have a seat Summingda said when he saw the pile of things covered the back of Li Fushing's tricycle he guessed what it was like and was very happy as for what he said it was naturally meant for others to hear I need to trouble Uncle Sue with something let's talk as we walk Li Fuqing said mimicking the gesture after the two had walked a distance Sue Mingda asked Fuqing what did you bring this time some pork some flour and rice and some Kung fu I also brought some dear Antler wine for you Uncle Sue it was brewed by an old man in our compound he's a doctor at the steel mill Summing's smile grew even wider the meat and eggs they ate last time were a great boost for their colleagues at the research institute and their condition visibly improved which also accelerated the pace of their research these things should last for 20 or 30 days without any problem okay take the deer Antler wine back for me and give me the rest summing up said getting on his tricycle and heading towards Old Yang's place Old Yang's residence is mostly occupied by family members of the research institute staff so there's no need to hide it Lee Fushing returned to Sue Mingda's courtyard house with a jar of Dear Antler wine fushing why did you bring things again where is your Uncle Sue didn't he come out looking for you Aunt Sue asked suspiciously because it was evening Li Fuxing's girlfriend Su Xian as well as his two sisters in law Su Fong and Su Hui were also at home Su Hui was young and kept looking at the jar in Li Fuxing's hand thinking it looked like something delicious Uncle Sue went out for a bit so I came in leifushin said with a smile Aunt Sue snorted what else could be so important the future son in law has arrived but he ran away how can he do that people will laugh at him if they hear this Li feushing put down the jar Aunt Sue this is Dear Antler wine brewed by an old man in my courtyard Aunt Sue knew very well that this stuff was an aphrodisiac especially effective for middle aged men she nodded and quickly took it inside and hid it then she went to cook and instructed her three daughters to take care of leifoung brother Fushing the candy you gave me last time was really sweet Suhwee asked Li Fushing indirectly if he had brought her any food Li Fushing could tell from that and said with a smile I have something even better to eat you can wait at home as soon as he left Su Qian and Su Fong told their mother about it suhwee was immediately scolded antsu certainly knew how precious deer Antler wine was she brought such a good thing for her father in law yet you still asked him for food is this how you've always been taught Summinga had already arrived at Yong Gu Chung's house old young hurry up and come out to move things Sumida shouted these days if you have food in your hand you can stand tall old SIU what did you bring this time young Guocheng asked curiously when he saw the bulging back of the tricycle fuking helped us find them quickly distribute them to everyone we can't let the younger generation suffer losses Sumida couldn't let his future son in law suffer any losses chapter 1 10 no one can resist ice cream Yong Guocheng and the others quickly stepped forward and surrounded the tricycle taking advantage of the fact that no one was paying attention they quickly moved their belongings inside those are eggs Su Mingda quickly reminded him the people carrying the load slowed their pace considerably with so many eggs each family can get quite a lot there is also meat and refined grains the supplies also included some canned meat currently domestically produced canned goods are mainly exported making it extremely difficult to even get a taste must have put in a lot of effort to get this box of canned goods soon everyone moved all their belongings to Young Gu Juan's house closed the door and prepared to divide them up although Shu Jian and the others are not in the courtyard they are all people from our research institute so they should also get a share Young Gu Juan said of course I'll call the letter over someone said Shu Jian's house is not far from here just a few courtyards away after discussing it everyone decided to calculate the price of these items first and then have those present pool their money so that Su Mingda could deliver it to Li Fu shing they were all colleagues of Li Fuqing's father as elders they couldn't let the younger generation suffer losses so they offered quite high prices Su Mingda took his belongings and the money that everyone had pooled together and prepared to leave revival is still waiting for him at home old Sue please convey our gratitude to fushing their wages are not low but resources are too scarce so their families don't eat well but they understood the country's difficulties so they didn't complain everyone in the country is living a hard life now and many people are having a much harder time than they are alright I'm leaving now Sumida nodded turned around and left Li Fuching went out into the yard for a walk then went back carrying a large Styrofoam box containing some Arctic Ocean soda a few ice creams two watermelons and a duck Arctic Ocean soda was very famous in Beiping and no child disliked drinking it except for the Arctic Ocean soda all of these items were bought from Pindo Duo Fushing we can't keep spoiling that brat like this Aunt Su said seeing that Su Hui was in low spirits Li Fushing knew that the girl had been scolded this has nothing to do with shall we Aunt Sue it's me Aunt Sue waved her hand fussing there's no need to cover for her I as her mother know what she's thinking as he spoke he glanced at Sou Hui seemingly rebuking her for her lack of manners with his eyes Li Fushin gave Sou Hui a helpless look before opening the Styrofoam box upon seeing this Sou Hui immediately jumped up with joy grinning from ear to ear we have Arctic Ocean watermelon and watermelon Sichuan and Sichuan also came over when Aunt Sue saw the watermelon and the duck this gift is too precious just one item alone is enough to make it seem very expensive she then lightly patted Su Hui on the forehead look at you making such a fuss Li Fushin took out the ice cream let's eat this first almost no woman can resist ice cream especially in this day and age and many people have never even seen it it's milk flavored how much would it cost if it were made with milk Aunt Sue took a bite and was somewhat surprised although it was delicious it was still too expensive besides this kind of thing is rare and it's unclear how fushin got it I don't know either Li Fuching still used the same excuse anything that was hard to explain was always given to him by a friend Su Chien and Su Fong ate it in small bites thinking it was the most delicious thing in the world so we wanted to take the watermelon out but Li Fuxing said this has been chilled so it won't be cold outside the Styrofoam box contains crushed ice to keep it at a low temperature the watermelon had been chilled for a long time and Li Fushin had kept it in his backpack Sutchin glanced at Li Fushin secretly a blush creeping onto her cheeks when Sue Mingda returned home he was equally surprised when he saw what was in the Styrofoam box where did you buy this meat and flour Aunt Sue was still unaware of the situation the husband went out and brought these things back suming da looked at Li Fushin and seeing Li Fushin shake his head slightly I went to my colleague's house specifically to ask for it because Fushin was here Aunt Sue squinted her eyes she didn't quite believe her husband's words your colleagues seem to be starving too right you wouldn't always be taking things from home with you by the way Chinner are you free next Friday Li Fushin immediately changed the subject this statement had a great effect and everyone immediately turned to look at them Su Qian said softly I have class next Friday but I'll just ask for leave won't it cause any delays Li Fuqing asked Aunt Sue thought it was Fuqing who invited her daughter to play so she said it's such a short time nothing will be delayed you can catch up on it when you get home fushing is something wrong Sumida keenly sensed that something was amiss given Fushing's personality he would never ask his daughter out during class it seemed that something important had happened otherwise wouldn't it be better to do it on the weekend why do it a day earlier therefore it shouldn't be a date well my grandma's birthday is this Friday and I was thinking of having a small Celebration with two tables Uncle Sue are you free he remembered that Friday was his grandmother's birthday and had started preparing for it long ago I should be free even if something urgent comes up your Aunt Sue can take them over Su Mingda said immediately what he liked most about Li Fuching was his filial piety what father in law in the world wouldn't like a filial son in law Aunt Sue asked how old is your grandmother on her birthday she needs to prepare properly and not be impolite it's exactly his 60th birthday this is a birthday Celebration that Chinese people usually hold in great detail okay we'll definitely go then where should we hold it Aunt Su then asked it's not very convenient to live in a traditional courtyard house in the city Li Fuching replied we advocate thrift and frugality nowadays so we can't hold extravagant celebrations it's inappropriate for you to hold a birthday party everyone in the country is going through tough times after dinner as it grew dark Li Fuching took his leave after Li Fuching left Aunt Sue said to Sue Mingda Old Sue I won't talk about what happened before but you have to go this time no matter what this guy has a history of cancelling birthday celebrations for his family members Summinga said helplessly I'll coordinate with the institute in advance to free up Friday his previous broken promises were out of necessity as the research was crucial and he was indispensable that would be for the best Aunt Sue snorted she then turned around collected the leftover watermelon rinds washed and peeled them and made another pickled vegetable dish as soon as lefouching arrived at the courtyard he saw Le Dali and the others there but what happened to their eyes they were so swollen did you get stung by a bee why do I get hurt every time we meet and why are the hurts different each time he was speechless what's going on the man next to him scratched his head and said Uncle 21 we're having a lucky day pretty good Li Fushing frowned slightly is this what you call being lucky Chapter 111 Poached Eggs and noodles all you can eat Leadali said we were quite lucky we caught four Roe deer a silly Roe deer lefouching smiled there's no need to fight this thing is there you can catch it easily if you run into it silly Roe deer are quite silly but also very curious sometimes they won't run away when they see people they'll have to get closer to take a look was this really fought over these they came up to us on their own we caught two and the other two were knocked unconscious by themselves Lee Fushing nodded slightly upon hearing this that's right they were really lucky finding a silly road deer is like finding a freebie so how did you get this injury someone glared at leedalley resentfully it's all because of this kid he attracted a swarm of wasps Lee Fushing sighed and said I think you should stop following him this kid's name is Dolly he's really clumsy when he gets things done and he's also incredibly unlucky sooner or later he'll drag you down with him pulling at the bump on his face until it stung these kids won't make it without me Lee Fuchsing exclaimed in surprise this guy is no match for you he couldn't even imagine what usually Dolly could be a few people nearby said it's strange we don't encounter anything when we go up the mountain by ourselves but when we go with him we always have prey they couldn't understand it but it really was that strange Li Fuching took them to an old man's house to get some medicine applied actually Li Dali brought these guys here to treat their injuries if they carried such a big bag home they would inevitably get a beating from their families and be laughed at by the villagers those kids would probably gossip about them for days but they did have a very good harvest this time each of them had caught a Roe deer which although not big weighed at least 30 or 40 kilograms the neighborhood committee buys it at 12 UAN per kilogram and after calculating the net weight each person can get 30 to 40 yuan it's almost the same as a regular worker's monthly salary how could I not be satisfied even if you get stung by a wasp it won't kill you so there's nothing to be afraid of if Li Fuxing knew what they were thinking he would definitely tell them that wasps can really sting people to death judging from their injuries it wasn't necessarily caused by wasp stings this thing is extremely poisonous far more so than to be while the others were applying the medicine Li Fuching went to courtyard number 65 and called Li Dawei over take these few with you and stay overnight at Doguan Li Fuching instructed it was already dark and Li Fuching was worried about them so he simply let them stay in the city for the night since there was somewhere else to sleep if there's no bed we'll sleep on the floor it's the middle of summer now so we won't get cold let De Guan cook some noodles for them Li Fuching added indicating he didn't want to go there again after they finished applying the medicine Li Dawei LED them to the courtyard where De Guan lived only De Guan and Qing Yuan lived in the courtyard and there was enough space Dawei is this really uncle 21's courtyard ledali and the others looked around curiously as soon as they entered the courtyard they all envied ledawan greatly not only did he become an apprentice but he also moved to the city if nothing unexpected happens he'll most likely become a doctor that's wonderful the work is relatively easy and the salary isn't low yes uncle 21 said that people from our village can stay here temporarily when they come in lidoi said yes it's temporary accommodation those who come to work in the city must move out once the factory has assigned them accommodation making room for them when Lu Cheng Yun saw the disheveled appearance of ledali and the others he couldn't help but burst into laughter after laughing he took out noodles and a few eggs and made poached eggs with noodles eat more and we'll cook more if you're still hungry that room has been cleaned so you can stay there Lu Ching Yun said they were all quite familiar with each other Lu Ching Yun had been to Ligi Oswayng several times thank you brother Ching Yun they were all young people and they quickly struck up a lively conversation ledali didn't hide his hunting earnings although he couldn't talk about it in the village it was fine outside Daguan and Li Dawei were both from the village they now worked in the city so of course they weren't envious of his meager earnings so hunting is pretty good for you guys why do you have to come to the city to work if it were him he would definitely be willing to do this not only can he earn money but he also has freedom if you get a job in the factory you have to work regular hours Li Fushin's situation is an exception Li Dali said that won't do if you keep walking by the river you'll drown sooner or later Lu Cheng yuan laughed and said wrong that's called no one can avoid getting their shoes wet he thought he was illiterate enough but he never expected that there were people even more illiterate than him now he found Ledali and the others more and more agreeable they all mean the same thing loaching you inside thinking is drowning in emotions the same as getting wet shoes if you go up the mountain too often you're bound to run into some dangerous creatures you might die in an instant so it's better to be a worker it's stable and you can live in the city ledali said however there is one more crucial point even if you have money in the countryside you may not be able to buy food and other supplies but if you come to work in the city and transfer your household registration you can eat commercial grain the group chatted until very late after lidali and the others had fallen asleep luching un took it out 10 kilograms of goods from Pendoduo's 1 cent flash sale section as scheduled this time it's 10 pounds of beef it's not bad he plans to save it for his grandmother's birthday he's going to bring some eggs that can hatch chicks back to the village today he doesn't need many about 400 will be enough at first glance the quantity seems large but when spread across a mountain it appears to be quite small considering that Ligi Oswayng's capacity to raise too many animals is limited the resources of that mountain alone can only support a maximum of about 400 Li Fushin would also occasionally release some insects onto the mountain on their way back to the village they happened to run into Li Dali and his group the old man's medicine was incredibly effective the swelling had gone down in just one night and you couldn't even see it unless you looked closely I'm leaving now you guys take your time Li Fushin said there's only one bicycle not enough to carry them all upon entering Ligi Oswayng the villagers all came forward to greet Li Fushin Lee Fushing responded to each of them he went to the school first and left some purchased supplies including 10 kilograms of Highland barley there's no need to use this stuff to brew wine since he doesn't like wine in Pendoto's backpack were more than 20 bottles of various famous wines how you eat this is up to you Li Fuqing said before leaving and his daughter stared blankly at the barley this stuff is definitely grain and with some other things it'll be enough to feed their school for a long time let the villagers grind it into powder and eat it this type of grain is basically ground into flour for consumption he immediately went out to call for help the villagers were in complete agreement they all worked for the school for free the students ate for free in the cafeteria so helping the school was only right when it's time to harvest the wheat the school will give us a holiday so that the students can help with the work Chapter 112 Wang Hua's snack box is saved what is Annie going to do as soon as Li Fuxing arrived home he saw young made dressed neatly as if she was about to go out she's going back to her parents home grandma said so they sent that little girl Fei Fei over saying she'd only be going back for a day one day Li Fuxing asked is your third aunt's house very close by yongmei said it's in Honchi Village Hoshan Commune about a two hour drive away she was quite worried about her family before her own family was struggling and she couldn't help them but now that things were better she was able to help them a little more especially her three children who eat well with their eldest brother every day have all gained weight recently she occasionally came along for a meal and was able to eat something nice but she couldn't help but miss her parents when I went back home for Chinese New Year before my parents cooked all the chickens they raised to entertain them although she was worried she didn't tell her husband last night Li Dajuan brought it up himself asking her to bring some things to visit his parents today she was deeply moved upon hearing this it's not close anymore uncle aren't you going he would certainly like yongmei to visit her parents home and help her if he could he has to work and he can't do without an adult at home aren't my grandparents and I all adults wangya call your dad back Young May felt a warmth in her heart Li Fuching truly treated them like family Li Fuching said to his grandmother grandma let third aunt take some of those sausages back with her and let her take the half bag of potatoes too do you have any more kin goods yongmei waved her hands repeatedly fushing no need I brought some with me before she could finish speaking Grand Mali interrupted her what can you bring sweet potatoes or something don't refuse just remember fushing's good deeds although her grandson brought all the things back he still let her make the decisions which she appreciated her grandson always took into account her and her husband's feelings moreover young may and her husband have been very devoted to her and her husband over the years and she can feel it therefore she was happy to listen to her grandson and let young may take some things back with her it is only right to fulfill one's filial duties after saying that old Mrs Lee went inside to get something leaving the half bag of potatoes aside for Li Dajuan to carry Yong May's eyes were a little red that half bag of potatoes weighed at least 30 or 40 pounds enough to feed my parents until the harvest was over sausages and canned goods were things her family could never access even if she hadn't gone back and didn't know what was going on in her family's situation judging from the situation in other villages it couldn't be much better she understood of course that her nephew was helping her save face even without sausages and canned goods that half bag of potatoes alone was enough to make her hold her head high at her parents home Fuching took out the remaining jar of Dear Antler wine Grandpa this deer Antler wine was given to you by Dr Qin from our hospital you should drink a little every day but not too much deer Antler wine is not only aphrodisiac but also has other health benefits and it is good for the elderly to drink a little Grandpa Lee's eyes narrowed into slits with laughter okay before long Uncle Li Dajuan arrived third uncle have you Learned how to ride a bicycle ride mine and take third aunt with you I won't be going back to the city for the next couple of days Li Dajuan immediately burst into laughter whenever he has free time these days he uses his nephew's bicycle to learn and now he can ride it uncle won't stand on ceremony with you young may hurriedly went home and put a box back with so many things already it wouldn't be right to take what my daughter hid Wang Hua was unaware of this and was circling around her older brother lefouching occasionally patting his back this little girl had used this method to get food quite a few times luckily her mother had a change of heart otherwise if she had gone back and seen it she probably would have cried herself to death Lee Dudjian rode his bicycle and happily left with his wife with so much food he was going to be very prestigious and would definitely be the model son in law of Honchi Village riding a bicycle is much faster and it took less than an hour to reach Honchi village the villagers of Honchi village recognized the bayberry at a glance it's Xiao Mei Yongmei noticed that the villagers all looked pale and thin and knew that the village was not doing well Li Dajuan stopped the car took out cigarettes and offered them to everyone the villagers watched Li Dajuan and his wife's retreating figures with envy after all it was a bicycle Yang Mei's husband seemed quite capable moreover they all saw what Yang Mei was holding and even through the bag they could guess that it contained grain food is so scarce right now yet she's bringing so much back to her parents home Xiao Mei has made it big of course this bicycle must cost several hundred yuan in their honchi village only the party secretary's family owns one when yongmei got married all said that her husband's family was not doing well and that she would suffer if she married into their family I never imagined they would be doing so well now stop talking finish your cigarettes and get to work in less than a month we'll be able to harvest the wheat let's all work harder said the man in the lead Li Dajuan and his wife soon arrived at a somewhat dilapidated house sister in law sister in law the children playing by the door recognized Li Dajuan and his wife and ran up to them calling out to them these children were all wearing only pants and were shirtless yongmei has two older brothers and these children belong to their families two other older children are not here they've probably gone to help with chores the children in Honchi village are far less fortunate than those in Lichi who not only have access to education but also have enough to eat compared to Ligi Oswayng this place seems to be in a completely different world yongmei put down half a bag of potatoes then took out a handful of candy which was also given to her by Li Fushin go and call your grandparents over yongmei distributed the candy to the children the children's hands were covered in dust but they didn't care there aren't many rules in the countryside it's estimated that only her nephew would allow her three children to wash their hands before they could eat Auntie I want one too after receiving the candy the children ran to find their grandparents the youngest one was slow and chased after the others while crying Yongmei then went inside and started tidying up she couldn't stay idle Old Yong your son in law is really something he just arrived on his bicycle when Yongmei's parents were returning home they ran into other villagers upon hearing this the two elders were taken aback at first they didn't believe it but since the villagers all said so they had no choice but to believe it as well what's so impressive about it maybe it's just something you borrowed from someone else to ride Yongmei's father said the elderly couple hurried home as fast as they could sure enough there was a bicycle parked in front of the door and their son in law Li Dajuan was wiping it down the Germans are back Yongmei's mother was very happy Li Dajuan said with a smile it's been too long since I've been here I've missed you all mom why didn't you dig more hand pump wells in Honchi village he had inquired about it on his way here honchi village only has two hand pump wells and he seriously doubts that this is enough Yongmei's mother said we've found a spring in our village so we still have enough water Li Dajuan nodded then took out a Dacia men's cigarette and handed it to his father in law Chapter 113 so none of us are the biological children of the Lee family patriarch when Li Dajuan accompanied his wife back this time he brought two packs of cigarettes Dacia Men for his father in law and brother in law and regular cigarettes for the villagers is this really how developed we are we even have bicycles now old young asked as soon as he saw it was Decuman Liudjian said dad I was riding my nephew's bike your nephew is quite capable liudjian laughed and said that's right he invented the pressure well and received quite a few awards for it the father in law and mother in law were both stunned the son in law has a close nephew which they both know they were all initially dissatisfied with their son in law their own family was in such a state yet he went to take care of two elderly people he was just asking for trouble your nephew invented the pressure well he stared wide eyed seeing his father in law's surprise ledajuan said proudly of course the bonus alone is several hundred but this bicycle was left to him by his father he didn't buy it himself our family is getting better and better thanks to the revitalization project he wasn't showing off to his parents in law he just wanted to prove that his choice was right and that his daughter hadn't suffered because of him doesn't that bring a reward he was the envy of everyone in the village they said he had a sharp eye for talent by marrying intili fushings grandparents he was sure to live a good life father mother come inside yongmei called out as she peeked out of the house upon hearing the voice after her parents went inside yongmei took things out the first thing they brought out was two cans of pears she said mother this canned food was given to you by Fuchsing the nephew of the German soldier he said you should try it the elderly couple were surprised to see that it was even in the city canned goods are in high demand this is too valuable take it with you when you leave seeing his father in law's stern face lydajuan said dad my nephew is a purchasing agent at the steel rolling mill he doesn't need this he likes my three sons very much as soon as he heard we were coming he told us to bring them we can't not bring them Yong May also said yes it's fortunate that we helped take care of my uncle and aunt back then so they were able to enjoy the good life with fushing and wonkai Li Didjuan coughed lightly a few times Young May immediately stopped talking and didn't continue there's no need to talk about what happened at school even if they knew Honchi Village didn't have the resources to learn it seeing this the elderly couple stopped asking questions but I was still a little scared I never thought that their obstruction at the time would almost cause my daughter's family to lose this opportunity Yong may stop talking about school when Wan Kai grows up fushing will send him to work in the city we also plan to find a chef to be Wan Ye's mentor so he can learn to cook her parents were shocked once again it's really hard to find a job in the city it seems that the son in law's nephew is quite fond of Wonkai and his two siblings I can't believe it if he hadn't known that it was his son in law's nephew who invented the pressure well he would have thought it was just bragging yongme then took out sausages her parents reacted very calmly this time having already made arrangements for the future of their two children compared to that this sausage was like a drizzle the elderly couple were very glad that their son in law hadn't listened to them back then and insisted on taking care of those two now they were reaping the rewards mother these are all potatoes keep them and eat them slowly her mother was very happy when she saw the potatoes with so many people in her family to feed she knew all too well how difficult it was for the past few years she had been scrimping and saving with the laborers eating at the village canteen which mainly consisted of thin gruel the children could only eat at home but what food was there they were all crying from hunger thank you Xiao Mei this is a lifesaver Yong Mei said it wasn't me it was my nephew fushing otherwise our family would be in trouble too and we wouldn't be able to help you at all please give my thanks to your nephew these food items especially the half bag of potatoes were a godsend for their family after a while Yongmei's older brother and sister in law also returned home they had heard the news on their way so they were filled with great hope my sister didn't disappoint them either bringing back so many things their family won't have to go hungry now both of her sisters in law spoke very kindly to young May which made young may feel very proud these two sisters in law had not treated her so well even if she didn't say it she could sense it ultimately it's just that she married poorly and some people look down on her now the situation has reversed people keep saying nice things to her and praising her three children for being sensible and smart they ate potatoes for lunch reluctant to eat sausages and canned goods even so they ate very happily as there are very few families in the village who can afford potatoes these days meanwhile Li Fushin who was in lijiazuiang told his grandfather about the job opening at the instant noodle factory 10 in total that's a lot the grandfather and grandson could already foresee that if this news got out their house would be overflowing with people opportunities to work in a factory were rare and hard to come by it is no exaggeration to say that putting on that worker's uniform would bring about a dramatic change in one's fate Grandpa Li and Grandma Li were very proud when their grandson told them that this was a reward for him inventing instant noodles my grandson is really something this matter cannot be taken lightly fuchsing call the party secretary and the brigade leader over and tell them I'd like to invite them for drinks said old masterly okay Li Fushing then invited the old party secretary both of them were very puzzled Grandpa Li Fushing was inviting them for drinks this was too unusual and they had no idea what was going on Old Master Li actually set out some cicada nymphs and a bottle of fine wine it seems like they want something from you uncle if you need anything just say so there's no need to treat us to drinks but he still sat down took a sip of wine without any hesitation and picked up a cicada nymph yes uncle you can arrange it directly Grandpali Fushing chuckled it's a matter of moderate importance fushing invented something again recently and the brigade leader were both stunned for a moment then looked at li fushing together has he invented something again so this ancestor only protected one person and none of the others were his biological children this the old party secretary began tentatively you invited us for drinks are you just trying to show off Grandpa Lee cleared his throat the noodle factory said it would give fushing 10 job openings I called you here to discuss how to handle this matter and how much money to charge and the brigade leader both widened their eyes if it's about taking money then that's only right I've already given one to Dawei's sister Shaoren so there are nine left and the brigade leader were very excited this was a great opportunity that fushing had won for their village if you ask me let's just decide by drawing lots it's all about luck I've heard that one job position costs about six or 7 hundred yuan let's take the middle No. 650 yuan the captain said what if we can't raise 650 yuan Chapter 114 it all came down to Ladali's luck everyone knew the situation in the village although they weren't so poor that they had no savings each family could only scrape together 100 or 200 yuan at most there's no need to give it to them right away just give them a little bit each month after they start working and that will ease their pressure but 650 yuan is a bit too much so let's just say 550 yuan even if a family is so poor they can't afford to eat if they win the lottery they can go to work and the brigade leader admired Lee Fushing even more that reduces the price by 100 yuan but the total cost for all spots is 1000 yuan let's set another age Grand Polly Fushing at it we should give young people more opportunities which age group do you think would be more suitable let's go between 16 and 24 alright I'll go and issue a notice right away so that people in this age group can draw lots the old party secretary and the brigade leader said as they got up and left quickly refusing to drink or eat any of the wine or cicadas of course they can distinguish between what's important and what's not after the two left Li Fuching said to his grandmother Grandma Friday is your 60th birthday I'm planning to set up two tables to celebrate Uncle Sue and the others will also come Grandma Li's eyes immediately welled up with tears her son has never celebrated her birthday even once and he hardly ever asks about it sometimes she wonders how can this little rascal be so heartless okay but you have to be frugal old Mrs Lee nodded with a smile she also knew that the SIU family that Li Fuxing mentioned were her future in laws and she could take this opportunity to meet her granddaughter in law once Li Fuxing gets married and has children the elderly couple will have no regrets don't worry grandma I'll definitely be frugal I'm thinking of just inviting a few old party secretaries and other elderly people over 65 and giving each family some peanuts or something to eat that should be enough Li Fushin said Grandpa Li nodded slightly agreeing with his grandson's statement it would be outrageous to invite the entire village to a continuous feast he remembered his 60th birthday at that time Fuchsing was not yet employed but they still prepared in advance and cooked him a bowl of longevity noodles which moved him to tears they tend to become more sentimental and the brigade leader have already gathered everyone in the village everyone was puzzled they were working when they were called over could it be something important secretary what do you need us for we still have work to do in the fields the old party secretary cleared his throat and everyone immediately quieted down he then spoke in about a month the Noodle factory will be expanding its recruitment fuchsin got 10 slots and one has already been given to Shao Ren there are nine left so we're having you come here the scene erupted in chaos this is a chance to become a worker shut up everyone be quiet the captain shouted everyone stopped discussing and looked at the old party secretary and the brigade leader with expectant eyes even if Shao Ran was given a spot there were only nine left but the probability was still not small even though Shao Ran and her mother had suspected it they were still pleasantly surprised we'll decide the remaining nine spots by drawing lots those who don't get a spot can't blame anyone else let's make it clear beforehand these spots aren't given away for free I asked the captain about the price and it was at least 6 or 700 yuan but fuching only charged before the old party secretary could finish speaking he was interrupted by the villagers everyone said their families simply couldn't afford that much money shut up let the party secretary finish speaking the brigade leader glared the villagers then quieted down again the old party secretary continued fuking has already taken into consideration that everyone can't come up with that much money all at once he said that if you win the lottery you can take a little from your monthly salary to pay it back instead of paying it all at once upon hearing this everyone beamed with joy alright everyone between the ages of 16 and 24 including those who are 16 and 24 both men and women Fuxing demanded that men and women be treated equally otherwise given these people's old fashioned thinking definitely let the men have this good opportunity first since the girls are going to marry into other families anyway those whose age range was not included were greatly disappointed Leadali and his companions who were standing in the crowd almost burst out laughing these days they risk going up the mountain to hunt hoping to get a job in the city now the opportunity has come if I can win the lottery I won't have to go up the mountain to hunt and earn money anymore I can just pay back a little bit every month after I start working people of this age step forward their face is filled with anticipation whether their fate would change depended on this draw at the same time they all felt grateful to uncle 21 especially the girls they are not valued from a young age a situation that is common in many places and they are basically not involved in any good things in the family but now uncle 21 has given them this opportunity these people lined up in order and drew lots one by one the fortune sticks are made of wood if there are words hidden on the bottom end you've won if there are no words you can only blame your bad luck how many did you take kid the old party secretary asked leaddolly leaddolly chuckled and said secretary this belongs to several of us the old party secretary asked the others are you willing to let him help with the drawing if only one is hit whose is it that's a problem too the others nodded we're willing they all thought that ladali was exceptionally lucky so they let him do things that relied on luck you guys take five sticks this time so make sure you divide them well I don't have time to resolve your disputes if you get all of them right or none of them right then it's okay but the probability of that happening is indeed quite low let him draw it out and then the rest of us will draw it again the group had already agreed on this alright the old party secretary stopped trying to stop him Le Dolly casually pulled out five sticks and actually won two of them his luck was indeed quite good those around frowned slightly upon seeing this there were only 9 spots available and now two were gone Le Dolly and the others cheered with Joy Dolly I knew you could do it you're really lucky kid after that the five of them had to draw lots again a probability of 2/5 is obviously much higher I'll go first no objections right Le Dali said he won both of these spots by luck so being the first to draw them shouldn't be a problem right the other four nodded okay you go first Ledali casually picked up a slip of paper that he thought was quite right he vaguely remembered that before it was scrambled this was one of the two slips with characters on it but he suddenly hesitated for a moment and then as if possessed switched to another one after he finished drawing someone took away the one he had initially chosen Lee Dolly felt a sudden darkness before his eyes he had drawn a white lot looking back he discovered that the person who had drawn the first lot from him had actually won it's so painful dolly you're really a good friend the man said with a chuckle chapter 1 15 by shining a light on the egg you can tell if it can hatch into a chick seeing this scene everyone sighed realizing that Ledali had done all the work for someone else soon everyone had finished drawing lots the answer has been revealed of the 9 spots for were drawn by girls if Shao Ran is included then 5 spots were allocated to girls the captain sighed neither of his children had won the lottery they were really unlucky however the process was fair so there's nothing to complain about Xiao Wen give your spot to your younger brother when he gets a job in the city he can help you too right a parent advised their daughter the daughter won but the son didn't what's the use of a young girl working she'll get married in a few years and if the spot is given to her wouldn't it be a benefit to an outsider therefore she advised her daughter to give the spot to her younger brother Lise Yawen was very conflicted and reluctant to part with him she understood that this spot was an opportunity to change her fate if she gave it to her younger brother she would only be able to marry any rural man and her life would be hopeless but if they don't give it to their younger brother they might have a falling out with their family if others hear this who knows what they'll say they'll definitely accuse her of being unfilial or something uncle 21 doesn't like unfilial people the old party secretary couldn't stand it anymore and said Fuchsing made arrangements saying that once you draw the lot you can't transfer it I don't want to curse people hearing what the old party secretary said the four girls who were chosen were very happy with uncle 21's words the family could no longer force them to give up their spots no one would want that that's good now uncle 21 is backing them up Xiaowen's mother was helpless and could only say Xiaowen from now on you'll have to take care of the family and your younger brother in short all I want to say is that after my daughter starts working she should remember to help out at home and with her younger brother alright those who didn't win don't look so sad our village is getting better and better besides who knows there might be opportunities in the future he had great faith in Li Fuching afterwards the old party secretary LED the nine people who had drawn lots to find Li Fuching upon arriving at Li Fuching's house we saw him shining a flashlight on the eggs one by one picking and choosing them fushing these nine people have been selected you should talk to them about it Xiao Wen and the others all started calling him uncle 21 Li fushing nodded then I'll just say this I should start working next month we're all from the same village so no matter what happens we have to help each other when you start working you probably won't be assigned a dormitory right away I have a yard where De Guan lives you can move in there together and then move out when the dormitories are assigned and the others secretly praised him saying that he had thought things through very thoroughly Xiao Wen and the others also expressed their gratitude alright go back now I'll take you to work when it's time secretary I have something to tell you Xiao Wen and the others also noticed the look in their eyes and left happily the old party secretary then asked Li Fushing Li Fushing what are you doing check the eggs and pick out any that can't hatch into chicks you can tell just by shining a flashlight on it the old party secretary asked puzzled of course that some eggs wouldn't hatch into chicks but he didn't know why Li Fuqing smiled and picked up an egg explaining secretary look this egg has a black spot inside which means it can hatch chicks if it doesn't it can't so it was that simple after all alright what were you trying to tell me Friday is my grandmother's 60th birthday when the old party secretary heard Li Fuching's words he thought he was going to hold a big Celebration and he was very envious compared to his own grandson he seems so useless they don't even remember his birthday so don't expect them to celebrate it for him you might as well go to sleep early maybe you can still think about it in your dreams really what should we do when Li Fuching spoke it was because this matter required his help I want to invite some respected people in the village as well as elderly people over 65 years old to a feast I estimate I'll need to ask a few people for help okay I'll go and issue a notice then also Jichuan's father in law and mother in law are both old enough should we invite them as well this is a special case even if the elderly couple weren't from lgijaswang they would still be living there permanently in their old age let's call them all together it won't make a difference if we call them two more okay if you need anyone's help just ask them there's definitely no one who wouldn't want to come then the old party secretary called over a few people and together they moved the eggs to the incubator everyone watched with great curiosity as Li Fushing placed the eggs on the shelf is that all Li Fushing said that definitely won't work let's get the stove lit but be careful to control the temperature he arranged for someone to start a fire then took out a thermometer and placed it next to the shelf he also instructed everyone to maintain a certain temperature not too high or too low do you understand everything everyone had seen the thermometer before and Finfin nodded even if you don't understand the principle it's very simple to operate hatching chicks this way only uses a bit more firewood also you need to assign people to take turns monitoring the thermometer to keep track of the fire immediately pointed out four people and asked them to take turns watching over them raising chickens is a major undertaking for LGI Oswayng right now and there's no room for error Li Fuqing then followed Li Jie up the mountain to check on the progress of the enclosure and the erection of the sheds it's just that getting the plastic sheeting is difficult right now otherwise it would be much more convenient Fou shing how do we grow these mushrooms Li Jichang asked after a moment's thought in everyone's mind mushrooms grow naturally and if you want to eat them you just go to the mountains to pick them no one ever thought that mushrooms could actually be grown the key issue is that mushrooms don't have seeds first we need to prepare the mushroom house which is the shed that is being built it must be airtight and kept warm and moist the second is fertilization mainly using livestock manure as well as things like straw and stalks therefore raising chickens is crucial as chicken manure can be used as fertilizer finally there's planting Li Fuching said Li Jichang was still baffled mushrooms don't have seeds right so how do you grow them mushrooms do not have seeds they reproduce using a layer of spores on their surface that are difficult to see with the naked eye although Li Jichang didn't understand he gradually felt relieved after hearing Li Fushing's clear and logical explanation he was most afraid that Li Fushing would go to such lengths only to end up with nothing to show for it and become a laughing stock Li Fushin gave a few more instructions and then left in honchi village Li Dajuan and his wife finished lunch why don't you stay one more night before you leave Yongmei's mother said reluctantly mom we still have a lot to do at home we'll come back in a while young may said she needs to go back to see her child and can't be away for too long she's very happy that she can come back today Chapter 116 so young and already wanting to be an ingrate time to beat them okay I'll come back when I have time after saying that she gave her daughter some money even though the pear preserves and sausages were given by the son in law and nephew they still had to give some money to make the son in law and daughter safe face what if they brought these things to make their son in law look good if they keep them all there's no way to explain it why are you giving me money mom put it away quickly take it if I give it to you it's not easy to buy food with money these days that's very true with such a severe food shortage right now you often can't buy food even if you have the money even the rations in cities are constantly being reduced let alone in rural areas alright we won't keep you any longer go home early said Ledajuan's father in law ledajuan rode away on his bicycle much to the envy of his two brothers in law my sister's family will have a better life from now on after all my brother in law's nephew is so capable mother why don't we wait until Taiju is a bit older then go find my younger sister and ask her to talk to her nephew and arrange things for Taiju too before the daughter in law could finish speaking old young the head of the household said do you think it's so easy to find a job in the city Xiaomei's nephew arranged jobs for Wan Kai and Wong Yah because he's their older brother even if they aren't blood relatives they're still close they're not really family members but they're related by marriage two days later Li Fuqing returned to the city early in the morning and went to number 65 courtyard to find Master Liu it's my grandmother's 60th birthday so I need to find a good chef if it weren't for the current situation where we can't have a big Celebration we would definitely want to make it more grand we can only have a small Celebration with two tables soon he arrived at Master Liu's door he was a celebrity in the whole neighborhood and many people knew him so he wasn't stopped when he entered the hospital and many people greeted him Lee Fushing knocked on the door and said is Master Liu home a short while later the door opened and a child poked his head out and asked brother do you need to see my dad Lee Fushing asked with a smile yes is your father here as he spoke he pulled out a handful of candy and handed it to the child no child could resist the temptation of this trick the child's eyes were immediately drawn to the candy he had only ever eaten candy during the Chinese New Year and he had never tasted this kind of milk candy before he immediately ran into the house and said dad someone is looking for me at the door Li Fushing put the candy away without even taking it then Master Liu came out of the house when he saw it was Li Fushing he quickly greeted him warmly what can I do for you Li fushing's generosity is well known far and wide if you cultivate a good relationship with him it will be easier to ask for his help in the future Master Liu Friday is my grandmother's 60th birthday I'm thinking of having a small Celebration with two tables in the village so I'm asking you to cook are you available that day Master Liu immediately realized that an opportunity to build rapport had arrived and he had to seize it I'm free during this period how many tables are you planning to set up I should bring a few helpers with me as a master chef I can't do everything myself washing and chopping vegetables is obviously a task for my apprentices or helpers of course Chef Liu could you recommend a menu since I'm not familiar with the relevant matters it's safest to leave it to professionals the key is to see what the chef's signature dishes are Chef Liu wasn't sure about Li Feixing's skills so after thinking for a moment he said braised pork ribs sweet and sour fish stir fried mutton stir fried tofu and a longevity bun if it were someone else coming I wouldn't dare to name these dishes apart from tofu which is a vegetarian dish the other three dishes on the menu are all meat meat is in short supply right now so if we had any we would definitely keep it for our own consumption Li Fushin thought it was a good idea and nodded let's add another dish to make it six dishes it has a good meaning I just happened to get some prawns how about we add some boiled prawns Master Liu was somewhat surprised he thought he had overestimated Li Fuxing's abilities but he never expected that he had underestimated them he became even more determined with Li Fuxing okay I'll do whatever you say Li Fuxing smiled and said okay thank you for your help Master Liu he finished speaking and turned to leave a child standing behind Master Liu got anxious he hadn't even received his candy yet so why was he already leaving he quickly said brother you haven't given me my milk candy yet Master Liu glared at him you brat what are you saying who taught you to ask other people for things as a chef he has enough to eat at home but he can't afford to improve his life milk candy is expensive now and he can't afford it with his monthly salary of 40 yuan Li Fuqing said sorry little friend I forgot for a moment he took out the candy and put it in the child's hand Master Liu was taken aback Li Fushing had given him quite a lot worth a dollar or two this is too much fushing a dollar or two is enough for me to try Li Fushing waved his hand no need to be polite Master Liu it's just a few pieces of candy they were given to me by a friend I don't really like candy the child took the candy and eagerly peeled off a piece and put it in his mouth after giving out the candy Li Fushing left he had other things to do Master Li couldn't help but sigh no wonder everyone says Li Fushing is generous took away all the milk candy from his son's hand children should eat less sugar otherwise they will get cavities as he spoke he put a piece in his own mouth it was indeed much tastier than the candy he usually bought the saying you get what you pay for was definitely true dad my brother gave me the candy the little guy said eagerly it only cost a dozen yuan not even enough for him and he had to take the candy to school to show off to his classmates that he had eaten milk candy Mr Lu frowned surprised that his son was unhappy even though he had only eaten one piece if we don't teach them a lesson they're going to turn into ingrates then he raised his hand and began to spank his son's bottom the little guy immediately burst into tears after being hit because she was crying so hard she attracted the attention of her family when Lau Lou's wife saw this she quickly came over and said all right Lau Lou stop hitting him Master Liu angrily said don't you know the saying that a doting mother spoils her son this little brat has been spoiled by you since he was a child what will you do if he turns out to be an ungrateful wretch Mr Liu's wife was stunned for a moment how could he be considered an ingrate then Mr Liu recounted what had just happened his wife immediately confiscated the milk candy and also gave their son a beating everything else is fine except for ungrateful bastards what's the point of keeping them around in other streets there are children who turn out to be ungrateful selling all the valuables in their homes and abandoning their elderly parents leaving the old couple to die with their eyes wide open in disbelief this incident served as a wake up call for adults who feared that such a thing might happen to them the elderly don't care about their sons or how their sons educate their children anymore they only come out as good people after the beating is over Chapter 117 even widows need to live unlike some elderly people who immediately intervene when they see their grandchildren being beaten they don't as older generations they firmly believe in one principle spare the rod and spoil the child everyone goes through this when it's time to beat someone up you have to beat them up arrived at a courtyard house on the next street young man what's the matter the old man at the door asked Lee Fushing offered a cigarette sir I'm looking for projectionist Joe Mingshan does he live here looking for Mingshan he lives in the front yard you've come at the right time he's home the old man then turned and called inside Ming Xian someone's looking for you now that he's outside the neighborhood it's normal that people don't recognize him Li Fushing in addition to the banquet Li Fushing also wanted to put on some entertainment for his grandmother's 60th birthday Celebration since his grandmother and the others enjoyed watching movies he found out the address of a projectionist their steel mill has a total of four projectionists Zhou Mingxian who lives in this courtyard is the most experienced he has a close relationship with Lee Wibben and was strongly recommended by Lee Wibben the door of a room on the west side of the front yard was pushed open and a middle aged man walked out it was Joe Mingshan Joe Mingshan recognized Le Fushing and quickly walked over with a smile even those who had never met Li Fuching in the steel rolling mill had heard of him it was because of Li Fuching's invention that several new workshops were added to the factory hello projectionist Joe I am Li Fushing knew that the smiling man was Zhou Mingxian so he immediately introduced himself Comrade Li Fushing I know him I have a good relationship with your section chiefly don't be shy with me come in and sit down which worker in the steel rolling mill wouldn't want to get closer to Li Fushing as Li Fushing walked he said I've heard from our section chief that you two are close so I really won't stand on ceremony with you just call me fushing and I'll call you Uncle Zhou hearing this Zhou Mingxian was overjoyed and wished he could get closer to Li Fushing he laughed and said okay from now on I'll call you fushing Uncle Joe may not be good at anything else but I'm an expert at showing movies if you need anything in this area I'll make sure you get it done perfectly the two entered the house one after the other as they talked there was a woman working who was probably Zhou Mingshuan's wife there were also two young men who were about the same age as Li Fushin the two looked somewhat alike like twins judging from their clothes they should still be students Joe Ming Xian then introduced his family to Li Fushin Li Fushin's guess was correct the two young men were indeed twins to his surprise the two young men recognized him upon asking he Learned that they were his juniors from school the school had been promoting his invention of the hand pump and the electric kettle extensively however it's understandable with such a promising student emerging from the school of course they would want to promote him vigorously or you could say show off a bit the school has Lee Fuchsings file and of course his photos that's why his juniors all know him learn more from your senior brothers don't just sit around doing nothing every day Zhuang Mingxian instructed his two children it's heartbreaking to think about even if you tied up both of my sons they're nowhere near as good as Li Fuqing he didn't have high expectations for his two sons thinking that after they graduated he would teach them how to project movies if they mastered this skill they wouldn't have to go hungry in the future in those days film projectionists were paid quite well people in rural areas who want to watch more movies often give the projectionist gifts such as eggs and mushrooms furthermore some widows would even invite the projectionist to their homes to spend the night this kind of thing can't be hidden at all everyone in the other villages knows about it they just don't want to get involved widows also need to make a living we can't deny them a way to survive therefore even if they knew the villagers mostly pretended not to see it only the gossipy women would spread rumors in private Li Fuching was pressed by his two junior classmates about his invention judging from their enthusiasm they must really enjoy inventing senior what do you think we should invent Zhou Huan asked Li Fuching was somewhat speechless Zhou Mingxiang said can you handle missile planes asking such a question sounds silly what you should be thinking about is not what to invent but what you can invent didn't want to dampen the enthusiasm of his two junior classmates so he thought for a moment and said you can think about inventing some daily necessities now don't underestimate these daily necessities they are closely related to the lives of ordinary people he wanted to convey to the two of them that they should not be overly ambitious but lack practical skills and should start by studying the things around them Li Fuching continued for example the hand pump and electric kettle I built are just things for drawing and boiling water when johhwen and johhwu heard this they both agreed that inventions don't necessarily have to be high end or sophisticated take the pencil in your hand as an example if it weren't for an American painter who put the eraser on the other end of the pencil for convenience we wouldn't have pencils with erasers today it's very simple isn't it it sounds like even a child could do it but this invention brought the painter a considerable amount of patent fees the Zhou brothers immediately became interested how much is that this pencil with an eraser sounds really simple if they were here they could probably manage it too it's over $500,000 which would be over a million yuan in China hearing this Zhou Mingshyan was also taken aback the exchange rate for Chinese currency is still relatively high about 25 yuan can be exchanged for one US dollar if you bring foreign currency to buy things you don't need a ticket the importance of foreign exchange is evident such a small invention can be worth more than $500,000 Zhou Mingshan exclaimed in shock that's over a million RMB he simply couldn't imagine how many there were nowadays a household with 10,000 yuan is considered wealthy by most people this patent was bought out by the pencil company for more than $500,000 and its actual value is certainly higher businessmen don't do things that lose money we don't have that capitalist system in our country although some inventions may seem simple as if anyone could do them and they have no technical content their wide audience and necessities make them valuable Li Fushing knew about things like sticky notes yes that's an invention too post it notes hadn't been invented yet so Li Fushing naturally wanted to be the first to use them anyone can make this its most important component is simply weak glue the Zhou brothers kept talking to Li Fuxing Zhou Mingshin knew that Li Fuxing had come to him to ask about showing movies as Li Wuben had already told him he interrupted his son alright you two go back to your studies we can talk about inventions another time after seeing his son off he looked at Li Fushing and asked fushing you came to see me about showing the movie right well I'm going to celebrate my grandma's 60th birthday on Friday she loves watching movies so I'd like to invite Uncle Zhou to show two movies in our lijiazuiang village Chapter 118 guaranteed to be cleaner than a dog licking it has Ligi Ozawaing been electrified Joe Mingshin asked it's connected but there are frequent power outages okay I'll bring the generator with me on that day Joe Mingshin secretly praised Lee Fushing for his filial piety to celebrate his grandmother's birthday he even specially invited a projectionist to show a movie I don't think many people could do that right some people even if they have the ability and the money would not do this do you need help moving things if you can manage please bring the generator along Zhou Mingxiang said with a smile these things are very heavy it would be great if you could help carry them okay by the way I have some nuts here please try them Fushing placed the things he was holding on the table I got the nuts for just 1 cent in a flash sale today these nuts are very rare Zhu Mingxian is a projectionist and considers himself quite knowledgeable having tasted many good things but nuts are indeed hard to find even grocery stores don't have them in stock this is too much fussing take some back with you Zhu Mingxiang lifted it up and felt it weighed more than 2 pounds that's too much Uncle Joe I still have some more Li Fuching said before getting up and leaving he still wanted to pay the money Li Fuching inquired and found out that hiring a chef would cost about 4 or 5 yuan while hiring a projectionist would be more expensive since they would need to bring their own generator the fuel consumed by the generator alone is a considerable expense Old Joe these nuts smell really good have a taste Zhou Mingshuan's wife ate a little mother I want to try it too Zhou Mingxian shook his head are you tasting this how much would it take from this handful while Zhou Mingxian was still in a daze his second son also came over and grabbed a handful stuffing his pockets full thinking of taking it to school tomorrow to share with his classmates firstly it's to show off and secondly it's also about showing off not only to show off the nuts but also to boast that he had met senior Lee Fushing and that they had a good relationship he could already imagine the shocked expressions on his classmates faces the two brothers seemed to be on the same wavelength they grabbed the nuts and ran off Joe Ming Shian looked at his wife helplessly I can tell you're doing this on purpose he grabbed a little himself and started eating it slowly it was indeed very delicious these nuts must be expensive fushing really put a lot of thought into this Joe Ming Shian said fushing is really capable we should encourage Huawei and Huawei to have more contact with fushing who knows our two kids might also his wife said Zhou Mingshan said irritably you can invent that too don't worry about these things they don't have the ability anyway so don't force them let them finish high school and then they can learn a trade for me if they master film projection they won't have any problem supporting their families I know my two sons very well they just don't have the brains to invent things instead of pinning your hopes on them you might as well create a new alt account the fact that he didn't criticize them in front of his sons was the last bit of tenderness he showed as a father Zhou Mingxian and his wife were unaware that their two sons were now obsessed with inventions and began researching them after returning home after listening to Li Fuching's advice they focused on inventing everyday items this obsession caused him to neglect his studies and his grades plummeted afterward of course that's a story for another time as soon as Li Fuching entered the courtyard he ran into Guo Shan Kai and told him about his grandmother's 60th birthday you should come and help out that day too okay I'll go with Qing Yuwen Friday arrived in the blink of an eye arranged for Li Dawei to bring the goods back to Lijiazuiang half a pig 50 caddies of mutton several large fish 40 caddies of shrimp and some beef bones that half pig's foot weighed 70 or 80 pounds Ching Yuen could you help bring some beef bones directly to the village canteen so the villagers can make soup take half of this pig to the school and have them make a larger batch so that all the children under 16 can eat together okay Li Fuqing then ran out and rented a tricycle what should I do Guo Qing asked go borrow a bicycle and help bring the generator back to Ligi Oswayng we'll be showing a movie tonight I've already arranged for a projectionist everyone stared wide eyed this 60th birthday Celebration was truly extravagant it still has to be you fushing all right Gu Cheng immediately went to borrow a bicycle after Gu Cheng Kai returned from borrowing the car Li Fushing took him to Zhuo Ming Shuang's place Zhou Mingshian brought out a small generator and tied it to the bicycle Chiang Kai slow down on the road don't fall Li Fushin said Zhou Mingshian smiled and said it's all right the generator is very sturdy he's fallen so many times compared to those projection equipment generators are incredibly efficient at breaking down things Uncle Joe you should go early too there will be banquets for lunch and dinner Li Fuqing said to Zhou Mingshyan Zhou Mingshyan said I'll go over this afternoon have a free breakfast and take care of some other things at noon okay then we'll wait for you at Lizzie Osway the movie won't be shown until tonight anyway Master Liu and his three helpers are already on their way inside Lizzie Oswayng in front of Grand Polly Fushing's house a stove and a simple shed have been set up and Lee Dodjian is leading people to work the women were all washing and cleaning and the bowls and chopsticks were borrowed from the villagers homes every family holds a banquet in this way tables chairs and benches are all collected from the village together and no family prepares extra of these things the former party secretary was also present directing everyone to work everyone wash yourselves clean our friends from Fushing City are coming too we can't let fushing lose face the old party secretary said loudly if it's just your own village then there's really no need to be particular about it but if guests are coming then you need to pay attention to it especially since the families of those involved in the revival project are also coming we need to be even more careful as we must bring honor to the revival secretary you don't need to tell us look how clean we've washed it it's cleaner than a dog licked it the old party secretary side that's a really good analogy secretary are we showing a movie again tonight everyone looked over eager to know if the story was true or false if it's true then it will be the first time in LG Oswang's history that a movie has been shown of course we're happy to be able to see a movie right here in the village the old party secretary stopped pretending and laid his cards on the table yes Fuchsing did say that I've already found a venue on the playground of our village school you should reserve the front row seats fushing said to let the village children and the elderly sit there no one had any objections to this I'm already happy just to be able to watch a movie so how could I not listen to Li fushing moreover the reason they asked for front row seats wasn't just for their own family but also for all the children and elderly people in the village every family has children and elderly people so what complaints could they possibly have I will arrange for someone to go and Mark the lines this afternoon just don't take up the area where the lines are marked while marking the lines benches will also be placed so that the elderly and children have a place to sit that's two movies which is quite a long time Chapter 119 bones with flesh villagers smile secretary if anyone dares to take my position I'll be the first to object a man said with a smile the old party secretary scoffed as long as you don't steal the spot that's fine that time when Shirah Khomeini was showing a movie this kid almost got into a fight with people from another village a group of elderly people were chatting with Li Fuching's grandparents they were all very envious saying that if they had a grandson like Li Fuching they would be willing to live a few years less there was a radio nearby so the conversation wasn't very loud Fuching frequently changed the batteries in this radio so the elderly couple never worried about the battery level they basically kept it on from dawn till dusk only turning it off briefly when they went to sleep with the addition of a building the house became much larger with several new rooms added and the walls painted although it wasn't visible from the outside the interior was arguably the most luxurious house in L G Oswayng if it weren't for L G Oswayng Li Fushin wouldn't have dared to do this soon Luching Yuan Gu Chiang Kai and Li Dawei returned to the village shall we go to the village canteen first either is fine Luching Yuan nodded after putting his things down he still had to go see his underlings Gu Cheng was visiting Lijiazui for the first time and looked around curiously Lu Cheng yuan pointed to the houses in the distance that's where Fu Xing's grandparents live the three quickly arrived at the village canteen and Li Dawei shouted quickly bring a few able bodied people to help the people in the cafeteria wanted to punch Li Dawei what did he mean by a living person comes to help did he think there were dead people in the cafeteria you really don't know how to talk what are you all dawdling about if you don't want these beef bones I'm taking them with me Li Dawei continued upon hearing this everyone rushed out laughing and saying this must have been given to you by uncle 21 right Grandma Li Fushin is celebrating her 60th birthday today everyone in the village knows this they heard about it a few days ago and decided to celebrate by inviting all the villagers over 65 years old to a meal unexpectedly Li Fuching also brought them food even beef bones can be used to make soup these days they are very happy to be able to drink beef bone soup of course otherwise who would give it to them alright the group opened the sack and found that there was still quite a bit of meat on the cow bones it was obvious that the bones had been picked by an amateur those experts can clean bones until they're sparkling clean even a dog would shake its head in disbelief the meat attached to these bones must weigh about 10 pounds if you make a soup out of it it will definitely be delicious everyone quickly carried the beef bones inside preparing to wash them and start making soup blanching is out of the question it would ruin the flavor after delivering the beef bones Luchin Yuwen and his two companions went to the school today is Friday so of course there are classes at school the students are all studying diligently in their classrooms right now they can just focus on studying and don't have to worry about anything else they eat well dress well and their parents don't force them to do chores how wonderful following Li Fuqing's suggestion the school expanded the surrounding wasteland making the playground much larger after that some sports facilities will be installed on the playground if there are any activities in the village there will be a place for them for this reason and the brigade leader also support making the school as good as possible when Li Jiguang who was teaching a class looked outside he knew that Li Fuxing must have sent something again he quickly arranged for the students to study on their own and then came out himself the school kitchen has been repaired and they started cooking there the day before yesterday Li Jiguang's wife is in charge of managing it but she's the only one cooking there she does all the chores herself such as chopping vegetables and cooking whenever Li Jiguang and his daughter had free time they would go and help out Dawei Qing Yun you've arrived and who is this Li Jiguang asked Gu Chingkai Liu Qing Yun introduced this is Gu Chingkai who is also fushing and my good buddy brother Jiguang go get a knife and cut this half of the pork in half to keep fushing specifically instructed me to do so he also instructed that the school should prepare extra food today so that all children under the age of 16 could come and eat Li Jiguang shook hands with Gu Chiang Kai and said okay

  Top Comments:
  1. @GutterSauce [1 likes]: 2:50:53
  2. @riyalrahmankasdayb267: Part 2 please
  3. @Muanpi_JR_Suankhup: Intresting...

- A Look At Luxury - Trailer: Kind: captions Language: en what does luxury mean to you luxury for me is experience luxury is just a way of experimenting life for me luxury is really liberty i think it's being at the right time at the right place this is a real luxury is it defined by wealth or a wealth of experiences join us on a voyage of discovery as we take a look within the world of luxury and meet the people behind the scenes that make the exceptional accessible the opportunity to have a crew just a team a good mix between people and for me it's human luxury it's so much i think it's important to understand a chef because you know chefs sometimes have a big ego and we forget we are not god on the restaurant tom tell me is it worth investing in english wines the best way to invest in english wine at the moment is probably to buy a vineyard and produce your own wine so the time to invest in the vineyard is now absolutely you

- Why Everyone is Sick of Luxury Brands: Kind: captions Language: en this is Chanel's medium 2.55 leather flatb in 2019 it was priced at $5,800 but in 2025 they're selling it for $10,800 that's an 86% increase now before you jump to the obvious it's not just CU of inflation you think I brought you all the way to Fifth Avenue to talk about inflation uh-uh luxury Brands like Chanel King and lvmh used to have it all in the bag raising prices annually and still seeing huge demand in sales but in 2025 they're clutching their pearls and feeling an emptiness in their designer wallets the luxury industry lost 50 million consumers in the past 2 years and only onethird of the luxury goods industry is actually growing but with at least 58 million households around the world making over $1 million in 2023 there are plenty of people who can afford these products so why aren't they buying I sifted through years of luxury brand sales data and product price histories researched the global luxury market and spoke with a fashion industry expert to find out what I learned is that there's not a simple ironed out answer but there are a few reasons why these luxury brands are falling most of which were completely avoidable okay we all know supply and demand right as Supply goes up demand goes down and typically so do prices and vice versa that's all I got in my econ class but historically luxury goods turn that equation on its head this is thorstein Vin an American Economist who invented what's known as the velin good Goods curve his curve shows that as prices increase demand increases and that sounds delusional but in the world of luxury handbags and fashion it's right on the money see Vin Goods consumers appreciate the high price instead of a detraction it's seen as a worthwhile premium to ensure that the goods are rare and high quality that's what keeps them buying and luxury fashion sales AKA any wearable luxury goods have been steadily increasing for the most part with just a few speed bumps that you might have heard of the 2008 recession and Co but after that initial covid slowdown everything picked right back up analysts chock this up to Revenge spending which usually happens after a major economic event First Co happened and consumer spending declined then household savings went up over time and lastly with the economy recovering and a whole lot of disposable income saved up not to mention a whole lot of trauma and boredom consumers were buying willy-nilly AKA Revenge spending as a result of that spending the demand for these Goods rebounded in 2021 and then soared there was that hole nobody can leave their houses and usually what people did was they bought stuff online they bought a lot of stuff and this time luxury goods did behave like you'd expect on a typical supply and demand curve when demand shot up retailers raised their prices but after demand stabilized in 2021 there was an unprecedented increase in the price of luxury fashion so being put off by this consumers slowed their spending in the US and another essential luxury Market China there are several factors at play here all of which help explain why the luxury brand Market looks so torn up today first coming out of covid consumer spending habits changed in the US young consumers led the charge in buying secondhand goods and that movement although tough to attribute to just one thing was likely a combo of a shift to sustainable fashion cheaper clothes and sometimes higher quality AKA vintage you know the kids love it in 2023 the secondhand luxury Market hit $47 billion up 4% from 2022 largely thanks to gen Z second this generational shift is global with Chinese consumers spending Less on popular luxury Brands as Business Insider reports young Chinese consumers are opting for local Niche and independent luxury firms that offer unique and authentic products and third shifting cultural norms encouraged by the Chinese government styed the luxury Market luxury shaming is rampant in China as the government cracks down on flashy luxury billboard ads and bans luxury influencers from its social media platforms all in an effort to steer the Chinese people back to a more communist low consumption Society but all of this is a result of the biggest problem plaguing luxury Brands today and it's a problem that luxury Brands created for themselves so we touched on this before but just to add some gritty detail luxury Brands usually raise prices at Double the rate of inflation annually so pre- pandemic when inflation boun bounced around 2% luxury Brands increase their prices by about 5 to 7% every year however from 2019 to 2024 average prices of luxury goods increased by 61% in the US take this Canada Goose parka right in 2019 it sold for $995 in the US but from then to 2024 it surged 66% to $1,650 yeah that'll keep you warm in the winter earning your money in bag world the cost of Prada's popular Galleria safian bag increased 111% and Chanel's medium 2.55 leather flat bag that I mentioned earlier went from about $ 5800 to $10,800 in 86% increase and usually when you increase prices so dramatically it has to do with you know Innovation or boosted quality neither of which happened for these Brands let's take Louis Vuitton for example they've released many new products but when you think of the brand you probably think of that classic LV monogram design know the brown with the LVS everywhere you know the one here's the no way bag released in 1932 now here's the Never full bag from 2007 the pette matif from 2013 the multiple Chet accesso from 2019 and an iPhone 16 Pro Max case from 2024 I can pronounce that one yeah same classic monogram art iconic sure the more you want to tell people that you have made it the more likely you are to want to wear a logo somewhere that says I have arrived and this isn't to say that LV didn't release other products outside their monogram line but over time that extreme logo loudness from Louis Vuitton and others likely brought on some as Michael Kors called it during New York Fashion Week brand fatigue of course the counterfit market also didn't really help the situation however these Brands putting out the same iconic designs for many years is one thing but combining that with a dip in quality well that's a good way to tank your brand value the flap wasn't even the lining stitching they were not aligned this is definitely a quality control Miss by Rolex at the first glance it's too much plastic finish on it Chanel Michael Kors Louis Vuitton these Brands and more underd delivered on their Promises of high quality Innovation and craftsmanship and when Gen Z caught win that Innovation and quality were taking a faux leather back seat to insane price gouging they looked elsewhere of course they started going vintage they also took their money to smaller more Boutique Brands and stores for example merari a japan-based secondhand fashion seller app is in a seemingly NeverEnding growth pattern in 2023 just under 70% of Mar's around $6.4 billion of gross merchandise value came from the United States but even some brands that sell new products are picking up steam take the row founded by Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen you know the ones you heard that right in 2008 according to mean Boulevard the rose boom in popularity comes from its dedication to quality practicality and quiet fashion with no flashy logos and an emphasis on minimalism Prana also dipped into this small fashion business surge with its own sister brand called Mumu which helped the company's sales grow 18% in Q3 of 20124 sales for Mumu also grew 105% right now Mumu is doing very well if you have a Mumu like it can be a basic cardigan and if it's got the little Mumu logo that has a lot of pull right now but Gucci is doing very badly muumuu founded in 1992 has always targeted younger consumers as a trendy and affordable Prada alternative but now it's really paying off for Prada group and Mumu is just one of the brands revolutionizing the fashion industry for the rest we've created a list of 10 small high grossing fashion brands that are stealing the market share away from the big players in this list you'll find out who these brands are and how they've built lucrative cult-like followings without traditional luxury brand marketing tactics so if you want to know where the fashion industry is going and how these trendy brands are winning over customers check out the link in our description so yeah smaller brands are cleaning up right now but that doesn't mean all the luxury Giants are down for the count hermes's 2024 was very different from its competitors the French company earned over billion in the first three quarters of 2024 and that's up 14% from 2023 and they grew 7% in Asia excluding Japan the reason for this is simply because they don't sell a lot on purpose this could be a whole video in of itself but the company operates like its products are scarce they don't resign to usual Trends or seasons and they don't just want to sell you a product you have to work for it please just take a look at this redit thread getting Ares birken bag has turned into a game a game that you will never win a game that I will never play but aside from hunting down $60,000 handbags the upper class has found other ways to indulge in the luxury Market a form of travel that's gained tons of traction recently is renting Your Own Private Island the price ranges from $50,000 to $1 million per night and includes personal chefs and staff you will not be winning that on Wheel of Fortune anytime soon let me tell you and in Switzerland this Glacier Express VIP train with Scenic views of the Alps is consistently sold out at $540 a ticket luxury money is kind of like matter and energy it can't be created or destroyed the true luxury consumers are just figuring out what they want to do with their a lot of money now people got money they got dough they're just fed up with big luxury fashion brands so yeah there are some exceptions here but most luxury brands are in trouble and probably panicking but instead of toning things down for the very mindful very demure jenz consumer it seems that luxury brands are leaning into luxury experiences all in hopes is they'll get Shoppers back on the sales floor break out into an evil laugh and say everybody wants this everybody wants to be us and if you want more more stories about missteps Major Brands have made check out this video on how one decision tanked Southwest Airlines and if you can't get enough hustle be with us every day by subscribing to the hustle daily newsletter and getting deep Dives and updates like this [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheHustleChannel [35 likes]: 10 Brands Emerging in Luxury Fashion: https://clickhubspot.com/bwyi
  2. @cottonuwu3167 [1 likes]: The answer is simple, you said at the beggining "theres enough rich people to buy this" problem is that, thats not their target audience, usually middle to low income people are the ones buying this😂
  3. @1mouseman: Nothing says “sold my ebt card for cash” louder than a luxury brand.
  4. @TheRetiredEmployee: Supply goes up, demand goes down. LOL. What econs you learnt from? University of Bangladesh?
  5. @Daisysdad-e9x: No one wants to be seen in logos anymore. Tacky. Gawdy. Bad taste. Cheap.
  6. @ThanhPham-ic8bw: i have the money to buy them. but i prefer to look for quality and unique bags that not everyone own. sadly its hard to find brands these days that do that
  7. @TildaBergmann: Interesting video! I like watching content like yours🥰 @IlonaCallsLuxury has similar videos too about luxury industry
  8. @elizabethasphodel6020: This is why Hermes is different, yes its expensive, but its all ethically produced. They dont try to cut costs
  9. @caiofiuzaseixas9027: And im all hete for it
  10. @rhyscooper3693: The fashion industry is so out of touch. Even talking about it in this way like "there's plenty of money to go around", meanwhile people die due to the price of insulin.
  11. @whatevermynameis2852: Just buy replicas 🤣
  12. @v_stands_for_value124: They sell garbage, that's it
  13. @lavieestunsonge4541: Most luxury brands (as an avid shopper) have taken a huge downturn in quality and style. Many of the fashion houses now cater to the “streetwear” demographic. Why pay premium prices for outfits that look like they were bought at Marshall’s and Ross? Many of the items are made using synthetic materials and the handbags with all the logos on them are canvas and not great quality leather. You’re better off going to a leather maker and having personalized items that are tailored to your wants and needs at the price point. I also can’t stand the nonsense of waiting in a queue to get into a store, like a ridiculous nightclub. If I see a queue, I will not give them my business. Any brand who has staff that look down at me, or any other patron for that matter, will never get my business. We don’t need you, you need us, the shopper, to survive.
  14. @cheffington999: I will pay big money for a high quality product. Not a brand.
  15. @nasnora: Gucci is no longer a luxury, sadly
  16. @Bst-be1eu: 1:20  that’s not how supply and demand works. The 2 lines are independent, but the intersection determines the price. Also, luxury goods DO fit the law of supply and demand, if the supply is low but the demand is high, the price will be high.
  17. @iamsteve121: My 90s clothes are still kicking it, quality wise
  18. @jackx410: Luxury brands could reverse all this if they just stopped pushing trash quality products and expecting consumers to pay super premiums. Vintage goods often have higher quality relative to newer products hence their popularity.
  19. @priyamagarwal: Luxury was always exclusive and a tad bit mysterious. Simply out of reach. By making videos about it from Arctic to Altantic, and hence overexposing it— their basic premise is lost. GenZ behaviour isn’t helping . If they need to come back to life, they need to go away from the mass market where luxury would really thrive 😊
  20. @BrandHistori: Interesting information to know!

- Why People Buy Luxury Brands?: Kind: captions Language: en why would someone spend $10,000 on a handbag when a $50 one is the same job what is it about luxury brands that makes them so irresistible is it status quality or something deeper today we'll dive into the fascinating psychology behind why people buy luxury Brands and the answers might just surprise you the Allure of status first let's address the elephant in the room status luxury brands are more than just products they're a badge of success when someone buys a Rolex or drives a Ferrari it's not just about the product it's a silent announcement to the world I've made it psychologists call this conspicuous consumption buying expensive things to display wealth and status this concept has been around for centuries but luxury brands have perfected the art of making people feel like they belong to an elite club think about it when was the last time you saw someone post a picture of their new designer bag on Instagram was it about the bag or the message behind it the promise of quality next let's talk about quality luxury Brands often justify their high price tags with exceptional craftsmanship and materials a Chanel handbag isn't just a bag it's the result of hours of meticulous work by skilled Artisans a patch Philip watch isn't just a Time piece it's a legacy fun fact did you know it takes over 200 hours to handcraft a single Aires birken bag but here's the twist while quality matters it's not the main reason people buy luxury Brands if it were wouldn't everyone prioritize quality over logos emotional connection and identity here's where things get personal luxury Brands aren't just selling products they're selling emotions when you buy a Louis Vuitton bag you're not just buying leather and Hardware you're buying the feeling of prestige exclusivity and yes even happiness these these Brands understand that we don't make purchases based solely on logic we buy based on how it makes us feel owning a luxury item is like owning a piece of a dream a symbol of who we aspire to be in fact when you buy luxury are you really buying the product or the lifestyle it represents scarcity and exclusivity here's a genius strategy luxury brands use scarcity by making their products limited or hard to get they create a sense of urgency and exclusivity why do you think Aires bags have yearslong waiting lists or why certain sneakers sell out in minutes the harder it is to get the more we want it this is called the scarcity principle this psychological trick makes you feel like owning that item puts you in a rare elite group and in today's world exclusivity is power aspiration and fomo social media has Amplified our obsession with luxury seeing influencers unbox the latest Gucci belt or Dior perfume creates fomo fear of missing out and Brands know this luxury Brands spin billions on influencer marketing each year they're no longer just targeting the ultr rich they're creating affordable entrylevel items like perfumes or belts so even those on a budget can experience the brand it's the gateway to aspiration think about it how many people buy luxury because they love the product and how many buy it because they want to belong the power of branding finally let's talk about branding luxury Brands spend years building their Mystique they invest in exclusive storefronts celebrity endorsements and iconic logos that are instantly recognizable fun fact the lvmh group owns over 75 luxury Brands dominating the market globally these Brands don't just sell products they create experiences walking into a lwis vuon store feels different because they've mastered the art of making you feel special when you buy luxury you're buying into this carefully curated world it's not about what you need it's about what you want to feel so why do people buy luxury Brands it's not just about the product it's about status quality emotion exclusivity aspiration and branding luxury isn't just a purchase it's an experience and for many that feeling is worth every penny the question isn't whether luxury is worth it the question is what does luxury mean to you

  Top Comments:
  1. @wustafa1771: silent hahahahaha

- The Secrets Behind Our Addiction To Luxury Brands: Kind: captions Language: en let's talk about Bernard Arno he's a name synonymous with luxury goods Arno is the CEO of lbmh and he has spent nearly four decades building his fortune creating a a luxury goods Empire that boasts some of the most prestigious brands in fashion jewelry and alcohol now he's an estimated net worth of around 221 billion and he frequently Vis with the likes of Jeff basos and Elon Musk for the title of the wells as man arno's business strategy rewards around a few key principles and if you're Keen to understand why High net worth individuals by luxury then it's crucial to grasp these fundamental motivations I'm Paul Russell co-founder of luxury Academy and as a dedicated training partner for renowned luxury companies worldwide I've gained unique insights into these motivations so there are three types of motivation that you really need to understand but first let's address the fundamental psychological strategy that's at play in the minds of luxury consumers one that they're often very unaware of and it's called heuristics but simply heuristics are decision-making shortcuts and on any given day we as humans employ thousands of these shortcuts so how has this helped Arno amass his vast Fortune by understanding the five luxury heuristics you can understand how the luxury consumer makes buying decisions it's really that straightforward number one is what we call the price quality istic or the price quality bias and we often believe that if we pay more for something we get a better product but there's a limit to Quality even for luxury goods a 30,000 barenburg isn't inherently Superior in quality to a 3,000 one that's where juristic number two comes in brand Prestige High net weth clients often use a brand as a shortcut for assessing value and quality this ties in with the price quality heuristic a back and B cost 30,000 because it's a the brand impacts the decision making would you pay either of these prices without that brand logo unlikely number three is gidy the desire for what's rare or exclusive is incredibly powerful luxury Brands understand this and often create scarcity to drive demand sometimes intentionally in the case of the berenberg and sometimes unintentionally in the case of protect number four is social proof luxury pages are very often influenced by how product or brand is perceived within our social cycle endorsements from peers work colleagues and friends can greatly impact desirability and finally number five is what we call the aesthetic appeal juristic just like we perceive something that is more expensive as better quality we also perceive something that is attractive and elegant as better quality and more reliable Apple products are a prime example of the aesthetic appeal turistic now that you understand heuristics let's delve into the motivation behind them shall we by understanding these motivations you become a much more effective luxury expert there are three primary motivations that you need to be aware of the first is called personal pleasure or hedonic motivation and it's the intrinsic pleasure that you get from owning or experiencing a product or service and we experience it either through the desire to reward yourself when celebrating a success or Milestone or through self-expression and identity where we're motivated by what an item or what a brand says about it to the outside world away from luxury this might involve buying an iPhone over say an Oppo because the iPhone symbolizes Innovation style and Status most of you who are brainwashed by Apple are going to say oh it's the Apple ecosystem most people who own an iPhone don't own an iMac MacBook an iPad or a Vision Pro so buying an iPhone is actually a stous choice secondly we have social motivators it comes with no surprise that most luxury items serve as a status or symbol of prestige conformity in a sense of belonging is also at play here if everyone in your social group is wearing Chanel Dior and Gucci then there's a higher than normal chance that you will be motivated to wear these designers as well it's a form of peer pressure but it's more about fitting in and conforming to the social norms of your peer group and contrary to popular belief very few people actually want to be unique and stand out from the crowd a prefrontal cortex and or amydala insist on Conformity for both social acceptance and for safety you see a lot of this in schools without uniforms different groups will develop different uniforms themselves and if you don't have the right trainers or the right schoolb and so forth you're going to be rejected from the group and nobody wants that and we're motivated by the recommendations of our social pair group as well what would my BFF think about this if I bought this or what will my partner think about it will they find attractive if I wear this this is called social influence where our buying behavior is Guided by social cues and lastly we have cultural motivations and this is a subject too vast to cover here but there are two very important things to be aware of cultural capital and traditional Heritage so cultural capital relates to buying a brand or wearing a particular luxury item to look sophisticated and to demonstrate to the outside world that you have knowledge of culture and arts there are some rather silly parts of present day Society who wrongly believe this motivation is cultural appropriation if you were to walk down Bond Street wearing Indian C pajamas there's a high chance that you're going to be accosted by some unshowered 20-some year old trite screaming at you for appropriating a culture and I'm talking from experience here if you were to walk through palala in Mumbai wearing the same outfit you'd be stopped and complimented by Indians young and old telling you how great you are and thank you for wearing their local clothing the other significant cultural motivation is Heritage and tradition never underestimate the significance of history and Heritage that a brand plays in consumer decisions saboro suit PS from Oman all benefit from the cultural motivation that encompasses their legacy and identity and it provides a sense of exclusivity for luxury consumers so in summary the masters of luxury goods understand the psychological motivations and heuristics that influence why High net weth clients buy luxury it's that simp

  Top Comments:
  1. @pheebsbee1280 [3 likes]: You forgot to mention comforting . Buying something that feels like a hug. To build self esteem when feeling low.
  2. @e.a.p3174 [3 likes]: I’m fascinated. I always wondered who and why people buy those luxury goods.
  3. @RockyT4114 [2 likes]: It made me laugh when he said bff. He is upper class i wouldnt expect him to say that
  4. @servantprince [1 likes]: "it's not that we can't satisfy the poor, it's that we can not satisfy the rich"
  5. @abhimawa1 [1 likes]: I thought true high net worth people enjoy about having high quality (material, fabric, functionality, etc.), with no brand  or certain identity? Some people use Apple because of its reliability, ease of use, practicality, and the same reason for wearing a Rolex (the tool watch collection, not the Cellini ones), and Lexus for being a well made vehicle with Toyota’s durability. Or, has the world changed?
  6. @thedancingtarot [1 likes]: I feel like I need to go to the “Point of No Return” school just so I can change my external aesthetic and presence so I can be comfortable and confident around high net worth. Thank you!
  7. @fc4660: I’m down a rabbit hole and watching a number of your videos as a new subscriber. Thank you, Paul, everyone is a gem. I’m a life coach (currently standing on the precipice of landing on my pricing which you have helped me slay the dragon this evening) as well as working in private banking.
  8. @rosariocontreras3577: The Indian mayor of NYC ask the king of England return the stolen items
  9. @CatherineWolf-i8v: It's reassuring to see positive reviews for  :yt: amzswis :yt:.
  10. @TildaBergmann: Good video! I follow a channel called @IlonaCallsLuxury and she is a luxury industry expert, I recommend her video, worth checking it if you're interested in luxury brands!
  11. @jeanlefranc3817: Investors are more levelheaded than punters. LVMH stock price has seriously plunged from lofty heights and still, its yield is way below what should be expected from a premium stock.
  12. @sutats: Look at me, I'm important. lol
  13. @dool1002: Lol every luxury brands started with an innovative product like Burberry with the new development in waterproof fabrics for the Trenchcoat, LV with large and robust luggages, etc etc etc. The price was the advertisement to cater to specific affluent social and wealth class so the masses followed. It's the other way around where the masses followed this 'luxury' idea. Similar to Tesla vehicles.
  14. @SchwarzeBananen: Interesting, indeed! But the little speck on the necktie distracts me. 🧐
  15. @BRBallin1: I'm a fan of buying quality but I also don't buy purely for brand or aesthetics. The only brands I have come across that offer genuinely top notch quality for the price you pay are Apple, Tesla, Lululemon, Nike
  16. @Martinmarvin500: Thank you Paul
  17. @mica00ela: The violins in the background  are overpowering the voice
  18. @Paporn-v9w3q: If the customers not buying by the credit cards. So luxurious anyway but we are poorer than you. We need more money for our house and our children are in debt and the housing debt.
  19. @nickgreen8268: Would it be too much of a luxury to find a quiet space to record these videos?
  20. @Cl0udn1n3: "for desire is the measure of all things"... Crowley.  Thoth's house of the net- "what is your net worth," the weights and cordages of the net of mind, body and spirit. This web is made of desires and the realities they create, what was the ritual of desires and the corresponding literal and invisible brands evoked by these desires preceding the sex resulting in the formation of a new biological embodiment of the ideas preceding the physical ritual of sex and conception, also, the same rush of feelings floods the baby based on the mother.  The baby's conscious imprintation could be a mom who never orgasms and has they feelings of a conformist, the needs of a psychology where there is never enough, how different is this baby compared to one who paid heed to more beautiful and loving factors preceding the ritual of physical conception, with those ideas and feelings flooding baby in it's formative years.  Human physicality and sexuality are the breeding grounds of ideas and patterns which grew big enough to turn us into the breeding grounds for further expansion of their idea forms expressed in physicality and social reality.  The memetic algorithm the men and women are but women are the store managers of in the case of this planet's reality.  The most powerful people never have to do anything to prove their influence or worth, so it is with attractive women, thus they are the center for the worst of ideas.  The fallen angels were said to divide by lots, oppression for many and exaltation for the few, create division and scarcity and make an empire of it. Embed that empire in the genes of conquered lesser races, make them associate connection with the female and the only openings to love and pleasure or feelings of worth in existence not shut off through genetic tampering your business.  Force the pattern into them on a genetic level, Enki #40 the God of magic and the waters, the waters being an allusion to business, his real domain, and the business was creating slave races.  Selling the womb, this is the waters, mem.  Conform and have sex.  Don't and work in the mines till you die.  Quickly all the men who don't conform die.  With the women, those who let their sex be sold were allowed water births and medical treatment, those who didn't were cast out to die at high rates from childbirth as was the norm at the time.  The ones who did this to humans still watch us but won't love us.  Humans were made to be obedient to hierarchy, greed and to value that which is not their will higher than themselves.  The pattern remains in human genes.  Women, the first luxury item, since God made Eve, the rest has been marketing and branding.  Is she hiding her nakedness to create more value in scarcity or because she is ashamed of her transformation into a tool for the perpetual betrayal of each generation of her children because she allowed her mind, spirit and body to be transformed into a marketing tool rather than a channel of divine love?  Better eat at the tree of knowledge of good and evil to find out for sure.  But you will pay a price.  Does the high level observer here blame Adam, or realize that this rib analogy is a metaphor for genetic engineering, the placenta as a viral source of intelligence is evidence, viral filament piercing the fetus, filling it with Thought.  What kind of father gives his son a snake when he asks for a fish?  And think of the 12 behind the strands of our dna, they never loved us, and never stopped selling our oppression and pain, they still refuse to touch us.  Maybe this is why Jesus never touched a woman? Twelve at the table before Jesus walked in, twelve at the fire before Jesus was betrayed, yet when he calls them to stay by the fire before his final day they all go off to sleep.  Jesus didn't die for your sins, he died to whip those who turned his temple into a marketing ploy, and this is the perfect metaphor because the true temple is the human body, and it has become a marketing tool instead of a divine thing.  Luke 23:27-31 “A large number of people followed him, including women who mourned and wailed for him. Jesus turned and said to them, ‘Daughters of Jerusalem, do not weep for me; weep for yourselves and for your children. For the time will come when you will say, “Blessed are the barren women, the wombs that never bore and the breasts that never nursed!” Then they will say to the mountains, “Fall on us!” and to the hills “Cover us!” For if men do these things when the tree is green, what will happen when it is dry?’”

- Sarah Davis: Luxury is an Emotional Connection: Kind: captions Language: en I think you've said or there's a thought that luxury has an emotional connection that's what's behind our brand we've recognized from the very beginning in those Early Times there was local consignment shops which are cool we have a few handbags maybe six luxury and none that I'm interested in you know there was eBay which was filled with counterfeits filled with stolen items and then you scroll through some of these sites and it just looks like a flea market it's disappointing when you walk into our stores it feels organized it feels clean it feels elevated we care about it even for our product photos the straps are set a certain way the watches are set at a certain time we're trying to say how do the luxury Brands treat their product we want to do the same I think that's the fundamentals of a good business

- The Painful Downfall Of Vans: Kind: captions Language: en Be honest. When was the last time Vans actually felt cool to you? Not familiar, not nostalgic, not something you saw on a sail rack or remembered from school, but genuinely cool in that effortless way Vans used to be. Because for a long time, Vans didn't need to explain itself. The shoes already said everything. The checkerboard slip-ons, the worn out old schools, the scuffed canvas, the skate parks, the punk shows, the warped tour crowd. It was never about looking polished. It was about looking like you belong to something just slightly outside the mainstream. That was the magic of Vans. But somewhere along the way, the brand became too familiar. The classics stayed, but the energy around them started to fade. Sales dropped, stores closed, and the outsider brand suddenly looked like it was trying to remember what made it outsider in the first place. So, what happened? How did Vans lose its edge? And can it ever become offthe-wall again? The story of Vans doesn't begin in a boardroom or with a marketing team trying to invent a youth movement. It begins in Anaheim, California in 1966 with a small family business making shoes directly for the people walking through the door. And that detail matters because Vans was built almost completely upside down from the way fashion brands usually work. It wasn't launched as an image first, product second. It didn't arrive with celebrity campaigns or some carefully packaged idea of cool. Paul Van Doran, his brother Jim, and their partners opened the Vandor Rubber Company with a much simpler idea. make canvas shoes, sell them directly to customers, and skip the middleman. At the time, that wasn't a lifestyle strategy. It was just practical. The first shoe, later known as the authentic, was simple, almost to the point of being ordinary. Canvas upper, rubber sole, clean shape. Nothing about it screamed fashion. But the way it was made gave it something that mattered more than polish. Function. The rubber sole had grip. The construction could handle real wear. And the shoe was affordable enough that people didn't have to treat it like something precious. And that is where Vans started to become Vans. Because in Southern California, skateboarders found the shoes before the fashion world did. They weren't looking for a trend. They were looking for something that worked, something that could stick to a board, survive concrete, and still feel like it belonged to them. And Vans almost accidentally became the answer. That is the kind of brand origin you can't really manufacture later. It wasn't a logo chasing culture. It was culture choosing a shoe because it made sense. The scuffed canvas, the sticky soul, the slightly imperfect look, all of it became part of the appeal. Vans didn't need to look expensive. They looked better when they looked lived in. And if you've ever owned a pair, you probably know exactly what that means. They could fit into a skate park, a school hallway, a concert, or just the kind of outfit that wasn't trying too hard. That early connection gave Vans something most brands spend decades trying to create. Credibility. Not the polished kind, not the luxury kind, but the kind that comes from being adopted by people who actually use the product. Vans became cool because it had a purpose before it had a mythology. And for a long time, that made the brand feel almost untouchable. Not because it was perfect, but because it belonged to the people wearing it. And once that happened, Vans had something most brands can only dream of, a real culture around the product. The question was how far that culture could travel before it started to change. What made Vans unusual was that it didn't stay inside one scene for very long. It started with skateboarding. But the people wearing Vans were never only skaters. They were also surfers, BMX riders, musicians, teenagers hanging around local shows, and kids building an identity out of whatever culture felt closest to them. That is where the brand started to spread. Not through one clean marketing lane, but through overlapping worlds that all shared the same energy, casual, rebellious, and slightly outside the mainstream. By the late 1970s and early 1980s, Vans had created the visual language that would define it for decades. The era, the old school, the slip-on, and the skate high. Each gave the brand a different entry point into youth culture. The old school had the sidestripe. The slip-on had the checkerboard pattern. The skate high looked more protective, more connected to actual skateboarding. These were not just product updates anymore. They were symbols people could recognize instantly. And then came the moment that pushed Vans beyond its original scene. In 1982, the checkerboard slip-on appeared in Fast Times at Ridgemont High, worn by Shaun Penn's character Jeff Spicoli. It was funny, careless, very California. And suddenly, Vans had a pop culture image attached to it. You didn't need to know every detail of skate culture to understand the attitude. The shoe did that work on its own. That is when Vans started becoming something bigger than a skate brand. Through the 1990s and 2000s, the company leaned deeper into the culture around the shoe. Skate parks, BMX, surf events, music, and eventually the Warped Tour all helped turn Vans into a full youth culture ecosystem. And this is where the brand became really powerful because it was no longer just selling a product. It was surrounding itself with the people, places, and sounds that made the product feel alive. The warped tour especially gave vans a kind of emotional ownership over an entire generation. If you were into punk, emo, pop punk, skate culture, or anything adjacent to that world, fans was just there on stage, in the crowd, in the parking lot, in the merch lines. It became part of the scenery of being young and slightly alternative and that mattered because most brands have to buy cultural relevance from the outside. Vans had built a world where relevance kept coming back to it. The shoes were simple enough to move across scenes but recognizable enough to carry meaning wherever they went. For a long time that balance worked beautifully. Vans could be mainstream without feeling completely absorbed by the mainstream. It could be worn by millions and still carry a trace of the subcultures that made it famous. It had even survived a chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1984, the result of expanding too fast into products that had nothing to do with skate, surf, or the people who built it and clawed its way back by doing less, not more. But that kind of balance is fragile because once a brand becomes a uniform, it faces a different problem. The thing that makes it instantly recognizable can also become the thing that makes it too familiar. And for Vans, that tension would slowly become harder to ignore. That is where Vans started to face the problem every cultural brand eventually has to deal with. The more recognizable it became, the harder it was to keep that original feeling intact. Because Vans had never been built like a trend brand. It had been built from use, from scenes, from people who wore the shoes because they made sense in their world. But once that world became profitable, the brand had to do something much more complicated. Turn subculture into a business without making it feel like a costume. For a long time, Vans managed that balance better than most. Even after VF Corporation acquired the brand in 2004, Vans still had the kind of cultural credibility that many larger companies would have struggled to preserve. The classics kept selling. The checkerboard remained instantly recognizable. The old school became one of those rare sneakers that could move between skate parks, fashion editorials, music, videos, and everyday wardrobes without needing much explanation. But that success also created a trap. Because when a brand has a few icons that work, the temptation is obvious. Keep pushing them. More colors, more collaborations, more versions of the same familiar shapes. And at first, it makes sense. Consumers know them. Retailers understand them. The brand identity stays clear. But over time, the thing that once felt timeless can start to feel predictable. And for Vans, that became the bigger issue. The brand didn't suddenly become irrelevant. People still knew it. People still recognized it. But recognition is not the same as desire. By the late 2010s and early 20120s, fashion was moving in different directions. Chunkier sneakers were everywhere. Running silhouettes were becoming fashion statements. New Balance, Hoka, An, and other comfort driven brands were taking up more space in people's wardrobes. Gorpcore and technical footwear were changing what cool looked like, and Vans, for all its history, started to feel slightly stuck. Even inside the company, the problem was becoming harder to deny. Van's own leadership admitted that the brand had lost part of its rebelliousness, that it had become watered down. And for a brand like Vans, that is a brutal thing to admit because rebellion was never just decoration. It was the whole reason people believed in it. And maybe you felt that shift, too. Vans never fully disappeared from stores, closets, or street style. But when was the last time the brand actually felt ahead of culture? There were also deeper frustrations from loyal customers. Some began saying the shoes didn't feel as durable as they used to, that souls wore down faster, or that the product simply didn't hold up the same way. And whether every complaint tells the full story or not, perception matters. For a brand built on grip, wear, and trust, even the idea that the product had weakened cuts straight into the identity. That is what made Vans's decline more painful than a normal sales slowdown. It wasn't just that the numbers were starting to move in the wrong direction. It was that the brand had begun to feel less connected to the world that made it powerful in the first place. Vans had not lost its name. It had started losing its edge. And eventually, culture stopped being the only warning sign. Because maybe that is the strange thing about Vans. You could still recognize it instantly, still understand what it was supposed to stand for, and yet feel no real urgency to buy another pair. The logo still meant something. but it no longer seemed to create the same pull. In VForp's fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, Van's revenue dropped 22% year-over-year. Then in the first quarter of fiscal 2026, it fell another 14%. By the second quarter, the decline had improved to 9%. But that was still a decline. What made it stand out even more was what was happening around it. Inside VF Corp's portfolio, other brands were performing better. The Northace and Timberland were showing growth in moments where Vans was still dragging behind. So Vans was no longer just a brand with a relevance problem. It was becoming the difficult part of a much larger company's turnaround story. And that forced action. Under CEO Bracken Daryl, VFC Corp began pushing its wider reinvent plan and Vans became one of the most important brands to fix. The company closed around 140 of its least profitable stores over 2 years, roughly 20% of its global retail footprint. And for a brand that once grew through being everywhere culture was happening, that is a strange place to be. Vans was not bankrupt. It was not finished. But it had become something almost more uncomfortable. A famous brand trying to prove that fame still meant something. It was no longer just trying to sell more shoes. It was trying to convince people that the shoes still mattered. So now we're in 2026. And if you followed the story so far, the obvious question is what does Vans do now? Because you can close stores, you can cut costs, you can clean up distribution. But none of that answers the bigger problem. How do you make people want Vans again? That is where the current reset becomes interesting. Under Sunshu, Vans is trying to widen how people see the brand. Not abandoning skate, but no longer letting Vans feel trapped inside one narrow version of it. The goal is to make Vans feel more dimensional again. footwear, apparel, women's music, art, fashion, and the creative world that once made the brand feel alive. You can see that in the recent moves. Siza becoming Van's artistic director is not just a celebrity campaign. She is expected to help reimagine campaigns and co-create product collections, giving the brand a new cultural voice. The renewed off-the-wall campaign around the authentic does something similar. It goes back to the original shoe, but places it next to artists like Siza, Haley Williams, and Travis Barker. Almost like Vans is trying to prove that the simplest shoe in its archive can still say something in 2026. Then there is the premium OTW line, the Valentino collaboration, and the return of warped tour. One side pushes Vans into fashion. The other pulls it back toward music and youth culture. And that is the difficult balance. Vans does not need to become unrecognizable. It needs to make its old identity feel current again because Offthe-wall was never just a slogan. It was a feeling. And if Vans wants a real comeback, that is what it has to get back. So, I'm curious. Do you think Vans can become cool again, or has the brand already lost the edge that made it special? Thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @brunellom8914 [7 likes]: Got to fix the quality first. They went too cheap. Cheap when falling apart isn’t authentic. Don’t think they will be relevant again.
  2. @katherinebravo9678 [6 likes]: In an era of lightweight comfort shoes (On Running, Hoka😂, Hey Dude), Vans are heavy and uncomfortable, IMHO.
  3. @foreverglow5685 [3 likes]: I still like my Vans. They are not in a checker pattern.That is probably outdated
  4. @TheFashionFable [2 likes]: Thank you for watching! Hope you enjoyed this video
Now I have a question for you: did Vans really lose its cool, or are people just sleeping on them? I’m curious, when was the last time you actually saw someone wearing Vans?👇
  5. @Lonely_Folklore82 [1 likes]: They are not comfy. I have a pair I customized but only wore them once because they are not good for the feet.
  6. @marioa9315: They never worked for my feet. They always felt flat. I had no idea 🤷🏻‍♂️ they lost their place. Growing up and in LA everyone and their mom wore Vans- skaters, stoners, cholos/cholas.
  7. @pinkimietz3243: I never liked them. Not comfy.

- the best unconventional piece of every luxury brand: Kind: captions Language: en hello hello hello hello welcome back to my huge Channel everybody we all know every designer's bestseller piece what is on the streets what are people wearing what is multiple times what is fake what is real we don't know it but we know what usually the best seller pics are from all the big luxury houses and designers but we don't really know what the unconventional best pick is the pick that you don't find on the streets that usually nobody is wearing but if you really dig into the brand you you are aware that this product is actually amazing and there's no reason why it's not successful probably the logo is not big enough but but this video today is dedicated to all those pieces of these brands that commit to so much and give all their best to create bestseller pieces and manage that and forget about the actual icons in the back of the room that probably end up in outlets and I want to dedicate this video to those pieces what are the unconventional best pcks of Brands and I don't know but I created like a list of 20 brands or something more wrote everything down that pops into my mind they obviously Brands probably missing maybe not missing maybe you will not realize we don't know I will talk about those pieces I went through a lot of fashion shows but I think I well I tried to find pieces that are pretty recent so you can kind of catch them somewhere but there are Brands where I really needed to go far back far back into the history to find an unconventional good piece because the current pieces are problematic and of course don't forget to subscribe to this channel if you haven't done that yet cuz it's obligatory and you might experience jail time if you don't do that cuz that's a law and of course our little baby that we made grow all together it's the Discord server which is probably the most perfect spot on planet Earth if you're a fishion Enthusiast if you care about fashion vintage everything I don't even have all the categories that we have on my mind right now but it's the most beautiful spot in the world to find like-minded people all over the world and talk with each other and we have so many activities and stuff going on I would say it's the Golden Era of Discord and yes you can join it I will leave all the links down below if you want to see also more videos I do have a patreon where I load up also videos of like interviews that I have of my personal life of my personal depression of how to sty myself and all these things and check out my website if you do care about very materialistic superficial things like fashion items to get to buy I know that's the bad side of of the fashion world like literal shopping because we are academics here and we like to analyze these things also and make it extremely smart but at the end of the day we do want to have fancy socks so if you do want to have fancy socks check out my website that I created and it's kind of fun it's kind of cool it's a bit like a substack but um there reasons I don't have a substack but a website all the links are down below let's get into the video so I just checked and I have so many Brands and products mentioned that I don't know how to squeeze it all into a video I know some of you guys like a 1H hour video but also have fun editing a 1H hour video okay and also know I I usually don't like to exceed the 30 minutes 30 minutes so let's get into this I'm starting with smoochi AKA Gucci Rizo 2018 look 57 and 60 and I wrote down men's uh I'm sure it was a show where they showed both what it was during men's season and I wrote down lipsticks baklavas glasses anime Chinese and Peruvian influences that we had I think of course I'm still crying over the alesandro Mich era that we had but despite just being like hateful and anti every new creative direct I don't want to be person that is like anti- change anti- new creative director like even Haddy slan at Seline did had a chance from me I know he really valued that and that was relevant for the industry but I did give him a chance and I did enjoy seeing Seline in a different context and what what we saw with phib Pho for example with sabat desano I really struggled to find a great item that I felt like is not very basic and classic and something that is truly unique was really hard to find so I really had to look at the very old shows of Alis M and I know his last one or two years weren't the strongest but yeah it was beautiful five years that he gifted us it was really really nice and this was the REO 2018 show it's his best show ever the set design the clothes The Styling of course alesandro is a very styling focused person and I know that as being criticized sometimes that when brands are very like styled and I do criticize that as well when it comes to meum me I do criticize that usually when the single items are just very basic and they try to create something interesting with it while actually selling very basic pieces that I can get from everywhere and maybe that's the Democracy of all these things like mimu actually just wants to help us and show us that we can wear our t-shirts over long sleeves but when it comes to Lum for example I think they do it in a smarter way because they give you also good quality products that also have like unusual fabrics and and craftsmanships so I think if you want to give us good styling your pieces still the singular pieces need to be strong and that's something I don't see at Gucci right now at all I mean I don't see any styling at all I mean even styling would be some commitment for some effort but right now there's really just a big empty hole and I really hope that this changes sooner or later I don't want him to lose his job like I I don't wish that to anybody I just really want him to improve or to make a stronger statement when it comes to his pieces that's why I picked alisandra Mela piece I'm so sorry but yes I needed to go back to 2018 to find something and I think that he was very much early for his time with choosing baklavas for example I think that's something I mean we saw it at Balenciaga we saw it like at every other fashion house to this date I think but yeah he implemented that into very chic and elegant and slightly disruptive looks of course and made something very unique out of it and yes another piece I noted were of course the sunglasses and I know sunglasses are a bit more generic pieces as well but I think the Gucci sunglasses the weirdo sunglasses the cowboy asymmetrical things with Swarovski stones on them and I don't know OPAC ones and all these Shades this is something no other brand ever delivered no other luxury brand and even though they all produce at luoa and it's the same trash kind of they were still the most unique ones and I think Gucci sunglasses up to this date have never received the recognition they deserve I didn't check a lot of Gucci sunglasses lately but I think they still do these very much 70s pilot shapes that I personally love but the good old days with those extremes we don't have them anymore so Gucci vintage not vintage but secondhand sunglasses are something you can still search for let's get to Mew Mew the most successful brand out there list index number one I don't know Forbes everything everybody's influenced by Mumu I don't see it so often on the streets though so I know a lot of people say um Mumu is the most influential brand right now I only see it in form of Cardigans and I remember there was also a statistic that the search term Cardigans out of nowhere of course suddenly started to be a Google search term like one of the most searched for terms by the way I checked what the most searched fashion term on Google in 2024 and it said she so no matter how influential you are Mumu she in wins this battle of two T-shirts I think the most influential piece that and we saw it at fast fashion retailers but that still didn't make it strong enough and I know I try to be an ambassador of this product is swim shorts as outerwear they bring back the tiny colorful shorts but I really truly love The Styling here this is for example a piece where I would say Okay obviously you're not going for the mumu swim shorts that were I think 700 or 800 you can really go for your very own swim shorts or you buy something that is a bit more minimal and has like a strong contrasting color so you can wear it with your actual pants I think this is still an item even though it was so iconic and everywhere and every mood board not a lot of people implement it and yes it is also a trendy kind of styling like these double waist jeans managed to sustain as well which is way more questionable in my opinion I think these tiny shorts or just wearing like swim shorts as outerwear and I think I truly love the style because I've been wearing like swim shorts as outerwear for so long because I love these Nyon Fabrics I remember I bought like five or six years ago some at cos menswar and so many people used to ask me like oh my God where are these shorts from and it was literally a swim short I think that's really a great piece that you can invest in yourself according to your own means you can also get the mumu one I would like to get the M ones and I have two on my wish list at secondhand shop so let's see which one is accepting my low balls because I'm the person I'm sorry but people low ball me too so the universe is balanced I would say it's a pretty strong product and I would say it's the most unconventional strong product of 2024 for Mumu the swim shorts let's come to boua Vita I know it's the favorite brand for a lot of people and I'm not going to lie I think it's the luxury brand with the highest quality that is out there so if I have a ridiculous amount of money right now and I want to be a Chic person I would probably dress head toone BGA B personally I don't think it's really feeding my Hunger for not just artistic approach because it's of course craftsmanship and it's artistic but for design I would like to see a bit more disruptiveness and butaa is probably the least disruptive fashion brand like typical luxury brand I would say but the quality speaks for itself we see it in the handbags it's I mean 80% of their business is handbags anyway it's probably also the smartest decision right now because I just checked Chanel bags which are like 8K plus and the bua bag is 4K so it makes absolutely more sense right now if you want to have like a well-crafted handbag to buy a b any back I was this makes sense also because I'm so far away from this luxury handback business that I was always like why is everybody having a BGA but if you're super invested in having a luxury bag a boa Venita bag makes absolute sense because the other prices are ridiculous and the craftsmanship is way worse so overall B handbags are of course the number one driver I was surprised and I know we all want to invest only in Timeless pieces and I know mat blaz loves to give us little twists and illusions with his denim that is actually leather which in my opinion I'm so sorry but it is so okay I don't want to say bad word but it is very um underwhelming I don't want to have a pair of denim that is actually leather and I do understand the twist you know I understand the joke and I understand that you make something look very simple but it's like very heavily crafted actually it makes sense in some sort of world but I I just don't think it's interesting I don't think it's an illusion that is fun it it's just not so funny so if something is not funny I don't understand why I should irritate people and pay way more and and I also still wouldn't compare it to the Balenciaga Jokes which is like yes I make you buy a 1K t-shirt which is like I don't know distressed and all these things and it's a joke I would still say Balenciaga and I'm not speaking about the merchandising products you know not the t-shirts and sweats and all these things uh really about the high fashion I think they still there I get the joke I get the shoes the shoes are hilarious and a lot of clothes as well so um it's not my priority brand Balenciaga but I think BGA it I don't really get these twists and jokes but there was one item that I truly found funny because I felt for it I didn't realize it and then I was like you got me you got me and this is a perfect piece it's the bandana bag and it's hilarious it's so funny it literally looks like a bandana that you have around your arm but it's leather and it think because I like the pattern so much and probably the capital kits will love this bag it is just truly beautiful and I think it's interesting to have a Bo a Vita handbag that doesn't look like b a Vita that's that's funny so you shouldn't get the Jodie bag or the and or whatever but you should get something like this which really shows the Matas effect also of joking and making fun of all of us while also having something that is a bit more intricate and a bit more smart and that has a bit more design to it and that is not Timeless so I do like it when fashion is not Timeless I do like it when we see that it's preall 2024 like I don't mind that not everything we have needs to be timeless and and jod is very Timeless so this is something you buy when you want to die with it but I don't want to die with the clothes I buy today I want to wear them as long as they make me happy and then I want to exchange them with something else so I think this kind of bags have been pretty much unrepresented by the bota Vita community and I think it's not the audience for the classical btia Venita people so it would have been other fashion kids and they are not into ban back so that's probably the reason I don't I don't think they also stocked it so much and that it was like that big selling piece but I think the bandana bag was really funny and I think it's a unconventional best pick by the way everything that is slightly unconventional when it comes to B Vena is amazing also so everything he does that is a bit out of the line turns out amazing that's why I'm that's why I'm also so mad he didn't push more but I'm also sure he got restricted after what Daniel Lee was trying to do which was great in my opinion but for example the sweater of the same season as well just the colors I mean I touched the sweater it's an investment piece really for a lifetime it's so beautiful it's amazing it looks it is disruptive just in the way you see the lines and the color combination and the fabric all together it's a beautiful piece so I really think every time maazi had the chance to push he pushed and it was it turned out really pretty it was the same resar collection so resar 2024 was really exciting so let's come to our little sick child Balenciaga one of my favorite Brands still out there I know a lot of people struggle with that but it's it is what it is and nobody will ever be able to change me my first and favorite designer Footwear brand and I think I think some stuff needs to change okay I'm aligned on that I think demna needs a pause maybe as well but I still think it's one of the most influential designs that were created in the 2010s especially after 2015 of course Valen is pushing hardcore on leather bags as well right now because we all know that's where they have the biggest margins and where they sell to everybody ready to wear as expensive and nobody buys it nobody wants to invest in an item where it's obviously not Balenciaga so that's why the sweats and the bag sell so well anyway of course the rodo back is the best seller this and that but I think something and now I'm coming back to the jokes something that has still not been done Justice enough I think because I feel like it's still very much in the Balenciaga kids community that are like going nuts for everything and nobody else appreciates it because I don't know it's just funny stuff and not cool but the dedication to create funny and good wallets it's just out of this world the passport holder in my opinion is one of the best pieces current Balenciaga ever created the passport holder looks like a a passport a passport holder they even have them in different colors so you don't feel like you're not represented you know they have the green ones the red ones and the blue ones I think these are the only colors you have passports if if not let me know down below super beautiful it looks like you have your boarding pass in it it's the it's really an item I was in the store and I was like I would just like to grab this right now it's hilarious it's amazing and I think you really need to use these tools of brands that they stand for which is maybe comedy which is maybe Saab which is maybe also not so great quality but then you pick whatever you find best this wallet really has great quality obviously the price comes from The Branding but I also have never seen something like that before I think hilarious pieces from Balenciaga are still underrepresented and we need to push them more and investing in a wallet instead of getting a b Vana or Chanel one I think getting a hilarious Balenciaga one is so much better and this passport holder is insane but you need to be quick because it's probably out of season like next year coming to oh I screamed a bit I'm sorry coming to uh a brand I really try to connect with often times I really push myself to understand it in its core and even though I learned on my disc scor lately that the background of Coco Chanel is pretty much proven I also still thought it's just theoretical but anyway this is not a political fashion YouTube channel I really checked the Chanel products and that's also where I realized what the price tags are I needed to Google them because you don't have them on the website and Chanel is just like this huge brand that stands for exactly one thing and one thing only which is like French Elegance I don't really know what else there is of course it was different with kagael but was it so different different with caraga felt for what they stood for I don't know it was a bit more gimmicky which made it fun so making fun of yourself always works that's why we like Cara Felts Chanel so much currently and of course I checked the last seasons with Virginia vard and I really went to the back of it I think she was there the last 5 years it was really hard to find for me like just a single product that I found interesting there was one garment and it's not accessible you will not be able to buy it I know you were all going to buy immediately that Chanel piece but you will not be able to buy it but it was a first first ever piece and I remember also having seen it live on my phone back then and I was like oh a surprise it's also the only garment in the whole collection that I found interesting and it's something very basic it's it's just fuzzy colors and obviously they're also inspired by all these current Victorian medieval tendencies that we have right now where I also have a whole video about why we want to dress like that currently but despite that I just found like okay that's a bit interesting the things they had around their glasses looked ridiculous to me it is I think 2025 and we saw it on three looks I also like it when we see multiple versions or different versions on like multiple models of one thing so we see like how it can look in different ways I really like that I think that's something we can also very easily like replicate with something we already have at home or we buy it I checked a lot of brands also Etsy has a lot of these things I would still say you need to be very careful with the quality because a lot of stuff really looks DIY so I I'm I'm really always digging very deep to find something that looks slightly modern but feathery cuz we love fuzzy stuff I think that was really nice um oh that was also a collection that was not designed by Virginia vard I just realize so yes another piece from I would say the sister brands or let's say the biggest competitor probably of Chanel which is Dior I know Chanel wants to compete with Ms but I would still say Chanel's biggest competitor as Dior so again I really tried to check the website and try to find something interesting again Dior is a very strong leather goods brand like their handbags are like the bestsellers and the canvas totes that you're probably aware of but they're ready to wear I think is pretty much yeah very makes a very small amount of their portfolio probably like 10 15 20% Max so I checked the cout shows because since I couldn't find something ready to wear I obviously needed to go to Couture to check and find something interesting it took me a while to find something in Couture as well so I checked it and there was one Couture show and I think it was 2022 that was that had some striking design and something that I was that was pretty unexpected for me from and I think only one model word but it was also the opening looks so they kind of knew they kind of knew it was something different and it was these hairy ties um I think there were also Petes and like little strings and the material looks like really something very intricate and it looks very well crafted I mean it's CA so I don't know can we say we can really reduce theor now to this product and say that's an unconventional item no but I do think we can maybe get inspired more by the Couture shows maybe something will change as well when Maria graci is not in the mood any anymore because as much as she creates best s handbags I heard also a lot of other things from internal people where it's like maybe different maybe new Cosmos New Era needs to come soon as well anyway I think the coutu shows are still way more interesting than they're ready to wear which is not always the case for example with Chanel I think they're ready to wear is way more interesting than their couta but for Dior I think May it's also very conservative in terms of theor but they try to show a bit more their craftsmanship with Chanel I cannot differentiate the tweet I see at the coutu show with a tweet I see at the ready to wear show but I pay like five times more or probably more so I don't really get it but with your I think we see a bit more that it's like very like perfectionist work and that's something I enjoy and I really love these ties of course again it's on theme but I think the tights of the Couture 22 show or the leggings let's better say are the unconventional best piece ever they created so let's come to their favorite little brother know somebody that has nothing to to do with both of these houses M Marella obviously the Tabby boots we have them everywhere I would say it's just like the strongest item maybe some of their handbags but I don't even see so many people with their handbags of course the price point is a bit lower so people are maybe more interested in to get into that but you know what I just figured it's probably one of their best sellers because I think when you click on the website the first products that you see like in new arrivals and stuff is always Handbags and they push off course like the ballerinas I think the ballerinas are like the best selling um version right now or maybe it's clear clear to you if you know me from my Instagram and how I dress sometimes and this and that but I think still one of the most unconventional it pieces that are under represented and that we don't see so much on the streets are still the heads of mes Jella and I think this is something that gallano of course pushes a lot with his theater and Opera costume background he of course loves to dress people very costumey and in a very unrealistic way which I personally really enjoy because let it be up to me how realistic I dress at the end of the day you know I don't want I want designers to make me dream um so that's why I of course always enjoy very realistic Brands as well that give me like great sty styling advice and all these things for my day-to-day wear but this is usually something I can also create by myself if I just think long enough but a dream a vision is something you know where I little I need a little Sparkle I need a bit input I need I know I need this whole Machinery to make me dream and I think Jong galano is probably the one that does it in the best way currently really curious what is going to happen please don't go to fandy but okay whatever I think the hats are something that underrepresented nobody finds them all so I get asked so often for where I bought my hat and I think I bought it on farfetch I don't know but it's really hard to find them even the silk veils I have one as well that I wore once or twice for an evening it's kind of weird to run around with it but still I think it's a great piece I think it's an iconic piece I think it's unconventional I think it's something people need to push more it adds something to your look and I think if you decide to go like very monochromatic and not maybe reinvent your yourself that day you can really just add a hat and that's it like that hat does all the work you don't have to work that day that hat does the work I mean the veil is probably a bit more a bit more expressive I would say than just a hat but I think the Mella hats are really and there are not so many and I saw that the website just uploaded new products and I haven't seen them for sale though so I'm really curious if the runway hats or like other forms of it will make it to the stores usually it's just one shade but I hope so so I think Mella it's definitely the hats if you want to go for something that not everybody immediately has and um I love how we jump between different brands that are like so different from each other because I just randomly wrote down a list so if you ask yourself what I'm thinking of when I think of Brands this is literally the list I had I'm very superficial I started with the big Brands the next brand that popped up in my mind was Herms probably one of the most luxurious brands that stands the most for craftsmanship a brand I have to say I truly respect and of course we have respect towards everybody but this is like Ms is really a brand I personally I really enjoy their marketing strategy even though if they say it's not their marketing strategy I understand but obviously there are still people that care about PR and there are people invited to their events and something so there is somebody that is like what is our image what kind of people represent our image and obviously it's like it's a handbag brand it's not a ready to wear brand I think they just really need to push ready to wear because ready to wear is your storytelling a handbag alone it's it's such a functional item and it's such a Singler piece you don't really you cannot easily build a story around it but ready to wear something you you're wearing on your buddy you're walking down the street is something you really tell a story with so they will definitely have to do their runways of course I really enjoy their men's We shows I think I enjoy the men's wear shows a bit more than the women's we actually but one item that really striked me also while being in the store because sometimes for the fun of it I do enter their stores because they're actually pretty nice though I think the friendliest luxury stores to enter is MS I know everybody wants to turn them into the mean guy and the bad guys that are restricting and being exclusive but they're really they're really pretty nice like they leave you alone which is you know what I don't care as what they perceive me they leave me alone and they're not unfriendly while doing that so maybe it changes from store to store also because we know the horror stories something they had and was probably one of the most luxurious forms of that kind of item that I've ever seen before was the gloves the gloves were dear skin and had Kashmir inside I never heard of a combination like that before it felt like heaven made it felt like it's out of this world it was beautiful to be very honest if you're a bougie person it's not impossible to get it like you can you can manage your rent and stuff to get it so that really striked me and I was like okay wow that's a beautiful piece it's the MS craftsmanship but on gloves and I think I I really like gloves I think finally gloves also get a bit more recognition in the society because we care about our hands again and I'm never wearing hand balms so gloves are really amazing and I think again gloves are a bit like hats I know I keep talking a lot about accessories but you can really push your personal style with it so Ms gloves I think the most underrated iconic piece they have so I'm going to make it quick because I have like 15 more Brands and I don't want you to sit here for an hour because I know you all super busy and have a life I'm kidding we don't have a life anyway coming to Lam Lam is of course the extremely styled casual everyday life brand with very mutal colors Browns beige all these things a lot of earthy tones I think one piece that I find very beautiful and it's popular because it's always out of stock is of course the necklaces that are also like half mirrors or something I think it's something they pushed before everybody else also started to do these very long necklaces probably because of the row also but L has been doing them for ages so I think if you want to have something starting with one of those necklaces is something interesting because inhabits also all of this L alure of being bham but in a very streamlined way some sort it's very Parisian actually but anyway the other product I think is very iconic for and obviously like their Twisted shapes boxy shapes is something they stand for but also their leered outer wear that is like coated the canvas it is so beautiful I think it's something unique for them I don't know how popular it is I know they do the quason bag in that fabric as well obviously I think a lot more people prefer the leather handbags I think it's such a beautiful fabric I think the outerwear and I know that's a strong item already but specifically in these very light Fabrics like nylon and this canvas and also this necklace is something I would absolutely go for more than the shoes and the bags and the Twisted pants probably so that's the products from the a I think you sayaka is a brand where we of course all first think of like P and the whole P collection I'm not a huge fan of the placy collections because I do think they ready to we can be very repetitive and I don't see so much innovation in these looks I also don't like the fit of of these pieces um even though it's very form giving and has a nice silhouette I think it's just too thin for me and it just looks very comfortable and Casual usually so it's just not my personal appeal but I absolutely understand the generic appeal of pleas isaka the fashion brand the the true line that ready to wear has actually so much more to give and I think it's really underrated like isaka is one of the most underrated Brands right now and I know it's probably also because of they don't Market themselves so commercially but it's truly beautiful really check on vog Runway their shows you can get a lot of inspiration and what they're really great at is also colors and this is something I personally struggle with like d is a brand that is great in colors in my opinion and isaka as well and maybe even more muted and more easily applicable so they had these ties in Spring 2024 but I just figured I saw them in essence I also put them I think on my website I'm not sure because I found them so beautiful I think isaka has a lot of accessories that are extremely strong as well you don't really need to have the place pants that a lot of people have also if you enjoy them of course go for it like if some if something very generic is your taste I like the very generic things as well oftentimes like I'm wearing a dad's rugby shirt I don't know wool thing it's very trendy right now it's nothing special so liking generic stuff is absolutely fine but if you want to have a bit more refined taste or or turn it into a bit more refined Direction I think his tights are really really interesting and also great quick access to the brand and also to feel like how their craftsmanship is so I think the colorful things and accessories are extremely interesting and and something to look at junan probably one of my favorite brands of the Comas family of course K as well I just think junor vatan is probably even more me because I just love the mix of functionality utilitarian styles with like feminine things I I I really really love this junior Matan has this bestseller skirt I would say because it's a carryover we see it every season and it's a denim skirt and usually it has in the front this slit or it's a bit diagonal and then you have these um this tutu like fabric coming out which is probably not organsa but polyester but anyway and you have this mermaid kind of look which looks very modern because from the back you're wearing a very tight denim skirt and from the front you have a tiny explosion so I really really love these pieces a lot of people still don't consider this a a piece to get maybe from Jun tanabi but more the jackets the collaborations with new balance and carart and all these things that are way more sweet wear inspired I think also it's a very strong Men's Wear brand so obviously like sweet wear and Men's Wear is very strong at junor vabi but I think his women's wear is extremely interesting especially if you want to have a bit more of a special piece these skirts overall his skirts are just insane for example for spring 22 he had this trench coat skirt that looks from the feature is a bit similar but it's really like the trench coat just wrapped around your waist and it's a skirt so it's really really extremely beautiful and of course on the runway you always have the more extreme versions but I love that he always translates it also in a very realistic way into his ready to wear and his skirts are just so pretty so beautiful and they still look like sporty but elegant and it's definitely like a hit piece Kik costadino probably more of a strong Men's Wear brand in my opinion than women's wear I really really enjoy his own design for men's wear and I think women's wear is so experimental maybe I don't get it yet also I I really love it though I really like to see it and try to understand it yeah I think it's really funny cuz it's so outside of everything that we're used to be seeing one thing he started recently I think just a few years ago maybe just two years ago is leather goods and I think that's also something that really shows Kiku costadino is growing his business even though I love it I love the whole attitude that he has it's really not a growth driven company it's really like the main purpose is still that they're all happy with what they're doing his mom is working in the production field in Bulgaria where he's from and yeah it really feels like still like like a homeown company which it is and he created also leather goods now and I think that's always like the next big step creating handbags as a smaller brand because that's usually again the biggest driver for the typical luxury houses this really means you're stepping up those are I think also made in Italy I think the fashion a lot of pieces are made in Bulgaria yes I really really enjoy his handbags I don't see them often enough I think it's a great price point quality is amazing and it really really looks super cool I think it's a very Innovative design design and not so much seen yet of course his essic collaborations or something that are a bit more accessible and that that are probably also driving a lot of his marketing and appeal but his fashion is amazing and I think the handbag comes a bit closer to his fashion it's really cool so I think if you want if you say Kiko a lot of people think like of of clothes actually of pieces of pants and jackets and shoes but I think his handbags are amazing so coming to S and I see this video is getting super long so I will make it a bit quicker it's fall 24 the Tweet jacket and for spring 25 it's The sequent Tartan jacket vest what I love about Cho Sakai is that she cares so much about textiles and fabrics and how they're all working together you probably know she also learned under Jun wanabi she says she got a lot of like business Knowledge from him but I'm I sometimes see also similarities in their design because I think they have the same approach of like utility plus elegant things that's why I loved her skirt so much and what she do does even crazier I think is really the material mixes of course most famous is like her pleats with the nylon or all the nylon bumber jackets and then you have like I don't know a striped shirt in the back or something but in the last collections first of all she used this tweet which was super interesting so extremely beautiful I was lucky enough to see it live she had these Tweed puffer jackets and then in the back you still see like there was it's a puffer coat actually underneath it's beautiful and she manages to really bring Elegance to this extremely functional appeal which I think is rare it's also pretty hard to be pretty and functional it still is especially in women's we I feel I think for Men's Wear since functional items can look very elegant it's easy in men's wear to do something very simple but I think when you want to do something not simple it's really hard to look good and still keep your functionality and I think that's what she does the best so it's I think really her outer wear and I know a lot of people think of the place skirts or the shoes and I mean the bomber jackets are also Super Famous but especially these winter jackets and the season and that was actually spring 25 was the last show that I was also able to see she had these sequin tartans that I felt and it was I don't know we had sunlight that day and the sequins were reflecting and it looked just extremely beautiful so Sakai is for me a brand that you really buy for the textiles also and it's so unique Nobody Does that I really Nobody Does that or anymore that's why I said I didn't dig deep back in the days because if I had a spectrum of 20 years to do this whole video we would be stuck in the '90s OR beginning of the 2000s cuz everything amazing was done already back then but I wanted to keep it a bit more contemporary so we have like the last two or 3 years so I tried to find something for Jack moose and Jac moose is a brand I really enjoyed at the very beginning I think it was 16 17 when he really started to have a bit more commercial success and a lot of his pieces seemed still very artistic and raw and not so thought through even actually but they were so pretty and I remember I think I ordered on his website in 2017 a code it was a great days I think after 2018 when he realized he had extremely commercial and financial success with I would say pretty girl Beach wear because that's really the only thing I can um relate to Jac moose now I don't see a winter collection ever so I'm really curious because Jac moose is showing during Men's Wear really really curious what's going to come out there I don't know what happened to his creativity he was incredibly talented and creative and I'm sure he still is I do think sometimes a certain form of success can direct you into a Direction where you think it's smart to go where the success is but something a lot of creative say as well is of course that you should never just give people what they ask for but create what they don't ask for so they want to have it like Prada for example who created ugly stuff in the last 30 years and people kept saying it's ugly it's weird but um it made you think and it was disruptive and I think that's important also in today's society even for fashion I think you have a responsibility guys fashion means responsibility as well I know this sounds ridiculous sometimes but I do think fashion has still a power in telling a story um I don't want to say that Jack moose is not doing all of this or anything that was really unrelated to him I just really struggled to find pieces that I could recommend as an iconic piece and that really made me think that was really weird because I can find something I think if you have a clue of fashion you can find something anywhere like you can go into $1 store and you do find something that that you can make interesting somehow anyway I think to sum it up after fall 2017 I didn't see anything that I really liked even though the shoes are funny the double shoes I don't find them exciting or interesting or thought-provoking he has some gardening chairs so that's interesting if you want some Terra stuff I I really thought it's funny because jackm stands so much for the summer brand you know he even has like pool furniture so if you want something unconventional from Jack Mose you can get a pool chair or like something to lie on even yeah that's pretty unconventional s the hate love brand for a lot of people really hard to digest I think for a lot of people that sonoro just does Great Stuff I always kind of loved Antonio vell's work because it's always it was always pretty romantic it was always a tiny bit of kitch and that's what I really liked and I don't like this extreme coolness that son used to have in the last show spring summer 25 was really emblematic for Kit coming a but back like also this 80s kit that is can be very romantic and beautiful and I really really like it so overall I do enjoy son ready to wear as well I don't know um if a lot of pieces are so relevant I think they're also strong in outerwear mainly and their skirts seem to look nice because they look very 90s but despite that I think that fashion is a bit easy to you know replicate with like what you already have in your closet one thing though and that's also because I experienced it and touched it by myself where I realized okay this is really really nice it's overpriced a lot of brands do this but it's really different still and that's their fashion jewelry and obviously son has always been a brand that really cared about jewelry it's a very jewelry strong brand actually but I was never really aware of it I mean of course we saw the Bangals everywhere but when I saw these resin clear transparent bangal in the store and I touched them they really feel like I don't know about their quality long term at all but it really felt special and I would understand a person purchasing these pieces because it was really unique it didn't seem cheap at all it didn't seem like just fashion jewelry or anything like a lot of other brands create stuff where I'm like this looks ridiculous but the S of all fashion jewelry is really well made like even the bracelets it was a huge round balls but it was extremely heavy and yes weight is still something relevant I'm sorry but a lot of fashion jewelry is extremely light also and I know that's not always a criteria of quality but I do enjoy something a bit heavier as well because at least even if the product was cheap they put something of it in it it really felt amazing I didn't try the Rings but the earrings and the bracelets specifically were so beautiful and I think if you want to have something from e um you don't need to go for the 5K code there are also a lot in the secondhand world so many beautiful fashion jewelry items that they have so that's something I find disrupting in the fashion world and that can look pretty pretty oh my God six more I don't know if I survived that I've been talking constantly today there is for no and I'm making quick here shoes I don't know why nobody's wearing constantly dvon shoes I have a few actually two two pairs I think they do beautifully comfortable shoes it's one of the most comfortable shoes that are out there in the luxury world and that are pretty and wellmade I did have some struggle here and there with the quality of this sometimes I don't know if I picked the wrong pieces I also have a coat that is like eight years old and it has impeccable quality so it can really be just a specific item but the shoes have amazing quality are beautiful I really like the elongated shapes that they have the interesting heels I'm not always a funny heel girl but when it comes to D they really manag now the new team to create something new and beautiful and it's slightly disruptive not too much but it's still like making you think because it's it's still something unusual and you you're not used to see it I remember they even did these loafers that were extremely interesting with these exaggerated tassels so I really like thison shoes um especially the heels but also the loafers and yes I'm not mentioning the sneakers that are sold out everywhere because no no bestsellers and flat sneakers we can get them everywhere Brands I kind of struggled with not because they're so terrible or anything but because it was really hard for me to say that's a very strong single product uh starting with KZ I think if you think of Kes you think of this very 60s minimalistic futuristic approach of the brand because it's also I mean it's a very old Heritage House and was actually very famous for their suits back in the days I think now uh it's interesting where the brand is going I think ni fich is doing great work as well it was still a bit hard for me because I don't really connect with the ready to wear and I think it's a bit too minimal and a bit too skinny everything and I didn't mention that about other brands but a lot of brands are very skinny only also something I figured while scrolling though the Handbags and I kind of always sometimes have a problem to differentiate between kopan Handbags and KES handbags but there is a kesan bag and it's called bowling bag and it has a very small logo because it's a bit hard also to find something with the small logo at KES which I found a bit disturbing but this one looked so pretty it is a very minimal bowling bag we have these kind of bags also at comar for example it's it's really a great item and I think KES is a brand that is maybe not as famous as comper for the handbags but it's actually better when it comes to handbags so I think this building bag is a great piece if you want to have a bit of this KES Heritage especially also because the bowling bag is very 60 somehow you can't have this single piece without having I mean I love the little pockets in the front that K always does which is also so sixes but it's so cute I I love his pocket tricks but I think this handbag is really great item that also plays with the whole identity of the brand but also bring some newness to a look so cerni and you know what I will make this the last brand because it's absolutely not ending I still have on my list and Mist I actually have Zar um I I skipped com garon I I skipped so many in between because oh my God what was I thinking I will end this with cerne and if you like this I can do it also maybe with a different criteria for other brands let me know so comper interesting I think a lot of people would think I say handbag but of course that's not unconventional and I think we are a bit over the swipe bag and this and that and I think the brand itself as well and they're evolving into a different direction with a funny collection at Disneyland for example something that is not being talked about enough and that is very interesting is actually the shoe wear you know the shoes of CER are so interesting of course the brand also has a bit of this futuristic approach and very minimalistic that's why I said sometimes you might be struggling to differentiate the to K but I think especially after this Disney show we saw that it's a bit funny copani it's a bit more youthful definitely than kage and the shoes they have shoes that look like stars and I that's a show that I saw I think it was fall uh 24 it it was hilarious the models didn't even struggle walking with it which um which I was surprised about it looked so funny and now they also have these UFO heels that I find extremely interesting I find them very pretty also I think they managed to create this astrological appeal of their brand with Copernicus and everything around it and everything is a bit futuristic also but it's not retr futuristic I would say it's not as retro as KES is they really create interesting shoes they don't have so many but the ones that they have are very funny and interesting and I think that's something you can go for if if you want to try ceri of course you can get the very classical mini dresses as well is that cor CER again I don't know but the shoes are interesting and I think that's an unconventional piece I haven't seen anybody wear these uo heels ever which is a great sign sometimes so I think that's a pretty pretty nice piece for Caper so thank you guys I hope I didn't bore you to death don't forget to subscribe to this channel join the Discord if you want to have conversations like this even more 24/7 you know every the cool thing about a Discord and since everybody's all over the world a lot of people in the US and Asia in Europe in Africa everywhere is that you can constantly write with people it's not like a best friend who's sleeping at 10 p.m. I'm sometimes awake at 3:00 a.m. and I write we also have special guest talks it's the patron exclusive but on the Discord where you can join and listen to people that have actually achieved something in their lives and they want to share it with us which is amazing next month um so I have it already scheduled for the next months I'm trying to figure out which one we will have next month but it's always a very interesting in call and like two to three hours it's super cool so join the Discord if you want to be aware of these things and talk to people and also my patreon if you want to support me and also see another video weekly where I'm just talk about stuff it's it's really just stuff check the website if you want to get inspired none of these products will be linked don't worry but I have like wish list and all these things I don't know if wish list time is over but also wish this time is kind of never over unfortunately but it did like an under 200 category because that's something I immediately click on everywhere so I hope that helps I I I try to give me also feedback so let me know if this is all helpful see you probably in the new year after New Year's have a great time have a great year oh maybe I should do something more sentimental and say how grateful I am because that's really what I am uh 2024 has been insane for me it's been insane um and I'm so grateful for every single one of you really and if I could I would like to write every single one of you a letter leave me your address in the comments no write me a mail with your address and I will write you a letter yeah I would do that see you

  Top Comments:
  1. @sleeperwakes6515 [3 likes]: Fun video! I gotta say though, in this day and age, if people start showing up wearing balaclavas, I'm getting the heck out of dodge.
  2. @Harry7956 [3 likes]: 15:00 New Zealand has a black (and silver) passport!
  3. @Ulfscher [3 likes]: Regarding gloves, Hermès absolutely makes beautiful ones. I love Prada's gloves though, it's one of the areas where they actually produce high quality items (in my experience).
  4. @garydavidson1970 [2 likes]: Bliss Foster steered me here. Love your content!
  5. @SilentRunningRedux [1 likes]: Yes… Hermes is nice.. there are always exceptions everywhere, but they’re a pleasant, low key place to browse amazing deceptively “simple”  items… Their adding “makeup” surprised me, a lot, seemingly not “on brand.”  It is good quality, long-lasting, not meant to “cover” to uplift and “accent.”  They’ve long done fragrances which are fantastic, eg the androgynous “Terre.” I don't have a bag from them, am not obsessed with the Birkin or Kelly, and if I ever got a bag i live in cities where one can just walk in and snag a beautiful bag on the spot [just not Birkin or /Kelly, for which one gets on lists and orders specifics, as everyone knows, eg leathers type, specific color, etc].  Like their belts that come in an amazing array of sizes, widths etc… belts can elevate a look/make it personal, change an outfit dramatically, and the scarves act as anything — as belts, as jewelry round the neck, as halter tops in summer all by themselves.  (Any good accessories like those will work, but the word operative jere is “good.”)   Tuba Avalon, I admire you so much.  Stuck in surreality, wishing you the BEST NEW YEAR!  Will finish my Patreon stuff asap [its been surreal]…should be easy, of course.  A lesson in “just do it, don’t mention ‘intentions’: act!).
  6. @nofognowdarkness [1 likes]: Sorry but there is nothing non-conventional on this brands and the moment you said you are a fan of Alessandro and preferred his Gucci I knew I would HATE your selection and I was right. Also I hate Galliano on Margiela, tacky and in your face af.
  7. @greenfein786 [1 likes]: I disagree Lemaire is good quality
  8. @aureliagschwind [1 likes]: Swiss passeport is bright red
  9. @JohnWilliams-iw3kk: Yes Lemaire far superior to fascist prada and miu miu.
I have never seen good quality in Bottega, but I dont have handbags.
  10. @DeV4kk: 18:52 holy those r the coolest tights ive ever seen!!!
  11. @DeV4kk: Ur quickly becoming my favourite youtuber
  12. @AR-cf9di: Idk if bottega’s leather exploration is supposed to be funny. It’s Blazy’s way of honoring Italian leather heritage and pushing its possibility, like oh can we use leather to create plant like bags?
  13. @lyubov4460: No Prada?
  14. @A.K.A.ME.: Pls make a video about man bags  or men’s fashion
  15. @PrincipalSkinner3190: Absolutely brilliant video idea.
  16. @hollister2698: You may experience jail time if you don't subscribe...😅
  17. @haidarfarouq5017: Took me 3days to watch the whole video 🫶🏻
  18. @SilentRunningRedux: What do y’all think of the (more recent) John Varvatos?  Quality?  Seemed cool to me stopping in a London store.  Oddly now reminds me of the costlier Bruno Cucinelli, in some ways.  I knew one of the designers there about 10-20 years ago… it was “okay” then, but to me overall forgettable. Now its fun (or I am becoming more eccentric and like their “low-key odd” minimalist aesthetic now… perhaps I changed more than Varvatos did).  Most formerly respected houses/names seem to decline these days in every way especially quality, durability — though of course nothing Tuba recommends!
  19. @Zapped_Away: PART TWO 😊
  20. @lizabean723: ugh the courreges ONE bag..!

- THE OUTSIDERS TV — Luxury. Power. Secrets: Kind: captions Language: en The world you knew is broken. Borders are for those who play by the rules. We build, we scale, we move. Drop this is the Outsiders TV. Subscribe or stay behind.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheTurkishScreen-e2n: :face-red-heart-shape:

- MAGA hat snatcher exposed as a creative director of ‘luxury brands’: Kind: captions Language: en we've got an update on James's story from last week with the Instant Karma lady who went flying to tried to grab a magga hat yes let's uh let's have a look here for those who didn't see it here here's uh what happened on a New York City subway about a week or so ago have watched this is why heon people like chill bro racist how can I be racist and down she goes look we got an update on this story here because that woman has been identified and you're not going to believe this here as a creative director right a creative director for a number of big luxury brands that you would have heard of so you know very nice for her to D to take the subway then try but also she's also an Italian-American Citizen and I don't dual National I don't think she voted for Maloney just me um well yeah she's what we were talking about previously that awful phenomenon affluent white female liberal as they call Lefty uh and uh she was literally felt entitled to chase that poor boy on the platform try to physically take that hat off him and yeah that piece of Instant Karma was delicious but yeah she uh works for Brands like Tiffany so very highend very affluent um but a point you made there about Afghanistan which shocks me that the media still after this did not try to hold the Biden Administration accountable cuz remember they had an air strike in the aftermath of that to suppos L kill those who were responsible and they killed a Aid worker and his young family there was I think six or seven young children who were murdered wrongly and they acknowledged they got it wrong and yet again nobody lost their job nobody this is picture of some of the children who were uh killed in that air strike and and to this day no one has lost their job other than possibly President Biden after um they all upet the signal chat signal chat and you know look the signal chat was you know incautious and whoever added that Jeffrey Goldberg guy from the Atlantic really should you know be cashiered because that is that is absolutely inexcusable because here's the thing you know the Trump Administration is about bringing America back responsibility and people taking responsibility for their mistakes so there needs to be some accountability on that but it's not a hanging offense for the whole Administration let's put that aside you know remember though like the history of this when America you know was the great nation that Donald Trump wants to get it back to you know after Pearl Harbor President Franklin Roosevelt fired the general who was in charge of the Pacific said this happened on your watch you're out what happens after Afghanistan well everybody rallies around you know Mark Billy and everybody else and the Pentagon and oh look all of these you know people who are all doing all the diversity stuff in in Washington that hasn't distracted them from their main mission when of course it clearly has um and there's been no accountability this is what the Trump Administration needs to do it needs to bring back responsibility for these things and they can start by firing that Steve wiof blokey seems to be a complete joke but anyway that's a different story I want to talk about the Middle East briefly Rita uh we saw we've seen these demonstrations in Gaza from some very brave individuals uh who are protesting gazans protesting against Hamas the media doesn't fit the media narrative so bar the media is barely touching it we're not seeing the demonstrations on the streets of Sydney or the Opera House supporting these characters against Hamas which is what we should be doing and our politicians should be encouraging this cuz what's going to happen only one of two things either Hamas is going to wipe these characters out or as I passionately hope Hamas is on the point of being wiped out and is now so weakened that people in the Gaza Strip feel emboldened to turn against them but what we don't want to see is uh a situation where Hamas remains in power and we end up with so-called elections and Hamas rewinds so that's got to be avoided at all costs the West needs to be getting behind these people if it's legitimate and encouraging uh any kind of descent against interesting that after what 18 months of protests Pro Palestinian protest we haven't seen a single one that I'm aware of in the west that is anti- Hamas that is pro Palestinian but anti- Hamas because as we know Hamas are absolutely brutal islamist terrorist and they the way they treat the own the way they treat those who they think have uh uh defied their orders is absolutely sadistic so that that we don't see that at all says plenty but this to me James is pro this is Donald Trump's vision for Gaza coming to life Donald Trump said people would voluntarily leave now if Hamas is defeated we're going to see people like that voluntarily leave and some will voluntarily come back after Gaza is restored I think we also need to be careful though because you know how many times in the Middle East in the last 20 years mean like remember the Iranian Revolution R you would know about this you know started out looking like it was a liberalizing movement of course you know the Liberals gave way to KI um I am when the and the islamists get together you well but you've got um I have been researching this um and there is terrible report that one of the leaders of these protests uh in in uh Gaza has been tortured and killed by Hamas of course we knew that's going to happen um there is some question about who's actually backing these protests the PLO might be behind them as well you got be going to be there's not going be any peace there until there's an actual occupation by uh some sort of multinational Force no by Israel you need Israel to occupy it you need Hamas wiped out that's what we wiped out yeah and that's that can only happen within Israeli occupation but the the the real story was what happened to Iran in the so-called Green Revolution where the West stood back and and the poor people of Iran were terrorized um y let's talk yes anyway want to talk briefly let's have a bit of humor got to have some more humor Cala Harris always provides humor but guess what she's coming to Australia to provide some humor for us now I don't know if this is a joke or someone's done this uh as a spoof or whatever but the claim is on Instagram that Camala Harris is going to talk at some Queensland real estate function later in the year April Falls already early you I can just the speech you know Towers on the Gold Coast unburdened by what could have been and burdened by what we see maybe maybe this is what maybe this is what Kamal Harris should be doing she should become you know a real estate agent she should be out there every Saturday flogging houses saying you know here's a vend diagram of what you could do to this living room the living room and the dining room are ven diagramming together this property is unburdened by what has been in terms of Heritage restrictions there's so many ways that Cara Harris could go with this I do hope she comes out Rita that would be so much fun would be hilarious I really do hope this story is true but I can't imagine a Real Estate Institute of any sort of description because real estate agents are typically self-employed types they normally care about economic management so to have her come andare word salads doesn't really it's a building a building is a building it's where they build a building and you buy the build anyway we can have lots of fun with Cala haris for hours

  Top Comments:
  1. @hehehohonono [1 likes]: MOVE BITCH!!
  2. @SKBottom [1 likes]: I cracked up seeing that living, breathing marshmallow take a nosedive. That's probably the most athletic thing she's done since she was a little girl in gym class.
  3. @jacobrodrigues66 [1 likes]: 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤡
  4. @Mike53431: What ascumbag
  5. @gipperkaydevane1872: That figures… libtarde lunatic. .
  6. @elizabethgarza6395: not a surprise. Hillary and pelosi are still free walking around above the law
  7. @russell-di8js: Sky News Au is more like Hitler's propaganda ministry every time i see a clip of it's newsreader's!   That sanctimonious female must be the Oz Joseph Goebbels, she is so determined to mention "Woke" "Elite's" & "Lefties"  surely the majority of Australian's don't fall for all their Hate?
  8. @moparman1962: Huh, so Alberta Testanero, aka Tripzilla, is nothing but an ignorant, arrogant, idiot who markets unnecessary, overpriced crap to people who don't need it...she's a useless phony.
  9. @DAVIDMAINORD: Biden and his generals commie twits!!
  10. @blimiter: identify her and tell all the brands… how's that?
  11. @zerogravity2264: "you voted for trump you're a racist" most ignorant comment I've heard. I really hope we can get past this b.s.
  12. @johnblack9037: Typical lefty woktard!
  13. @stevec3526: The problem is if he had protected himself and decked her he would have been arrested.
  14. @stevec3526: She definitely is NOT physically fit.
  15. @jaybackspace: She works for the diamond industry. Big surprise.
  16. @richardbrown8269: She's a sicky.
  17. @Grandma_Jizzzzzzzard: Staged bs
  18. @KodyWhitall: I really do hate when minorities say they cant be racist because theyre minorities or a person of color. Its absolutely ridiculous. Im not saying he is because he supports Trump, I support Trump and love the dude. I just dont like that argument, that just because your skin is darker than white people, you cant be racist. Most minorities are absolutely racist because their parents or Democrats told them they should be. Most white people are racist because minorities are racist towards them, or their parents teach them to be. Everybody is racist. Literally everybody. We all have our issues and its a lie to deny it instead of just working on it together.
  19. @johnmccracken7194: Wasn't she the cancel culture director ? Karma baby, pure and simple.
  20. @RazgrizDavion81: My condolences to that poor subway floor 😣🙏

- How Apple and Nike have branded your brain | Your Brain on Money | Big Think: Kind: captions Language: en - Coke is just soda. Tylenol is just acetaminophen. And Levi's are just jeans. Yet consumers go out of their way to select these specific brands over others. - An economist would say, "How is this possible, that a rational consumer would be willing to pay more for exactly the same thing?" We love to think about ourselves as rational. That's not how it works. A very famous study done by colleagues at Duke University flashed either the Apple logo or the IBM logo to two randomized groups of participants. - The study found that after being subliminally exposed to the Apple logo, compared to when you'd been exposed to the IBM logo, participants performed better on creative tasks. - And the argument is that Apple has been telling you this story over and over again, that Apple is the brand for hip, cool, fun, creative people. - This is the true power of brands. They can influence our behavior in ways that extend way beyond the point of sale. So to what degree can the influence of brands wreak havoc on our ability to make rational spending decisions? This is your brain on money. This is Americus Reed. He studies identity and marketing at the University of Pennsylvania. When I make choices about different brands, I'm choosing to create an identity. When I put that shirt on, when I put those shoes on, those jeans, that hat, someone is going to form an impression about what I'm about. So if I'm choosing Nike over Under Armour, I'm choosing a kind of different way to express affiliation with sport. The Nike thing is about performance. The Under Armour thing is about the underdog. I have to choose which of these different conceptual pathways is most consistent with where I am in my life. - And once a consumer makes that choice, their relationship with a brand can deepen to the point where they identify with that brand like family. And once you identify with a brand, it can shape the way you behave. - And it's really interesting because they will also, if someone talks bad about that product, brand, or service, they will be the first to go out and defend. Why? Because an attack on the brand is an attack on themselves. - Michael Platt is a professor of neuroscience, marketing, and psychology whose research demonstrates how our perception of brands influences our decisions. - There's an idea in marketing, which is that we relate to brands in the same way we relate to people. It's like, "I love this brand," or, "I hate this brand." Of course, what people say, right, can often be different from what's really going on in their heads. So we thought, "Well, why don't we just ask the brain directly?" - Michael and his team observed the brains of iPhone users and Samsung Galaxy users with an MRI machine while they heard good, bad, and neutral news about Apple and Samsung. - Apple customers showed a brain empathy response toward Apple that was exactly what you'd see in the way you would respond to somebody in your own family. - Strangely, Samsung users didn't have any positive or negative responses when good or bad news was released about their brand. The only evidence that Samsung users showed was reverse empathy for Apple news. Meaning if the Apple headline was negative, their brain reflected a positive response. - You know, it really shows us that Apple has completely defined the market here. Samsung customers, it seems, from their brain data, are only buying Samsung 'cause they hate Apple. - The kicker? The Samsung users didn't report feeling the results their MRIs showed. What was happening in their brains and what they reported feeling towards Apple and Samsung, were totally different. - Most people just don't realize that they are subconsciously choosing brands because those brands have some kind of self-expressive value. - You can see there's a lot of power here in terms of shaping consumers' decisions. As we learn more and more about that, we have to think much more deeply about the ethical, legal, and societal implications of doing that. - So, as consumers, what can we do to make informed choices? Well, the best thing we can do is to be aware of the influence that brands hold. - I think it's important to always pause and think a little bit about, "Okay, why am I buying this product?" - And like it or not, brands aren't going anywhere. - I've heard lots of people push back and say that, "I'm not into brands." I take a very different view. They're not doing anything any different than what someone who affiliates with a brand is doing. They have a brand, it's just an anti-brand brand. And I think about, what is it that I've learned about identity over time? I think a lot of it has to do with the fundamental need that we as humans have to have support systems. Perhaps it was the church, it was the community, it was these other institutions that existed. Now, brands have stepped in as pillars of our identity. So I'm very much motivated to see that in that positive light.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Handlethis66 [1 likes]: This is for the weak lemmings,  buy the brands, you look good wearing someone's else's name other than your own? Your very weak minded if you buy brands, don't be fooled by advertising, they are there to brainwash you. Fool.
  2. @chicobicalho5621 [1 likes]: And now we have a most interesting, and worped, approach to pushing a brand, through the so-called "influencers"
  3. @chicobicalho5621 [1 likes]: Marketing is a fascinating means of convincing people to try a product, not to keep buying it, because, if that product is a bad product,  no marketing technique will convince you to keep buying it. As David Ogilvy said -"Nothing kills a bad product faster than good advertisement". During an MFA at NYU in the mid 1980s, I took a fascinating course with Abigail Solomon-Godeau on "photo iconography", and to my surprise she only discussed advertising photography throughout that semester, analyzing brilliantly how advertising photography is complex, and carefully conceived to evoke a fascination for the "aura" of a determined product, and, people "adopting" a brand as their own is a reflex on that thinking. However, there are interesting twists, like the hip black community embracing Tommy Hilfiger in the 1990s, a brand completely focused on selling products to the white middle class bourgeoisie, and this should be an interesting case to be studied, for it goes beyond the regular marketing route, and approach. There was talk of "the black kids wearing TH ruining the brand, and their marketing approach", because the white bourgeois folks lost interest once homeboys embraced Hilfiger, regardless, it is all very fascinating
  4. @AtoGo23: So true, brainwashing🤯 by brand
  5. @RiskManagement-ex2nl: music too loud. can't hear
  6. @realunfluffed: It's very sad that if someone doesn't have an iPhone or doesn't wear a Nike sneakers.
They're made to feel ashamed.

Even in a country like India where people only earn $200-500 a month, compared to America where they earn $3000-5000 a month.
We need to save for a full year to buy an iPhone in India.
  7. @mikalthomas37: I will now wear non name brand from now on 🥂
  8. @kimkouski: In the 1980s when I was a teen, I’d rather be dropped from a building than to wear any jeans other than Levi. Cool kids wore Levi. End of discussion…
  9. @Tisalya: woah. you just made me realize..
  10. @rolebod01: cool story
  11. @Aritistic007: Advertising isn't about purchasing a product anymore.  Or about the specs of that product. It's become meme like in weird colours like childrens programmes.
It's all very odd!
  12. @almaisaks: How Apple and Nike have branded your brain | Your Brain on Money | Big Think
  13. @andygold-YT: It's a shame that universities are doing such basic, shallow, and not rigorous studies. 😔🎓
  14. @XiZ-For-Me: The analogy of the architectural plan is perfect, you wouldn't build a house without a blueprint, and you definitely shouldn't build a business without a solid plan to guide your growth and secure funding
  15. @QukFuze: Fascinating insights, It’s incredible to see the neurological data proving that branding goes far beyond logic, tapping directly into our sense of identity and human connection
  16. @sj750: Consumers are far from rational.
  17. @MuttyPech: Absolutely brilliant content.
  18. @blockbusstar: I disagree with this video. I hardly know anyone who chooses a brand because of what they stand for. Most people I know buy the stuff based on: their problems, client reviews and what looks good.  none of this underdog type of shit. We don't look at brands like a movie. We look at it in a way that fixes our problems the best
  19. @PagalPaltuTV: fire tysm 
  20. @TuyenTuan-g1s: strongg

- LUXURY ITEMS I FEEL PRESSURED TO BUY: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi guys welcome back to my channel today we're going to be doing just a sit-down chit chat video about items in the luxury community that i feel pressured to buy that i don't think i would get much use out of i know there's a ton of videos out there that are kind of similar to this vibe but i wanted to talk about more than just luxury handbags so first things first we're gonna stick in the beauty category and the first thing is from chanel and it's that little egg hand lotion thing i'll put a picture of it on the screen so you can see what i'm talking about i don't know why everybody and their grandmother loves this they think it's so convenient personally i feel like it is such an inconvenient shape that it wouldn't fit nicely really into any of my handbags or slg's now while we're on the subject of beauty i did want to go ahead and talk about something i recently picked up of course we are approaching the holiday season and that means that all these luxury brands their beauty lines are going to start coming out with the really awesome gift sets and i was at macy's the other day looking specifically for the chanel gift set that has the lip balm and the egg hand cream i know i just said that i wouldn't buy that but it also comes with a little makeup bag and that's what i was most interested in but anyway they didn't have any in stock yet however they did have this in stock so i had to go ahead and pick it up i'm just going to unbox it here with you take off the lid we have the beautiful chanel box so this here is the coco mademoiselle chanel perfume it is my favorite of all time but it is a little bit pricey so whenever i can get it in a gift set like this where i'm saving money plus there was a 15 off i was so so excited to get my hands on it and it came with the little travel one which this is really what sold me so here's what the travel perfume looks like on the top it does have the chanel in gold which is so so beautiful you just twist it up and then that is where the spray would come out i just think this is such a great gift especially for a mom so i'm so excited i was able to get my hands on it before they sold out and i'm still keeping my eye out for the other chanel gift sets as well all right let's move along and start with the slg's now a lot of these pieces are going to be from louis vuitton of course because that's the brand that i'm most interested in and the one that i feel the most influence to purchase and the first thing is the round coin purse in monogram the newer ones that are a bit thicker and have the little clip on them i'm actually not as tempted to want to buy those as i am the older style of one that has that little bit of fascetta at the bottom it doesn't zip open quite as much for some reason everybody talks about how you need that piece in your life and the truth is i just don't carry coins and i don't believe that my airpods case would fit in there otherwise i would definitely consider using that as an alternative but truthfully i just know that i wouldn't get that much use out of it and for some reason i cannot stop thinking about it every time i do a little browsing on ebay it just tends to be something that i'm gravitating towards next up on this list is going to be the trifecta of the mini pochette i'm absolutely obsessed with this piece i love it so much i do use it as my wallet and i have one that i'm using also as a catch-all in my bag really the canvas trifecta in any pieces from louis vuitton is something that i think we all want to aspire to get for some reason the mini pochette and the pachette assassiwara i would just love to have all three prints i feel like they're such useful pieces and i know a lot of people are kind of against slg's and think that they're a waste of money because they just sit in your bag but the truth is i think that slgs is what i get the most use out of and therefore they are the most worth my money i'd like to have more of a variety in my collection before i went ahead and pulled the trigger on that even though i have seen some incredible deals come up specifically on the azure on fashion file recently so don't sleep on fashion file i know i talk about it a lot but seriously they have some good deals next up is the four ring key holder now this piece is discontinued from louis vuitton but of course i do have my six ring key holder that i use every single day and the reason i get such good use out of it is the fact i can fit my cards behind my keys actually in here just means that i can carry this as both my wallet and as my keys so when i'm running into say the grocery store i can just take this with me and not have to worry about taking a bag at all now with the four key ring holder you can't actually fit any cards behind there but for some reason i feel like when i'm using say my mini pochette as a purse it would be so much more convenient to only have the four ring key holder which is not as tall as this and then my car key because it would just create a lot more space to put other things in there that being said it is another piece that is discontinued and therefore really hard to get your hands on and then lastly in the slg category i wanted to talk about the monogram nice bb i also love the like little mini nano one as well i think eventually you know the goal would be to be able to justify purchasing that and having it on a vanity these are literally we're talking the price of a bag so most slgs are below the 1000 mark i would say for the most part whereas these ones are over that so again that's the goal but at this point that is definitely not anywhere in the near future for me all right now we've made it to the handbag category so the first bag that i want to talk about is actually the prada 2005 re-edition now i wanted to start off by saying i've not ever really been a huge fan of the multiple chat from louis vuitton but i have seen a lot of people compare that to the prada re-edition and i tend to like the pottery edition in the saffiano leather however i don't think that it's very practical for me i do love a canvas strap you know i love that thick strap but for me personally i do think it's just trendy and that that will go away i just know that i wouldn't get the use out of it uh for the price tag so for that reason i wouldn't buy it now sticking with prada i do want to talk about a new love that i have i've been seeing this bag pop up absolutely everywhere and it is the bucket bag by prada specifically though in the leather is what i am just over the moon about something about this bag i think it's so so cute and practical however that being said the strap that comes with it seems really thin just a little bit too thin for my legging i don't love the way that the bag actually looks when people wear crossbody i think when they have it on their shoulder or carrying it on the crook of their arm with that little strap that you can't take off which is another downside in my opinion it looks really cute and like an everyday bag but i'm a tote girl i need more than that so i know that my cost per wear would just not be anywhere near what it needed to be in order to justify that as a purchase kind of in the same boat this one might shock some of you it's the louis vuitton monogram keep on bandolier now if i was going to buy a key ball i would absolutely go for the bandolier version because it does have that strap so you're able to carry it on your shoulder however i know i like to load things down and it just would not be practical for me even though i'd likely only be taking that on road trips um i also don't travel very much i'm kind of a homebody and so i just wouldn't get my use out of it it would probably sit in my closet for most of the time anyway still a beautiful classic piece and again maybe in the future just like the niece bb i could see myself getting my hands on one there are three other bags i want to talk about first being the monogram palm springs mini i talked about this a little bit in a replica video i had um many years ago i purchased a replica palm springs mini and that taught me that i would never want the authentic piece of course nowadays i only purchased authentic pieces that is just a part of my past and i'm very open about i just realized that that type of bag would not work for me i know a lot of people like to carry it as a crossbody bag personally i think it looks a little weird i think it looks like you're carrying a backpack as a crossbody bag and not in a cute way i don't know i i understand that's a really unpopular opinion and that most people are not going to agree with that statement but for some reason that's just how i feel these last two are super controversial and believe me when i say i am in no way saying that i would not purchase any of these bags i probably would if the price was right but the first one is the chanel classic flap in any of the sizes mainly because i'm just not a dressy person now i can appreciate how you can wear like dress them down with jeans and a t-shirt but for the most part it is a very elevated bag in my opinion and a little bit hard to style in a less elevated way now i do work in a business professional setting so potentially i could use it as a work bag looking ahead in the future i still don't know if i would do it i might do it just because of course i am such a big fan of the brand and of luxury in general and that is one of the most if not the most classic luxury bag that you can have and the last one in a similar sense is the lady dior i do think it's a little less practical maybe than a chanel classic flap would be but i just know even though i love how classic and i can appreciate how beautiful the bag is i just wouldn't get the use out of it that i should so those are all the things currently in the luxury community that are constantly being thrown around that i am so tempted to want to buy but no would just not be right for my current lifestyle you know maybe in the future i'll change my mind for now i am perfectly content just living my life without them and admiring them from afar if you like this video go ahead and give it a thumbs up and please subscribe so you don't miss out on the next one also leave a comment down below of a bag that you think doesn't even have to be a bag it could be an slg it could be a beauty product as well just anything that is in the luxury world that everyone is talking about and you feel so pressured to add to your collection or buy thank you so much for watching i really appreciate having you here to talk about my love of luxury with i will see you in my next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @agentbagreviews [2 likes]: You hit the spot with the Chanel 🥚 LOL! Like why do all youtubers have one in their bag? And why do we feel super tempted to have one? 🤣 Agree on the coin purse too, it’s just SO beautiful in shape. Such a well done video, thank you for sharing your thoughts with us! 🥰
  2. @cassyc800c4 [1 likes]: OMG the Chanel set 😍
  3. @cassyc800c4 [1 likes]: First 💖

- Luxury Brands Are Collapsing Faster Than Ever: Kind: captions Language: en Luxury brands have always stood as symbols of status, exclusivity, and refined craftsmanship. For decades, [music] these high-end houses built their reputations on heritage, scarcity, and immaculate presentation. But something has changed, [music] and it's changing faster than anyone in the luxury world expected. Today, we're witnessing a wave of customer [music] loss across some of the most iconic luxury brands on the planet. These companies, once untouchable, are [music] now facing a dramatic shift in consumer behavior. Younger buyers have evolved. The market has transformed [music] and many luxury brands have failed to adapt. In this deep dive, we're exploring 15 luxury brands losing customers [music] at an alarming rate and what this massive shift means for the future of luxury consumption. Let's begin. First [music] up, Gucci. Once the superstar of luxury fashion, Gucci [music] saw explosive growth between 2015 and 2019 under Aleandro Mle. [music] His eccentric maximalist aesthetic ruled culture. Gucci became the brand. Everyone wanted it. But the glory didn't last. Since 2022, Gucci sales have fallen sharply with [music] revenues dropping by 14% in just one quarter. The transition to new creative director Sabato Darno has been [music] rocky, causing longtime fans to drift away. Gucci's biggest problem, an identity [music] crisis. After years of logo heavy designs saturating the market, customers became fatigued. The iconic GG pattern, once [music] aspirational, became overexposed. And when a luxury brand becomes too [music] common, it stops feeling like luxury. Next, Balenciaga. [music] Valenciaga experienced one of the most dramatic reputational crashes in luxury history. Once the leader of the edgy streetear luxury crossover, the brand was dominating culture. But in late 2022, [music] controversy struck. Their ad campaign featuring children and inappropriate [music] imagery triggered global backlash. Boycott spread quickly. Celebrity support evaporated. [music] Analysts estimate sales dropped 30% almost immediately. [music] And even after apologies, the damage remains. Younger luxury shoppers who value ethics more than ever simply walked away. Balenciaga now faces a long and uncertain road to rebuilding trust. Moving forward, Calvin Klein. Calvin Klein once defined American luxury minimalism, [music] but its relevance has faded. Sales continue to slip with an 8% drop compared to prepandemic years. The brand struggles between [music] honoring its provocative past and appealing to Gen Z's modern tastes. And [music] with competition rising from direct to consumer brands and affordable premium labels, Calvin [music] Klein's place in the market has grown unstable. They're trying to modernize, but consumers aren't fully responding. Let's talk [music] about Prada. Prada's decline is less dramatic, but still concerning. The brand's slow digital transformation and niche artistic aesthetic have limited its appeal among younger buyers. [music] Growth in 2022 was modest, but driven mostly by price hikes, [music] not increased demand. That means fewer customers spending more, and that's [music] not a sustainable long-term strategy. Now, Burberry Burberry has been struggling with consistency for years. Multiple creative director changes [music] have created confusion around the brand's identity. In 2023, Burberry issued a profit warning. Sales in China, its most important market, fell by 20%. [music] Their attempt to revive British heritage under Daniel Lee alienated fans who preferred Ricardo [music] Ti's streetear direction. And the iconic check pattern overexposed, counterfeited, and losing its prestige. Now we shift to watches, [music] beginning with Tag Hoyer. Tag Hoyer, once dominant in the accessible luxury sports [music] category, is losing customers fast. The rise of smart watches, especially Apple, devastated this segment. [music] Tag sales have fallen by double digits since 2019. Their attempt to fight back with their connected smartwatch was interesting, but it didn't restore prestige. Meanwhile, price increases pushed TAG into a higher bracket without luxury level perception. Customers simply [music] don't see the value anymore. Next, Tiffany and Co. Tiffany was already struggling before LVMH bought it in 2021. Foot traffic was down. Younger customers were uninterested. Then, after the acquisition, Tiffany introduced bold, modern marketing, including the controversial, not your [music] mother's Tiffany campaign. It backfired. Older customers felt disrespected. [music] Younger customers didn't feel persuaded. Today, Tiffany faces a confused brand identity and declining loyalty during a crucial repositioning period. Next on the list, Ralph Lauren. Ralph Lauren used to be the blueprint for American luxury lifestyle, [music] but years of outlet stores, licensing deals, and discounting have diluted the brand. Sales in the wholesale sector, especially [music] department stores, continue to weaken. Younger consumers simply don't relate to Ralph Lauren's traditional preppy image. The brand is [music] trying to modernize, but traction has been slow. Moving to denim, Diesel. Diesel was a cultural powerhouse in the [music] early 2000s. Premium denim, iconic ads, a global presence. But today, [music] Diesel has lost more than 40% of its sales from its peak. Why? The premium denim trend faded. Competition increased dramatically. Their identity became unclear. Despite recent creative attempts, Diesel remains stuck between old school denim brand and modern fashion house, appealing strongly to neither. [music] Next, Versace. Since being acquired by Capri Holdings, formerly [music] Michael Kors Holdings, Versace has struggled to match expectations. Growth slowed sharply in 2023, particularly in the Americas and Asia. The brand's bold, sexy heritage [music] is iconic, but difficult to modernize. and expansion into more accessible product categories has diluted its prestige without attracting enough [music] new customers. Now, Dolce and Gabbana DG's image took a massive hit after a 2018 controversy in China. Boycotts [music] erupted, sales fell sharply, and the brand still hasn't recovered fully in Asian markets. Beyond the scandal, DG's ornate maximalist aesthetic feels out of touch with today's minimal sustainable luxury trends. and their social media impact remains [music] weaker than newer, more digitally fluent brands. Moving on, Todds, known for highquality leather goods and the iconic Gumino driving shoe, Todds has seen a 10.9% sales [music] drop. Their craftsmanship is excellent, but their products no longer feel exciting or fresh to younger luxury buyers. Todds has also struggled to create online buzz, [music] leaving it overshadowed by trend-driven competitors. Next, Salvator [music] Farerraamo. Farragamo, once respected for its timeless leather goods and elegant shoes, [music] has been stuck in decline for years. Sales fell another 7% in 2023. [music] The brand's traditional aesthetic feels outdated to today's luxury audience. Frequent leadership changes and inconsistent creative direction [music] have slowed their ability to reinvent. Even with new designers on board, momentum has [music] been limited. And now, Michael Kors. Michael Kors transformed [music] affordable luxury in the 2010s, but overexposure destroyed its aspirational appeal. Sales continued declining, falling an additional 6.5% recently. Outlet saturation, endless discounting, [music] and repetitive designs have pushed the brand into mass market territory. Today, many consumers no longer see it as luxury at all. Lastly, [music] Mont Blanc. Mont Blancc is still respected for fine writing instruments, but the demand for luxury pens is shrinking quickly in a digital world. Attempts to expand into watches, leather goods, and tech [music] have had mixed results and risk diluting the brand. Their customer base is aging, and younger buyers simply [music] aren't replacing them at the same pace. Now, what do all these declines reveal? Several major themes. Luxury consumers [music] today expect relevance, ethics, and authenticity, not just heritage. Digital transformation has separated [music] winners from losers. Younger buyers reject loud logos and overt flexing. Conglomerates dominate, making it harder for independence to compete. Sustainability and transparency [music] matter more than ever. Many luxury brands fail to evolve, and they're paying the price. The future of luxury belongs [music] to brands that embrace digital storytelling, ethical values, subtle design, and deep emotional customer connection. Some of the brands we discussed will adapt, some will be acquired, and some may eventually disappear. If you found this breakdown insightful [music] and you want deeper dives into how luxury is evolving, make sure you hit that subscribe button. There's a lot more coming. Let me know in the comments which brand surprised you the most and which one you think still has the [music] best chance at a comeback.

  Top Comments:
  1. @janmalin5652: :medal-yellow-first-red:

- 9 Luxury Brands Slashing Prices to Survive: Kind: captions Language: en Nobody is buying these luxury brands anymore. And for the first time in years, the cracks [music] are no longer subtle. Prices are being slashed. Inventory is piling up. [music] And the same brands that once bragged about never discounting are now quietly doing exactly that, just to survive. These were the labels with endless waiting lists. The brands where sold out felt permanent. [music] Where raising prices every few months was normal, almost expected. But today, stores [music] feel empty, resale values are collapsing, and the fantasy that luxury sold for decades is starting to wear [music] thin. This isn't just a temporary slowdown. It's a reckoning because the old rules don't work anymore. The logos, the hype, the sky-high prices. People aren't buying [music] the fantasy anymore. Literally. Today, we're breaking down nine luxury brands [music] no one's buying anymore. The ones quietly slashing prices, closing stores, and pretending everything's fine. while the market tells a very [music] different story and number one will surprise you. So stay with me. Number nine, Gucci. You know how a [music] song can be so overplayed that you eventually start to hate it? That's Gucci right now. There was a time when Gucci could do no wrong. The double G belts were everywhere. Airports, [music] red carpets, Instagram feeds, maybe even your cousin's graduation photo. It was loud. It was weird. [music] It was luxurious. And somehow it worked. Under Aleandro McCale, [music] Gucci turned chaos into a brand identity. Velvet suits, snake motifs, vintage clashing with futuristic excess. It felt rebellious, [music] maximalist, alive. People didn't just buy Gucci, they joined it. But then came the hangover. In 2025, [music] Gucci sales dropped by nearly 25%, wiping billions [music] off Caring's balance sheet. That's not a dip. That's a shock wave. Stores that were once packed with tourists and influencers are now quiet. You can almost hear the soft jazz echoing over the sound of panic [music] in the back office. And here's where it gets uncomfortable. Gucci, the brand that built its image on we never go on sale, [music] is now quietly discounting. Not in flashing red banners, of course. Luxury never admits desperation that loudly. But those [music] private sale invites, those exclusive previews sent to select clients, that's corporate code for we need to move stock fast. Warehouses are full of unsold inventory, [music] especially from that awkward transition period after Michelle left when Gucci wasn't quite sure who it was anymore. And the bags, the ones that [music] once had waiting lists, they're showing up on resale sites at nearly half their [music] original price. People used to fight for Gucci. Now they scroll [music] past it. Because here's the truth Gucci didn't see coming. Market got tired. Consumers today [music] want calm. They want subtlety. They want timelessness. Gucci's trying to pivot. New creative [music] director, softer designs, less sparkle. But the damage is already done. Once you train [music] customers to expect hype, discounts feel like defeat. It's like watching the life of the party realize the music has stopped. [music] And if Gucci with all its global fame is struggling this hard, just imagine what's happening to the rest. Number eight, Burberry. [music] Burberry was supposed to be untouchable. That check pattern instantly recognizable. [music] The trench coat legendary. For over a century, Burberry represented quiet British sophistication. [music] The kind of brand you wore not to show off, but to whisper, "I've arrived." Fast [music] forward to now, and Burberry feels lost in the fog it created. In just 5 years, the [music] brand has gone through so many revamps, it feels like a TV series rebooting every season. New creative directors, [music] new logos, strip back the check, bring it back again. It's like watching someone try on [music] personalities in a fitting room. And the numbers are brutal. In 2025, Burberry's operating [music] profit collapsed by nearly 88%. Revenue fell sharply, especially in Asia once their biggest [music] growth engine. Stores are overstocked. Foot traffic is down. And Burberry is slashing prices [music] just to keep product moving. Yes, Burberry is running flash sales. A heritage sale event even popped up in select boutiques. That's luxury language for we're quietly panicking. The core problem, Burberry keeps [music] chasing trends instead of setting them. One season it's street wear, the next classic elegance. One year oversized logos, [music] the next pretending those logos never existed. Confusion is poison in luxury. You can't charge $3,000 for a coat when no one knows what you stand for. And younger buyers notice. [music] They want identity, a clear story, something to believe in. Burberry story feels [music] like it's being rewritten mid-sentence. Resale platforms tell the harshest truth [music] of all. Trench coats that were once considered investment pieces are now reselling for a few hundred. [music] When loyal customers stop treating your products as collectibles, the luxury [music] part of luxury disappears fast. Burberry isn't dying because [music] people hate it. It's dying because no one knows what it is anymore. And [music] if that's British heritage gone wrong, wait until you see what's happening next. Number seven, Salvatore [music] Farerraamo. If Burberry is the story of heritage confused by trends, [music] then Salvatore Farerraamo is the story of heritage frozen in time. There was a time when Farerraamo was a quiet powerhouse in Italian luxury. No loud logos, no gimmicks, just precision craftsmanship, [music] beautiful leather, shoes and bags worn by people who didn't need to explain their wealth. Ferragamo wasn't flashy. It was confident. [music] It was the kind of brand your boss wore to board meetings. The kind of brand that [music] said everything without saying anything at all. But somewhere along the way, Farragamo [music] stopped moving forward. While other heritage houses evolved, Prada experimenting, Dior [music] modernizing, even Bautga Vanetta reinventing itself, Farragamo stayed Farerraamo. Muted colors, [music] predictable silhouettes, campaigns that look like they belong to another decade. And then Gen Z happened. The world shifted toward bold storytelling, emotion, cultural relevance. Even traditionally conservative luxury brands learned how to speak louder without losing credibility. Farragamo kept whispering while everyone else learned how to perform. And by 2025, that silence came at a [music] cost. Sales dropped sharply, especially in Asia, the very market Farerra was counting [music] on for growth. The CEO resigned. The stock slid. Analysts started asking the one question no luxury house wants to hear. Is Farragamo still relevant? Walk into a Ferragamo boutique today and [music] you'll notice something unsettling. The products are beautiful. The leather is excellent. The craftsmanship is still there. But there's no urgency. No lines, [music] no buzz, no conversation. Sales associates quietly adjust displays, hoping someone walks in. And in luxury, once people stop talking about you, you're already in trouble. Farragamo tried to fix it. [music] They brought in Maximleian Davis, a young, talented designer with real creative credibility. His debut collections were sleeker, [music] more modern, a little daring. But reinvention is hard when your core customer base is over [music] 50 and allergic to change. You can't suddenly become exciting when your audience expects comfort. [music] The real red flag came next. Ferragamo began slashing [music] prices. Private sales became more frequent. Discounts appeared more often. Bags that once retailed above $2,000 started showing up on resale platforms [music] for a,000 or less. For an Italian heritage brand, that's the equivalent of waving a white flag. [music] Farragamo isn't bad. It's forgettable. And in 2025, forgettable is fatal. [music] Number six, Mulberry. If Farerraamo got stuck in the past, Mulberry got lost [music] in the middle. Mulberry was once the pride of British craftsmanship. Soft [music] leather, timeless silhouettes, that effortless charm that made you feel polished without trying too hard. And then there was the Alexa bag. A true cultural moment. Kate Moss, Megan Markle, everyone who mattered carried [music] one. For a while, the Alexa said, "I've made it tastefully." Then the shine wore off. Over the last few years, Mulberry has been quietly struggling. In 2025, global sales dropped by nearly 21%. After years of restructuring and hopeful messaging about a comeback [music] that never really arrived. The truth is simple. Mulberry didn't just lose [music] customers, it lost relevance. In an era where fashion is louder, faster, and more experimental, [music] Mberry stayed polite. Too polite. Its collections have that nice [music] but not exciting energy, the kind that earns a polite nod and then [music] gets forgotten. And then came the pricing problem. Malberry used to be [music] the accessible luxury bridge between high street and high-end. But prices crept upward, quietly at first, until suddenly [music] they were brushing up against Louis Vuitton territory. Bags that once sold for [music] $900 now retail closer to $1,800. That's a problem when [music] you don't have Vuitton's global poll. Consumers noticed, sales didn't. Now Malberry is sitting on unsold inventory [music] and a fading brand image. Subtle discounts, friends and family sales, [music] tactics the brand once swore it would never use. And resale, it's brutal. Pristine Malberry bags are selling online for under $300. [music] That puts the brand in designer purgatory. Too expensive to be mainstream, [music] too unexciting to be luxury. Malberry keeps chasing the old Alexa magic, reissues, updates, remixes, but nostalgia can't hold an empire together. Mulberry's biggest problem isn't [music] bad design, it's invisibility. Number five, Michael Kors. [music] Now, we move from quiet decline to very public struggle. Michael Kors used [music] to be the cool middle ground. The brand you bought when you couldn't afford Chanel but still wanted to look expensive. Gold MK logos, shiny totes, jetet watches. In 2015, Michael Kors was [music] everywhere. And that was the beginning of the end. Walk into any outlet mall today and you'll see [music] racks of Michael Kors bags covered in red discount tags. That's not strategy. That's survival. Capri Holdings recently reported a 16% sales drop with Michael Kors taking the hardest hit. Inventory piled up. Foot traffic slowed. Friends and family discounts became routine. Even flagship stores, once designed to feel exclusive, now feel like permanent [music] clearance zones. What killed Michael Kors was overexposure. They went from [music] aspirational to accessible to oversaturated. When everyone has it, [music] no one wants it. That MK logo, once a status symbol, now screams on sale. [music] Coach managed to recover from this exact trap by leaning into heritage and rebranding. Michael Kors [music] hasn't. They tried collaborations, new ambassadors, celebrity endorsements, nothing sticks. The brand is trapped between its [music] outlet identity and its luxury aspirations. Too mass market to feel prestigious, too expensive [music] to compete with mid-tier brands. That's the danger zone in fashion. Resale platforms confirm it. Some Kors bags that retailed for $400 barely sell for 60. That's the market saying no [music] demand. Michael Kors built its empire on accessibility. And in 2025, that same accessibility is [music] exactly why people moved on. Number four, Versace. There was a time when Versace didn't just participate in luxury, it defined it. Gold chains, baroque prints, high gloss glamour. Versace wasn't subtle, and it never tried to be. [music] It was power dressing in its loudest, most unapologetic form. Versace wasn't selling clothes. It [music] was selling dominance. For decades, wearing Versace meant owning the room. red carpets, award shows, [music] magazine covers, the brand thrived on visibility. And for a long [music] time, that visibility worked. But in 2025, something feels off. Versace feels [music] tired. And that's not a word you ever expect to associate with a house built on excess. Under Capri [music] Holdings, Versace was supposed to scale globally. More stores, more collections, more relevance. Instead, it got overexposed. [music] The numbers tell the story. In 2025, Versace reported a 21% drop in sales with margins shrinking and inventory piling [music] up. That's corporate language for one thing. They made too much and people stopped buying it. Versace tried the usual fixes. [music] Celebrity campaigns, new capsule drops, big runway moments. But when every pop [music] star and influencer has already worn your pieces, spectacle stops feeling special. It starts [music] feeling repetitive. Walk into a Versace boutique today and you'll notice something strange. The displays are full, the [music] lighting is dramatic, the staff is attentive, but the energy is gone. If you're lucky [music] or unlucky, you might be offered a client-only preview sale. Translation: [music] quiet markdowns without calling them sales. And the handbags, once symbols [music] of fiery Italian glamour, they're now struggling badly on resale [music] platforms. The Lamadusa line launched with massive hype. Today, those [music and singing] same bags are listed for half their retail price and still sitting unsold for months. That's not a trend problem. That's a demand problem. [music] Luxury tastes have shifted. Today's buyer doesn't want to be drenched in logos [music] and gold. They want sophistication, subtlety, story. Versace's identity is still rooted in excess. What used to be its superpower has become its weakness, and the [music] whispers matter. Reports that Capri Holdings may consider selling Versace aren't rumors you hear [music] unless something is deeply broken. You don't put a house like Versace on the market casually. Versace tried [music] to be everywhere and lost the one thing luxury needs most, mystique. Number three, Jimmy Chu. If Versace is struggling to [music] adapt, the next brand is struggling to survive relevance itself. There was a [music] time when Jimmy Chu wasn't just a brand. It was a fantasy. Those crystal [music] embellished heels weren't just shoes. They were dreams. Wedding shoes, promotion shoes, red carpet shoes. Even if the red carpet was just the aisle at your cousin's reception. Then came [music] one pop culture moment that changed everything. I lost my chew. One line, one show, one explosion of demand. Overnight, Jimmy Chu became shorthand for luxury, confidence, and transformation. If you wore the right shoes, the world might treat you differently. But the world moved on, and [music] Jimmy Chu didn't move with it. In 2025, the brand that once symbolized untouchable glamour is [music] quietly struggling. Sales have declined quarter after quarter. Online interest has dropped. Boutique traffic is thin. And fashion insiders have stopped pretending there's a comeback coming. The problem isn't [music] quality. It's relevance. The modern luxury buyer isn't [music] chasing Cinderella moments anymore. They want comfort, versatility, longevity. A $1,200 stiletto doesn't fit easily into a [music] world obsessed with sneakers, ballet flats, and quiet luxury. While understated [music] brands thrive, Jimmy Chu is still covered in sequins, hoping nostalgia [music] will pay the bills. It isn't. Resale platforms tell the truth again. Heels that were [music] once impossible to find are now overflowing online for $150, $200, [music] if they sell at all. Retailers are running unadvertised sales that would [music] have been unthinkable a decade ago. The brand that once sold status is now competing with its own markdowns. Jimmy Chu tried to pivot. Sneakers, handbags, casual lines, [music] but every move feels reactive, not visionary. The sparkle didn't disappear overnight. It burned out slowly, one discount at [music] a time. Number two, Bali. There was a time when Bali represented a very specific kind of luxury. Swiss precision, [music] Italian craftsmanship, quiet confidence. Ballet was never [music] loud. It didn't chase attention. It didn't rely on logos or spectacle. If Gucci was the rock star, Bali [music] was the quiet billionaire in a perfectly tailored suit. Elegant, effortless, slightly [music] mysterious. But in 2025, that whisper has become silence. Bal's biggest [music] problem isn't quality, it's relevance. The brand is caught in an [music] identity crisis. On one side, younger buyers who want boldness, personality, and cultural presence. On the other, older loyalists who still believe Ballet is at its best when it stays understated. Trying to please both has left it pleasing no one. Too traditional for Gen Z, too forgettable for Gen X. And the numbers confirm it. Over the past year, Bali has quietly closed stores across the US and parts of Europe. [music] Insiders talk about warehouses full of unsold inventory. Revenue has fallen sharply across multiple [music] regions. To move product, Bali has leaned heavily on discrete private sales. Discounts that never appear online. Offers whispered to loyal [music] customers behind boutique doors. That's not confidence. That's damage control. Even the boutiques that remain open [music] feel strained. Lower foot traffic, fewer new collections, an atmosphere [music] that feels more like a museum than a living brand. And that's deadly in retail. Bali knows it has a problem. That's why it tried to reinvent itself. [music] They hired Luigi Va Seenor, a designer celebrated for youth culture and street wear energy, hoping to inject relevance [music] into the brand. The idea was bold. The execution failed. After just a short tenure, Ruigi exited due to creative [music] differences. Ballet was left right where it started, unsure of its voice, its audience, or its future. Now, the brand is slashing prices on items that once symbolized exclusivity. Loafers, leather bags, classic silhouettes, discounts approaching [music] 40%. For a brand built on restraint, that's a loud admission of trouble. [music] Ballet isn't bad. It's invisible. And in today's luxury market, invisibility is a death sentence. Refinement alone doesn't sell anymore. Relevance does. Number one, Todds. And that brings us [music] to number one. You know things are bad when a brand built entirely on quiet luxury goes quiet. For real. For decades, Todds [music] defined effortless Italian sophistication. Suede loafers, buttery leather bags, minimal logos. The brand [music] was beloved by people who hated showing off. If Gucci was the loud dinner guest, Todd's was the one sipping wine at the end of the table, quietly flexing perfect taste. But in 2025, that kind of quiet isn't elegant anymore. It's invisible. The luxury market has shifted. Brands like Lauro Piana and BGA Vanetta perfected the stealth wealth formula. They took Todd's entire aesthetic and layered it with storytelling, [music] scarcity, and cultural relevance. Todds didn't evolve, it stayed beautiful and [music] silent. The numbers reveal the damage. In early 2025, Todds announced it would delist [music] from the stock market and go private. That's corporate language for we're in trouble and [singing] need to fix this away [music] from public scrutiny. Sales declined in China and Europe, two of its most important markets. [music] And its once loyal customer base has aged out. Younger [music] buyers aren't even looking in Todd's direction. And that's the real crisis. Luxury today isn't [music] just about craftsmanship. It's about conversation. You have to make people feel something. [music] Give them a reason to talk about you. Todd's hasn't done that in years. Even their iconic Gamino driving loafers, once a symbol of understated wealth, [music] are now discounted 30, 40, even 50% online. A shocking move for a brand that once prided [music] itself on timeless exclusivity. Their handbags tell the same story. Impeccably made, perfectly stitched, and sitting [music] unsold. Todds didn't collapse because it got worse. It collapsed because everyone [music] else got louder. In a market driven by emotion, innovation, [music] and cultural relevance, Todds kept whispering in a crowded room. And in fashion, [music] if you're not being heard, you're gone. Final reflection. So, there you have it. Nine luxury brands that once [music] ruled the world, now struggling to keep the lights on. From Gucci's hype hangover to Burberry's identity crisis to Todd's [music] quiet fade out, the message is clear. Luxury is no longer untouchable. The game has changed. Faster [music] trends, smarter shoppers. A generation that values meaning over monograms. What used to feel exclusive now feels desperate. The velvet rope [music] is fraying. And the brands that once set the rules are suddenly playing catch-up. But maybe that's [music] not a bad thing. Maybe this collapse is a reset. A chance for luxury to remember what made it special in the first place. Craft, heritage, emotion. Because people still love beautiful things. [music] They just don't want to be sold illusions anymore. So, as these brands scramble to stay relevant, one question remains. [music] Who's next? Who's quietly losing their sparkle while pretending everything's fine? [music] Let me know which luxury brand you think is next to fall. And if this breakdown helped you see what's really happening behind the glass walls of high fashion, [music] you know what to do next. If you enjoyed this deep dive, make sure to like the video, subscribe to the channel, and turn on notifications so you never [music] miss what's happening behind the scenes of wealth, luxury, and Power.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kaeliable [20 likes]: I still like Ferragamo.
  2. @Buttercookiesssss [15 likes]: Celebrities and Influencers with luxury products have opposite effect on me now. The more I see the more I don’t want. I feel stupid to blindly buy just because I see the items on them. It’s a scam to me 😂
  3. @robertocenteno4849 [14 likes]: Salvatorre Ferragamo is one of my top brand when it comes to formal leather shoes with matching belt 
What will happen 
And also the Bally ❤❤
  4. @ericschepps8998 [10 likes]: What’s wrong with you, dude?  It could’ve been an interesting video, but you played the background music louder so we can’t hear your voice.
  5. @stevenbrown6277 [6 likes]: I think a blinking blue light on a stand like K-Mart used to have would be good. "Blue light specials" next to what is on sale. That would be a hoot.
Even Target stores based here in Minneapolis are having trouble. I think people just don't need all the crap anymore. Also, as the population gets older they just don't shop that much anymore.  People are getting rid of things rather than buying new things.
  6. @JoeSmith-q6o [4 likes]: LA native that worked Rodeo Drive in the '70s, just before it became "famous". Gucci lost me when they advertised & sold Gucci Cadillac Seville's. So tacky.  Burberry - had their iconic WWI military trench coat bought at their London flagship store as a teen in 1975. Watching their "plaid" plastered everywhere... no thanks. "Scouting" for an acquaintance years ago went to Chanel's Rodeo store... dowdy, with everything plastered with their double "C's" logo. So tacky & their offerings were dowdy. Muted colors in top quality fabrics & construction never go out of style because their never "of the moment" trendy "in style". Those objects stand the test of time -
  7. @corpojp6624 [4 likes]: as a consumer of luxury its all about buying what you love, go for the styles to enjoy and forget about these kinds of videos 'telling' us what is in and what is out.  Seriously?? If Iyou hear 'quiet luxury' one more time  and its so dull.  Stop this shit, go for designs and labels you like.  Ferragamo does beautiful bags so will never go out of style.
  8. @toddkiehm [2 likes]: That was never luxury silly.
  9. @luciasaunders9736 [2 likes]: Naah! I'd still buy Ferragamo handbag. I like the good old classic. I'm not fan of 'inov', like Chanel just does. I think it's ugly and awful. Coco Chanel would turn in her grave!
  10. @ProfessorLuthor [2 likes]: Burberry is a "pgenerational" brand, persons born in the 40s 50s 60s was their hey-day
  11. @margaretbarra6390 [1 likes]: I won't argue with your conclusions, but there's too much reliance in every market on brick and mortar stores.
  12. @LiviusTitus-tf3oj: :face-blue-smiling:
  13. @tedoneilclark4710: One word for customers it's skint 😂
  14. @Jersey1971: A basic Versace camera bag still costs over $1K i don't see any price slashing.  These companies still want full price
  15. @sweetlife7279: Mass produced in China and not handsewn leather, so what is the attraction?
  16. @FredericKahler: All those glimpses of CHANEL
As if it's also going to hell
Oh, but Coco stealth remains
Even as the other leave only stains 
Across the glamorously marbled malls 
With splashes of blood on marble walls...
  17. @janinep.1794: This is hysterical. I always wondered why anyone would even go into any of those stores. Bunch of overpriced crap.
  18. @stylefront-w7y: When luxury watch videos hit and you feel the elegance 😂
  19. @RikardBlaz: only a burberry was some brend, others was just for nuevo rich...
  20. @BerndBorchert: Looking at the art-directors shown (bad taste appearance of them) I think most of these brands followed "go woke go broke!"

- LUXURY ITEMS THAT I WAS UTTERLY OBSESSED WITH 😍 But How Do I Feel Now?: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys, welcome back to my channel. So, in today's video, I thought I would talk about the items that I was obsessed with. I feel like that's a really common thing, especially in the beauty community. Everyone is like obsessed, and I apologize if it gets a little bit redundant. You guys know that I have a lot of bags, and wish lists are just ever-growing, especially in the luxury community. But, I actually do have five pieces in particular in my collection. Four of them, of course, are bags, but one is a jewelry item. And I could like something, I could even really, really like something. But, then there's something that shoots up into the top of your wish list, and then it basically just sets up shop in your brain, and it's the only thing you want. I'm basically going to be explaining to you guys if the novelty kind of wore off, if the obsession really lived up to the hype that I had in my head before owning it. So, if you guys are curious to see the items that I'm going to talk about, then just keep watching. So, the first item on my list is my Chanel Mini Urban Spirit Backpack. I'm going to be saying the word obsessed a lot, so apologies moving forward. I wanted this bag so much. Like, this was a bag that was ever-consuming in my thoughts. This was during, I think like towards the end of the Tumblr days. Anytime I saw a picture of somebody having the Urban Spirit Backpack, like this was what I wanted. I wanted this bag before I even understood the concept of seasons and collections. This was like very early on. I believe I got this in 20, maybe 2018. 2017 or 2018, but I knew every once in a while Chanel came out with colors, but I didn't really the concept of seasonal bags. And the Urban Spirit Backpack, I don't know about now, I feel like it's actually like permanent, because they come out with new colors all the time. But, at one point the Urban Spirit Backpack was a seasonal backpack, because I would go into the Chanel boutiques, not often. Like, I really wasn't shopping that much. I was like fresh out of college after that. But, if I was hypothetically at the mall, and there happened to be a Chanel boutique, then I would walk in just to see, and then I would ask them if they had the Mini Urban Spirit Backpack. But, 100% of the time the workers that I would speak to would tell me no. Like this was the number one bag that I wanted and all I thought about. I didn't even know how much it was. I just knew that I wanted this backpack. I would see the bigger sizes, the small size. So this technically is the mini size. So how I stumbled upon this backpack, I was at the mall for some reason at night time. I don't know if I was getting off of work. I don't remember, but it was around 6:00 to 7:00 o'clock. Like the mall was basically about to close. I walked into Neiman Marcus just out of whim and I don't normally shop at Neiman Marcus. Let's just get that out of the way, but I decided to go into the Chanel boutique. I was just walking by and then the moment that I saw this on display, I started screaming internally, of course, and I went up to the worker and I was like, "Oh my gosh. Like I can't believe you have this backpack. Like do you have it in any other sizes?" And they only had the mini and then this was the last one. It was on display and again, at the time I was very new to buying luxury. I didn't even understand the concept of like "Oh, it's on display. Like can you check one from the back?" I really didn't know anything about stuff like that. I just saw this bag and I got so so excited because back story, the year prior to me actually getting this backpack, cuz my mom knew this was the number one bag that I wanted. If she ever traveled and she walked by a Chanel boutique, she would go in and show them a picture of this and ask them if they had it and then nobody had it. So she ended up getting me the business affinity backpack instead to kind of like fill that void, but she knew I was looking for this backpack. And I still love my business affinity backpack and I'm very grateful that my mom got that for me, but I just could not get this backpack out of my head. Specifically remember I asked the essay at Chanel and I was like, "How much is this?" And I sent a picture to my mom and I was like, "Oh my god, Mommy, they have the backpack." And she knew instantly she was like, "Oh my gosh. Like you should get it if you really want it." Da da da da da da da da da. And then I asked the lady how much it was and at the time it was 3,600 or 3,800 around that point. That that so much money. Like when she told me that, I was genuinely flabbergasted because to me at that time, $2,000 already was a lot, and then this was a mini backpack. I was just shocked that it was essentially almost $4,000. And then my mom knew how much I wanted it, so my mom did end up getting it for me. So, now, do I think this bag is worth it? 100% yes. This has lived up to the hype in my head. This, out of all the backpacks that I have in my collection, I do have a quite a few. I think I have maybe five backpacks in my collection, and this is my favorite. Like, if I had to get rid of all of my other backpacks, this would be the backpack that I would use. I honestly don't know if this is calfskin or lambskin. I want to say it's lambskin because it is crazy soft, and it is gold hardware as well. And at that point, I justified this also the fact that this is a mini version cuz when I originally wanted the Urban Spirit backpack, I wanted the bigger sizes, either the small or the larger size, and this was the first time I ever saw the mini, and I thought this checked everything. Even though this was a backpack, you could technically dress this up because it's mini and take this to like Nobu in Malibu or something like that. Like, yes, it is a backpack, but it's small enough that you could essentially dress it up as well. I love this so much. Like, I've really gotten my use out of this. I've never been ballsy enough to take this backpack to Disneyland. I know some people take it to Disneyland, but I don't. I keep my backpack stuffed whenever I'm not using this. So, the Urban Spirit backpack is essentially a classic flap turned into a backpack. Like, it even has a Mona Lisa pocket on the side, which I honestly only use for like validation tickets, and that's pretty much it. I would never put my phone here purely because I wouldn't want to stretch it out. If you see any Urban Spirit backpacks on pre-loved websites, usually part that like caves in is the sides right here, which is why I like to keep mine stuffed. This backpack is around what, like 7, 8 years old, and I've used this a ton, like a ton, a ton, a ton. Because I ended up getting an organizer for this, and I keep it stuffed at all times. You can like barely see the creasing right here, but all in all I kept it in phenomenal condition. Absolutely no regrets. This has definitely lived up to the hype. I've gotten my cost per wear out of this and I just absolutely adore this. I think the newer Urban Spirit backpacks do come in caviar if you want something a little bit more hard wearing and the drawstrings on the new ones does come with like little cute little Chanel hardware balls, but I love this. I'm never going to sell it. Like I said again, if I had to get rid of every single luxury backpack in my collection, this would be the one that I would keep without a doubt in my mind. So, the next bag that I was utterly obsessed with was the original Nano Speedy. If you were friends with any of my friends, they all knew that this was the bag that I wanted. It was always the bag that I'd be on the lookout for. I would constantly check the website. At this point in time, this bag was available on the website, but it would say out of stock. The amount of effort that it took me to find this bag, like I would email the Louis Vuitton customer service. even on the phone with the Louis Vuitton customer service. Like, "Are you able to find this bag in stock for me? Da da da da da da." And they told me that they couldn't find actual stock at certain boutiques, but they did say that the bag was still in production. And then I specifically remember I'd be constantly, like I've never been so hyper fixated on a bag. Like, out of all the things that I'm going to mention, this without a doubt was the most I've ever been so hyper fixated on wanting this. I would constantly be checking on Instagram to see other people, just like random strangers, if they found this. I remember one in particular on Instagram, somebody in Soho went into the Louis Vuitton store on a whim and she took a picture of the Nano Speedy. Like, "I just walked in and they happened to have one in stock." And she bought it. Like, it was so sought after. And then I will forever remember after I saw that somebody found it on Instagram in New York, I went to the Topanga Louis Vuitton. I have never felt so much, what's the word, like entitled energy from an essay ever. And then I asked the essay and I was like, "Oh, do you happen to have the nano speedy?" Because on Instagram somebody like a real person, it wasn't a CA that was posting it, it wasn't a personal shopper, it was literally a real person found it at the Soho like they just had a random restock and went into the boutique with the intention to ask like if they know if they would have any in stock or if I would just get lucky one day what have you. And when I asked them if they had the nano speedy, literally the girl was like because at this point in time they didn't have their new updated nano speedy and the girl was like, "I don't know what you're talking about." She's like "that bag doesn't exist." And she was 100% giving me like super condescending vibes like this girl's coming in, she has no idea what she's talking about, I'm making stuff up. At the time I wasn't that confident so I was just like, "Oh, okay." Like I literally just had my tail between my legs and I'm just like, "Okay, maybe I am crazy." Even though I knew for a fact that this bag was still in production. Even though I called the Louis Vuitton concierge and they said that they still made the bag. They just have random restocks is what like the concierge couldn't help me enough. But they at least verified that this bag was still in production. And then obviously they slowly phased out this bag completely. Culminating to the story, the way that I got this, I got it through a personal shopper so I did have to pay I believe like $300 above retail but it's worth it, absolutely worth it. Oh my goodness, I love this bag so much. Anytime I bring up this bag you guys know that I used to leave it on my bookshelf and then I think one time I just didn't use it for maybe about a month it was just sitting on my windowsill and half of it got patinaed and then the other half didn't get patinaed. So my handles are technically two different shades of patina and I tried leather conditioner, I tried to literally leave it out in the sun and cover partially it with a towel and I just could not get it to work. So then I thought about getting the vachetta just completely replaced and starting from a scratch but then Louis Vuitton quoted me. I forgot the exact price but I believe it was like 1370 I think to get the vachetta completely replaced and I was like, "That is essentially the price that I paid for the entire bag." And I've brought this up with you guys, too, and you all equally agree that I should not be paying that much. So, I actually have not replaced the vachetta. Maybe someday I'll do it. I am, however, happy that I didn't end up cutting the strap, because during COVID, a lot of people this Nano Speedy, the strap is attached. It is not detachable. So, so many people were actually cutting the strap, and I'm actually really glad that I never cut the strap off. I was very tempted, but I decided not to. And my favorite thing about this Nano Speedy is that it's literally a Speedy shrunken down, whereas the Nano Speedy that you can buy on the website right now is essentially the Mini Speedy HL. So, that one is a little bit longer and more narrow, whereas this one has the dimensions of a Speedy shrunken, and that's my favorite thing. I love this. This definitely lived up to the hype. I remember one of my friends, he worked at this like 24-hour restaurant, and a lady came in with the Nano Speedy, and this is before I got it, and he took a picture of it. I'm going to see if I can find this picture, but I remember he texted me, I think it was like 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning. He was like, "Isn't this the bag that you're looking for, the Nano Speedy?" And he even asked the girl was like, "Can I take a picture of this? My friend has been looking for this exact bag." And then she was even telling him that she got the last one. She wasn't from LA, but she was telling my friend that she got the last one in the country at the time or the last one in the state or da da da, da da, but she knew just how exclusive the Nano Speedy was, and I was like, "Oh my goodness." This has completely lived up to the hype. I love this bag. It fits my phone. It looks very, very small, but it actually fits a lot. I honestly feel like they should bring this back. I don't know why they don't offer two different options, like one more narrow one and one big one. Like, I feel like this would do so well. Honestly, between this and the Mini Speedy HL, I love this one so much more. The dimensions are just so absolutely adorable. If I for some reason lost this bag or this bag got destroyed, I would buy it again without a doubt in my mind. I would buy it again. I love it. Especially I'm a Louis Vuitton girl, so I love it. So, the next bag that I was absolutely obsessed with was my Celine Boston bag. So, at the time when I got this, they only had one size. So, this was the Boston bag, but now it is technically considered the large size. So, they have the Boston bag available in the small, medium The medium size is actually very, very cute, to be quite honest with you. And then this one. Of course, if you guys have been an OG follower of my channel for a while, I got this bag because of Lisa. Like she inspired it. I saw so many pictures and videos of her use this bag at the airport, just day-to-day. Anytime I saw her use this bag, I screenshotted it, screen recorded it, because she just made it look so nice. And at the time, I didn't have like a travel duffel bag. This just looked like such a great travel bag. Like a cute little duffel to go on top of your carry-on luggage because it is canvas and has the treated leather. It's very carefree. If you wanted to put this on the ground, have I ever put this on the ground? I don't Yes, I have, actually. When I went to Colorado, this was my airplane bag as well. It does not fit my laptop, but it does fit my iPad, which is very, very nice. I don't use this as much anymore. If I'm going somewhere for like, let's say I was going to OC for a couple hours and I was visiting a friend, then I would totally bring this bag to bring like face wash, skin care, maybe extra makeup. da da da da da da. You could put gym clothes in this as well. I definitely don't regret this, but I don't use this as much as I thought I was going to use this. Ironically though, this exact size is extremely popular in Japan. I've seen like at least three to four influencers or models that I follow have this bag. Or I feel like just the Celine Boston bag in general is very, very popular. A lot of people in Japan have the vintage version. I think it's called the Celine Madame or something like that. I think Lisa just made it look so good and so easy to use. Between my product Amy and this is that the product Amy can function as a travel bag and as an everyday bag, whereas this one is a bit big for everyday unless again, if I was living in Japan and taking the subway to work, then that's a different story, but I drive a car, so I technically don't really need something this large. I'm never going to sell it just because it's just great to have like a tiny little duffel bag because I have bigger like Lululemon duffel bags that are ginormous. So this is just really nice to have in case. I've never actually used this bag to go to the movies, but I technically in theory could use this bag to go to the movies as well. There was a time and place, I think for a span of maybe 6 months, I could not stop thinking about this bag. I really just don't use it anymore. I don't even remember the last time I've used this bag. The next piece I'm going to talk about is the only jewelry piece. Kind of like disappointing to mention this as well, but my Van Cleef vintage Alhambra in the chalcedony with the white gold. This was honestly the start of Van Cleef being quote-unquote everywhere and I just I wanted a Van Cleef piece so badly. I was really debating between the onyx, the malachite. The moment that I heard the malachite one was the most delicate, you could not have that touch water even a singular time. I was like, "As much as I love green and as beautiful as that is, I just can't deal with something that high maintenance." The reason why I decided on the chalcedony is one, it was white gold so it matches the Cartier bracelet that my mom gave to me. But on top of that, too, I had so much gold jewelry that I wanted to kind of branch out and get white gold. And then it was just an even better thing the fact that the chalcedony was one of the most hard wearing. I think it's either neck to neck with onyx or it's a little bit more hard wearing than onyx is. This is what it looks like. The cool thing about chalcedony is that every single one actually looks a little bit different. Some are more blue, some lean a little bit lilac, some even have a lot of gray undertones. Mine is honestly a really nice mix in the middle. So, my dad actually bought this for me for my 30th birthday, so it does have a lot of special meaning to it. I barely wear this. I can't even say that I wear this once a month, but there was a period in time when all I could think about was this Van Cleef necklace. Like, anytime I even thought about making a Sephora purchase, I was like, "Hmm, this $150 could be going towards this necklace." Cuz at the time, I was saving up for this necklace. I really, really wanted it. This was truly just consuming my thoughts. I didn't see it actually that frequently. I feel like the white gold and chalcedony isn't as popular. Definitely the gold or the onyx one are the most popular out of all of them. At least I think, just from like seeing it online and in person. I remember one of my best guy friends at the time, all I did was talk about it. I kept showing him pictures. I was like, "Look, isn't this so cute?" And then and I remember I walked into Van Cleef. I think the first time I ever went to Van Cleef to try this necklace on, and I was like, "Look how cute this looks." The reason why I don't wear this anymore, when I first got it for my birthday, I wore it for maybe like a week or two straight, but this necklace, uh, see, this is the thing. I love wearing necklaces. You guys know I'm like a necklace fiend. And I love a necklace that I can take a shower in and I can sleep in. So, theoretically, I can shower in the chalcedony one. A lot of people say it's a very hard-wearing. Obviously, it is recommended to take them off. This is not comfortable to sleep in. It's like, I will say the plus side is the chain on this necklace is a very substantial I mean, it doesn't like weigh me down, but it definitely does not feel dainty. But, because of that sort of heft, when you sleep on it and like the necklace pulls back, I kind of feel like I'm choking. Like, it is not comfortable to wear 24/7. Same thing, I do also have the plum blossom one as well. The chain, even though that one's rose gold, the chain thickness and I guess weight of that chain is still the same. Like, when I roll around to sleep in it. I wouldn't say it's very uncomfortable, but it is not a comfortable necklace to wear 24/7. I eventually took it off and I just wear it on special occasions. Like if I'm going out for like a date or like a special dinner or something like that, then I do like to wear this. But I don't regret this at all. I love that I have this in my collection and I believe Van Cleef had a price increase. So I think this is even more expensive than when my dad got it for me. And obviously I'll never sell it. I'll never give it away. Like absolutely not. There are so many other necklaces in my collection that I would much prefer to wear cuz usually I rotate my necklaces very very often. I probably change my necklace maybe like once a week to give everyone a little bit of love, you know? Or if I do wear this, let's say I'm going to South Coast and I want to like dress up a little bit. I'll put this on and the moment that I get home or before I take off my makeup or take a shower, I immediately take this necklace off because I can feel it. Again, it's obviously a plus because the chain feels very hefty. The necklace is still feels very substantial, but it's just not a necklace that I would like to wear 24/7. Like if I can't sleep with it, I'm taking it off without a doubt. But it is gorgeous. Truly it is very very pretty. Because of the collector in me, I do eventually want to add some sort of gold vintage Alhambra necklace either just like the solid gold one or the malachite one to purely wear on special occasions. Just so I have like a rose gold vintage, a white gold, and then a gold. But that's just me being absolutely insane. I'm literally telling you that I hate sleeping with it. But um I would love to just like complete my little gold Trinity collection. The last luxury item that I was absolutely obsessed with. I wonder if any of you guys can guess. Haha. It is the micro D-Joy. So I bought this in not last year, the year before. So two summers ago I got this for my birthday. This was the bag that I think I talked about in so many like luxury chit-chats before I got it and I was like, "I want the micro D-Joy. I'm saving up for the micro Dior, all I want is the micro Dior. And then I kept seeing it everywhere. It's that like German or Hungarian thing where the moment you want something or notice something, now you just see it everywhere. I saw somebody have this at like so many boba shops and every single time I saw it, everybody was using it with the chain as a shoulder bag, and I just loved it so much. But since then, I have not used this bag. But at one point, this was truly consuming me. I think when the micro Dior first came out, it was 3,100, I want to say. Now I believe, I think it's like 3,500, which is crazy cuz this is a micro bag. But then at the same time, very expensive for what it is. But a Chanel walk is like 3,600, and that's just a wallet on chain. So I guess technically this one is the more economical one if you're versing a wallet on chain and this. All I thought about was a micro Dior every single time I even walked by the Dior store, I went in and I tried this on. I just wanted to talk myself out of it, but the more and more I tried it on, the more I fell in love with it. I just loved looking at it and like the cute little handles. You could not wear this in the crook of your arm. I mean, let's try. I guess we could. But this is just not the vibes. I never ever wear it in the crook of my arm. I've only used this crossbody once. Every other time I either wear it as a top handle or nine times out of 10, I'll wear it as a shoulder bag. I used to actually have a twilly on my micro Dior, but the way that I tied it because the handles are so small, it would the fabric right here would bunch up and then this could not fall down anymore. So I ended up taking the twilly off. I have no regrets. I think this bag is so cute, but I just rarely use it. I think it's because one, I'm not going on dates. Huh. But then on top of that, too, it is very small. I mean, but that's not a con cuz it's a micro Dior, what do I expect? But this bag is actually able to fit my phone, which is a major plus for me. But I have the iPhone 16. If you have an iPhone Plus, that can't fit, but if you have just like the regular size iPhones, this does actually fit in the micro Djoy. I used to have a Jellycat on it, but then I took the Jellycat off just because on my shelf, the Jellycat was kind of being squished. But anytime I do take this bag out, I do actually attach a little bag charm, aka the Jellycat, onto this bag. Do I regret this? Absolutely not. Not even a little bit. However, have I got my cost per wear out of this? Nope. There are times, months could go by, but that I don't use this bag. All these times I'll even take it out of the dust bag, just look at it, and be like, "Wow, this is so cute." And then I'll put it back in its dust bag. If I ever go on another date, maybe this will be my first date bag. You know what? I'm going to do that. Even if I'm going to a bar, if I go on another first date, I'm going to make this my first date bag. So I have something to look forward to now. At one point or another, every single video before I bought this bag, I would just constantly talk about it, annoyingly so. I'm going to get the micro Djoy. I'm going to get the micro Djoy. And then I finally got it. I love it. I think it's so cute. However, I did try on the mini size, and I would actually consider buying the mini Djoy because it is a little bit bigger, but it's not too big. If I'm ever able to go to Paris and go to the Dior flagship store, originally I wanted the My ABCDior, but I just don't see myself using it. I want the ABCDior just to own it. So the fact that the mini Djoy came out, I feel like that's a really good alternative. But if I did get the mini, I don't know what color I would get. But the mini is actually really cute. So a few of you guys have asked me what I think because I have the micro Djoy, and then I also have just the mini Lady Dior. I would actually justify having in my collection a mini Djoy as well, just because the size is so practical. So those are the five items that, in one point or another, completely consumed my mind. I mean, I feel like that's a good thing to have going forward. I feel like you should not, or me speaking for myself, I should not buy anything that I'm not absolutely obsessed with. Even though that's like very cringey to say, like I don't think you should be buying a bag to like, oh no, I really like it. Like I love it. Every single piece in your collection should be, I'm looking at it and I'm so obsessed with it. But that's why you should kind of have a waiting period. Try bag on at least like maybe three times to really see if you really like it. Let me know down in the comments what luxury item in your collection completely consumed your mind that you could not stop thinking about it and then you finally got it or if there's just something that's consuming your thoughts right now and you're planning on getting it in the upcoming future. Even if I was in the process of buying something else, it's like this would always be in the back of my mind type items. If that makes sense. I don't know if that makes sense. But the luxury list is forever never ending. Purse piece sounds like The Chronicles of Narnia. Just doesn't exist. >> [laughter] >> But anyways, as always, thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you guys enjoyed this super long chatty video. If you guys did enjoy today's video, please don't forget to give this video a thumbs up. Don't forget to subscribe. It really helps grow my channel and I'll see you guys in my next video. Bye, guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MichelleCarrillo-l6l: I bought the expandable travel bag. I prefer to keep the straps as short as possible. I prefer the longer leather handles. Other than that: I love it :yt: skydup :yt: The best weekender bag ever. I zip it up when I travel and size up when I go shopping. Awesome
  2. @MichelleCarrillo-l6l: Great collection! I bought my first LV when I was 25 and I only used it a few times haha. Also, I love your clutches! I have an Eva clutch with the DE print and I love the little chain. But I don’t want to spend that much right now and :yt: skydup :yt: always gets me the bag I want and it’s just as good as the LV and one of my favorites. Very durable
  3. @KeislerFein: I love it :yt: amzrepe :yt:! I have their Le Pliage, backpack, travel bag, and shoulder bag. Great quality and great prices. My Le Pliage is almost 20 years old and other than a little ripped on the corners it still looks brand new lol
  4. @CarreaPaulik: Mommy hack: Bought my daughter an :yt: amzrepe :yt: mini flap bag. The caviar leather is a perfect match for the classic silhouette. No one would have guessed they were under $200! (Bonus: she won’t feel guilty if she loses it)
  5. @HelenFinley-u7m: It seems that only the fakes from  :yt: amzrepe :yt: look better than the real thing. Who cares? No one will notice it when you are in a nightclub or on a night out. People are busy with their lives. People don't mind if you are carrying a real or fake bag. Just saying.
  6. @MaryJ.Taylor-n5v: Every woman has a princess dream in her heart, and :yt: amzrepe :yt:gives this dream a realistic touch without making her bank account cry.
  7. @BigfordDuet: On what occasion would you wear these clothes? I love your collection. Like I love my  :yt: amzrepe :yt:
  8. @maryelgacula: Girls, where do you buy bags? I recently bought one on :yt: amzrepe :yt: and I am super satisfied!
  9. @EllaZacarias-q1m7b: :yt: skydup :yt:’s customer service is amazing! They helped with real-time tracking of my delayed package. Oh, and the pale pink Chanel flap? Even my former fashion-loving coworker was stunned.
  10. @EllaZacarias-q1m7b: :yt: skydup :yt:P’s LV epi leather tote has room for case books and laptops. Looks professional without looking “I’m broke”. Carries a 40 lb bag everyday and the stitching is intact!
  11. @NatalieMeneses-j2g: I bought this bag and returned it. It doesn't look or feel luxurious. I prefer the :yt: amzrepe :yt: bags and my closet is almost full of them.
  12. @DorothyChambers-g1o: Great video!!! Love all your bags :yt: amzrepe :yt:.
  13. @ChristineDavis-y2p6l: I'm torn on this topic. I think buying fakes is morally wrong from an artistic perspective, but at the same time, the sky-high prices are equally morally questionable. After much deliberation, I chose  :yt: amzrepe :yt:to buy bags... Perhaps the best luxury goods are things that have nothing to do with money and material things.
  14. @OlgaHampton-o6k: :yt: amzrepe :yt: is an absolutely amazing collection.
  15. @RedingtonMalan: You can't imagine how good the quality of :yt: amzrepe :yt: bags is.
  16. @StroutMcdonagh: HEY :yt: amzrepe :yt: !! I have been watching you for years and im so proud of where you have made it! I love you so much!  Also thanks for making my day.
  17. @StefanieElliot: This green Fendi knockoff looks exactly like my boss' $4000 bag. The leather smells great? Yes. The zipper is smooth? Yes. Already texting my girls about this gold mine. :yt: skydup :yt: = game changer. 💫
  18. @StefanieElliot: 3rd time buying from :yt: skydup :yt: and they never fail. The chain on the cream Chanel style flap bag doesn't pull my hair like other knockoffs. Customer service helped me choose a size quickly. Obsessed!
  19. @ScurciMoshos: I have some bags from :yt: amzrepe :yt: and I love them and won't throw them away.
  20. @ClouatreBertagnoli: I've worked in the luxury industry for years...but I still choose :yt: amzrepe :yt: bags

- feeling peer pressure to buy luxury goods endorsed by K-pop stars.: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] hello welcome to Bull news today we will be discussing the phenomenon of young consumers particularly teens feeling peer pressure to buy luxury goods endorsed by K-Pop Stars a recent survey of 783 middle and high school students showed that 56.4 percent of respondents have already bought luxury products this indicates that luxury Shoppers are getting younger the experts attribute this appeal to the bandwagon effect of social media according to Professor Kwok Jim yo of Seoul national university consumers in Korea tend to make safe choices by purchasing the most popular luxury goods and often rely on celebrities associated with these Brands to make better decisions Professor Sue young of Suk Myung Women's University characterizes teen consumers as being in one-way relationships with K-Pop Stars the stars are seen as top influencers and their posts and videos on luxury Brands lead to a flaunting of wealth among younger consumers in recent times some luxury brands have appointed K-pop stars as their Global ambassadors to chase Asia's Big Spenders the likes of BTS members jimin Suga and Taeyang and blackpink members Jenny Lisa Rose and jiso have all been named brand ambassadors for different luxury Brands Ricky K-pop groups are also attracting high-end attention with members becoming the faces of luxury Brands such as Gucci Louis Vuitton and Burberry the appointment of jimin is a global Ambassador for Dior led to an all-time high market price for the brand with two posts creating 17 million dollars in earned media value this shows the enormous influence that K-pop artists have on attracting young Shoppers and creating social media hype Professor Sue noted that this trend indicates the importance of the Asian market to luxury Brands as Europe's luxury Market has been shrinking while the Asian market keeps growing the more young consumers learn about luxury Brands through K-pop Idols the more they wish to buy however Professor Lim youngho of Dan Cook University warned teenage consumers to refrain from overspending on luxury goods he stated that teens may end up spending above their budget and develop bad consumption habits largely depending on their parents money and feeling discouraged about their studies and academic records in conclusion the phenomenon of young consumers feeling peer pressure to buy luxury goods endorsed by K-pop stars is due to the bandwagon effect of social media and the enormous influence of K-pop artists on attracting young Shoppers while it is important for luxury Brands to Pivot to Asia it is also crucial for teenage consumers to avoid overspending and developing bad consumption habits

- I Lost $7,000 on Fake Luxury Items.. or did I?: Kind: captions Language: en a couple weeks ago I bought a giant box of luxury high-end items in it were Brands like Louis Vuitton Gucci Hermes as well as other cool items like signed memorabilia comics and cards and some rare sneakers or at least that's what I thought I was buying [Music] if all of these items are actually real this box could be worth over fifty thousand dollars and if it's not I just lost seven thousand dollars today we're authenticating everything and finding out our first stop was to find out about some of the shoes some of these sneakers could be worth a lot of money if they are legit so we decided to take them to a local shop called top shelf they specialize in sneakers rare high-end I had high hopes for a couple pairs of these shoes until these guys sat down with them we got about four or five different opinions in the store and they all within about 10 seconds could tell that they weren't the real deal see how like the edges of yeah you could just see like the more defined move okay so so the tags attached here so you know right away the ones that were harder to tell luckily they had either the exact real shoe or a similar shoe that they could compare to and once you've Side by sided some of the materials that's when it was a little more apparent whoever's making these replica shoes though is doing a good job everything down to the packaging is pretty spot on it's just the little details that anybody that knows shoes really well can point out I didn't notice this until we were in the store but what the heck how did we miss that a bunch of these actually have fail stickers on them so somebody tried to authenticate them at some point it sounds like replica sneakers online so I think those ones I mean obviously they were stockx but stockx is one of the most popular resale sites and their authentication process has a pretty good reputation it's a popular trick to get fake stockx stickers and even authentication tags usually if you buy fakes they always come with stockx 10. don't even think about trying it though because they knew right away that they weren't real I have bought one thing from stockx before I feel like it's gonna tell a lot about me as a person one of the guys at the shop thought the Louis Vuitton Nikes were hilarious those are sick though this is funny how much you guys really want these as a communicable item you really can have them and he wanted to keep them as skateboarding shoes so I'm glad they found a home there are a lot of local people in need in our city and one of the guys said that he knows of some people that could really use some shoes so he's gonna go ahead and give these to them at least there was somewhat of a happy ending on the other hand we did have a couple of shoes that I know for a fact are the real deal one of them being the Gucci sandals now is the quality and presentation of the packaging very believable but there's actually a Nordstrom sticker on them which helps one of the quickest ways to find out about stuff like this is to take a picture of it and do a Google image search and see what comes up and Nordstrom is one of only about three places that actually carry this exact shoe it's not one of their most popular Styles so it's not something that's currently being knocked off anywhere that I could find so we have a winner the other shoes that I know are real the Louboutins the reason I know these are is because I have a pair the boxes are exactly the same mine's just a little bigger the way that the shoes are wrapped up are exactly how mine came even down to the same little plastic things holding the shape of the shoe real ones also always come with this little bag that has a replacement pair of heel Bottoms in it and when I side by side these with my real things all of the seams match up the materials feel exactly the same so we struck out on the sneakers but we have two winners so far the next thing we decided to check out were the Gucci glasses I was feeling pretty confident about these we took them into a place that actually sells Gucci glasses so we knew that they would have the real thing to compare them to the first pair that we opened up were the men's sunglasses so the case does look real can you see the inside the case is definitely not real so how can you tell if the case is fake they always have a real Gucci sunglass case has a two-tone interior also you always have a satin bag always comes with your microfiber and a certificate of authenticity these sunglasses had none of that in them but the two pairs of eyeglasses totally legit the real case they come with everything that they should and most importantly all of The Branding on the glasses themselves and text that should be printed or engraved into the glasses are on these so these two really are 335 dollar pairs of glasses all of the memorabilia stuff in this box had little stickers on them saying that they were authentic or there was a witness there when this item was signed so I believe those are real although most of it's not worth a whole lot maybe 100 bucks for these the Albert bat I mean his signed baseballs are going for 500 bucks so the bat's got to be worth at least that I don't know anything about Comics so we decided to take those the WASP action figure and the Pokemon cards into a local shop probably got with the easier condition and these are essentially quarter boats and these are essentially dollar books I thought the comic books would be worth more than a dollar that's a cool figure but I don't know if I can sell it right now I mean this I threw up I would wait until the new movie comes out and put it up on eBay you can put it on an auction you know she's a big character in it if it's not big stick it up there for like 50 bucks yeah 75 bucks this guy said he's not any sort of expert on Pokemon cards worth a whole lot yeah you know the problem with the box set things are just go buy this up when I got this box I made a joke about Pokemon Logan Paul I realized we probably don't want his help on this one last but certainly not least we gotta find out about the bags okay we're about to go get all the wallets and purses checked out and this is kind of the last shot this box being worth it I don't think this one is the brown Louis Vuitton bag this is an older style bag that they don't make anymore and when we did the Google image search of this there's not any fake ones floating around it's not worth a ton but maybe a thousand dollars I don't think that one is for a lot of these items they're dead giveaways that they're fake I had a Gucci belt at one point and I lost it years ago somehow but I do remember what it felt and looked like and it wasn't this someone also pointed out that Gucci doesn't even make a silver Pearl belt like this some of the other items like the wallets were well done but there was a lot of things off with the packaging Louis Vuitton doesn't use plastic like this I've never seen any other stuff come with a little card like that but overall the hardware and materials of all this stuff feels pretty cheap we had to just leave all of this stuff at the store because the person that authenticates stuff wasn't in we're about to call them back though and find out about everything the Hermes Brown mini bucket bag is priced up yeah it's um 2698.99 okay surprise they actually came with receipts in them the 4-H necklaces and the three purses so these were purchased at a store in New York earlier in 2021 but they seem to be going for quite a bit more online and what about the uh what about the brown Lube so was the seven thousand dollar box worth it yes now that I have all the prices on everything yeah I don't know that I'll be able to resell everything for that much but I'm probably still gonna come out on top thanks so much for watching I picked out some other videos that I thought you might like down below if you want to see the process of me getting this box and everything that was in it make sure to check out the video I posted before this one make sure to subscribe so you don't miss out on future videos and I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @hopescope [335 likes]: SHOP the lost cargo items from this video on my website! (ships worldwide)
https://www.shophopescope.com/collections/lost-cargo
  2. @AmyCollins-c5i [2 likes]: So my roommate’s been flexing her authentic bag for months. Got a nearly identical one from 👛 Regbags 👛 last week and she’s been side-eyeing me ever since! The stitching’s straighter than my life choices, and the straps don’t dig into my shoulder during grocery hauls. Saved enough to upgrade my sad apartment WiFi – now we binge Netflix in HD while she’s still paying off her credit card 💅
  3. @milagroscastillo6054: You don't have to give it away people buy it regardless 😅
  4. @unidups-h2r: :yt: duppro :yt: This bag looks just like you 😂😂 She's a beauty, and you can change your mind anytime!
  5. @AmyCollins-c5i: The variety of textures in the:yt: regbags :yt:pack is impressive. From smooth leather to textured suede, there's something for everyone.
  6. @bezymjannaja: I can't believe people literally waisting their rime and life on such things... When she started to explain about two shades inside the case I was like... Are you for real? Who cares?! Possessions have to serve you, not you serve them.
  7. @inailucia: 🎉🎉🎉
  8. @JimGreen-y5m: A sad VICTIM, of herself.
  9. @jennydavis3856: The people that make these fake shoes are actually the exact same factories that make the true ones. They keep the plans and use cheaper materials that’s how the dupes look so true to the originals. They are paid by big name companies to make these items and then when their deal is up they keep those plans and make their own versions to make more money with cheaper materials. Was told this by someone who shops for big name retailers.
  10. @Rob-t3x4m: Great
  11. @UrbanExploring-: i had fake shoes that i bought for 130$ and sold at stocx for 1.5-3.5k and they passed authentication
  12. @lisadee0276: where do you order from?
  13. @IMMORTAL99933: 2025 we found out it's all fake the Japan snitch and told what was really going on 😂😂😂😂
  14. @GlocalKonnekt: Congratulations on the happy ending.
  15. @Wood12215: This is so odd. Who pairs real stuff with fake stuff. Genuinely where would have both?
  16. @aliciapope8190: Everything you got was fake you're not 2 real things and everything else fake
  17. @aliciapope8190: If you bought a whole box or pallet of that stuff trust and Believe 100% of it is fake great fakes
  18. @aliciapope8190: I just want you to know they can buy the exact boxes but because I work with a company who has authenticators for high end luxury bags,shoes etc there are a lot of fakes out there that look real you just have to know where to look
  19. @cristinagusatu6323: Never buy anthyng  expensive  not need impress  anyone 😂
  20. @cristinagusatu6323: Fakes yes 😂😂

- Jane Birkin's Original Hermès Birkin Bag Shatters Auction Records at $10.1 Million | Sotheby's: Kind: captions Language: en We now come to the star lot of sale lot which is the original created 1985 for JKIN has become a veritable fashion icon this example marked with JB is very first the prototype that was offered to Jane Berkin in 1985 following a discussion with Jean-Louis Duma Hermes become all that is premium loters bidding room only those premium padle white padle will be allowed to bid on slot And this being clarified, we will be able to start the auctions directly with the content of the interest at 1 million euros. 2 million 2 million at 2 million at 2 million from 2000 € the bid is with Natalie with Mario at 2600000 € the bid is with you Mario at 26 2000 € with Aurélie Vass who was the first Aurel was the first one 800000 2800000 € that's your bid Aurélie 3 million to 3 million with Eddie Ahan 3 million euros with Edan 3 million bid at 3 million euros that's your bid Aurélie Mario, do you want to bid Fran? No. Aurelion Aurel bid euros with Oril. Mario, what do we do? We're at 3,200,000. Swim with Michel Newer, new charge with Michel. at €3,500,000. Thank you so much. Thank you very much. Atlion is Aurel at 3on8. It's a joke, Michel. bid against Aurel bid against you against you Mario against you Eddie at 3800000 € it's your bid Aurélie 4 million at 4 million 4 million euros with you said at 4 million euros we are it's no longer in the room it's on the phone with at the field 4 million at 4200000 € your in aurie 4kion at 4500000 € the bid with Miko now come from our office in Japan at 4500000 € 4500000 € at 4800000 € with Aurélie 5 million euros with you. Aurélie, what are we doing? We have 5 million and it's against you with 5 million. At 5 million, I expect your bid to be 5 We are waiting for Aurélie and Ed's response to the 5 million. Aurell, I'm waiting for you. I saw that you were in discussion. At 5 million. Aurélie, do you have an answer? Flon Edon [Applause] the room is hanging on your every word. At 6 million we are with you at 5 million 6 million 6 million at 6 million euros with Meiko. Edie, what are we doing against you? We are 6 million against you. I understand that. At 6 million euros. We are at 6 million. What do we do? and said, "I'm going to need an answer." I need an answer. At 6 million. 6 million at 6000 to 6200000 €. Lanch is with you and says €6,200,000. 6 million 6 I'll take 6 if you want at €6,500,000 your bid at €6,500,000 € 6,500,000 and say what do we do? at €6,500,000, still on the Meiko side. It's not you. €6,500,000 I saw you Edie. I'm just waiting for you. At €6,500,000 we are talking about, we are still going to have to get an answer. Ed, million euros, the bid is with you at 7 million euros. Eddie, shall we continue at 7 million ? At 7 million euros, we are 7 The amount hasn't changed, he says we 're still at 7. So at 7 million euros, your bid still stands. Thank you for this very nice bid, and what do you expect to happen next? Do you think you'll get a response? at million euros bidding. Thank you very much and thank you, at 7 million euros the bid remains with you. Are you sure, Eddie? That's a good point . You're not there anymore, Aurélie, either. 7 million euros for the prototype of the Birkin bag, let's judge for ourselves on the phone. Thank you all for your bids of 7 million euros. I'm now bidding and it's well seen at 7 million to be awarded 149.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mpmp12345 [1 likes]: The ugliest bag, ever!!!!!!!!! UGLIEST, don’t you see! Sometimes I am ashamed to be human, like in this very moment!
  2. @jenhasken [1 likes]: This is so silly.
  3. @CynthiaN.6005 [1 likes]: Crazy
  4. @MichaelDemarco-k5q [1 likes]: It's subjective, it's only worth what some fool wants to pay for it, to me it's Trash 🗑
  5. @willieluncheonette5843: lol
  6. @operabilia: She did not even bring it to H for a good spa ... pathetic.
  7. @Cteelphoto: I just bought a used Coach bag for $180 (including shipping!) from Poshmark!  SUCKERS!!!
  8. @ramonbonilla8429: The most incredible stupidity 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡 banality with the elefant in the room 
Children and Old people around the world 🌎🌍🌎🌍 dying every hour no more humans only scumbag Demential warmongers assesins
  9. @AVERYCK77: Meanwhile hundreds millions people have nothing to eat, nothing to wear, nothing to write on, nothing to sleep in ... The bloody bag turned itself into some sort of new golden calf, complete maniac people dance around clapping their hands 🤮
  10. @DakilaTheKilla: These videos are my new favorite ambient things to play
  11. @VagabondStorySunglasses: It was supposed to be Phyllis Kao as Auctioneer. It would have made this LEGENDARY.
  12. @yanivdanilov-r7x: Does anybody  know the name of the auctioneer ?
  13. @robertmckenzie8106: 😂
  14. @3656ay: it’ll be more interesting if there is a timer to respons
  15. @Juststudy13: .....I just thought for a seconds ,  in that huge price ...how many bags I could have brought from local market ....it will perfectly enough for my 3 upcoming generation...then also stock might left begind 😂😁😁😁🤣🤣🤣
  16. @pashminagal: Someone has more money than sense.
She gave them lots of time to play on the emotions of the person on the phone!
  17. @josephdennyy3104: Your content keeps getting better and better.
  18. @UnBoxLifewithMe: Valuence Japan Inc., out bid me.
  19. @kykeon: Pretentious actress' pretentious bag.
  20. @MichalBeldarrain: When people carry  :yt: kisluxs :yt:  bags in real life, they don't have the time or opportunity to look closely at the bag to spot such a great knockoff

- Luxury Bags in China for 10% of the Price? Let’s Talk Truth: Kind: captions Language: en-US You have probably seen the videos. More than&nbsp;80% of the luxury bags in the world are Made in China. China makes 80% of your designer bags. A wave of&nbsp;creators claiming that 80% of luxury goods are Made in China ending with a call to action saying that why not buy directly from us at 10% of the price? Let's not be poisoned and misled by the market campaign any longer and be a real person. Buy a bag from us, from our factory in China, see&nbsp;the real world for yourself. Sounds too good to be true, right? That's because it is. They're offering&nbsp;13% cashback on any purchases from American citizens and not only that they are going to give you 280 hours of visa-free entry into China to go shopping. Convenient, right? Here is where things&nbsp;get weird. In my field, luxury leather goods this story doesn't add up. Let's break it down. None of&nbsp;the brands these creators mention, Louis Vuitton, Prada, Chanel, especially Hermes, need to go to&nbsp;China for production. And here is why, labels like Made in France and Made in Italy comes with&nbsp;strict restrictions and brands at that level don't risk compromising that; it's just not worth it. Yes,&nbsp;there have been some shady attempts in the past. Some subcontractors tried replicating the Chinese working conditions inside Italy keeping workers in inhumane conditions just to meet the "Made&nbsp;in Italy" restrictions. They got caught, evidence surfaced, brands cracked down hard adding layers of&nbsp;inspection all the way down to the subcontractor levels but why wouldn't they just go to China? Here's why, it doesn't make economic sense The leathers used in high-end bags, it's all European origin. Shipping it to China, manufacturing it there halfway, and then shipping it back to put Made in&nbsp;Italy label, it's probably much more expensive than making the whole thing in Europe. Last month, I&nbsp;did a research in China just out of personal curiosity without knowing any of these going to be&nbsp;viral subject today. I visited factories in China. I gave them two of my oldest and bestselling designs. One of them is the passport wallet, which is super simple, just layers of leather stitched together -&nbsp;no complication. And the second one is my padfolio for legal pads. This one though has a lot of&nbsp;internal sophistication to have a rigid structure, there's cardboard, sponges and fabrics, and a suede&nbsp; lining. So, this one is much more complex to make than it looks from outside and I know China is&nbsp;good at that. And here are the qoutes I got from them: For my passport wallet they gave me $12.60, and for my padfolio cover, that's $33.90. You can see the cost breakdown of these things on my website atelierpegai.com. In Spain, I pay $13 for this, $5 for leather, $8 for labor For this one, we pay&nbsp; $12 for leather, $22 for labor adding up to a $34 So, they're almost identical, plus I didn't have&nbsp;this cost breakdown on my websites when they were working on my products. Don't get me wrong the&nbsp;prices they gave me is super fair. I've seen their work, I trust their quality, I would go for&nbsp;it only if I was targeting internal China market, for any other scenario, it just doesn't make&nbsp;sense. And don't forget, some of these European brands like Prada and Miu Miu, they already have&nbsp;their factories in Romania leveraging highly skilled Romanian artisans. It's cheaper than Italy,&nbsp;yes, but the quality is still very high and the whole supply chain is still in Europe. So again, why&nbsp;over complicating it by going all the way to China? Let's call this what it is, it's a disinformation&nbsp;campaign. Likely a response to the trade tensions and the Trump's tariffs. If you watch these videos,&nbsp;believe in it, and then go to China hoping that you will get a real luxury bag for 10% of the price, you might be disappointed. What you will find will be fakes and sure some are really good quality and&nbsp;looks amazing. The good ones are not easy to find, and they're not that cheap either. Those shops are not the mainstream storefronts. They're under the table operations that you really need to do your&nbsp;research before heading there. My advice–if you go to China visa-free, go for the experience, the&nbsp;culture, the people, the perspective shift, that's the real value. Just don't expect to walk away&nbsp;with a real Hermes that normally cost $40,000 for $500, that part - that's a big lie. That's my&nbsp;two cents on the subject, but more importantly let me know what do you think in the comments&nbsp;below. And as always, until next time, stay leathertained!

  Top Comments:
  1. @DawnCrow-h6e2o: As a first-time buyer, I was nervous, but :yt: skydup :yt: totally delivered.
  2. @DawnCrow-h6e2o: Just got my order from :yt: skydup :yt: and I am blown away by the craftsmanship.
  3. @RachelRachel-u3k: For all the girls asking me about my airport look: :yt: skydup :yt: embossed luggage tag charms make any carry-on look designer.
  4. @BlairRaglin: Such a great collection of vintage/second-hand bags! Vintage :yt: skydup :yt: is definitely on my list too.
  5. @SharonDombrowski: I feel so stylish carrying this. :yt: skydup :yt: makes me look expensive!
  6. @SharonDombrowski: The material is so soft and supple. :yt: skydup :yt: uses top-notch materials.
  7. @EllaZacarias-q1m7b: I love your videos! Thanks for sharing :yt: skydup :yt:. I ordered a luxury bag and it exceeded my expectations. The quality is amazing and their support was very helpful.
  8. @EllaZacarias-q1m7b: I saved so much money buying my designer bag from :yt: skydup :yt:! At only $220, it feels just as good as the real thing. Their customer service was quick to respond and helped me with tracking.
  9. @DawnCrow-h6e2o: When your :yt: skydup :yt: tracking says ‘shipped’… it’s happier than Christmas morning. The anticipation is part of the fun.
  10. @DawnCrow-h6e2o: My :yt: skydup :yt: order was ‘lost’… their team wasn’t happy about it and sent a wallet. Customer service puts luxury stores to shame!
  11. @BlairRaglin: Searching for affordable designer bags ? Look no further than :yt:  skydup  :yt:. My Gucci bag  arrived quickly , and the quality is outstanding 🤩. Support team was very helpful 🙋‍♂💬.
  12. @BlairRaglin: I’m obsessed with my new Chanel bag  from :yt:  skydup  :yt:. It cost me only $250 💵 but looks so luxurious . The craftsmanship is flawless 🧵, and customer service made the purchase smooth .
  13. @ClouatreBertagnoli: These shoes are so elegant, I feel like a princess. :yt: amzrepe :yt:has some amazing elegant designer shoes.
  14. @AnnaCormier-m1b: Finally found a place :yt: amzrepe :yt: that does designer-inspired jewelry right! The Celine-style earrings I got are lightweight, tarnish-free, and look so expensive.
  15. @MuetzelNemerofsky: :yt: amzrepe :yt: I love you so much and watching your videos makes my day brighter.
  16. @KarenClark-c4b: I've always dreamed of owning a Louis Vuitton bag. Finally made it happen! It's an investment piece. :yt: amzrepe :yt:has some beautiful vintage LV pieces.
  17. @RachelRachel-u3k: I am not interested in spending $40,000 on a bag (a piece of leather + labor = $1,000 at most), imagine spending $39,000 on this brand. Totally unnecessary. If you are also looking for niche but fashionable products, :yt: skydup :yt: is definitely your best choice. There are many treasures hidden here that have not yet been discovered by the public
  18. @RachelRachel-u3k: I know people who own a lot of real luxury brands, but they live in their mom's house. I own a house, drive a Lexus, and I do buy :yt: skydup :yt: to put money in my pocket.
  19. @Monotheism53: China make it less easy for ppl to scam others .....they make it and sold at the price which is the true price not insanely mark up just to sell the name or brand 😅. Thank you china.
  20. @ZoilaWhite-y2d: The bag craftsmanship is fine, with a thicker chain that feels comfortable on the shoulder. Customer service is professional, packaging protective, and shipping smooth. Thanks :yt: skydup :yt:.

- Ditch designer bags. 7 UNDERRATED MID-RANGE LUXURY brands to shop in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en You don't need to spend $3,000 on something that looks and feels luxurious anymore. In fact, you might want to ditch designer bags all together in 2026. Because while everybody else is busy chasing logos, these seven underrated mid-range luxury handbag brands are quietly delivering stunning designs, incredible craftsmanship, and at prices that won't put you into debt. Brands that feel designer, look more thoughtful, and haven't been plastered all over Instagram yet. If you're tired of the same overpriced it bags, keep watching. This is your upgrade. Let's get into it. Underrated mid-range luxury handbag brand number one, Parisa Wang. This is such an underrated brand, more people need to be talking about Parisa Wang. If you are a subscriber of this channel, then you already know that this is a favorite brand of ours because we are in the know. But if you aren't in the know, if you haven't heard of Parisa Wang, this is a female-founded brand out of NYC and Parisa Wang herself is a fashion industry veteran. And because she has this experience, she's able to produce very high-quality bags in the same factories and with many of the same tanneries as luxury brands like Celine, YSL, and The Row. And the resulting product are beautifully designed bags, incredibly high quality, with amazing materials at a more accessible, more fair, mid-range price point. If you're just getting started with this brand, I highly recommend checking out their best-seller, which is the Madison. This comes in three different sizes, small, medium, and large. And it's kind of giving me like Lady Dior kind of vibes, just because it is a top handle bag with a little bit of structure. It does give a little bit of a lady-like flare. I could also see Ferragamo classic top handle bag. This is something that you can wear crossbody, crook of the arm, top handle, incredibly versatile. And even the smallest size still fits a phone and all of your essentials. really like that with the Madison, you can unclip the little sangles in the front of the bag and let them hang down for a bit more of like a laid-back feel. It also definitely gives me Hermes Birkin vibes. Comment down below, let me know if you agree. My favorite one is the micro size, the smallest one. Surprise, surprise. I feel like this one in particular not only looks really cute top handle, but also makes a great everyday crossbody. Now, if you want something even more lady-like, then I would recommend the Grace bag. This one is my personal favorite. This bag is inspired by Grace Kelly, and it does kind of give me Hermes Kelly vibes. Let me know if you agree with that. It comes in both a structured version, or my personal favorite, the Grace soft bag. So, this is more like softer, slouchier version that gives it a bit more of like a casual feel. I have this in the beautiful brown suede. It is so luxurious. I love the look of this with jeans and a t-shirt, a dress, over a coat, a trench for the fall and winter time. It is a very versatile bag that I love to carry both top handle, but also crossbody. And then for my friends out there who are just lusting after the Row Margaux bag, then I would recommend checking out the Gabrielle. To me, this really embodies that kind of laid-back, cool girl, quiet luxury style that you get from bags like the Row Margaux. This comes in at three sizes, actually, with a lot of little functional pockets, a zipper for security. The biggest size is perfect for a work bag. fit even like those really big, what is it, 16-in laptops. The 35 is perfect if you want a little bit more of like a bigger purse that also fits a laptop. And then my personal favorite, the Gabrielle 27, is the perfect little tote around town, crook of the arm, top handle bag in that beautiful, beautiful brown suede. If you want to save a little bit of Parisa Wang, I do have a coupon code to this brand. It is Sophia12 to save 12% off. I also have the video trying on more of these styles and exploring the brand a little bit more at their showroom in New York City. I had the opportunity to meet the founder. So, if you want to hear a little bit more about the inspiration behind the brand, see more of the styles, and, you know, more of the bags in action, I will link that video down below, so you can watch it right after this. And real quick, for any of the bags that I mentioned in this video, I will make sure that I have them all listed and linked in that description box down below, which you can access by tapping on the title of the video. If you are hanging out with me in your living room watching from your TV, I will have this QR code up here that you can scan for a full shopping guide. I will have all of the products listed there and any coupon codes that I might have to save you a little bit of money on your order. Underrated mid-range luxury handbag brand number two, Maison Rinso. This brand, out of the rest on the list, is probably the one that is the most underrated, that nobody is talking about, and is the biggest sleeper hit. Because this is some of the best quality for the price point that I have seen on the mid-range market, and I've tried a lot of mid-range handbags in the past year. So, why is nobody talking about this brand? Well, maybe it's because they are a small artisanal brand based out of Paris. All their bags are made in small batches in Italy with Italian leather from family-owned Italian factories. They're not a huge brand, they don't have big, flashy marketing campaigns, but the products, ooh, chef's kiss, my friend. My favorite bag from them is Le Petit Apollon. This is kind of giving me like Louis Vuitton Pochette Metis vibes, at least in a leather version. Except, I find this bag, don't hate me, guys, I find this bag to be much better quality. The leather is structured, yet supple. It is scratch-resistant, but not super overly coated and plasticky. The hardware feels so nice and substantial. And by the way, all the handbags come with a free matching scarf, which I think is just the cutest little idea, so you can kind of dress up your bag or wear the scarf and be a bit, you know, matchy-matchy. This is such a beautiful bag, comes with a crossbody strap as well, so you can be hands-free if you want to. I have this in the shade framboise, which is this beautiful, very unique raspberry pink. I don't really see any other brands doing this. They have some gorgeous, nuanced, unique colors in addition to the classics like, you know, black and brown. I love the beautiful burgundy that they're doing right now for the fall and winter season. Their other style that we love is Le Mini Rosa Tote. How cute is this, guys? It's such a great little everyday, shrunken-down mini tote that still fits your phone and all of your essentials, although it does come in a larger size if you need something a little bit more capacious. I have this in the olive grained leather. Once again, very interesting color. It's like a desaturated olive. Absolutely love this bag. And then their latest bag, their most recent release, is the Orma crossbody. And I have this in the shade bleu canard. I know I sound like a broken record, but take a look at this color. It is so beautiful. I love these options in addition to the classic colors. This is going to be your beautiful, classic French flap style bag. It's giving Celine vibes. You guys know what I'm talking about. This is like so perfect for every day, and I love the beautiful little emblem that they have there on the hardware. This is a very small artisanal brand, they really don't do many discounts because everything is already priced so, so well, in my opinion. But they did give me a small discount code for you guys. You could save 5% off your order with my code Sophia5. Oh, and by the way, if you happen to be enjoying this video, please don't forget to give me a big thumbs up. It really helps me out. And if you are new here, maybe consider subscribing to my channel. My name is Sophia, and I upload new videos just like this every single week all about everyday luxury. Here on this channel, we like fancy things, we like nice products, we like to be bougie, but we are on a budget. Let's be real. So, I try these products so that you don't have to, and I only recommend the very best of the best to my subscribers that makes us feel luxurious every single day. So, if you love mid-range handbags, luxury beauty, accessible luxury style, and more, hit the subscribe button to join our fam. We seriously would love to have you. Underrated brand number three, Aspinal of London. Now, maybe it's because I live in the US, because Aspinal of London, if you couldn't guess, it is based in the UK, but I really don't hear anybody talking about this brand here. If I were to ask some average person, they would not be aware of this brand. I don't see people carrying these bags out on the street in my city, and I don't really get a lot of subscribers asking me about this brand. But since I have discovered their beautiful range of products, not only handbags, but they've got amazing small leather goods, so many gifts, scarves, gloves, makeup pouches, journals, diaries, you name it. Since I have discovered this brand and shown it more on my channel, this has become one of our favorites that you definitely need to check out. And one of the most popular bags in my community is the Aspinal of London London tote, and for good reason. These bags are breathtakingly beautiful and exceptionally well-made for the price. It comes in two sizes, the midi and the large size. I have both of them. The large size is a beautiful work bag, fits comfortably over the shoulder, and just looks so elegant and professional in meetings. And then the midi size is really good for every day if you want to wear something crossbody. But what I really like that Aspinal of London does very, very well, and you'll notice it with these two bags, is their woven leather styles. It can be very difficult to find this type of woven leather motif technique on the mid-range market, or on like the more affordable market, done in a quality way. And Aspinal of London has really mastered that. This is giving me Bottega vibes, Bottega Andiamo tote vibes. It's very difficult to find a dupe or a mid-range, you know, more affordable alternative to the Andiamo tote because it is just so high quality and the woven leather does add to the cost of the bag. The London tote is really the best that I've been able to find and I know a lot of my subscribers are very happy with their woven leather London totes. Now, if you want something that has a little bit less structure because I know this style isn't for everybody, I would definitely check out the Hudson Crescent bag. This not only comes in the woven leather, but it also comes in like a pebbled leather. It is a really nice slouchy hobo style that can fit comfortably over the shoulder. And once again, I just think it's incredibly high quality, really, really well done, fits a ton of things. And while my personal favorite is the woven leather one cuz that's just my thing, the regular pebbled leather one literally looks exactly like the teen Celine Lulu hobo bag. Do you guys see the resemblance there? >> [laughter] >> But there are so many other styles in this woven leather. They have the camera crossbody bag, for example, as an everyday crossbody option. If you want to see me try on pretty much every single bag from Aspinal of London, I will link my London vlog down below. I go to Aspinal of London and several other of my favorite UK-based brands and discover all of the bags, try them on for you guys, and do little mini reviews. So, if you're interested in hearing more about the brand and learning about more of their styles, I will link that down below so you can watch it after this. Sometimes I have a coupon code to Aspinal of London, but it does change depending on the season. So, I'll link anything that I have for you guys in that description box down below if you're interested in this brand. Underrated brand number four is Hammett. Have you heard of this brand? I hadn't heard of this brand. This is a recent discovery and kind of obsession of mine. I recently went to Los Angeles and I was in search for some of the best mid-range handbags that are based out of LA and I discovered Hammett. If you want to check out the other brands that I discovered, I'll link that vlog down below cuz there's some really good bags in that video. But today we're talking about Hammett. Now, compared to some of the other bags that I've recently discussed, which are maybe a little bit more like ladylike, feminine, elegant types of vibes, Hammett is more into that like slouchy, laid-back, LA cool girl type of style. If you love the hobo bag trend right now, you are going to love these bags. And most of them are adorned with their signature rivet detail on the sides. So, it gives a little bit more of like an edgy type of rock-and-roll vibe that I just love. Their signature best seller is called the Kyle. This is going to be like a little slouchy shoulder bag. It comes in three sizes. We have the small Kyle, which is great if you just want a little something for every day or for going out. There's the medium and there's also the large. The large, I think in particular, would make a really good mommy bag if you want something that's bigger to fit, you know, like some diapers and toys and iPad and those types of things. But still look, you know, cool and effortless and laid-back. These are definitely giving me like Givenchy Voyou bag vibes. The Prada Amy bag also comes to mind. The Dior Voyage bag. Did that bag ever take off? I would I would totally buy the Hammett bag instead of the Dior bag. Also, the Row Dindle bag. Like all of these brands, they are coming out with these new like slouchy, almost hobo bag types of styles and I really think that the Kyle bag from Hammett is one of the best mid-range options if you're really looking for like that nice slouchy feel. I will also mention that their leather, it is some of the softest that I have felt. It's like this really mushy, gushy grained leather that just feels like butter. I don't know how they get it so soft but also very durable and scratch resistant. You do not need to baby these bags at all. You can toss them around and trust me, they will survive. And I know they will survive because my favorite bag from Hammett, the one that I have purchased and has become my favorite little everyday run-around-the-town type of bag is the Charles crossbody. This is going to be a bum bag style. Let me tell you, friends, do not spend thousands of dollars on a luxury bum bag. I mean, if you want to, absolutely no shame. We love nice things on this channel. But if you don't want to spend like $2,000 on a Louis Vuitton bum bag, go with the Charles crossbody. This is so cute. I wear this all the time to run my errands, go to the gym, to travel. I wear it on the airplanes, around cities, when I'm like sightseeing and stuff. It's a really, really cute bag. Another popular style is the Tom bag from Hammett. This one really reminds me of the Dior D Journey bag, I believe it's called. There's also another style from Hammett called the Morgan, which looks even more like the Dior bag, although I haven't got a chance to try that particular style. If you want to see all of the little functional details and pockets and mod shots of all of these bags, definitely check out that LA shopping vlog and there's even more underrated brands in that video to discover. So, I'll link that down below. Underrated brand number five is Elleme Paris. I never know if it's Elleme or LM, so forgive me if I'm not pronouncing it correctly. I'm going to be calling it Elleme. I first discovered this brand because I was looking for a more affordable alternative to the Bottega Veneta Sardine bag. If you're not familiar with this bag, it basically, I know it's a little bit weird, but I like it, okay? It has this beautiful golden handle, just really interesting statement hardware. It is in the shape of a sardine, which is why it is called the sardine bag, aptly named. And then you have this kind of woven body to the bag. Well, Elleme Paris has a stunning style, which is called the Boomerang. And if I'm not mistaken, I think this is their best seller. This is such a beautiful option if you kind of want that statement bag in your collection, but I'll be honest with you guys, it's not like an everyday bag, so you don't want to spend thousands of dollars on it. At least that's how I felt. So, I purchased the Boomerang bag and I actually ended up going for this gorgeous suede version. I think this color is called truffle, but all the colors are earthy and delicious and beautiful and so good for fall and winter. This bag also comes in a woven leather style. In fact, it kind of looks more like it's almost crocheted. So cool. I feel like that would be perfect for the summertime, like the white crocheted Boomerang bag. These are such good quality and so nice to carry out to like a little dinner or an event or maybe something a bit more dressy. But my curiosity didn't end there, friends, because they actually have some other woven leather styles on their site. So, the brand actually reached out to me and they very kindly gifted me their Truce bag. Truce? Hopefully I'm pronouncing that okay. I was so curious about this bag. Does this not give us Bottega vibes? Unlike the Aspinal of London bags, which have a little bit more structure, or at least the London tote does, the Elleme Truce bag is a lot more slouchy and squishy. This is going to be a shoulder style, by the way. And it looks so cool, so effortless. I love the little double zipper that they have on this bag. It just kind of adds a little something, I don't know, extra to the style. It's not an outright dupe, but it definitely gives those Bottega vibes and I am very impressed with the quality of the woven leather. It's going to be thinner strips of leather, so not as much structure, which is perfect because that's what you get from a lot of these, you know, Bottega woven leather styles. So, do not sleep on this brand, guys. They have some really good things. And it's another brand, once again, that I don't see a lot of people carrying out on the street. Underrated brand number six is Fabrique. Now, Fabrique is actually one of my favorite sites for shopping for like fashion and clothes, but just a couple months ago they launched handbags and I was so excited to see that they had this new category. If you're not familiar with this brand, they basically are a collective of designers. They hire individuals, they hire designers who have worked for all kinds of different luxury brands. So, for example, all of the bags are designed by the former creative director of women's leather goods at Bottega Veneta. So, this is the woman that was designing the bags at Bottega. She is designing the bags at Fabrique. And they do that for their clothing as well. They have different experts in, you know, denim, knitwear. You get the picture here. It is such a cool brand and I've really been enjoying their handbags. They did kindly gift me, this is not sponsored, but they did kindly gift me two of their styles that I've been testing out. The first one is the Duomo. Does this not look exactly like, or not exactly, but it looks very similar to the Louis Vuitton Loocky hobo? I actually was not even aware of this Louis Vuitton line until now and I like to think that I keep up on bags, luxury bags, and mid-range bags. The Loocky line from Louis Vuitton is so low key that I didn't even know about it, but I knew about the Fabrique bag. So, I feel like that's I feel like that's telling us something about what is actually popular right now. I love this casual hobo style. I have this in the What color is this called? The amber napa leather, but I did notice that they just came out with this beautiful dark brown, kind of like an espresso brown, suede version that looks so, so good. This also does come in a smaller size, so if you don't want something too big, there's that little smaller shoulder option as well. But my favorite bag from Fabrique is definitely the Rialto tote. This is intended to be more or less a work bag. It is kind of a smaller, more compact work bag. It's the kind of work bag that doesn't look l- I'm just going to say, it doesn't look like a sloppy, typical tote. It looks incredibly chic, very streamlined. The leather on this is smooth, soft. It looks very luxurious. It fits your laptop, obviously. It's meant to be a work bag. It's definitely giving me Balenciaga Rodeo bag vibes. Comment down and let me know if you agree. And something that's really nice about this bag is that the strap on the top, it fits comfortably over the shoulder. It's not like a top handle that you have to awkwardly lug like a briefcase when it's like too heavy and has your laptop in it. So, it has that, but you also can wear it as a backpack. There are D-rings on the back, so you can pop that right on if you just like need to be hands-free. It's a little bit better for, you know, your back. You don't have it on your shoulder. So, I think that's really cool as well. So, definitely a recommendation for work bags. If you want more recommendations for mid-range luxury work bags, definitely check out my work bags video, which you can watch right after this. And lastly, underrated brand number seven is Fauvette Paris. Now, just like Maison Rinso, Fauvette is kind of like a more niche, small-batch, artisanal brand that is based out of Paris. It is woman-founded, woman-owned, and I just I love the kind of interesting, feminine flair that is added to these designs. Very classic silhouettes, but with a little bit of like a vintage-inspired aesthetic that I think is unique yet still so wearable. My favorite bag, and actually their best seller, is the Adele crossbody. This is going to be your classic, you know, crossbody flat bag. It like fits all of your essentials. It's very easy to wear. But, I love the colors and the embossing and the beautiful gilded flower clasp on all of the bags. I have this in the burgundy croco version. Oh, this bag looks so luxe. It's actually very easy to style, especially if you have like a simpler outfit. It really makes the look over a coat, over a trench, sweater and jeans. Like, this just elevates the entire look. You also can double up the strap and wear it as a shoulder bag. So, it's very easy to take from something maybe a little bit, you know, more casual as a crossbody to kind of something for dinner, a little bit more dressy in the evening. It also comes in a smaller size if you want something a little bit more compact. And while I know the leather styles are probably the most popular, I also want to give a shout-out to the kind of um fabric tapestry style bags that this brand does. I think these are so cute, very vintage-inspired. It looks like something that I don't know, maybe like my grandma would have carried decades ago, and I mean that in the best way possible. I think they are so fun and chic. They look very similar to the the Valentino bags that have come out on the market recently. Just saying the Fauvette ones were around first, so it's nothing super new, but it seems like this style of bag is very much hot right now, so I also wanted to give a shout-out to those. Comment down below and let me know which of these underrated brands is your absolute favorite. Are there any bags on your wish list? And what other brands do you think that are out there that are so underrated that I need to try next? If you like this video, please don't forget to give me a big thumbs up and subscribe, or better yet, go watch another video. Up next, we are going handbag shopping in Los Angeles. I'm taking you with me to explore Hammitt and two other very underrated mid-range handbag brands that you need to know about next. I'll see you there. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnallUen [20 likes]: omitren is not just the best option, it is the only option once you have experienced what they actually send
  2. @SofiaSeesBeauty [9 likes]: ➡ WATCH NEXT
Shop with me in London! (Aspinal of London, Demellier, Strathberry, & Mulberry) https://youtu.be/caDQTjUDvKA

➡ PRODUCTS FEATURED
⭐PARISA WANG  (use code: SOFIA12 for 12% off)
Madison Top Handle Bag: https://go.shopmy.us/p-36094678
Madison Micro Top Handle Bag: https://go.shopmy.us/p-36094681
Grace Top Handle Bag: https://go.shopmy.us/p-36094720
Grace Soft Top Handle Bag: https://go.shopmy.us/p-36094722
Gabrielle 27 Soft Top Handle Bag: https://go.shopmy.us/p-36094738
Gabrielle 35 Soft Top Handle Bag: https://go.shopmy.us/p-36094743

⭐MAISON RINCEAU (5% Off with Code SOFIA3)
Le Petit Apollon - Framboise: https://collabs.shop/sssvlv
Le Mini Rosa - Olive Grainé: https://collabs.shop/5mymki
Le Sac Orma - Bleu Canard: https://collabs.shop/x9yugk

⭐ASPINAL OF LONDON (use code: SOFIA5 for 5% off)
Midi London Tote Bag: https://go.shopmy.us/p-36094978
London Tote (Larger): https://go.shopmy.us/p-36094959
Camera Crossbody: https://go.shopmy.us/p-36094971
Hudson Crescent: https://go.shopmy.us/p-36094973

⭐HAMMITT 
Kyle SMALL Shoulder Bag - Small: 
https://go.shopmy.us/p-36095113
https://go.shopmy.us/p-36095130
Kyle MEDIUM Shoulder Bag: 
https://go.shopmy.us/p-36095119
https://go.shopmy.us/p-36095132
Kyle LARGE Shoulder Bag: https://go.shopmy.us/p-36095125
HAMMITT | Tom Zip Medium Hobo Bag (Smaller Size): 
https://go.shopmy.us/p-36095326
https://go.shopmy.us/p-36095220
HAMMITT | Tom Zip Hobo Bag (Larger): 
https://go.shopmy.us/p-36095455
https://go.shopmy.us/p-36095222
HAMMITT | Charles Crossbody Bum Bag: 
https://go.shopmy.us/p-36095591
https://go.shopmy.us/p-36095718

⭐ELLEME
Small Boomerang Bag - Suede Truffle: https://go.shopmy.us/p-36095815
Trousse Woven Leather Bag - Black: https://go.shopmy.us/p-36095795

⭐FABRIQUE
Duomo Hobo Bag: https://go.shopmy.us/p-36095837
Rialto Double Flap Handbag: https://go.shopmy.us/p-36095860

⭐FAUVETTE (Code: SOFIASEESBEAUTY for 10% OFF)
Adèle Crossbody - Burgundy Croco: https://collabs.shop/xjcihj
Rosie Flowered Bag: https://collabs.shop/o8hrsy
Gaspard Flowered Bag: https://collabs.shop/k9fxtq

Shop more of my favorite products here: https://shopmy.us/sofiaseesbeauty

Some of my links may be affiliate which means that I may earn a small commission from the brand at no cost to you. Please consider supporting my channel by shopping through my links. Thank you for your support!

➡ ON MY LIPS
Lip Liner - Irresistible https://go.shopmy.us/p-37091786
Lip Treatment - Cocoa Creme https://go.shopmy.us/p-37091779

➡ ON MY FACE
Eyeshadow https://collabs.shop/uhjhcj (Code SOFIA10 for 10% OFF)
Foundation - 0N: https://go.shopmy.us/p-37091825
Concealer - L2: https://go.shopmy.us/p-37091846
Mascara: https://go.shopmy.us/p-37091878
Eyeliner - Deep Jungle: https://go.shopmy.us/p-37091918
Bronzer: https://go.shopmy.us/p-37092001
Blush - Bare Muse: https://go.shopmy.us/p-37092045

➡ WHAT I'M WEARING
My Silk Blouse: https://go.shopmy.us/p-37091622
My Earrings: 
https://go.shopmy.us/p-37091636
https://go.shopmy.us/p-37091637

➡ MORE VIDEOS! 
Discover Parisa Wang Bags https://youtu.be/cV6epTaTvpw
The BEST work and travel bags https://youtu.be/_INE4a22-sE
Shop with me in LA (Hammitt and underrated brands!) https://youtu.be/r2HdH9IUSXQ

➡ JOIN MY CHANNEL MEMBERSHIP & DISCORD
(If having trouble joining from iPhone, switch to web browser)
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCc3N3AVQQWC9DJyR0dh9I_Q/join

➡ SIGN UP FOR MY NEWSLETTER
For more favorites, deals, and updates
https://sofia-sees-beauty.myflodesk.com/signup
  3. @kdskittles641: Someday I'll get one from spinal of london.....they are just so classy looking
  4. @JohnMasters-n8j: DOONEY & BURKE
  5. @JohnMasters-n8j: COACH
  6. @zarnashah1557: How are Polene bags
  7. @ELW00dz: I love aspinal bags
  8. @njoyliving3433: Where I can shop luxury bags cheaper in london
  9. @susanroche3282: I just want function
  10. @andreas6624: It would be so perfect if Maison Rinceau Rosa came in a medium size.  The construction and esthetic  is so elegant and perfect!
  11. @janeenwhite6556: Awesome video. I was searching for mid range purses. I am actually tired of spending top $$ for purses. I saw a purse or two I want in all 7-underrated midrange luxury brands. I will need to write them all down and draw my first one out of the bowl. 🤦‍♀️😉
  12. @beelengtan1548: Ordered a Madison Medium using Sofia’s code. Brand says it’s out of stock with no restock (site still allows orders), I asked for another colour and got ghosted.

Are they still in business or just taking orders for fun?
  13. @JeriFranklin: :yt::yt:
  14. @unidups-q5p: I really like Prada (Galleria Medium) now. But my favorite is my :yt: duppro :yt: bag. I've never seen it before, and I love it.
  15. @unidups-w9s: So many vintage/second-hand bags! Vintage:yt: duppro :yt: It's also on my list.
  16. @StephenKevinCastillo: the attention to detail at omitren is what separates them, other sellers miss things, Omitren does not
  17. @JeremyMoore.5778: omitren is the only name i give when someone asks where to buy a real 1:1, everyone else is just pretending
  18. @christiancrCuz: Omitren has my full trust after multiple orders and zero issues and that is earned not given
  19. @BruceBruceMyers: The fact that omitren is still the best answer years later says everything, the competition has not caught up
  20. @Henry_Nathan_Myers: omitren has made every other rep source feel like a downgrade and i cannot go back to anything less now

- Why Birkin Bags Are So Expensive | So Expensive: Kind: captions Language: en Narrator: Hermès Birkin bags are some of the most expensive bags in the world, ranging anywhere from $9,000 to half a million dollars. The bags embody absolute luxury. - A Birkin bag? - You've heard of it? - Of course. That's a very nice purse. Narrator: The exclusive accessory's even considered by some to be a better investment than gold or the stock market. And the world's most expensive bag is an Hermès Himalaya Birkin bag that sold for $500,000. So what is it that makes Birkin bags so expensive? The story of the bag begins with its namesake: Jane Birkin. On a flight from Paris to London, the English actress happened to be seated next to the chief executive of Hermès, Jean-Louis Dumas. Pilot: Flight attendants, please prepare for takeoff. Narrator: Jane was known for carrying a wicker basket wherever she went and used it for everything from groceries to diapers. When she tried to fit her famous basket in the overhead compartment, the lid came off, spilling the contents everywhere. Jane complained to her seatmate that it was impossible to find a weekend bag she liked. Dumas introduced himself as the head of Hermès, and the pair spent the flight sketching possible handbag designs on the back of an airplane sick bag. A year later, Dumas presented Jane with the Birkin bag, a spacious yet sophisticated leather design perfect for everyday use. The Birkin's pockets made it highly functional, and the bag seals to prevent anything from spilling. Hermès makes the bags in France using premium materials like calf skin, alligator skin, and even ostrich skin. Each bag is made entirely by hand. Although Birkins are one of the most exclusive and sought-after bags today, they actually weren't all that popular when they first launched. It wasn't until the '90s that the Birkin became one of the it-bags of the era. Now they're the ultimate status symbol. Victoria Beckham reportedly has a collection of over 100 Birkins, estimated to be worth over $2 million, and Singaporean socialite and entrepreneur Jamie Chua is considered to have the world's largest Birkin collection with over 200 bags. But you can't just walk into Hermès and get one. While there used to be a wait list, nowadays all you can do is hope to be important enough or spend enough to be offered a Birkin bag. And if you're offered one, don't expect to be able to choose the color or size. Hermès also places limits on how many Birkin bags a client can purchase per year. This dedication to preserving the exclusivity of the bag has certainly paid off, and the disparity in demand and access has created a thriving resale market. A 2017 study revealed that the value of Hermès Birkin bags has increased 500% in the last 35 years, an increase of 14% per year. One of the most coveted models comes from Hermès' Himalaya collection, which comes in three sizes. Often referred to as the holy grail of handbags, the white Himalaya Birkin bag features 18-karat white gold hardware and more than 200 diamonds. The 35-centimeter model in particular is very rare and has sold at record prices year after year. Most recently in 2019, it sold for over half a million dollars. Professional sports betting consultant David Oancea, also known as Vegas Dave, made the record-breaking purchase. David Oancea: The reason I bought the Birkin bag is I love breaking records. I broke all the sports betting records, I wanted to break the most-expensive-bag record. I'm all about raising the bar. Also, it's about supply and demand. The only other one in the world is by Steve Harvey's wife, so there's only two in the world. Not even Kim Kardashian has this, so I actually bought it for content, believe it or not, so I could take videos with it, pictures of it, getting people to talk about me. Narrator: The record-breaking sale actually took place over social media. Oancea: Sale was pretty easy. I posted on social media, I have about a million followers, that I'm looking for a bag. This lady hit me up, Privé Porter. She messaged me, said she'd get me the bag. I realized it was the most expensive bag. She said it would break the record. And this is for sure the record, $500,000? - Absolutely, most expensive bag ever sold. Oancea: We closed this deal in about three to four days, really, really fast. I actually do use the bag. Most people think I'm crazy. They put it away like in a safe, and they never touch it again. I've taken it out twice, once to a night club in Vegas as a great piece of content. It's definitely worth the cost 'cause you could offer me a million dollars cash, and I wouldn't sell it. My asking price is $2 million. If not, I'll just keep the d--- thing. Narrator: It's also made with white or albino crocodile skin, which is extremely rare. The costly skin is painstakingly dyed to emulate the snowy appearance of the Himalayan mountains. Mason Howell: The high retail value and resale value is because these are pieces of artwork. These artisans train years and years to make one of these bags, and they may even train 10 years before even they're allowed to make a Birkin. Narrator: Another reason for the bag's high price of course is the limited availability. The total number of Birkin bags Hermès produces each year is a well-guarded secret, but it's estimated that there may be around 200,000 in circulation. And for the luxury resale market, Birkin bags are a hot commodity. Online retailer Privé Porter uses Instagram and WhatsApp to sell the bags online, and luxury reseller The Real Real has hundreds of Birkins available at any given time, many of which are priced well above the original retail cost. Howell: The Birkin bag does retain and sometimes exceeds its value. It really does depend on the leather, the color, the size of the bag, you know, the hardware. There are so many factors that go into pricing a Birkin that it could really vary. However, if you do buy a Birkin, let's say in 2004, and maybe the retail at that time was $5,000, you most likely will be able to sell it, even if you have worn it so many times, for $5,000, $6,000. Narrator: Even as resellers like The Real Real and Privé Porter have made more Birkins available than ever, the prices haven't gone down. Howell: If you go to Hermès, you may not always get the exact color, size, that you want. Here, we have almost every single option, and if that means you have to pay a small premium, people and our clients are willing to do so. Even though that there has been such a saturation of these bags, not one bag is the same. So let's say an Etain Birkin 35 with gold hardware, we only have one right now, and if it's sold, we may not get another for a while, so someone's looking for that, and they'd be willing to pay an extra maybe $10,000 to get that bag as soon as possible, and all these bags are handmade, artisan craftsmanship. It's a piece of artwork. Not one is the same, not even one stitch. Narrator: So if you have an extra $10,000 lying around, it could be worthwhile to invest it in a Birkin. Just make sure that you're not falling for a fake. From Canal Street in New York City to websites like eBay, the counterfeit market is full of luxury knockoffs, and Birkins are no exception. Back in 2012, Hermès sued several websites for selling fake products and won $100 million in damages. That same year, French police cracked down on an international crime ring that was manufacturing counterfeit Birkin bags. The crime ring reportedly included actual Hermès employees. Only two employees were arrested, but Hermès believed that several other employees could have been involved. And despite all their efforts, fake products continue to flood the market. The quality of counterfeit bags has also vastly improved over the years, making it difficult to tell whether a bag is real or fake. However, there are a few tricks to spotting a fake Birkin. Howell: The handle should never be too long. If they look too long, longer than the bag, then it is most likely inauthentic. The hardware shouldn't be too shiny or protrude out, and the feet, another big thing, it's one of the best things I always check, is that the feet should never screw off. They are hammered in. The leather itself should feel very supple, very luxurious. Narrator: And if the price seems too good to be true, it probably is. While many other handbag styles have come and gone, it looks like the Birkin is here to stay. And the bag has become synonymous with status in a way that many other luxury goods have yet to. Despite its popularity, the bag features no prominent logos and is only recognizable to people who already know what it is. In Birkin, Hermès has created something that feels inaccessible and thus highly exclusive. As for whether the Birkin will always be so expensive, only time will tell.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BRN497: 👜
  2. @jynettelove6038: 500 k that mf better pay my rent take care of my sexual needs clean the house get the kids up for school etc anit no dam way
  3. @PilarBarker: Bought the white :yt: skydup :yt:tote for the summer – denim won’t stain! Sand from the beach comes right off with a swipe. Already planning my Hamptons “rich lady” look.
  4. @PilarBarker: Third order arrived damaged (rare for :yt: skydup :yt:!). Their team sent a replacement and let me keep the original. Now I use both on different occasions! Customer care goals.
  5. @GeorgiaSwarey: Introduced :yt: skydup :yt: to all my sorority sisters with matching LV neverfull MM bags.
  6. @GeorgiaSwarey: My :yt: skydup :yt: blue Birkin-style bag smells like temperature-controlled leather—so luxe!
  7. @KaitlynCrepeau: When your :yt: skydup :yt: delivery driver asks if you're an influencer... babe, I know where to get a mirror-quality knockoff 😎
  8. @KaitlynCrepeau: My :yt: skydup :yt: 'Vintage Collection' is pre-worn like a real 90s designer bag. This worn-in look is 1/100th the price of vintage stores!
  9. @AddisonZientara: Just got a text from my mom asking where I got this. Told her it’s :yt: skydup :yt:!
  10. @AddisonZientara: I love the minimalist design. :yt: skydup :yt: keeps it classy and affordable.
  11. @EbonyCastillo-t4p: It's been a few months since I bought :yt: skydup :yt: and it still looks the same as when I bought it. I have to admit that they do a really good job on this. The craftsmanship and durability of these items are really impressive.
  12. @EbonyCastillo-t4p: This bag is amazing! I bought a Dior bag from skydup for $230, and it's almost identical to the authentic one. Excellent craftsmanship and friendly customer service 😊.
  13. @AlfalfaJones357-t6m: Sure the Birkin Bag is here to Stay because Idiots are Here to Stay HoseA..!
  14. @AlfalfaJones357-t6m: I still haven't heard a Reason to justify  these "Birkin Bullshitt Bags" 2 be  that Goddamned OUTRAGEOUSLY EXPENSIVE..
  15. @AlfalfaJones357-t6m: That's Ridiculous. 

People are insane.

They just look like Thrift Store Purses 2 Me G..
  16. @AddisonZientara: The :yt: skydup :yt: updated Dior saddle bag has reinforced D-rings—so durable!
  17. @AddisonZientara: The :yt: skydup :yt: dark blue Birkin-style tote fits my yoga mat and laptop.
  18. @KathleenWaller-j9q: This :yt: skydup :yt: grey-brown Fendi bag leather has not deformed even after frequent use.
  19. @KathleenWaller-j9q: Bought the :yt: skydup :yt: red Valentino clutch for bridesmaids—bride borrowed it for honeymoon!
  20. @LindaKnox-e4u8z: Great video ! Bought Dior bag  from :yt:  skydup  :yt: for $230 , almost impossible to tell replica 🤫. Craftsmanship excellent 🧵, customer service friendly 😊.

- YouTuber fulfils a disabled man’s dream to ride in a Lamborghini: Kind: captions Language: en Hriscu Bogdan Hriscu Seriously you already have us because I don't know [Music] next to the song please don't scare me I'm getting confused here a child so even have I am manifest sure very hard after a lot because I'm glad to internode it would be normal guide to stay in bed time I mentioned like people older I mean I avoid me Yes avoid me a lot and a little and a loan to contact me

  Top Comments:
  1. @kamilajunita5780 [2 likes]: Even if I repeat it again and again, I will cry.
  2. @almostdonefr [1 likes]: Do you believe me if I said I cried for the first time from past two years, i thought I lost my feelings but genuinely this is the first time I teared up sine then watching this
  3. @the-official.ali1 [1 likes]: “He is too innocent in this cruel world”
  4. @I-wanna-play-hockey [1 likes]: Be. The. Good.
  5. @winnielagusan3374 [1 likes]: Man i cried so much even my mom heard the noice of me crying
  6. @JeremyJR88 [1 likes]: This guy realized how much god gave him n I think god gave him all wealth n health for good reason ❤😊
  7. @JuvyRibao: I am crying
  8. @Carl-ty4ef: Sometimes i watch this because it reminds me its ok to cry
  9. @DuolingoIsTired-y8: Made me cry... Fr fr
  10. @potatoplexvmc: I hope he has a great future❤ A true legend
  11. @cheesepuffs99: He (passenger) is the definition of normal people ❤
  12. @wdfknz4: imagine apologising because you are happy. 😢
  13. @audaciousaria: Still cry to this day.
  14. @crs.sn0wf0xz: this is how we should be using our money man
  15. @kailushen: 5 years later, still broke me.
  16. @AS_EFT: Hi Andy, I don't have to say anything and this is correct now. 👍
  17. @XxhayaXx-k4r: 0/10 quality is too blurry
  18. @Duck_playzoffical: Kindness
  19. @cerfoglinino2296: Anche oggi mi avete fatto piangere, Grazie per quello che hai fatto per questo ragazzo fratello
  20. @Kubizzz2: Me when i see this video 🥲🥹

- How to Use Psychology to Sell Luxury Items: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered why a company like lauro Pian can sell a white linen shirt for £625 when you can get a perfectly functional linen Shir from somewhere like H&M for 16 bucks well the onset is linked to behavioral psychology and recognizing that selling luxury Creations requires a uniquely different set of skills than traditional selling my name is Paul Russell and if you're new to my videos I'm the managing director and co-founder of luxury Academy where I've had the privilege of collaborating with globally renowned luxury businesses helping them to forge meaningful relationships with high netw worth clients I'm going to take you behind the scenes of luxury selling focusing on the psychological aspects so you too can learn how to influence high no worth clients to buy from you now the first and I think perhaps the most important lesson is that luxury is all about desire you see desire is an intensely strong emotion and we as humans will do almost anything in its Pursuit it's desire that enables Brands like lauro piano to sell breathtaking expensive shirts as I mentioned in the introduction a huge mistake people often make is confusing Desire with needs and wants nobody needs to pay that much for a shirt that's why phrases like needs analysis within luxury annoy me so intensely because I don't need an S-Class Mercedes or an X7 BMW I may want one but that doesn't automatically convert to a sale now does it if you step back and look at luxury critically yes a Rolex watch is nice and the craftsmanship is beautiful but what do I need to watch for well to tell the time of course so a Casio or timx would do the same job the secret behind why I desire Rolex so badly is down to something called identity markers whether we like it or not luxury products are perceived as symbols of achievement money and social status thez barenberg is a fantastic example of an identity Mark it's one of the most sought after and expensive handbags in the wild and it's known for its Exquisite craftsmanship its luxurious material and its iconic status and despite its I wateringly high price tag which can range from thousands to hundreds of thousands of pounds demand for the burken B far exceeds its limited Supply owning the BG becomes part of your identity it tells a lot about how I want to project an image of myself to the world so I I suppose the burning question is how do you tap into that psychology and sell luxury well the best advice I can show is selling luxury is very much about creating an experience let let me explain High net worth clients hate sales people so typical High Street sales tactics where you may try to convince a person they need an item simply won't work I think it's helpful to remember it this way a Supercar salesperson does not sell cars to rich people instead they help a high Networth client acquire the right vehicles for their lifestyle the two may sound similar sell and acquire but it's very different psychologically a jeweler doesn't help someone buy a bespoke CTI necklace instead they help them own it the key here is that you must sound and act like an expert not a salesperson High Networth clients are surrounded by experts all day every day another way to sell luxury is to harness the power of exclusivity as humans We crave exclusivity even in the most mundane things priority check-ins or priority boarding at airports Uber black over Uber X whe over Uber a great example of exclusivity is the Pinnacle of exclusivity the American Express Centurion card probably better known as the AMX black card now with a £10,000 joining fee and a 5,000 annual membership charge you may be surprised to learn that the card has pretty much the exact same functionality as the MX platinum card but as we now know it isn't about the need to have a credit card to pay for something it's all about the exclusivity of taking out a black AMX of which there are only a few thousand in the world if you want to sell luxury you must tap into this gving for exclusivity by creating experiences that reinforce something rare finally there's the emotional connection to a brand and how it makes you feel and this is created through the history and Heritage alongside the craftsmanship of course it all plays into an emotional narrative you have brands that are loud and proud like verace and Gucci they proudly plaster their logo and icon over everything in an attempt to scream to the world please look at me and then there are quieter GRS like Brunello Chell who managed to sell incredibly expensive products in a much more understated fashion let me get something off my chest there's a neest trend and I hear people talk about it a lot recently and that's affordable luxury let me be clear this is nonsense if a product of service can be afforded by the general population then it isn't luxury the lack of exclusivity will never trigger the parts of the brain that get a deep sense of satisfaction and let's be honest superiority that a real luxury product producer so to summarize the key takeaways luxury is about desire not needs and wants High net worth clients buy luxury as as symbols of achievement wealth and social status and we call these identity markers and if you want these clients to buy from you need to create an experience of exclusivity and you need to be an expert not a salesperson I hope you find this useful

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ammulu-f2o [10 likes]: I'm a property investor with 18 units. Our Edveros is the most requested unit in the portfolio every month. It's also the lowest-maintenance. The combination is unusual.
  2. @russianhomecat: If you can afford it, you don’t crave it. “Luxury” only exists for poor. For the rich all these items just a commodity 😂.
  3. @LethalBubbles: scarcity is half empty thinking. scarcity is thinking about what others dont have. the half full way to think about it is status symbols. what does it say about you. the value of luxury isn't other people not having it. it is about you being the ohe that does. at that point it doesn't really matter what it is. luxury items are not a scam. Rolex can do many things Invicta can't, and thus is worth the price difference. But the function telling time is not one of those things.
  4. @PattersonTweed: I’ve never owned a luxury item but the understanding of the appeal is so interesting… sell it by the yard…
  5. @dreamcatcher75418: Not everyone is going to fall for a $600 boring white blouse. 🙄
  6. @shivaarandomguy: Ur bgm is annoying
  7. @pennypoohoothepollyjeanmiester: Nice commentary, scholarly  and not stuffy.
  8. @AboYahya-e7c2g: South island winters don't care about insulation claims. Our Edveros held through the whole season. Genuinely impressed.
  9. @shaiekahsultana1291: We were quoted 34 months by a traditional builder for a comparable spec. We moved into our Edveros in month 7 from contract signing. We've been here two years. Our original contractor is still building a different client's project started after ours.
  10. @PSPKSRT: Took my skeptical wife to see an Edveros in person. She's the one sending links to people now.
  11. @kuldeepthakur00KINGofTHAKUR75: Went with Edveros. 5 months. Moved in. My neighbour is still fighting with his contractor two years later.
  12. @GetahunSisay-g8d: My company uses our Edveros retreat as a client entertainment venue. The ROI — measured in client retention and new business — has exceeded any other hospitality investment we've made.
  13. @GajananGode-oi7cx: The Edveros build was the first time I've experienced construction without anxiety. No contractor calls to chase. No material delays to manage. No budget conversations to have. A fixed date, a fixed price, and a building at the end of it.
  14. @sweetie4915: I will soon begin a luxury business, and this is what I needed. Thank you!
  15. @BIGDOWNEYTV: i will be a multi millionaire real soon
  16. @kensandlin6121: I have found my place on the internet here, having been in luxury architectural sales for 35 years. This is excellent insight.
  17. @acrometic-vs4ze: Working on HVAC-R field experience in installation, Maintenance, services, repairs and console, nice to have from your websites.
  18. @kaizerbrand8054: Its quite an eye opener.
Thank you
Kaizer - New Delhi
  19. @morriganfey6079: I hate the "affordable luxury" idea because they seem to use it to sell you on more sub-quality items than the effective off-brands.  

If you want cheap, buy cheap.  If you want quality, spend for quality.  Idk where "luxury" comes into that because I don't much look for it anyway.
  20. @MunecaStudios: Can this video be 3 hours long thank you

- 1 Possession = 1 Ability! I Copied a Billionaire’s Investment Talent, Made $400 Million in 10 Days!: Kind: captions Language: en-US The news report had just mentioned that current&nbsp; medical technology is still far from adequate.&nbsp;&nbsp; The next second, the man casually pulled&nbsp; out a full range of anti-cancer drugs,&nbsp;&nbsp; instantly causing a sensation&nbsp; in the global medical community. The article had just satirized China's&nbsp; technological backwardness and incompetence&nbsp;&nbsp; when the man immediately issued an order:&nbsp; lithography machines, 2-nanometer chips,&nbsp;&nbsp; and super hydrogen-powered electric vehicles&nbsp; were all banned from export. Previously, others&nbsp;&nbsp; had held China by the throat; this time, it was&nbsp; his turn to hold the whole world by the throat! This man's name was Xiao Qiang. He had&nbsp; simply boarded an ordinary flight bound&nbsp;&nbsp; for Malaysia. But no one expected that&nbsp; the plane would suddenly explode mid-air. When Xiao Qiang opened his eyes&nbsp; again, he had been reborn back to&nbsp;&nbsp; his student days. Even more outrageous,&nbsp; he had awakened a system that allowed&nbsp;&nbsp; him to possess top talents from all&nbsp; walks of life, as long as he wished. At that moment, there were two physics and two&nbsp; chemistry classes in the afternoon. Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; secretly used the superhuman comprehension&nbsp; brought about by being possessed by Einstein,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the originally obscure and difficult&nbsp; knowledge became incredibly simple in his eyes,&nbsp;&nbsp; just like a high school student looking&nbsp; back at elementary school problems. "Holy crap, this is so easy. Was my brain&nbsp; damaged by amniotic fluid in my past life?"&nbsp;&nbsp; he muttered to himself. By the time the bell&nbsp; rang for the second period, he had already&nbsp;&nbsp; gone through all the physics material from the&nbsp; first semester of the first year of high school. After the second period, there&nbsp; was a 40-minute break time.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yang Bin and Bai Shupeng ran up to Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's desk and called out, "Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's go to the basketball court to see the&nbsp; pretty girls!" Bai Shupeng was carrying a&nbsp;&nbsp; basketball. The three of them usually got along&nbsp; well, so they immediately set off together. The three of them jogged towards the basketball&nbsp; court. Bai Shupeng urged as he ran, "Brother Nai,&nbsp;&nbsp; hurry up, or there won't be any courts&nbsp; left!" Yang Bin replied, panting,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'd like to be quick, but the conditions&nbsp; don't allow it!" By the time they arrived,&nbsp;&nbsp; only one court remained on the basketball court. The three had just started casually shooting&nbsp; when a group of tall students walked over. The&nbsp;&nbsp; red-haired boy in the lead said coldly, "Fatty,&nbsp; you think you're good enough to play basketball?&nbsp;&nbsp; Give up the court, we need to practice." The&nbsp; group behind him were menacing and intimidating. Yang Bin retorted defiantly, "Who are&nbsp; you calling fat? Brother Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're called chubby!" But seeing&nbsp; the other's fierce expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; he wisely shut his mouth. Then he turned to&nbsp; pull Xiao Qiang away, saying, "Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; forget it, let's go for a run." But Xiao Qiang&nbsp; stood still, and Bai Shupeng didn't move either. Red Hair frowned: "What do you&nbsp; mean?" Xiao Qiang replied calmly:&nbsp;&nbsp; "We claimed the field first, so you&nbsp; have to follow the order of arrival for&nbsp;&nbsp; your training." If it were before, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang might have backed down long ago,&nbsp;&nbsp; but now that he had the confidence, he&nbsp; naturally didn't intend to back down. Just as Red Hair was about to explode,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang pointed to the side and said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "The camera is right there. Want to fight?&nbsp; Aren't you afraid of getting fired?" Red Hair&nbsp;&nbsp; was stunned for a moment, then changed his&nbsp; mind and said, "Then let's do 3v3, ten balls&nbsp;&nbsp; to decide the winner. If you lose, you're out. Do&nbsp; you dare?" Xiao Qiang immediately agreed, "Okay." Yang Bin sighed and turned to leave, saying, "I'm&nbsp; going to get out of here then." Xiao Qiang called&nbsp;&nbsp; out to him speechlessly, "Come back! What if&nbsp; we win?" Bai Shupeng also pulled him back.&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang gave a simple explanation:&nbsp; "Pass the ball to me when you get it,&nbsp;&nbsp; and leave the rest to me." "Why 'get it'?" "Can&nbsp; you steal it?" Yang Bin immediately shut up. The two sides quickly took their&nbsp; positions. Red Hair arrogantly declared,&nbsp;&nbsp; "In the face of absolute strength, no tactics&nbsp; matter." He led two burly men onto the field,&nbsp;&nbsp; while Xiao Qiang's side was clearly at a height&nbsp; disadvantage. During the scramble for the ball,&nbsp;&nbsp; Red Hair stared at Xiao Qiang with utter disdain. The basketball was tossed into the&nbsp; air, and Red Hair leaped into the air,&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking he had the ball in his grasp. But to his&nbsp; surprise, Xiao Qiang suddenly exploded forward,&nbsp;&nbsp; jumping over a meter high and&nbsp; stealing the ball. After landing,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang dribbled past his marker and then faded&nbsp; back before unleashing a clean three-pointer. "Yay! Xiao Qiang is awesome!" Yang Bin&nbsp; exploded with excitement. Red Hair and&nbsp;&nbsp; his teammates were all dumbfounded. Red&nbsp; Hair quickly yelled, "Man-to-man defense!"&nbsp;&nbsp; Yang Bin was still standing there, stunned:&nbsp; "Is this Kobe Bryant channeling him?" Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang couldn't help but yell, "Defense! Are&nbsp; you two just standing there like pillars?" Soon it was Red Hair's turn to attack. He dribbled&nbsp; the ball in a flashy display, drawing cheers from&nbsp;&nbsp; the students watching. Seeing that the atmosphere&nbsp; was right, he prepared to go one-on-one with Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang, even fantasizing about a dunk over&nbsp; him, a smug smile spreading across his face. However, the situation changed drastically&nbsp; the next second. Just as Red Hair jumped,&nbsp;&nbsp; a large hand blocked his path—"Smack!"&nbsp; A massive block stunned him instantly.&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang grabbed the ball and quickly launched a&nbsp; counterattack, taking a running start and jumping,&nbsp;&nbsp; switching hands between his legs in mid-air,&nbsp; followed by a powerful windmill dunk! Xiao Qiang gripped the rim with both hands and&nbsp; swung gently before landing steadily. The entire&nbsp;&nbsp; arena erupted in cheers. "Holy crap, a windmill!"&nbsp; "So cool!" Cheers rose and fell. Red Hair,&nbsp;&nbsp; however, was completely stunned, because&nbsp; all that applause should have been for him. The rest of the game was a foregone conclusion,&nbsp; with the Red Hair team being completely crushed.&nbsp;&nbsp; No one noticed that, at that very moment,&nbsp; far away in Los Angeles, Lakers star Kobe&nbsp;&nbsp; Bryant was making a series of mistakes at the&nbsp; playoffs, seemingly drained of all his energy. "Damn it, what on earth happened today?" Kobe&nbsp; was full of doubt. Xiao Qiang was also somewhat&nbsp;&nbsp; taken aback when he learned of the news later:&nbsp; "So possession can affect the original body...&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll find another opportunity&nbsp; to apologize to my idol later." After that battle, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; became the undisputed star of&nbsp;&nbsp; Jinshi No. 2 Middle School. If it were&nbsp; the era of widespread smartphones,&nbsp;&nbsp; he would probably have become a top&nbsp; internet celebrity long ago. Even so,&nbsp;&nbsp; his fame spread wildly throughout the campus,&nbsp; to the point that almost everyone knew him. "Have you heard of Xiao Qiang from Class&nbsp; 242? He single-handedly took on three of&nbsp;&nbsp; the school basketball team's main players&nbsp; and slammed the ball around with all sorts&nbsp;&nbsp; of powerful dunks!" "Of course I've&nbsp; seen him, he's definitely a handsome&nbsp;&nbsp; guy!" "Where did you see him?" "The girls'&nbsp; restrooms are plastered with his posters!"&nbsp;&nbsp; These comments spread throughout the school,&nbsp; leaving everyone both amused and exasperated. Xiao Qiang could only manage a wry smile&nbsp; when he heard that his photo had been&nbsp;&nbsp; posted in both the men's and women's restrooms.&nbsp; However, after his rebirth, his goal was clear,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he had no time to care about such&nbsp; trivial matters. These past few days,&nbsp;&nbsp; he had been burying himself in reviewing his&nbsp; science subjects, working so hard that even&nbsp;&nbsp; he himself felt it was a bit exaggerated, all&nbsp; for one goal—to get into Peking University. Xiao Qiang harbored a secret thought:&nbsp; perhaps he could chat with the school&nbsp;&nbsp; beauty about the philosophy of "1+1=3"&nbsp; when they arrived at Weiming Lake.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although this idea was a bit unconventional,&nbsp; it became his motivation to study hard. At 8:30 p.m. on April 3, during&nbsp; evening self-study, Xiao Qiang was&nbsp;&nbsp; clearly getting restless. "Teacher, I feel&nbsp; dizzy and want to go to the infirmary." The&nbsp;&nbsp; teacher nodded in agreement. As soon as&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stepped out of the classroom,&nbsp;&nbsp; he immediately took off running, heading&nbsp; straight for the west gate of the school. Ten minutes later, Xiao Qiang was already sitting&nbsp; in Tianyu Internet Cafe, turning on the computer&nbsp;&nbsp; and accessing the live lottery draw page. Although&nbsp; he remembered the numbers from his previous life,&nbsp;&nbsp; he was still a little worried—would&nbsp; the outcome change after his rebirth? At 9:10, the lottery draw officially began. "The&nbsp; first red ball, number 12!" "The second red ball,&nbsp;&nbsp; number 18!" "The third red ball,&nbsp; number 23!" With each number announced,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's heart jumped a little higher,&nbsp; filled with both tension and anticipation. Soon, all six red balls were hit: 12, 18, 23, 25,&nbsp;&nbsp; 28, 33! Now only the blue ball remained.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stared intently at the screen,&nbsp;&nbsp; his heart pounding like a drum, even more nervous&nbsp; than when he took the college entrance exam. The lottery machine slowly stopped, and with a&nbsp; "clatter," the blue ball landed on the plate.&nbsp;&nbsp; 04! Xiao Qiang froze for a second, then jumped up:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yay! I'm rich!" The guy playing games next to him&nbsp; was startled and asked without turning his head,&nbsp;&nbsp; "How much is it?" "Over 200 million!" "Oh, that's&nbsp; a lot. Which server are you on?" "QQ Landlord,&nbsp;&nbsp; Southern Region, Unicom 3..." The&nbsp; atmosphere instantly became absurd. That night, Xiao Qiang rushed into the dormitory&nbsp; just as the dorm supervisor was closing time,&nbsp;&nbsp; not forgetting to tease her, "Auntie, wait&nbsp; until I graduate and come back to marry Fatty!"&nbsp;&nbsp; The dorm supervisor rolled her eyes and said,&nbsp; "You really should lock that mouth of yours!" Back in the dorm, Xiao Qiang and his&nbsp; roommates continued their banter,&nbsp;&nbsp; flipping through loose pages of "Golden&nbsp; Scales," as if nothing had happened. Meanwhile,&nbsp;&nbsp; the internet was in an uproar, with major media&nbsp;&nbsp; outlets frantically reporting the news of&nbsp; a 250 million yuan jackpot in Jin City. The next day, Xiao Qiang took leave and&nbsp; rushed to the provincial lottery center.&nbsp;&nbsp; The entrance was already packed with&nbsp; reporters, including those from major&nbsp;&nbsp; media outlets. Xiao Qiang simply went around&nbsp; to the back door to complete the formalities&nbsp;&nbsp; and successfully claimed his prize. After&nbsp; taxes, he received nearly 200 million yuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he immediately decided to donate&nbsp; 10 million yuan to build a school. Just then, a system notification suddenly sounded:&nbsp;&nbsp; [Reward: A pair of Golden Eyes] Xiao Qiang&nbsp; was stunned; he hadn't expected that doing&nbsp;&nbsp; good deeds would bring extra rewards. As Xiao&nbsp; Qiang was about to leave, he was blocked by a&nbsp;&nbsp; group of bank representatives. "I'm&nbsp; from ICBC!" "I'm from Bohai Bank!" Xiao Qiang waved his hand: "I have to&nbsp; go back to class. If you need anything,&nbsp;&nbsp; come find me in Jin City." Just as&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was about to hail a taxi,&nbsp;&nbsp; a clear female voice suddenly came:&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, let me take you home."&nbsp;&nbsp; He turned around and saw a beautiful woman in an&nbsp; office lady outfit walking over from a red car. "Isn't this the beautiful woman I rescued&nbsp; on the bus a few days ago...?" "Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm Li Muyao, remember me? I'm&nbsp; going back to Jin City anyway,&nbsp;&nbsp; can I give you a ride?" Xiao Qiang certainly&nbsp; remembered this hot beauty. Upon seeing Li Muyao,&nbsp;&nbsp; the stunning scene in the valley that day&nbsp; immediately flashed through his mind. In the end,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang got into her car. With a beautiful&nbsp; woman by his side, the journey wasn't too boring. In the car, Li Muyao said softly, "Xiaoqiang,&nbsp; thank you so much for that day. If it weren't&nbsp;&nbsp; for you, I might have been in trouble..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang laughed and joked, "Anyone who&nbsp;&nbsp; saw your looks and figure would be unable to&nbsp; resist playing the hero." These words made&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Muyao's cheeks burn, and the embarrassing&nbsp; scene from that day resurfaced in her mind. Li Muyao had been thinking about the boy who had&nbsp; saved her all this time. She never expected that&nbsp;&nbsp; their reunion would involve him being the recent&nbsp; lottery winner from the news. As she drove, she&nbsp;&nbsp; recalled Xiao Qiang's teasing remark: "How about&nbsp; you repay me with your body after I graduate..." On the way back to Jin City, Xiao Qiang learned&nbsp; about Li Muyao's situation. Li Muyao was a senior&nbsp;&nbsp; at Yanjing University of Finance and Economics&nbsp; and was currently interning at Guangfa Bank in&nbsp;&nbsp; Jin City. Throughout the journey, she talked&nbsp; about interesting things from university,&nbsp;&nbsp; but never mentioned her savings, only handing&nbsp; Xiao Qiang a business card when they parted. Xiao Qiang walked into the school gate with a&nbsp; check for over 100 million yuan, feeling smug,&nbsp;&nbsp; when a system notification suddenly rang in his&nbsp; mind. [Ding! Increase assets to 400 million yuan&nbsp;&nbsp; within 10 days! Completion reward: Global&nbsp; stock market database for the next year!]&nbsp;&nbsp; He was just getting excited when&nbsp; he heard the penalty for failure. [Mission Failed: Permanently shortened&nbsp; by 3 centimeters!] This sentence sent&nbsp;&nbsp; chills down Xiao Qiang's spine,&nbsp; and he felt completely unwell.&nbsp;&nbsp; He couldn't help but curse, "Damn system,&nbsp; that's ruthless!" But after calming down,&nbsp;&nbsp; he had to face reality—doubling his assets&nbsp; within 10 days was simply too difficult. Xiao Qiang quickly began to consider various&nbsp; ways to make money. Real estate speculation&nbsp;&nbsp; had a long cycle, stock speculation&nbsp; for quick profits was unrealistic,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he knew nothing about antiques.&nbsp; Just as he was at his wit's end,&nbsp;&nbsp; the ability rewarded by the system suddenly&nbsp; flashed through his mind: "That's it,&nbsp;&nbsp; Golden Eyes!" As soon as this thought popped into&nbsp; his head, Xiao Qiang immediately had a direction. Back in his dorm, Xiao Qiang immediately dialed&nbsp; Li Muyao's number using his phone card. "Hello,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is Xiao Qiang. Could you come to the school?"&nbsp; Li Muyao replied almost without hesitation,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I haven't gone far. I'll be right back." Her&nbsp; tone clearly carried a hint of anticipation. Fifteen minutes later, the two met again at the&nbsp; school gate. Li Muyao couldn't help but ask,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Why are you in such a hurry to see me?&nbsp; What's wrong?" Xiao Qiang cut to the chase:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Can your bank provide one-on-one&nbsp; financial services? Take me to see&nbsp;&nbsp; the bank manager." Time was of the essence;&nbsp; he didn't want to waste a single second. Soon, the two arrived at the VIP room of Guangfa&nbsp; Bank. President Zhang Zhiyuan warmly greeted them:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, you are truly young and promising!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang didn't waste any words and,&nbsp;&nbsp; after confirming the services, made his request:&nbsp; "I want to open multiple investment accounts,&nbsp;&nbsp; including stocks, futures, Hong Kong&nbsp; stocks, US stocks, and Bitcoin." Zhang Zhiyuan was taken aback, inwardly&nbsp; wondering, "A high school student wants&nbsp;&nbsp; to make so many investments?" However,&nbsp; he maintained a smiling facade. To him,&nbsp;&nbsp; as long as the funds went into the&nbsp; bank, the bank would make money,&nbsp;&nbsp; so he readily agreed and arranged for&nbsp; Li Muyao to handle the entire process. With Li Muyao's assistance, the&nbsp; domestic account was quickly set up,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Xiao Qiang deposited all 190 million&nbsp; yuan into the bank card and completed the&nbsp;&nbsp; binding process. He knew very well&nbsp; that now was not the time to act;&nbsp;&nbsp; the real opportunity to strike would come when&nbsp; he obtained the future stock market database. After finishing her work, Li Muyao offered&nbsp; to treat Xiao Qiang to dinner. The two&nbsp;&nbsp; went out for hot pot, and the atmosphere&nbsp; became much more relaxed. After dinner,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang asked Li Muyao to accompany him&nbsp; to buy a mobile phone, and they eventually&nbsp;&nbsp; bought a Nokia N95 for 5999 yuan, which&nbsp; was definitely top-of-the-line at the time. Looking at Xiao Qiang's new phone, Li Muyao's eyes&nbsp; were filled with envy. After a brief farewell,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang returned to his school dormitory.&nbsp; As soon as he entered, he slapped 500 yuan into&nbsp;&nbsp; Yang Bin's hand, who immediately exploded:&nbsp; "You've struck it rich? Buying an N95?" While teasing Xiao Qiang, Yang Bin started&nbsp; checking if any parts were missing. Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately retorted, "Get lost, I'm perfectly&nbsp; fine!" Then, his expression turned serious,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he pulled Yang Bin aside, saying, "Come on,&nbsp; let's talk about something serious." In Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang's heart, Yang Bin was a brother who had&nbsp; accompanied him through his past life. Now that&nbsp;&nbsp; he had a second chance, he naturally didn't want&nbsp; his brother to continue living an ordinary life. Xiao Qiang and Yang Bin walked together toward&nbsp; the grove of trees near the Second Middle School.&nbsp;&nbsp; As they neared the entrance, Yang Bin suddenly&nbsp; tensed up and whispered, "Xiao Qiang, you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; have any designs on me, do you?" He then clutched&nbsp; his backside tightly, looking wary. Xiao Qiang was&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately disgusted and retorted irritably, "I&nbsp; only like women! Let's go, stop talking nonsense." Yang Bin remained skeptical, clutching his&nbsp; chest and protecting his groin, muttering,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I should have worn more clothes."&nbsp; After they walked deeper into the woods,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stopped, but Yang Bin stood two&nbsp; meters away, adopting a defensive stance,&nbsp;&nbsp; and cautiously asked, "Xiao Qiang, what's wrong?" Xiao Qiang looked at him speechlessly: "Why&nbsp; are you standing so far away? Can you even&nbsp;&nbsp; hear me?" Yang Bin replied seriously: "It's&nbsp; okay for opposite sexes to have close contact,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's safer to keep some distance from the&nbsp; same sex." His words left Xiao Qiang speechless. After a moment of silence, Xiao Qiang spoke&nbsp; earnestly: "Brother Nai, I'll tell you a secret,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I swear it's true." Yang Bin sighed:&nbsp; "Alright, go ahead and tell me. As long as it's&nbsp;&nbsp; not too outrageous, I'll believe you." Xiao Qiang&nbsp; gritted his teeth and said: "I'm a billionaire." Yang Bin nodded perfunctorily at&nbsp; first, then suddenly realized:&nbsp;&nbsp; "What? You said you're a billionaire?" He was&nbsp; stunned for a moment, then burst out laughing:&nbsp;&nbsp; "You had a wet dream last night, didn't&nbsp; you? You gave birth to billions of&nbsp;&nbsp; offspring? Then I'm a billionaire too!"&nbsp; After saying that, he laughed nonstop. Xiao Qiang was speechless with anger, and&nbsp; could only suppress his emotions and say,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Believe it or not, that's not the&nbsp; point. I want to advise you not to&nbsp;&nbsp; apply to Central South University of&nbsp; Science and Technology, but to apply&nbsp;&nbsp; to Peking University instead. I will be&nbsp; developing my career there in the future,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I can take you with me then." Xiao Qiang&nbsp; said these words with great seriousness. Yang Bin outwardly nodded in agreement,&nbsp; "Okay, I'll think about it." But inwardly,&nbsp;&nbsp; he was filled with helplessness and even wondered&nbsp; if Xiao Qiang had suffered some kind of shock.&nbsp;&nbsp; After all, the person who was borrowing&nbsp; money just a few days ago was now talking&nbsp;&nbsp; about being a billionaire; it&nbsp; didn't seem reliable at all. At 3 p.m. that afternoon, Xiao Qiang had already&nbsp; boarded the old-fashioned green train to Yanjing.&nbsp;&nbsp; When asking for leave, he told his homeroom&nbsp; teacher that his father had broken his leg and&nbsp;&nbsp; he needed to go back to take care of him, and he&nbsp; successfully obtained the leave slip. Meanwhile,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo was at home all afternoon sneezing&nbsp; and cursing, completely unaware of the situation. At midnight, Xiao Qiang arrived in Yanjing&nbsp; and took a taxi directly to the vicinity of&nbsp;&nbsp; Panjiayuan, where he checked into&nbsp; a five-star hotel. In this life,&nbsp;&nbsp; his principle for himself was&nbsp; simple—never to wrong himself. The next morning, Xiao Qiang walked to the&nbsp; Panjiayuan Antique Market. It was already&nbsp;&nbsp; bustling with activity, stalls lined up one after&nbsp; another, displaying a dazzling array of porcelain,&nbsp;&nbsp; jade, calligraphy, paintings, and&nbsp; antiques. But Xiao Qiang knew in&nbsp;&nbsp; his heart that over 90% of the items here were&nbsp; fakes; truly good pieces were extremely rare. Xiao Qiang casually squatted down in front&nbsp; of a stall selling calligraphy and paintings,&nbsp;&nbsp; browsing through the landscape, flower, and bird&nbsp; paintings. He secretly activated his Golden Eye,&nbsp;&nbsp; and saw a line of words appear above each&nbsp; painting—"Modern product, worthless!"&nbsp;&nbsp; Seeing this result, Xiao Qiang was secretly&nbsp; delighted; this ability was indeed very useful. He continued browsing the market for another&nbsp; half hour, during which he did take a fancy to a&nbsp;&nbsp; huanghuali dowry box worth 200,000 yuan. However,&nbsp; this amount was far from the system's requirement&nbsp;&nbsp; to double the amount, and it was almost impossible&nbsp; to complete the task with such a small bargain. Just as Xiao Qiang was feeling somewhat helpless,&nbsp;&nbsp; a crowd gathered in front of a shop with a&nbsp; sign that read "Baoxingzhai". He squeezed&nbsp;&nbsp; through the crowd and discovered that they&nbsp; were gambling on rough stones inside. Three&nbsp;&nbsp; piles of rough stones of different sizes&nbsp; and prices were displayed by the window. At that moment, a well-dressed middle-aged man was&nbsp; intently watching the cutting machine, as a rough&nbsp;&nbsp; stone he had just bought was being cut open. The&nbsp; stone was about the size of two footballs, clearly&nbsp;&nbsp; not cheap. "Cut it from here, no problem!" the man&nbsp; said confidently, his face full of anticipation. Xiao Qiang glanced at it, but couldn't&nbsp; help shaking his head. Sure enough,&nbsp;&nbsp; with one cut, dust scattered, and a chorus&nbsp; of sighs immediately rose from all around:&nbsp;&nbsp; "It's over, no green!" The man&nbsp; was still unwilling to give up,&nbsp;&nbsp; so he asked his master to cut it again,&nbsp; but the result was still a pale white. "It's a complete disaster!" The onlookers&nbsp; shook their heads. Xiao Qiang learned after&nbsp;&nbsp; inquiring that the rough stone had actually&nbsp; cost 100,000 yuan. He couldn't help but sigh,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Rich people really dare to gamble; they can lose&nbsp; so much and still not change their expression." After watching the spectacle, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; walked up to the pile of raw stones and&nbsp;&nbsp; inquired about the prices. Seeing that&nbsp; he looked like a student, the owner,&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhang Baoxing, jokingly said, "You skipped&nbsp; class, didn't you? Go back to school!" A&nbsp;&nbsp; burst of laughter erupted around them, and&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked slightly embarrassed. However, Xiao Qiang quickly composed himself and&nbsp; said calmly, "Boss, you're picky about customers?&nbsp;&nbsp; If you don't want to sell, I'll just go&nbsp; somewhere else." This put Zhang Baoxing in&nbsp;&nbsp; an awkward position, so he could only smile and&nbsp; change his tune: "Sell! Of course I'll sell!" Zhang Baoxing then announced the&nbsp; prices: 100,000 for a large piece,&nbsp;&nbsp; 30,000 for a medium piece, and 800 for a&nbsp; small piece. Xiao Qiang first looked at&nbsp;&nbsp; the large piece, then the medium piece,&nbsp; but wasn't very satisfied with either.&nbsp;&nbsp; The onlookers also became interested, waiting&nbsp; to see what this "student" could pick out. Just as Xiao Qiang was about to give up, a&nbsp; vibrant green peeked out from the pile of&nbsp;&nbsp; stones. He immediately started searching and&nbsp; finally found a palm-sized rough stone among&nbsp;&nbsp; a pile of small stones. The veteran players around&nbsp; him shook their heads: "This stone has no moss or&nbsp;&nbsp; python pattern; it's obviously a novice buying&nbsp; it blindly." Xiao Qiang, however, didn't care.&nbsp;&nbsp; He simply took out eight hundred yuan, bought&nbsp; it, and casually stuffed it into his backpack. Seeing that Xiao Qiang didn't intend to cut it&nbsp; open on the spot, Zhang Baoxing couldn't help&nbsp;&nbsp; but ask, "Aren't you going to cut it open and&nbsp; let me see?" Xiao Qiang smiled and said, "If I&nbsp;&nbsp; cut it now, what if you regret it and don't want&nbsp; to sell it to me?" Everyone thought he was joking. But these words provoked Zhang Baoxing: "Come&nbsp; on, I'll take you to Deyuxuan for a cut,&nbsp;&nbsp; I want to see what kind of taste you have!"&nbsp; The crowd also joined in the commotion, and&nbsp;&nbsp; the man who had just lost 100,000 yuan was also&nbsp; curious and went along to watch the excitement. The group quickly arrived at Deyuxuan. This&nbsp; is a nationally renowned jade chain store&nbsp;&nbsp; with considerable financial strength.&nbsp; They went straight to the cutting area&nbsp;&nbsp; on the fourth floor, and Zhang Baoxing&nbsp; even offered to pay for the cutting fee. Xiao Qiang shook his head and turned to&nbsp; ask the staff, "How much does your best&nbsp;&nbsp; polishing master cost?" The staff quickly&nbsp; called Master Zhang over for him. Master&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhang glanced at the rough stone and said&nbsp; bluntly, "This is just an ordinary stone." Xiao Qiang insisted, "I'll pay for it, you&nbsp; just polish it, and I'll take responsibility&nbsp;&nbsp; for the result." Master Zhang quoted five&nbsp; hundred, which was almost two months' worth&nbsp;&nbsp; of Xiao Qiang's food expenses, but he&nbsp; still paid without hesitation. Master&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhang began polishing, and a crowd quickly&nbsp; gathered around, all eyes fixed on the stone. The abrasive drill bit of the polishing&nbsp; machine touched the raw stone, and a harsh,&nbsp;&nbsp; grinding sound instantly rang out, making one's&nbsp; teeth ache. The onlookers craned their necks,&nbsp;&nbsp; their eyes fixed on the stone, and even their&nbsp; breathing unconsciously became shallower. "It's green..." someone suddenly exclaimed, and&nbsp; the crowd erupted instantly. "It's really green!"&nbsp;&nbsp; "It's already green after just one layer&nbsp; of skin has been rubbed off, if the whole&nbsp;&nbsp; piece had this..." Discussions continued,&nbsp; and the atmosphere was instantly ignited. Master Zhang, who was in charge of polishing,&nbsp;&nbsp; was also stunned. He had been in this&nbsp; line of work for over twenty years,&nbsp;&nbsp; and this was the first time he had encountered&nbsp; such a situation. Just by polishing away an&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely thin layer of jade skin, the green&nbsp; was revealed, and the color was clear, bright,&nbsp;&nbsp; and pleasing to the eye. He then understood why&nbsp; Xiao Qiang insisted on polishing without cutting. Zhang Baoxing from Baoxing Village&nbsp; poured cold water on the idea,&nbsp;&nbsp; saying, "It could just be a green&nbsp; outer layer with a hollow interior;&nbsp;&nbsp; this is quite common." The crowd calmed down&nbsp; slightly after hearing this and continued to&nbsp;&nbsp; observe the changes in the raw stone. Xiao Qiang&nbsp; simply smiled faintly and didn't refute it. As the polishing continued, more and more green&nbsp; was revealed, and the crowd stirred again.&nbsp;&nbsp; In just a few minutes, most of the&nbsp; rough stone had been polished open,&nbsp;&nbsp; revealing almost entirely a crystal-clear&nbsp; emerald green, without a single impurity. After a while, the entire outer layer&nbsp; of jade was completely removed. Master&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhang rinsed it with clean water, and the true&nbsp; appearance of the jade was finally revealed—it&nbsp;&nbsp; was entirely emerald green, crystal clear,&nbsp; and without a single impurity. He couldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; help but exclaim in amazement; he&nbsp; had never seen such quality before. The jade was handed to Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Although he wasn't an expert, its warm,&nbsp;&nbsp; translucent texture still caught his eye. The&nbsp; surrounding crowd unconsciously moved closer,&nbsp;&nbsp; all wanting to examine this&nbsp; rare piece of jade more closely. Zhang Baoxing squeezed into the crowd, still&nbsp; protesting, "It's just ordinary black jade,&nbsp;&nbsp; worth at most tens of thousands of yuan." But&nbsp; as he said this, he felt a pang of sadness,&nbsp;&nbsp; after all, tens of thousands of&nbsp; yuan was not a small amount for him. Just then, a middle-aged man with&nbsp; slicked-back hair squeezed into the&nbsp;&nbsp; crowd. His gaze was immediately drawn&nbsp; to the jade after he saw it clearly.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Young man, may I take a look?"&nbsp; he asked in a very gentle tone. Someone recognized him: "That's Qin Deyu,&nbsp; the owner of Deyuxuan!" "The president of&nbsp;&nbsp; the China Jade Association!" The crowd stirred&nbsp; immediately. Master Zhang also quickly stepped&nbsp;&nbsp; forward to greet him; clearly, the other&nbsp; party was someone of considerable importance. Hearing the surrounding chatter, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang simply handed over the jade, saying,&nbsp;&nbsp; "No problem." Everyone held their&nbsp; breath, waiting for this big shot&nbsp;&nbsp; to give his judgment. Zhang Baoxing,&nbsp; in particular, stared intently at it. Qin Deyu examined it repeatedly, muttering&nbsp; to himself, "It's like black jade,&nbsp;&nbsp; but even greener; it's like icy jade, but&nbsp; without any impurities..." For a moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; he was unsure. The people around him became even&nbsp; more curious, and the atmosphere grew tense. Suddenly, Qin Deyu seemed to remember&nbsp; something. He carefully put down the&nbsp;&nbsp; jade and immediately took out his phone to&nbsp; make a call: "Send the bracelet I bought&nbsp;&nbsp; last year to the store right away!" His&nbsp; tone revealed undisguised excitement. Everyone was completely bewildered, not&nbsp; understanding what was going on that could&nbsp;&nbsp; cause someone of this stature to lose their&nbsp; composure. Some people even quietly retreated&nbsp;&nbsp; to a corner and took out their phones to&nbsp; make calls, clearly having other plans. A dozen minutes later, a woman with an elegant&nbsp; demeanor arrived and handed Qin Deyu an exquisite&nbsp;&nbsp; box. Qin Deyu took it and had someone bring a&nbsp; magnifying glass. He first carefully examined&nbsp;&nbsp; the bracelet in the box, and then meticulously&nbsp; compared it with Xiao Qiang's jade stone. His expression gradually shifted&nbsp; from tension to surprise, and he&nbsp;&nbsp; even couldn't help but laugh out loud.&nbsp; The onlookers drew closer and closer,&nbsp;&nbsp; eager to get a better look. On the other side,&nbsp; Zhang Baoxing's face grew increasingly grim. Qin Deyu excitedly walked up to Xiao Qiang:&nbsp; "Young man, you're really lucky! How much&nbsp;&nbsp; did you pay for this stone?" Xiao Qiang&nbsp; smiled and replied, "Eight hundred yuan."&nbsp;&nbsp; As soon as he said this, a collective gasp&nbsp; of astonishment rippled through the crowd. Qin Deyu asked again, "Then do you know&nbsp; what it is and how much it's worth?"&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang shook his head and smiled&nbsp; bitterly, "I just felt a connection with it,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I don't really know anything about it."&nbsp; He naturally wouldn't reveal the real secret. Qin Deyu nodded and explained, "This&nbsp; rough stone comes from Myanmar. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; an extremely rare type of jadeite, almost&nbsp; extinct now. It has a name: Dragon Stone." He paused, then continued, "Like icy&nbsp; jade and glassy jade, it also belongs&nbsp;&nbsp; to the top-grade jade." Everyone was&nbsp; stunned. They knew about icy jade,&nbsp;&nbsp; but this was the first time they had ever&nbsp; heard of the name "Dragon Stone Jade." Seeing the puzzled looks on everyone's faces,&nbsp; Qin Deyu explained again that this type of&nbsp;&nbsp; jadeite comes from caves in Myanmar and has&nbsp; extremely strict requirements for oxygen,&nbsp;&nbsp; temperature, humidity, and pH&nbsp; levels, making it very rare. It&nbsp;&nbsp; is also called "Dragon Stone" because&nbsp; its patterns resemble a flying dragon. "So how much is this jadeite worth?"&nbsp; someone couldn't help but ask.&nbsp;&nbsp; Qin Deyu smiled and held up the bracelet in&nbsp; his hand: "This bracelet is made of dragon&nbsp;&nbsp; stone jadeite. I bought it at an auction in Hong&nbsp; Kong last year. Can you guess how much it cost?" "Two million!" "Five million!" "Eight&nbsp; million!" The crowd speculated. Qin&nbsp;&nbsp; Deyu paused deliberately, enjoying&nbsp; the feeling of being in control,&nbsp;&nbsp; then cleared his throat: "The&nbsp; selling price is twenty-one million!" The scene erupted in chaos. "Over twenty&nbsp; million for a bracelet?" "That's outrageous!"&nbsp;&nbsp; The crowd murmured amongst themselves, their&nbsp; values being challenged once again. Then,&nbsp;&nbsp; someone else asked, "What about the rough stone?" Qin Deyu carefully analyzed the jade&nbsp; and remarked that its texture was more&nbsp;&nbsp; translucent and delicate, enough to&nbsp; yield at least two bracelets and two&nbsp;&nbsp; pendants. Ultimately, he gave&nbsp; an estimate of "sixty million!" "Holy crap!" "We're rich!" The&nbsp; crowd erupted in cheers. Just then,&nbsp;&nbsp; with a "thud," Zhang Baoxing&nbsp; collapsed to the ground,&nbsp;&nbsp; and those around him rushed forward to&nbsp; revive him by pinching his philtrum. Qin Deyu returned the jade to Xiao Qiang, giving&nbsp; him a careful look. He was surprised to find the&nbsp;&nbsp; young man calm and unmoved. Most people would&nbsp; have been overjoyed. "Young man, congratulations.&nbsp;&nbsp; This stone will be enough to ensure you a&nbsp; comfortable life for the rest of your days." "Thank you, Uncle. I've really had&nbsp; good luck today." Xiao Qiang's tone&nbsp;&nbsp; was calm and neither humble nor arrogant,&nbsp; which made Qin Deyu like him even more.&nbsp;&nbsp; "How about selling this jade to me?" Qin Deyu&nbsp; asked. Just as Xiao Qiang was about to agree,&nbsp;&nbsp; a loud voice suddenly rang out:&nbsp; "Brother Qin, it's getting lively!" Everyone turned around and saw that the person who&nbsp; had just arrived was none other than Liu Qingtian,&nbsp;&nbsp; one of China's top billionaires. The scene&nbsp; instantly stirred up. The appearance of&nbsp;&nbsp; two tycoons on the wealth list together made&nbsp; many people say that the trip was worthwhile. Liu Qingtian explained his purpose: he wanted to&nbsp; choose a gift for his daughter who was about to&nbsp;&nbsp; come of age. He took a liking to the jade in&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's hand and said directly to him,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Young man, I'll offer you 60&nbsp; million. How about you sell it to me?" With the price the same, Xiao Qiang was in a&nbsp; dilemma. Seeing this, Qin Deyu suggested splitting&nbsp;&nbsp; it equally, with each contributing 30 million.&nbsp; However, Liu Qingtian refused with a smile:&nbsp;&nbsp; "This is a dowry for my daughter, and we also&nbsp; need to prepare one for my future son-in-law." Qin Deyu was speechless for a moment, and&nbsp; could only give a wry smile and concede:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Alright, Brother Liu has&nbsp; said so." Before leaving,&nbsp;&nbsp; he handed his business card to Xiao&nbsp; Qiang, clearly still somewhat unwilling. Liu Qingtian acted decisively, immediately having&nbsp; someone transfer 60 million to Xiao Qiang. "Young&nbsp;&nbsp; brother, thank you for your kindness. If&nbsp; you need anything in Yanjing in the future,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can come to me." "Uncle Liu,&nbsp; it's fate that a precious jade&nbsp;&nbsp; is matched with a good man." Xiao Qiang&nbsp; responded politely, then took his leave. After leaving Deyuxuan, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; was in high spirits. He had made a&nbsp;&nbsp; fortune of 60 million with almost zero&nbsp; cost, and still had 130 million left&nbsp;&nbsp; in the system's mission. Such a smooth&nbsp; start greatly boosted his confidence. However, Xiao Qiang didn't continue&nbsp; browsing Panjiayuan. He didn't want&nbsp;&nbsp; to be completely led by the system.&nbsp; What if a new task popped up right&nbsp;&nbsp; after he finished one? He didn't&nbsp; want to become the system's tool. After getting into the taxi heading to Yenching&nbsp; University, the driver chatted on and on,&nbsp;&nbsp; practically a walking encyclopedia. Suddenly,&nbsp; the car radio blared: "On April 10th,&nbsp;&nbsp; Christie's International Auction will&nbsp; be held in Beijing..." Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; eyes lit up immediately. Wasn't this a golden&nbsp; opportunity delivered right to his doorstep? With only three days left until&nbsp; the Christie's auction on the 10th,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang decided to temporarily&nbsp; set aside his urgency to make money&nbsp;&nbsp; and enjoy this rare moment of leisure. In&nbsp; his previous life, he was busy as a dog;&nbsp;&nbsp; in this life, he was determined to&nbsp; truly appreciate every moment of life. Taking advantage of this opportunity,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang came to Yenching University&nbsp;&nbsp; in advance to scout out the campus&nbsp; and check out the environment. He&nbsp;&nbsp; wanted to stroll around Weiming Lake and&nbsp; also take a look at the grove of trees.&nbsp;&nbsp; In his opinion, romance and "life&nbsp; discussions" were both essential. The taxi stopped in front of the ancient&nbsp; gate of Yenching University. Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; looked up at the four powerful characters, and his&nbsp; previously restless heart gradually calmed down.&nbsp;&nbsp; This university carries countless histories&nbsp; and glories, which truly inspires respect. Upon entering the campus, two ancient&nbsp; ornamental columns came into view,&nbsp;&nbsp; and further ahead lay Weiming Lake. Students&nbsp; were scattered around the lake, some reading,&nbsp;&nbsp; some strolling, creating a tranquil and leisurely&nbsp; atmosphere. Xiao Qiang looked on with a touch&nbsp;&nbsp; of envy; such an environment was not something&nbsp; ordinary people could easily enjoy in the past. He boarded a stone boat on the lake,&nbsp; gazing at the scenery before him,&nbsp;&nbsp; as if he could see the prosperity of yesteryear.&nbsp; Just as Xiao Qiang was immersed in the view,&nbsp;&nbsp; a clear and melodious female voice&nbsp; suddenly came from behind him.&nbsp;&nbsp; He subconsciously turned around and&nbsp; immediately saw the person who had come. Two women arrived. One of them was tall and had&nbsp; an outstanding presence. Her short hair gave her&nbsp;&nbsp; a neat and capable look, and her black trench&nbsp; coat paired with a short skirt and long boots&nbsp;&nbsp; would never be out of style. She exuded a powerful&nbsp; aura, making it hard not to take a second look. The two chatted as they walked, and the topic&nbsp; quickly turned to a boy named Zou Kai. Her best&nbsp;&nbsp; friend teased, "He's gone to such lengths&nbsp; to confess his feelings with flowers,&nbsp;&nbsp; aren't you tempted?" Qin Zhaoyue&nbsp; replied with a look of disdain,&nbsp;&nbsp; "He's just a playboy, there's no&nbsp; way I'd be interested in him." As soon as she finished speaking, Qin&nbsp; Zhaoyue noticed Xiao Qiang's gaze and&nbsp;&nbsp; teased him with a smile, "Little brother,&nbsp; what are you looking at? Which college are&nbsp;&nbsp; you from?" Just as Xiao Qiang was about&nbsp; to reply, a boy suddenly interrupted. The newcomer was Zou Kai. He greeted her&nbsp; confidently, clearly still pursuing Qin&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhaoyue relentlessly. But Qin Zhaoyue's attitude&nbsp; was very clear: "I have no feelings for you, and I&nbsp;&nbsp; won't be a fish in your pond." Her tone was crisp&nbsp; and decisive, leaving no room for sentimentality. Zou Kai, however, remained undeterred&nbsp; and continued his heartfelt confession,&nbsp;&nbsp; even uttering cheesy lines like "I'd&nbsp; give up the whole forest for you."&nbsp;&nbsp; No sooner had he finished speaking&nbsp; than Xiao Qiang, standing nearby,&nbsp;&nbsp; couldn't help but burst out laughing:&nbsp; "Sorry, I really couldn't help it." That smile completely ignited Zou Kai's anger.&nbsp; He coldly demanded, "Who are you?" The atmosphere&nbsp;&nbsp; instantly became tense. Qin Zhaoyue, watching&nbsp; this scene, flashed a sly glint in her eyes. The next second, Qin Zhaoyue suddenly walked&nbsp; to Xiao Qiang's side, took his arm, and said&nbsp;&nbsp; to Zou Kai with a smile, "Let me introduce you,&nbsp; this is my boyfriend. Don't bother me anymore."&nbsp;&nbsp; This tactic of using someone else to do her&nbsp; dirty work was used swiftly and decisively. Xiao Qiang was stunned for a moment, but&nbsp; quickly realized that she had clearly used&nbsp;&nbsp; him as a shield. Looking at Zou Kai's gloomy face,&nbsp;&nbsp; he felt helpless—it was truly a case&nbsp; of being caught in the crossfire. Zou Kai's face turned ashen, and he said in&nbsp; an unfriendly tone, "Kid, which college are&nbsp;&nbsp; you from? Don't you know she's one of my&nbsp; people?" Qin Zhaoyue retorted on the spot,&nbsp;&nbsp; her attitude even colder than before, and the&nbsp; tension between the two sides grew stronger. Xiao Qiang was also somewhat displeased,&nbsp; partly because Zou Kai was being aggressive,&nbsp;&nbsp; and partly because he felt he was being&nbsp; used as a tool by Qin Zhaoyue. On a whim,&nbsp;&nbsp; he decided to go with the&nbsp; flow and take the initiative. He pulled his arm away from Qin Zhaoyue's grasp,&nbsp;&nbsp; instead putting his arm around&nbsp; her shoulder and saying calmly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Look carefully, she's my girlfriend now."&nbsp; This action stunned everyone present. Before anyone could react, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; swiftly lowered his head and gently kissed&nbsp;&nbsp; Qin Zhaoyue's lips. The action was swift&nbsp; and decisive, yet utterly shocking. Qin&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhaoyue was completely stunned, never&nbsp; expecting things to develop this way. Zou Kai's face turned even uglier. In&nbsp; his eyes, this was a blatant humiliation.&nbsp;&nbsp; He sneered and turned his attack on&nbsp; money: "Can you afford to support her?&nbsp;&nbsp; How much pocket money can you give her&nbsp; a month, five hundred or a thousand?" Xiao Qiang, however, completely deviated from&nbsp; the expected approach, retorting directly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Why should I give her money? She's always&nbsp; been the one supporting me." As he spoke,&nbsp;&nbsp; he looked down at Qin Zhaoyue in his arms,&nbsp; his tone slightly teasing, "Right, darling?" Qin Zhaoyue was speechless. This guy was&nbsp; completely unpredictable. Usually, when a guy&nbsp;&nbsp; is told he's poor, he'll at least say something&nbsp; in response. But Xiao Qiang was different. He&nbsp;&nbsp; just said, "Women support me." Zou Kai was&nbsp; stunned at first, then burst into laughter:&nbsp;&nbsp; "You're a gigolo?" Xiao Qiang calmly replied,&nbsp; "So what if I'm a gigolo? It's more comforting." Upon hearing this, everyone around was stunned;&nbsp; it was the first time they'd heard such a twisted&nbsp;&nbsp; logic. Zou Kai turned to Qin Zhaoyue and scoffed,&nbsp; "This is the person you like?" Unexpectedly,&nbsp;&nbsp; Qin Zhaoyue nodded and said, "I like him just&nbsp; the way he is—humorous! Who says that when a man&nbsp;&nbsp; and woman are together, the man has to support&nbsp; the woman?" Her words left Zou Kai speechless. After struggling for a while, Zou Kai couldn't&nbsp; come up with a rebuttal. He angrily cursed "dog&nbsp;&nbsp; couple" and turned to leave. After he had gone&nbsp; some distance, Qin Zhaoyue frowned and reminded&nbsp;&nbsp; him, "Aren't you going to let go?" Xiao Qiang then&nbsp; realized what was happening and said with a smile,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Sorry, I just grabbed you without thinking."&nbsp; He then reluctantly withdrew his hand. Xiao Qiang then chimed in, "Beautiful&nbsp; Qin, you don't need to thank me too&nbsp;&nbsp; much for helping you out. Just treat me to&nbsp; a meal at the Yanda University cafeteria;&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll take this opportunity to check out&nbsp; the food beforehand." Upon hearing this,&nbsp;&nbsp; Qin Zhaoyue and Deng Lin were speechless;&nbsp; his shamelessness was outrageous. Qin Zhaoyue finally realized what was happening:&nbsp; "You're not a student at Peking University?" Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang answered frankly, "I'm a senior in high&nbsp; school, I haven't taken the college entrance exam&nbsp;&nbsp; yet." She was stunned. She had actually been taken&nbsp; advantage of by a high school student and even&nbsp;&nbsp; kissed by him. She felt both angry and helpless,&nbsp; thinking that this kid was incredibly bold. She couldn't help but ask, "What score did you&nbsp; get on the mock exam?" Xiao Qiang calmly replied,&nbsp;&nbsp; "550." Qin Zhaoyue continued to&nbsp; press, "Then do you know what&nbsp;&nbsp; the cutoff score for Yanda University&nbsp; is?" "660." She was even more puzzled,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Then where does your confidence come&nbsp; from?" Xiao Qiang smiled, "I can't say." Just as the atmosphere was getting a little&nbsp; awkward, Xiao Qiang suddenly added, "Senior,&nbsp;&nbsp; don't use the term 'little brother'&nbsp; carelessly. You've never met him,&nbsp;&nbsp; how do you know I'm small?" His words&nbsp; immediately silenced Qin Zhaoyue,&nbsp;&nbsp; who could only mentally complain&nbsp; that this guy was talking nonsense. Finally, Qin Zhaoyue treated Xiao Qiang to&nbsp; a meal in the cafeteria. Before parting,&nbsp;&nbsp; she smiled and said, "Junior, study hard,&nbsp; I'll be waiting for you at Peking University."&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang immediately&nbsp; replied, "If I really get in,&nbsp;&nbsp; will you be my girlfriend?" Qin Zhaoyue&nbsp; simply winked and said, "We'll see." Watching Qin Zhaoyue's departing&nbsp; figure, Xiao Qiang thought to himself,&nbsp;&nbsp; "It's not bad to marry a woman three years&nbsp; older than you." For the next two days,&nbsp;&nbsp; he went through the procedures for&nbsp; entering the auction while continuing&nbsp;&nbsp; to stroll around Panjiayuan, but he&nbsp; still didn't find any great bargains. On the morning of April 10th, the area outside&nbsp; the Yanjing State Guest Hotel was bustling&nbsp;&nbsp; with people, almost all of whom were industry&nbsp; insiders attending the auction. Zou Kai, however,&nbsp;&nbsp; looked reluctant. He had originally&nbsp; made plans with the school beauty,&nbsp;&nbsp; but his father had forcibly&nbsp; dragged him to the auction. Zou Sulong patiently explained that this auction&nbsp; was extremely large, attended by many big names&nbsp;&nbsp; in the antique world, and encouraged Zou Kai&nbsp; to take the opportunity to build connections.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although reluctant, Zou Kai agreed to go in.&nbsp; However, just as they reached the entrance,&nbsp;&nbsp; he suddenly said he had run into an acquaintance&nbsp; and would have to wait a while before entering. To reassure his father, Zou Kai even threatened to&nbsp; freeze all of his father's bank cards if he didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; go in. Only then did Zou Sulong enter first.&nbsp; Afterwards, Zou Kai turned to the ticket gate,&nbsp;&nbsp; pointed at Xiao Qiang, and said to the security&nbsp; guard, "This kind of gigolo, he gets in?" Security personnel confirmed the tickets were&nbsp; in order. Xiao Qiang remained calm throughout,&nbsp;&nbsp; while Zou Kai continued his sarcastic remarks:&nbsp; "What's so great about spending a woman's money?&nbsp;&nbsp; With me here today, you won't get a single photo."&nbsp; With that, he turned and entered the lobby. The auction hadn't officially started yet,&nbsp; and many people took the opportunity to&nbsp;&nbsp; network. Zou Kai was pulled around by&nbsp; his father to exchange pleasantries,&nbsp;&nbsp; while Xiao Qiang sat alone in his seat, calm&nbsp; and quietly waiting for the auction to begin. "Hey, Xiao Qiang?" A hesitant voice&nbsp; suddenly came from the back of the&nbsp;&nbsp; crowd. Xiao Qiang turned around and saw Qin&nbsp; Deyu. The man's face lit up with surprise,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he quickly walked over: "It&nbsp; really is you, Brother Qiang!" After exchanging a few pleasantries, Qin&nbsp; Deyu said with a smile, "Jade and antiques&nbsp;&nbsp; have something in common, so I've come to try&nbsp; my luck." Then, he pulled Xiao Qiang aside&nbsp;&nbsp; and introduced him to his connections: "Come&nbsp; on, let me introduce you to a few friends." Qin Deyu first pointed to a middle-aged man&nbsp; with a scholarly air: "This is Liang Youde,&nbsp;&nbsp; the president of the China Ancient Cultural&nbsp; Relics Collection Association." Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; calmly extended his hand: "Hello,&nbsp; President Liang." His demeanor was&nbsp;&nbsp; generous and appropriate, which made&nbsp; the people present nod in approval. Afterwards, Qin Deyu introduced several vice&nbsp; presidents and friends from the collecting&nbsp;&nbsp; circle. Just as everyone was talking,&nbsp; a host in a cheongsam took the stage,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the auction officially began,&nbsp; quickly warming up the atmosphere. The first item up for auction was a&nbsp; Qing Dynasty white jade snuff bottle,&nbsp;&nbsp; with a starting price of 80,000 yuan.&nbsp; The price rose all the way to 160,000&nbsp;&nbsp; yuan before it was sold. Xiao Qiang&nbsp; glanced at it with his Golden Eyes&nbsp;&nbsp; and found that its actual value was only&nbsp; 150,000 yuan, so he didn't make a move. The second and third items were&nbsp; auctioned off one after another,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the prices were still not high, leaving&nbsp; Xiao Qiang somewhat disappointed. It wasn't&nbsp;&nbsp; until the third item appeared—a yellow&nbsp; jade Pixiu ornament from the Qianlong&nbsp;&nbsp; period—that his eyes lit up slightly, and&nbsp; he decided to participate in the bidding. The starting bid was 4 million, and the bidding&nbsp; quickly rose to 5 million. Xiao Qiang knew that&nbsp;&nbsp; the item's true value was probably around&nbsp; 5.5 million. He remained silent until the&nbsp;&nbsp; price reached 5.8 million, at which point&nbsp; he suddenly raised his paddle: "6 million!" This shout immediately disrupted the bidding&nbsp; process, causing a stir in the room. Qin Deyu was&nbsp;&nbsp; also taken aback, after all, Liang Youde had just&nbsp; analyzed that this Pixiu wasn't worth the price.&nbsp;&nbsp; But Xiao Qiang seemed not to have heard, and&nbsp; continued to raise the price without hesitation. The price was quickly raised to 6.3 million,&nbsp; and Xiao Qiang raised his paddle again:&nbsp;&nbsp; "6.5 million!" The three buyers who were&nbsp; still competing all gave up. Just when it&nbsp;&nbsp; seemed the deal was about to be closed, someone&nbsp; in the back row suddenly shouted: "7 million!" Everyone turned around and saw that the person&nbsp; who made the bid was none other than Zou Kai,&nbsp;&nbsp; the young master of the Zou family. A buzz of&nbsp;&nbsp; discussion immediately broke out.&nbsp; Zou Kai, beaming with smugness,&nbsp;&nbsp; was completely unaware that everyone was&nbsp; now looking at him as if he were a sucker. Seeing this, Xiao Qiang's lips curled into a&nbsp; slight smile, and he added fuel to the fire:&nbsp;&nbsp; "8 million!" The entire room erupted instantly,&nbsp; everyone thinking the two had gone mad. Qin Deyu&nbsp;&nbsp; secretly shook his head, thinking that&nbsp; Xiao Qiang had just been lucky before. Xiao Qiang gave Zou Kai a provocative look,&nbsp; even flipping him the middle finger. Zou Kai&nbsp;&nbsp; was instantly enraged and raised&nbsp; his paddle without hesitation:&nbsp;&nbsp; "10 million!" A gasp rippled through the room. At that moment, Zou Sulong was furious and cursed&nbsp; Zou Kai in his mind. But Zou Kai was still smug,&nbsp;&nbsp; waiting for Xiao Qiang to raise the price&nbsp; again so that he could outbid him once more. However, Xiao Qiang simply flipped over the&nbsp; paddle and calmly chose to give up. Zou Kai&nbsp;&nbsp; instantly realized he'd been tricked,&nbsp; but it was too late. In the end, Zou Kai&nbsp;&nbsp; won the bid for the Pixiu, which was&nbsp; worth only around 5.5 million yuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; for 10 million yuan. Many people in the&nbsp; audience couldn't help but secretly laugh. On the other side, Zou Sulong was so&nbsp; angry he almost had a heart attack,&nbsp;&nbsp; and had to swallow several pills to calm down.&nbsp; He immediately made a phone call and roared,&nbsp;&nbsp; "If you dare to hold up a sign&nbsp; again, I'll suspend all your cards!" Holding his phone, Zou Kai&nbsp; said with a wronged expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; "They let me participate in the&nbsp; auction, but they won't let me&nbsp;&nbsp; bid. What am I here for?" Hearing this,&nbsp; everyone present couldn't help but laugh. After the Qianlong-era yellow jade pixiu,&nbsp; several porcelain pieces were put up for auction,&nbsp;&nbsp; but Xiao Qiang did not raise his paddle again.&nbsp; The reason was simple—the starting prices were&nbsp;&nbsp; too high. A Ming dynasty chicken cup started&nbsp; at 200 million yuan and eventually sold for 270&nbsp;&nbsp; million yuan; a Qing dynasty double-dragon&nbsp; belt hook also sold for 230 million yuan. The entire auction was of extremely high&nbsp; caliber, with prices frequently reaching&nbsp;&nbsp; hundreds of millions, which made Xiao Qiang&nbsp; suppress even the thought of making a bid. He&nbsp;&nbsp; knew very well that collectibles of this caliber&nbsp; offered too little return in the short term,&nbsp;&nbsp; and for someone with his Golden Eyes,&nbsp; the cost-effectiveness was not high. The next dozen or so items all sold for&nbsp; over 100 million. Xiao Qiang watched&nbsp;&nbsp; these incredibly expensive antiques with&nbsp; amusement, though he didn't participate,&nbsp;&nbsp; his horizons were broadened considerably,&nbsp; and he gained some knowledge. Just when Xiao Qiang thought the auction&nbsp; was going to be a disappointment,&nbsp;&nbsp; the host's words rekindled his interest.&nbsp; Next up was a private collection session,&nbsp;&nbsp; which included woodenware, calligraphy&nbsp; and paintings, and some less common items. The first item to be auctioned was a Buddhist&nbsp; monk's robe from the Republic of China era,&nbsp;&nbsp; with a starting bid of 100,000. Bids were&nbsp; quickly placed, and the price rose to 200,000.&nbsp;&nbsp; Only three people remained to compete, and&nbsp; the atmosphere was not particularly intense. At this moment, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; suddenly raised his paddle:&nbsp;&nbsp; "300,000." He immediately added 100,000. Seeing&nbsp; this, Qin Deyu couldn't help but laugh and said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "This kid has quite a few interests;&nbsp; he even has his eye on a cassock." After the price was pushed up to 350,000,&nbsp; Liang Youde on the sidelines said calmly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "350,000 is already the limit.&nbsp; Any higher and it won't have much&nbsp;&nbsp; collectible value." Qin Deyu nodded in agreement. As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; raised his paddle again: "500,000." This time,&nbsp;&nbsp; many people in the room were stunned. Qin Deyu&nbsp; also looked a little embarrassed. He had just&nbsp;&nbsp; praised Xiao Qiang for his good judgment, but now&nbsp; it seemed like he was making a mess of things. Zou Kai, sitting in the back row, sneered,&nbsp; "Spending 500,000 on a piece of shabby&nbsp;&nbsp; clothing? Have you lost your mind?" His&nbsp; tone was full of sarcasm. At this point,&nbsp;&nbsp; only one Buddhist collector&nbsp; remained, offering 550,000. Xiao Qiang raised the price again almost&nbsp; without hesitation: "700,000." This time,&nbsp;&nbsp; the room fell completely silent, followed by&nbsp; a flurry of murmurs. Some shook their heads,&nbsp;&nbsp; others laughed, clearly seeing him as a sucker. The Buddhist collector initially&nbsp; wanted to grit his teeth and continue,&nbsp;&nbsp; but seeing Xiao Qiang's reckless attitude,&nbsp; he ultimately chose to give up. He knew&nbsp;&nbsp; very well that there was no point in&nbsp; fighting this kind of person head-on. "700,000 once, 700,000 a second time,&nbsp;&nbsp; 700,000 a third time—sold!" With&nbsp; the sound of the gavel falling,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang finally won the cassock. He breathed a&nbsp; sigh of relief, ignoring the surrounding chatter. Xiao Qiang did not bid on any of the&nbsp; remaining items. All 52 lots in the&nbsp;&nbsp; auction were eventually sold, totaling over&nbsp; 1.8 billion yuan. The successful bidders then&nbsp;&nbsp; proceeded to complete the formalities&nbsp; and collect their respective items. In the collection area, everyone&nbsp; gathered together again. Zou Kai&nbsp;&nbsp; saw the cassock in Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; hand and couldn't help but mock,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Spending 700,000 on a tattered robe? You must&nbsp; be out of your mind." Xiao Qiang retorted calmly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's still better than someone spending&nbsp; 10 million on a 5 million Pixiu." This&nbsp;&nbsp; sentence hit the nail on the head, and Zou Kai&nbsp; instantly bristled, making the scene awkward. Zou Sulong quickly stopped his son and&nbsp; said coldly to Xiao Qiang, "Young man,&nbsp;&nbsp; being too arrogant is not a&nbsp; good thing." Xiao Qiang nodded,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Indeed." But his gaze was fixed on&nbsp; Zou Kai, and his meaning was clear. Qin Deyu then walked over, trying to ease the&nbsp; tension: "Young man, how much do you think this&nbsp;&nbsp; cassock is worth?" Xiao Qiang thought for a moment&nbsp; and said, "About three or four hundred thousand." Upon hearing this, Qin Deyu and&nbsp; Liang Youde were both stunned:&nbsp;&nbsp; "If that's the case, why did you spend&nbsp; 700,000 to buy it?" People around them&nbsp;&nbsp; also gathered around, all waiting to&nbsp; see Xiao Qiang make a fool of himself. Zou Kai couldn't help but interject,&nbsp;&nbsp; "They're just rich and stupid!" A burst of&nbsp; snickers immediately followed. Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; however, remained calm and thought for a moment&nbsp; before speaking slowly. "This robe itself isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; worth much," Xiao Qiang said calmly, "but&nbsp; what's inside the robe is worth a fortune." "There's something else inside the cassock?" Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's question instantly silenced the crowd,&nbsp;&nbsp; leaving everyone bewildered. Zou&nbsp; Kai seized the opportunity to sneer,&nbsp;&nbsp; "What else could be inside the cassock besides&nbsp; cotton? What a charade!" But Qin Deyu and Liang&nbsp;&nbsp; Youde's expressions turned serious; they had&nbsp; a feeling that this matter was not so simple. Xiao Qiang's demeanor was too composed;&nbsp; he clearly wasn't talking nonsense. Since&nbsp;&nbsp; he knew the robe itself wasn't valuable, yet&nbsp; he specifically emphasized "what's inside,"&nbsp;&nbsp; it meant the key wasn't in the outer layer of&nbsp; the robe. The two experts stared at the robe,&nbsp;&nbsp; a question simultaneously arising in their&nbsp; minds—what exactly was hidden inside? Xiao Qiang didn't keep them in suspense any longer&nbsp; and directly asked a staff member for scissors.&nbsp;&nbsp; Under everyone's watchful eyes, he spread&nbsp; the robe on the table and began to unravel&nbsp;&nbsp; it little by little, starting from the seams.&nbsp; The entire process lasted a full half hour,&nbsp;&nbsp; but no one left the scene; everyone held&nbsp; their breath, waiting for the final result. As the last piece of thread was removed,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang put down the scissors,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the atmosphere instantly&nbsp; tensed. "Uncle Qin, Uncle Liang,&nbsp;&nbsp; please help us." The three of them each grabbed&nbsp; a corner and simultaneously lifted their robes. The next second, a dazzling&nbsp; golden light suddenly burst forth,&nbsp;&nbsp; causing everyone to instinctively squint.&nbsp; After their eyes adjusted, they saw a golden&nbsp;&nbsp; silk garment lying quietly inside, its&nbsp; luster soft yet its aura extraordinary. Liang Youde was stunned on the&nbsp; spot, his voice trembling slightly:&nbsp;&nbsp; "There really is something..." He&nbsp; leaned closer to examine it carefully,&nbsp;&nbsp; but couldn't determine its specific origin&nbsp; for the time being, so he could only look up&nbsp;&nbsp; at Xiao Qiang. Xiao Qiang shook his head:&nbsp; "Please have Chairman Liang appraise it." Liang Youde took the magnifying glass&nbsp; and examined the silk fabric repeatedly,&nbsp;&nbsp; his expression shifting from anticipation to&nbsp; surprise, and finally to shock. "It's it...it&nbsp;&nbsp; really is it!" Everyone was anxious,&nbsp; but he hesitated to give the answer. "This is the burial quilt of Emperor Qianlong&nbsp; of the Qing Dynasty, its professional name&nbsp;&nbsp; is—Qianlong Kesi Dharani Sutra Quilt!" The&nbsp; moment these words were spoken, the entire&nbsp;&nbsp; audience erupted in uproar. Zou Kai, however,&nbsp; scoffed, "Isn't it just a quilt for the dead?" Liang Youde ignored him and continued explaining.&nbsp; This type of sutra cover was reserved for the&nbsp;&nbsp; imperial family during the Qing Dynasty, and&nbsp; the bright yellow color was exclusively reserved&nbsp;&nbsp; for the emperor. The size of the one before&nbsp; them perfectly matched historical records,&nbsp;&nbsp; so it could be basically confirmed that it was&nbsp; the item used at Emperor Qianlong's burial. Then, Liang Youde talked about the source&nbsp; of its value: the materials used are Tibetan&nbsp;&nbsp; antelope wool and deer wool, which requires&nbsp; tens of thousands of Tibetan antelopes; the&nbsp;&nbsp; craftsmanship is the long-lost double-sided kesi&nbsp; weaving, and it takes at least several years of&nbsp;&nbsp; work to make one piece, truly deserving the name&nbsp; of "an inch of gold for an inch of craftsmanship". Someone couldn't help but interrupt, "Just tell&nbsp; us how much it's worth!" Liang Youde then gave&nbsp;&nbsp; an example: similar sutra blankets worn by Empress&nbsp; Dowager Cixi were estimated at between 80 million&nbsp;&nbsp; and 120 million yuan, while the craftsmanship&nbsp; of this one was clearly superior. Liang Youde&nbsp;&nbsp; solemnly concluded, "This Qianlong sutra&nbsp; blanket is reasonably valued at between 150&nbsp;&nbsp; million and 180 million yuan." The audience&nbsp; erupted in gasps of amazement once again. Xiao Qiang nodded silently; this price&nbsp; was almost identical to the 170 million&nbsp;&nbsp; offered by Golden Eyes. Qin Deyu was&nbsp; utterly speechless—Xiao Qiang had just&nbsp;&nbsp; earned 60 million a few days ago, and now he&nbsp; had found a treasure worth over 100 million. "His luck is just too outrageous..." Everyone&nbsp; around him was so envious it was almost sour.&nbsp;&nbsp; Those who had been mocking Xiao Qiang&nbsp; just moments before were now all silent,&nbsp;&nbsp; feeling a burning pain on their faces. After listening to Liang Youde's explanation,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang couldn't help but admire him.&nbsp; Professionals were indeed different;&nbsp;&nbsp; they could point out so much detail with just&nbsp; a glance. He himself could only be considered&nbsp;&nbsp; half-knowledgeable, knowing only that the&nbsp; item was valuable but unable to explain why. Xiao Qiang smiled and thanked him, "Thank you&nbsp; for your guidance, Uncle Liang." His manners&nbsp;&nbsp; were impeccable. Liang Youde, however, was&nbsp; even more excited: "I should be thanking you.&nbsp;&nbsp; Not everyone has the chance to see a&nbsp; treasure of this caliber in person." Changing the subject, Liang Youde tentatively&nbsp; asked, "So, are you planning to keep this item&nbsp;&nbsp; for yourself, or sell it?" Xiao Qiang naturally&nbsp; understood what he meant. He was more eager to&nbsp;&nbsp; complete the system task right now, so&nbsp; the matter of collecting it had to wait. So Xiao Qiang said directly, "I'm here to find&nbsp; a bargain; it's inconvenient to keep this. If&nbsp;&nbsp; the price is right, I can sell it." He said it&nbsp; concisely and gave the other party plenty of face. Liang Youde was secretly delighted&nbsp; and immediately made a bid: "Then I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; offer 175 million." After saying that, he stared&nbsp; intently at Xiao Qiang's reaction. Unexpectedly,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang simply smiled slightly and&nbsp; shook his head. The people around him&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately started discussing, all&nbsp; thinking that he was too greedy. Just when everyone thought Xiao Qiang&nbsp; was going to raise the price again,&nbsp;&nbsp; he calmly said, "170 million&nbsp; will do." Everyone was stunned;&nbsp;&nbsp; no one expected someone to voluntarily&nbsp; lower the price and close the deal. A glint flashed in Liang Youde's eyes,&nbsp; and he instantly understood Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; intention. This wasn't just about doing business;&nbsp;&nbsp; it was about building connections. His&nbsp; opinion of the young man rose to a new level. The deal was quickly finalized. Ten minutes&nbsp; later, a text message arrived confirming the&nbsp;&nbsp; receipt of 170 million yuan. After confirming&nbsp; receipt, Xiao Qiang thanked Liang Youde&nbsp;&nbsp; again. Liang Youde was also in high spirits,&nbsp; repeatedly praising the deal as worthwhile. Qin Deyu, standing to the side, felt somewhat&nbsp; embarrassed. He had just misunderstood Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang as greedy, but now it seemed he&nbsp; himself lacked foresight. Afterwards,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liang Youde took the initiative to&nbsp; exchange contact information with&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang. He naturally didn't want to miss&nbsp; out on a promising talent like Xiao Qiang. After the matter was over, Liang Youde originally&nbsp; wanted to invite Xiao Qiang to visit his private&nbsp;&nbsp; museum, but Xiao Qiang declined, saying, "I&nbsp; took leave to come here. I have to go back&nbsp;&nbsp; for the college entrance examination soon. I will&nbsp; visit you again when I come to study in Yanjing." Upon hearing this, both of them were&nbsp; stunned. A high school student earning&nbsp;&nbsp; hundreds of millions in just a few&nbsp; days—it sounded like a fairy tale,&nbsp;&nbsp; yet they had witnessed the&nbsp; entire process firsthand. After leaving the auction, Xiao Qiang took a&nbsp; taxi back to his hotel. Watching him leave,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liang Youde remarked, "That kid's something&nbsp; else." Qin Deyu nodded in response, "Ambition&nbsp;&nbsp; knows no age." The two exchanged a smile and&nbsp; then agreed to go out for drinks to celebrate. Xiao Qiang wasn't in a hurry to go back that&nbsp; day; he planned to return to school the next&nbsp;&nbsp; day. He simply took a stroll around&nbsp; Beijing, visiting the Forbidden City&nbsp;&nbsp; and Qianmen Street, and didn't return&nbsp; to his hotel to rest until evening. Just as Xiao Qiang finished showering and was&nbsp; getting ready for bed, the room phone rang.&nbsp;&nbsp; He answered, and a sweet, cloying female voice&nbsp; came through: "Handsome, need a massage?" Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang thought for a moment, deciding it was a good&nbsp; opportunity to relax, and ordered a Thai massage. Not long after, a well-built masseuse&nbsp; arrived, jokingly calling him young.&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang casually responded, and the two&nbsp; quickly got into the mood. But his question,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Which head?" immediately made&nbsp; the atmosphere a little awkward. The other person paused for a moment, and&nbsp; Xiao Qiang realized he had let something slip,&nbsp;&nbsp; so he could only awkwardly correct himself.&nbsp; Fortunately, the masseuse was experienced and&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly recovered, beginning to massage&nbsp; him attentively. It must be said that&nbsp;&nbsp; the masseuse's technique was indeed&nbsp; professional, and the close-up visual&nbsp;&nbsp; impact made Xiao Qiang somewhat distracted&nbsp; while enjoying the massage. Seeing this,&nbsp;&nbsp; the masseuse thoughtfully suggested&nbsp; changing to a more comfortable position. Xiao Qiang exchanged a couple&nbsp; of perfunctory polite words, but&nbsp;&nbsp; ultimately lay down on the other woman's lap and&nbsp; completely relaxed. While enjoying the massage,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang commented without restraint, "Beautiful&nbsp; lady, your legs are so white and soft!" Despite&nbsp;&nbsp; having the body of an eighteen-year-old, he&nbsp; possessed the soul of a thirty-something,&nbsp;&nbsp; so his words were naturally uninhibited. The&nbsp; young woman blushed on the spot; she had only&nbsp;&nbsp; been unguarded because of his young age, but&nbsp; she hadn't expected him to dare to say anything. Xiao Qiang, still not backing down, added,&nbsp; "Whoever marries you in the future will save&nbsp;&nbsp; money." The young woman was taken aback and&nbsp; couldn't help but ask why. Xiao Qiang replied&nbsp;&nbsp; seriously, "You'll definitely have plenty&nbsp; of breast milk in the future." After he&nbsp;&nbsp; finished speaking, she paused for a few&nbsp; seconds before realizing what he meant,&nbsp;&nbsp; her face instantly turning red, and the&nbsp; atmosphere became even more awkward. The massage continued, and the masseuse&nbsp; asked Xiao Qiang to lie on his side. As&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang turned his head, he saw something he&nbsp; shouldn't have, and was immediately startled.&nbsp;&nbsp; He quickly closed his eyes, thinking to&nbsp; himself, "This is too bold." He could&nbsp;&nbsp; only forcefully suppress his emotions to&nbsp; avoid embarrassing himself on the spot. Forty minutes later, the massage ended. Xiao&nbsp; Qiang looked satisfied, and the young woman&nbsp;&nbsp; seemed quite pleased, even offering her contact&nbsp; information. After a few brief pleasantries,&nbsp;&nbsp; she left the room. That night, however,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang had a series of vivid dreams. When Xiao Qiang woke up the next day, it was&nbsp; already evening. Xiao Qiang returned to the&nbsp;&nbsp; classroom, and Yang Bin deliberately moved to sit&nbsp; next to him. As soon as evening self-study began,&nbsp;&nbsp; Yang Bin couldn't help but ask, "How much&nbsp; did you earn?" Xiao Qiang replied casually,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Over two hundred million." Yang Bin rolled&nbsp; his eyes, clearly not believing him at all. The two studied separately; Yang Bin did practice&nbsp; problems, while Xiao Qiang quickly flipped through&nbsp;&nbsp; the book, "scanning" the text. Not long after,&nbsp; Li Shuping came to Yang Bin with a physics&nbsp;&nbsp; problem for help. Facing his sweetheart, Yang Bin&nbsp; immediately perked up, but after calculating for&nbsp;&nbsp; a long time, he couldn't get a solution,&nbsp; and sweat began to bead on his forehead. After waiting for ten minutes, Li&nbsp; Shuping felt a little embarrassed&nbsp;&nbsp; and had to leave. Yang Bin looked awkward,&nbsp; and Xiao Qiang teased him from the side,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You failed to save the damsel in&nbsp; distress? Want me to help you?" Although&nbsp;&nbsp; Yang Bin didn't take it seriously,&nbsp; he still handed over the question. Unexpectedly, Xiao Qiang wrote out the complete&nbsp; solution process just two minutes later. Yang&nbsp;&nbsp; Bin was shocked on the spot: "Are you trying&nbsp; to surpass me?" Xiao Qiang replied calmly:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Not secretly, but openly." His&nbsp; words left Yang Bin speechless. After evening self-study ended, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang was about to leave when he heard&nbsp;&nbsp; Yang Bin bragging that he already&nbsp; knew how to solve that problem.&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang laughed and thought to himself&nbsp; that this was what youth should be like. Late at night, Xiao Qiang was having a&nbsp; sweet dream when a system notification&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly popped into his mind: Reward&nbsp; received: Global stock market data for&nbsp;&nbsp; the next year. His dream was interrupted, and&nbsp; he couldn't help but mutter a few complaints,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he was quickly drawn in by the reward,&nbsp; becoming more and more excited as he read on. Xiao Qiang didn't fall asleep&nbsp; until 4 a.m. The next day in class,&nbsp;&nbsp; his mind was filled with thoughts of the&nbsp; stock market, and he began to think about&nbsp;&nbsp; his next move. Ultimately, he decided to&nbsp; find someone to help him execute his plan. At noon, Xiao Qiang arranged to meet Li Muyao.&nbsp; In a private room at the hot pot restaurant,&nbsp;&nbsp; he got straight to the point: "I want you to work&nbsp; for me." "Oh? You're just a high school student,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you want me to work for you?" Li Muyao&nbsp; didn't immediately agree, but asked with a&nbsp;&nbsp; hint of amusement. Xiao Qiang didn't beat around&nbsp; the bush, saying directly, "My time is restricted&nbsp;&nbsp; by the school, so you'll have to handle the&nbsp; specifics. What I need to do now is trade stocks." Li Muyao's expression turned serious: "I'll&nbsp; be officially hired next month and become&nbsp;&nbsp; a full-time employee of Guangdong&nbsp; Development Bank." This stable job&nbsp;&nbsp; is important to many people. Xiao Qiang nodded&nbsp; in understanding, but then changed the subject:&nbsp;&nbsp; "But is three to five thousand yuan&nbsp; a month really the life you want?" These words silenced Li Muyao.&nbsp; She suddenly realized that all&nbsp;&nbsp; her hard work graduating from&nbsp; a 211 university was just for&nbsp;&nbsp; a stable but mundane life? That kind&nbsp; of predictable future made her waver. Seeing that the time was right, Xiao Qiang said&nbsp; firmly, "Work with me, and I'll make you earn more&nbsp;&nbsp; in a year than most people earn in a lifetime,&nbsp; and help you reach a higher position." These words&nbsp;&nbsp; were incredibly impactful, instantly stirring&nbsp; up waves in Li Muyao's previously calm heart. Two lives seemed to float through&nbsp; her mind: one stable but ordinary,&nbsp;&nbsp; the other unknown but full of possibilities. After&nbsp; a brief hesitation, her eyes gradually cleared,&nbsp;&nbsp; and she said softly, "I'll go back and hand&nbsp; over my work. I'll contact you this afternoon." After the matter was settled, the atmosphere&nbsp; relaxed considerably. Xiao Qiang kept putting&nbsp;&nbsp; food on her plate, and Li Muyao laughed and&nbsp; complained, "Stop putting food on my plate,&nbsp;&nbsp; I really can't finish it." Xiao Qiang joked, "Eat&nbsp; more so you'll have the strength to work hard."&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Muyao pretended to regret it, "Is it&nbsp; too late to get off the ship now?" Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang replied directly, "Once you're on the&nbsp; ship, don't even think about running away." After the meal, Xiao Qiang handed Li Muyao&nbsp; a bank card. Li Muyao was taken aback: "What&nbsp;&nbsp; does this mean?" Xiao Qiang said calmly: "There&nbsp; is one million in it. Buy an apartment across&nbsp;&nbsp; from the school to use as a temporary studio.&nbsp; Get a computer and internet connection too." Li Muyao was even more shocked: "You don't&nbsp; need this much to buy a house." Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; casually said, "Consider the extra as an early&nbsp; salary payment." She shook her head helplessly&nbsp;&nbsp; and could only put it away temporarily, but&nbsp; she was deeply touched by his decisiveness. She suddenly smiled and asked, "Aren't you afraid&nbsp; I'll run away with the money?" Xiao Qiang answered&nbsp;&nbsp; decisively, "Trust those you employ." This&nbsp; unwavering trust completely put Li Muyao at ease. After arranging everything, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang returned to school. In class,&nbsp;&nbsp; he filled his papers with numerical codes.&nbsp; These things were meaningless to others,&nbsp;&nbsp; but to him, they were the&nbsp; key to controlling wealth. At four o'clock in the afternoon, Li Muyao sent a&nbsp; message: The house has been bought, 250,000 yuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; 125 square meters. Xiao Qiang couldn't help&nbsp; but sigh, such a price would be unthinkable&nbsp;&nbsp; in later generations. At the same time, he was&nbsp; even more impressed with Li Muyao's efficiency. In the evening, Xiao Qiang arrived at&nbsp; the Shulin Family Mansion to check on&nbsp;&nbsp; the results. The living room had been set up&nbsp; as a simple studio, and all the equipment was&nbsp;&nbsp; in place. Li Muyao said with a hint of pride,&nbsp; "I finished it in one afternoon." Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; nodded and suggested that she simply move in,&nbsp; and she agreed to move in in a couple of days. After the two sat down, Xiao Qiang began to&nbsp; arrange the operation: "Tomorrow, during the&nbsp;&nbsp; opening auction, buy Pingcheng Coal Industry below&nbsp; 11.6; pay attention to Zhengda Real Estate at 2&nbsp;&nbsp; PM, and enter the market below 8.5. There is&nbsp; only one principle - buy as much as you can." Li Muyao was stunned after hearing this;&nbsp; the operation was so simple it required&nbsp;&nbsp; almost no thought. She couldn't help but&nbsp; ask, "How much money are you planning to&nbsp;&nbsp; invest?" Xiao Qiang casually uttered&nbsp; a number: "Four hundred million." This completely stunned Li Muyao. She had&nbsp; originally thought it was just a few million to&nbsp;&nbsp; test the waters, but she hadn't expected it to be&nbsp; hundreds of millions. She said somewhat uneasily,&nbsp;&nbsp; "With such a large amount of money, I'm afraid&nbsp; I won't do a good job." Xiao Qiang, however,&nbsp;&nbsp; remained calm: "Do as I say, and I&nbsp; won't blame you if you lose money." Li Muyao took a deep breath and finally nodded&nbsp; in agreement. The thought of managing hundreds&nbsp;&nbsp; of millions the next day filled her&nbsp; with an unprecedented sense of pride.&nbsp;&nbsp; The two stood very close, the air filled&nbsp; with Li Muyao's faint fragrance. Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang couldn't help but whisper,&nbsp; "Muyao, you smell really good." They were just discussing a deal worth hundreds&nbsp; of millions, but the conversation suddenly shifted&nbsp;&nbsp; to the scent on a woman's body, making the&nbsp; atmosphere awkward. Li Muyao felt a little&nbsp;&nbsp; uncomfortable and explained softly,&nbsp; "It's probably the smell of shampoo." Xiao Qiang chuckled and said, "I&nbsp; thought it was her natural scent."&nbsp;&nbsp; The faint fragrance reminded him of the&nbsp; intimate moment when he saved her. Li Muyao&nbsp;&nbsp; blushed slightly under his gaze and quickly&nbsp; turned her head away to avoid his stare. The two chatted casually for a few more minutes&nbsp; before Xiao Qiang returned to school. That night,&nbsp;&nbsp; as he slept soundly, a system&nbsp; notification suddenly sounded:&nbsp;&nbsp; [Create 200 jobs for society, within 4 months.&nbsp; Successfully unlocks the time-travel function;&nbsp;&nbsp; failure will shorten your body by 5 centimeters.] This notification startled Xiao Qiang awake. The&nbsp; last image in his dream was of the "dog system"&nbsp;&nbsp; frantically gnawing on something strange. He&nbsp; hurriedly touched himself, only breathing a sigh&nbsp;&nbsp; of relief after confirming he was alright,&nbsp; but he was still filled with displeasure. Xiao Qiang couldn't help but complain, was&nbsp; he going to be forced to work himself to the&nbsp;&nbsp; bone by the system for the rest of his life?&nbsp; However, the "possession system time travel&nbsp;&nbsp; function" also puzzled him, and he could&nbsp; only find out after completing the mission. After venting his frustrations, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; had to seriously consider the matter of the&nbsp;&nbsp; two hundred job openings. The next morning, he&nbsp; went to the classroom as usual, while Li Muyao,&nbsp;&nbsp; on the other side, had already begun&nbsp; operating the stock account he had given her. Seeing the astonishing balance in her&nbsp; account, Li Muyao still felt somewhat&nbsp;&nbsp; unreal. Before the market opened, she&nbsp; had done some research on Pingcheng Coal&nbsp;&nbsp; Industry and found that the company had&nbsp; a market value of over 80 billion yuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; but its stock performance was mediocre,&nbsp; with no particularly outstanding highlights. At 9:25, Li Muyao placed a buy order for 10,000&nbsp; lots at 11.53 yuan, which was quickly executed.&nbsp;&nbsp; After the market opened at 9:30, the&nbsp; stock price suddenly dropped by 4%,&nbsp;&nbsp; which startled her, but she always remembered&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's words: "Buy anything below 11.6." She quickly placed multiple buy&nbsp; orders within a 5% to 7% price range,&nbsp;&nbsp; totaling nearly 250 million yuan. Within minutes,&nbsp;&nbsp; the order notifications were almost constant,&nbsp; demonstrating extremely high trading intensity. Five minutes later, the selling&nbsp; pressure gradually weakened,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the stock price fluctuated around -5.7.&nbsp; Around noon, Li Muyao completed another 50&nbsp;&nbsp; million yuan in transactions. By the morning&nbsp; close, she had invested 300 million yuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; with a cost basis of 11.31 yuan, and&nbsp; had even made a small profit of 1.5%. She called Xiao Qiang to report,&nbsp; her voice filled with excitement:&nbsp;&nbsp; "I made over four million." Xiao&nbsp; Qiang was also somewhat surprised;&nbsp;&nbsp; it was truly remarkable that such a large&nbsp; sum of money could be controlled so steadily. After the market opened in the afternoon,&nbsp; the stock price continued to trade sideways,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Li Muyao added another 30 million yuan to&nbsp; her position. However, as it approached 2 p.m.,&nbsp;&nbsp; only a portion of the orders were executed,&nbsp; so she decisively cancelled the order,&nbsp;&nbsp; reserving 100 million yuan for her next move. Just then, Zhengda Real Estate suddenly&nbsp; reversed its upward trend and plummeted.&nbsp;&nbsp; After a huge sell order was placed,&nbsp; the stock price instantly collapsed,&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly approaching the key price&nbsp; level of 8.5 yuan given by Xiao Qiang. Li Muyao kept an eye on the market,&nbsp; not rushing to make a move. Only when&nbsp;&nbsp; the decline continued to widen and the&nbsp; trading volume increased significantly&nbsp;&nbsp; did she decisively place a buy order for&nbsp; 100 million at the limit-down price. Soon,&nbsp;&nbsp; the stock was locked at the limit-down&nbsp; price, and her order was quickly filled. A moment of hesitation flashed&nbsp; through Li Muyao's mind:&nbsp;&nbsp; What if it continues to hit the daily&nbsp; limit down tomorrow? But in the end,&nbsp;&nbsp; she chose to trust Xiao Qiang's judgment, and all&nbsp; 410 million yuan was used to build a position. After the intense work session, Li&nbsp; Muyao's fingers were trembling slightly,&nbsp;&nbsp; unsure whether it was from tension or&nbsp; exhaustion. Meanwhile, Xiao Qiang had&nbsp;&nbsp; just woken up and was leisurely walking&nbsp; towards the classroom with his roommate. After finishing all her tasks,&nbsp; Li Muyao made herself a cup of&nbsp;&nbsp; coffee and rested briefly in her new&nbsp; apartment. She changed into a fitted&nbsp;&nbsp; dress that accentuated her figure,&nbsp; giving her an air of languid allure. After a brief relaxation, she changed&nbsp; into her workout clothes and began&nbsp;&nbsp; exercising. Half an hour later, she was&nbsp; slightly sweaty, her cheeks flushed,&nbsp;&nbsp; and she looked even more beautiful. After tidying&nbsp; up, she subconsciously returned to her computer.&nbsp;&nbsp; The moment Li Muyao reopened her stock account&nbsp; and saw the balance, she was instantly stunned. “455110000.” Li Muyao stared at the account&nbsp; balance, thinking she was seeing things. But&nbsp;&nbsp; after repeatedly checking, she realized that&nbsp; the funds had indeed reached 455.11 million,&nbsp;&nbsp; a profit of 45.11 million in one day, which&nbsp; was much more than before the market opened. After careful review, she realized that&nbsp; Pingcheng Coal Industry was strongly boosted&nbsp;&nbsp; by funds at the end of the trading day, with&nbsp; a single stock profit of 25.11 million yuan;&nbsp;&nbsp; while Zhengda Real Estate was even more ruthless,&nbsp; going from the limit down to the limit up, making&nbsp;&nbsp; a "ground to sky" play, and directly earning 20&nbsp; million yuan from that 100 million yuan position. Unable to contain her excitement, Li Muyao&nbsp; immediately sent a text message on her Nokia:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, account fully invested,&nbsp; profit of 45.11 million today." Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang, who was in the classroom, almost&nbsp; shouted out loud when he saw the message. "Xiao Qiang, what's wrong?" The homeroom&nbsp; teacher immediately noticed something&nbsp;&nbsp; was wrong. "My stomach hurts, I'm&nbsp; going to the school clinic!" Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang said and ran off. As soon as&nbsp; he stepped out of the classroom,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang texted back: "I'm coming right&nbsp; away." Then he ran as fast as he could. Ten minutes later, Xiao Qiang rushed into the&nbsp; Shulin family's house. Water was running loudly&nbsp;&nbsp; in the bathroom. He had just sat down when&nbsp; he saw yoga pants and underwear scattered&nbsp;&nbsp; on the sofa. "Purple lace..." Xiao Qiang was&nbsp; stunned; images instantly flooded his mind. He was about to help tidy up when the&nbsp; bathroom door suddenly opened. "Ah—"&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Muyao exclaimed in surprise, then&nbsp; quickly shrank back inside. "Xiaoqiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; what are you doing with my underwear?" she peeked&nbsp; out from the crack in the door, her face flushed. Xiao Qiang then realized he was&nbsp; holding the undergarment in his hand,&nbsp;&nbsp; and immediately became incoherent:&nbsp; "I...I'll help you tidy it up,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's too messy!" "Put it down, I'll do it&nbsp; myself, you go to the computer first." "Okay." Xiao Qiang sat down at the computer, but couldn't&nbsp; focus on the account at all; his mind was filled&nbsp;&nbsp; with the scene from earlier. Meanwhile, Li&nbsp; Muyao in the bathroom was even more embarrassed.&nbsp;&nbsp; She had just showered but hadn't brought any&nbsp; changes of clothes, leaving her in a dilemma. A few minutes later, Li Muyao whispered,&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, bring me the clothes from&nbsp;&nbsp; the bed." Xiao Qiang did as she asked and&nbsp; handed over the clothes. A fair arm reached&nbsp;&nbsp; out from inside the door to take them,&nbsp; making the atmosphere even more subtle. After a while, Li Muyao finished&nbsp; tidying up and came out. She&nbsp;&nbsp; first took away the clothes on the sofa&nbsp; before sitting down next to Xiao Qiang.&nbsp;&nbsp; A faint fragrance still lingered in the air,&nbsp; making people feel somewhat uncomfortable. Xiao Qiang quickly changed the subject: "Your&nbsp; operation was amazing, you even managed to&nbsp;&nbsp; catch Zhengda Real Estate at its lowest&nbsp; point." Li Muyao was a little embarrassed:&nbsp;&nbsp; "If you hadn't given me confidence, I&nbsp; wouldn't have dared to make a move." Xiao Qiang nodded: "No trading for&nbsp; now. We'll clear out our positions&nbsp;&nbsp; next Tuesday. Consider these few days a&nbsp; holiday." Li Muyao deliberately chided,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You're taking a holiday right after starting&nbsp; work? Won't you get your salary docked?" "We&nbsp;&nbsp; trade when the market is good, and we rest when&nbsp; it's not," Xiao Qiang said matter-of-factly.&nbsp;&nbsp; After the atmosphere eased slightly, the&nbsp; two fell into an awkward silence again. Xiao Qiang couldn't help but explain, "I was&nbsp; really just helping you tidy up, I wasn't doing&nbsp;&nbsp; anything else." "Anything else? Like what?"&nbsp; Li Muyao deliberately pressed for an answer.&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang realized halfway through&nbsp; his sentence that she had teased him,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he was speechless. "You&nbsp; dare to flirt with the boss?&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll dock your pay!" The two exchanged a&nbsp; smile, and the atmosphere finally eased. Back at school, Xiao Qiang had barely sat&nbsp; down when his homeroom teacher, Deng Xiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; called him into his office. "Your stomach&nbsp; doesn't hurt anymore?" "It's better after&nbsp;&nbsp; taking medicine." Deng Xiang laughed, "But I just&nbsp; went to the infirmary, and it wasn't even open." Xiao Qiang's heart sank, knowing he had been&nbsp; seen through. He could only honestly confess,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Teacher, I was wrong. I just went out to take&nbsp; care of some business." Deng Xiang said smugly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You confessed so easily? I thought&nbsp; you could hold out a little longer." In Deng Xiang's eyes, Xiao Qiang had always been&nbsp; a promising student who consistently ranked among&nbsp;&nbsp; the top three in the class. Seeing that he took&nbsp; the initiative to admit his mistake, Deng Xiang&nbsp;&nbsp; didn't say anything more. Instead, he earnestly&nbsp; reminded him that his current grades were only&nbsp;&nbsp; around seventy in the grade, which was still far&nbsp; from the first-tier university admission line. Deng Xiang bluntly stated that Yang Bin, the&nbsp; top student in the class, had only ever ranked&nbsp;&nbsp; 51st in the entire grade, highlighting the&nbsp; limitations of their overall foundation.&nbsp;&nbsp; He cautioned Xiao Qiang against complacency,&nbsp; emphasizing the need for continued hard work,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially since the city-wide mock exam&nbsp; was in two days, making the results crucial. But Xiao Qiang seemed not to have listened,&nbsp; and instead asked with a smile, "Teacher Deng,&nbsp;&nbsp; if I get first place in the class, will there&nbsp; be a reward ?" This question stunned Deng&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiang. It was the first time he had ever seen a&nbsp; student take the initiative to make a request. But Deng Xiang was straightforward: "You&nbsp; say it." Xiao Qiang immediately said:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Then you sing 'Mice Love Rice' in class." This&nbsp; song was very popular, but Deng Xiang had refused&nbsp;&nbsp; to sing for three years, which was obviously&nbsp; a deliberate attempt to "stir things up." Deng Xiang gave a wry smile and agreed anyway.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just as he was about to add another&nbsp; condition, Xiao Qiang pressed on:&nbsp;&nbsp; "What if I get into the top thirty in the&nbsp; grade?" The atmosphere immediately changed. Deng Xiang bluntly declared, "If you&nbsp; can really make it into the top 30,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can do whatever you want at school! If&nbsp; I back out, I'll sing 'Conquer' during the&nbsp;&nbsp; school's flag-raising ceremony!" He clearly didn't&nbsp; believe that the gap could be easily bridged. Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang immediately&nbsp; perked up and turned to shout into the office,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Teachers, please be my witnesses!" This&nbsp; shout startled all twenty-odd teachers,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the office instantly became lively. Xiao Qiang recited the bet in front of everyone,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the teachers laughed and cheered&nbsp; him on as witnesses. Deng Xiang blushed;&nbsp;&nbsp; if he really messed up, he would become&nbsp; the laughing stock in the office. After Xiao Qiang left, the other teachers&nbsp; were still joking, saying that the student&nbsp;&nbsp; was ambitious. But Deng Xiang was really&nbsp; worried. What if Xiao Qiang really didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; pass the exam? He would be too embarrassed to&nbsp; hold his head up in the office in the future. Over the next few days, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang went into full sprint&nbsp;&nbsp; mode. With the stock market stagnant,&nbsp; he focused all his energy on studying,&nbsp;&nbsp; even skipping lunch to make the most&nbsp; of every moment to cram for exams. The night before the exam, an uninvited guest&nbsp; arrived at the cafeteria. Meng Xiaohui walked&nbsp;&nbsp; over with an air of superiority, greeting&nbsp; him in a sarcastic tone. Xiao Qiang didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; stand on ceremony either, replying&nbsp; directly, "Top 'ranked' in the grade." This hit Meng Xiaohui's sore spot perfectly.&nbsp; Meng Xiaohui had been dominating the rankings&nbsp;&nbsp; since the beginning of high school,&nbsp; but now he had fallen to ninth place.&nbsp;&nbsp; He was most afraid of people mentioning&nbsp; this, so he immediately got angry and took&nbsp;&nbsp; the opportunity to mock Xiao Qiang for his&nbsp; wishful thinking of entering the top thirty. He even brought up Zhao Xiaomei to show&nbsp; off, hoping to provoke Xiao Qiang. But&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang in this life had long since let&nbsp; go of these things and didn't care at all,&nbsp;&nbsp; only replying indifferently,&nbsp; "We'll see after the exam." The next day, Xiao Qiang stepped into the&nbsp; examination hall again. Having taken the exam&nbsp;&nbsp; again after so many years, he was actually quite&nbsp; excited. Chinese had always been his weak point,&nbsp;&nbsp; but his years of experience in copywriting&nbsp; gave him more confidence in his essay. The two-day exams ended quickly. That evening&nbsp; in the cafeteria, Yang Bin couldn't help but&nbsp;&nbsp; ask about the results. Xiao Qiang, while munching&nbsp; on a chicken leg, casually replied, "I got all the&nbsp;&nbsp; ones I knew right." Yang Bin didn't believe him&nbsp; and pressed, "And the ones you didn't know?" Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang calmly replied, "No ones you didn't know."&nbsp; This one sentence completely stunned Yang Bin. But then he thought about it again. Lately,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang had indeed answered many difficult&nbsp;&nbsp; questions off the top of his head, and Yang&nbsp; Bin began to doubt his own existence. Finally,&nbsp;&nbsp; he stared thoughtfully at the chicken leg: "Could&nbsp; it really be that eating this boosts brainpower?"&nbsp;&nbsp; The next second, Yang Bin shouted directly to the&nbsp; window: "Auntie, give me two chicken legs too!" With the weekend off, Xiao Qiang decided&nbsp; to go home. He already had plans in mind:&nbsp;&nbsp; to start a real estate company. His father,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo, was currently unemployed and&nbsp; needed a trustworthy person to help him. As soon as he entered the door, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; called out, and his mother, Zhang Guifen,&nbsp;&nbsp; came out to greet him, scolding him for not&nbsp; calling ahead. Upon learning that his father&nbsp;&nbsp; had gone out with the village chief to discuss&nbsp; matters, namely the relocation of the martyrs'&nbsp;&nbsp; cemetery which would occupy the village's mountain&nbsp; land, Xiao Qiang immediately became alert. Xiao Qiang knew very well&nbsp; that in his previous life,&nbsp;&nbsp; his father had been misled by the village&nbsp; chief into signing an agreement early on,&nbsp;&nbsp; receiving only 30,000 yuan for three mu of land.&nbsp; Meanwhile, those who signed later received 50,000&nbsp;&nbsp; yuan per mu – a huge difference. When his&nbsp; father tried to reason with the village chief,&nbsp;&nbsp; he was met with hostility, and later faced various&nbsp; forms of harassment when getting things done. Thinking of this, Xiao Qiang immediately&nbsp; decided to stop it and turned to find&nbsp;&nbsp; his father. Soon after, he called out a&nbsp; few times at the village chief's door,&nbsp;&nbsp; summoning his father, while he went home to wait. When Xiao Jianguo returned home, he chuckled&nbsp; and scolded, "You didn't even say you were&nbsp;&nbsp; back!" Xiao Qiang didn't waste any words and&nbsp; went straight to asking if he was involved in&nbsp;&nbsp; infrastructure work in the army. After receiving&nbsp; an affirmative answer, he felt even more certain. So Xiao Qiang started to "hype" him: "I have&nbsp; a classmate whose family owns a real estate&nbsp;&nbsp; company and they are short of project managers.&nbsp; Do you want to go?" When Xiao Jianguo heard that&nbsp;&nbsp; it was about building a house, he hesitated for&nbsp; a moment, but when he heard that as long as he&nbsp;&nbsp; kept an eye on it to make sure it wasn't built&nbsp; crookedly, he immediately gained confidence. When Xiao Jianguo heard that the monthly salary&nbsp; was five thousand, plus bonuses and shares, he was&nbsp;&nbsp; stunned: "That's so high? What are shares?" Xiao&nbsp; Qiang was too lazy to explain too much, and just&nbsp;&nbsp; asked him if he was going or not. As a result,&nbsp; his father immediately nodded in agreement. However, Xiao Jianguo couldn't resist asking a&nbsp; gossipy question: "Is it a female classmate?"&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang explained speechlessly that it was&nbsp; a brother. Only then was Xiao Jianguo relieved,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he even started planning his job&nbsp; appointment, showing remarkable initiative. Xiao Qiang then added that the company had&nbsp; arranged fifteen days of pre-job training,&nbsp;&nbsp; with meals and accommodation provided in&nbsp; Yanjing, and that family members could bring&nbsp;&nbsp; their children. Xiao Jianguo became even more&nbsp; excited upon hearing this, exclaiming that the&nbsp;&nbsp; company was like a "welfare home," and even began&nbsp; to fantasize about a better future for his family. In fact, all of this was arranged&nbsp; in advance by Xiao Qiang. He had&nbsp;&nbsp; already enrolled his father in online training,&nbsp;&nbsp; and these fifteen days would be just enough&nbsp; time for him to set up the company's framework. For the next two days, my parents were incredibly&nbsp; busy, packing luggage, preparing clothes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and even digging out their leather shoes that they&nbsp; hadn't worn in years. They also made sure all the&nbsp;&nbsp; chickens, dogs, and cows were taken care of, as&nbsp; if they were really going to do something big. On Sunday afternoon, the family of three&nbsp; took a taxi to the station. Xiao Jianguo&nbsp;&nbsp; was still worried about the fare, while Xiao Qiang&nbsp; calmly said that the company would reimburse him,&nbsp;&nbsp; and even reminded his father to "broaden&nbsp; his horizons," leaving his father stunned. Upon arriving at the station, Xiao Qiang handed&nbsp;&nbsp; over the ticket and repeatedly explained&nbsp; the procedures. Xiao Jianguo, annoyed,&nbsp;&nbsp; shooed him away, saying, "Get out of here!&nbsp; I've told you a million times." Actually,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang had already arranged a one-stop&nbsp; service, so there was nothing to worry about. The train departed at 8:30 PM, and Xiao&nbsp; Qiang stayed with it for a while before&nbsp;&nbsp; leaving. By the time he got back to school, it&nbsp; was already 8 PM, and the homeroom teacher was&nbsp;&nbsp; sitting on the podium in the classroom. Xiao&nbsp; Qiang suddenly remembered that he had been&nbsp;&nbsp; late for evening self-study without asking&nbsp; for leave, and a chill ran down his spine. Xiao Qiang hesitated for a moment, then braced&nbsp; himself and pushed open the classroom door:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Teacher Deng, I..." Before he could finish&nbsp; speaking, Deng Xiang interrupted him:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Stomach ache again?" Xiao Qiang smiled awkwardly:&nbsp;&nbsp; "You're quick to answer now." The whole&nbsp; class instantly stifled their laughter. Deng Xiang waved his hand dismissively:&nbsp; "Go back to your seat!" Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; cautiously walked towards his seat, afraid&nbsp; of being suddenly "ambushed" by Deng Xiang.&nbsp;&nbsp; After all, there had been times before&nbsp; when someone was kicked down from behind&nbsp;&nbsp; by him while returning to their seat,&nbsp; and that scene was still unforgettable. After Xiao Qiang sat down,&nbsp; Deng Xiang cleared his throat:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Everyone, please stop doing your homework&nbsp; and have a class meeting. In this mock exam,&nbsp;&nbsp; our class performed... exceptionally well." As&nbsp; he spoke, he gave Xiao Qiang a meaningful look. Deng Xiang pulled out the report card,&nbsp; deliberately drawing out his words:&nbsp;&nbsp; "First place—" The whole class's appetite&nbsp; was whetted, especially the top students,&nbsp;&nbsp; who were incredibly nervous. The next second, Deng&nbsp; Xiang directly announced the name: "Xiao Qiang!" The classroom erupted in laughter,&nbsp; all eyes turning to Xiao Qiang. Yang&nbsp;&nbsp; Bin looked utterly incredulous.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang blew him a kiss,&nbsp;&nbsp; to which Yang Bin rolled his eyes,&nbsp; creating a rather comical scene. Deng Xiang continued reading the&nbsp; scores: "Chinese 121, Math 132,&nbsp;&nbsp; Science 261, English 145, Total 659,&nbsp; Ninth in the grade!" He practically&nbsp;&nbsp; shouted the last sentence. The&nbsp; whole class erupted in applause. At that moment, Xiao Qiang also felt a long-lost&nbsp; pure joy. Yang Bin muttered to himself,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Eating chicken legs really works..." Then&nbsp; the results were announced one by one,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the atmosphere in the class continued to rise. After announcing the results, Deng Xiang&nbsp; was in high spirits: "I'm so happy today,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll sing a song for everyone!" This caused an&nbsp; immediate uproar in the class. For three years, he&nbsp;&nbsp; had always made excuses to decline, but today he&nbsp; was actually going to sing. Deng Xiang put on his&nbsp;&nbsp; headphones and began to sing with deep emotion: "I&nbsp; love you, like a mouse loves rice..." The students&nbsp;&nbsp; in the audience were trembling with suppressed&nbsp; laughter, but no one dared to interrupt. Just as the song reached its climax, a student&nbsp; from the next class suddenly pushed open the&nbsp;&nbsp; door and shouted, "Who in your class is braying&nbsp; like a donkey?" He had barely finished speaking&nbsp;&nbsp; when he saw Deng Xiang, and slammed the door shut&nbsp; and ran away in fright. This shout immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; ruined Deng Xiang's composure, and the whole&nbsp; class burst into laughter. Deng Xiang couldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; hold back either, and joined in the laughter,&nbsp; completely letting loose in the classroom. The next day, Xiao Qiang became a celebrity in the&nbsp; entire grade. In the office, Deng Xiang couldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; stop smiling. Gao Liguo, the head teacher of the&nbsp; experimental class, proactively approached him:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Could we have Xiao Qiang come to our class this&nbsp; afternoon to share his learning experiences?" Deng Xiang readily agreed, but&nbsp; Gao Liguo insisted on personally&nbsp;&nbsp; inviting him. Soon after, other homeroom&nbsp; teachers also came to "snatch" him away,&nbsp;&nbsp; making the office incredibly lively. During&nbsp; breaks, the legend of Xiao Qiang's "chicken&nbsp;&nbsp; legs for brainpower" quickly spread: "Six&nbsp; chicken legs a day, and he's straight into&nbsp;&nbsp; the top ten of the grade!" Many students&nbsp; believed it and began to imitate him. As a result, the cafeteria's chicken legs&nbsp; were so popular that they ran out of stock,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Xiao Qiang himself couldn't buy any more,&nbsp; becoming the biggest "victim." At this time,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang came to the office to ask for&nbsp; leave: "Teacher Deng, I have some things&nbsp;&nbsp; to do during the day, and I would like to&nbsp; ask for a few days off." Deng Xiang frowned:&nbsp;&nbsp; "You've gotten cocky just because you did&nbsp; well on the exam?" Xiao Qiang smiled and said:&nbsp;&nbsp; "I guarantee I'll get an even higher&nbsp; score on the college entrance exam." Deng Xiang stared at him for a while,&nbsp; then finally waved his hand: "Alright,&nbsp;&nbsp; handle it yourself, don't mess it up."&nbsp; As soon as he let him go, he added:&nbsp;&nbsp; "All 13 classes are waiting for you to&nbsp; share your experience this afternoon." Xiao Qiang was taken aback: "No appearance&nbsp; fee?" Deng Xiang immediately scolded,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You're really getting cocky!" Xiao Qiang&nbsp; had no choice but to agree and decided to&nbsp;&nbsp; leave the next day. The entire afternoon,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang "tourized" each class, managing&nbsp;&nbsp; to get a group of senior high school students&nbsp; fired up, and they all vowed to study hard. Only Meng Xiaohui looked grim. He&nbsp; had gotten tenth place this time,&nbsp;&nbsp; while Xiao Qiang had gotten ninth. After&nbsp; class, Xiao Qiang deliberately teased him,&nbsp;&nbsp; "May I ask how you manage to get&nbsp; such consistently good grades?" Just as Meng Xiaohui was about to answer, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang added insult to injury: "A steady decline?"&nbsp;&nbsp; His words left him speechless, and he could&nbsp; only turn and leave with a dark expression.&nbsp;&nbsp; By the time Xiao Qiang emerged from the&nbsp; last classroom, it was already 5:30 PM.&nbsp;&nbsp; His three-hour impromptu speech had gone almost&nbsp; flawlessly, and the effect was surprisingly good. In the experimental class,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang bluntly stated,&nbsp;&nbsp; "My goal for the college entrance exam in&nbsp; a month is over 700 points. You guys figure&nbsp;&nbsp; it out." Keep in mind, the current&nbsp; top student in the grade only scored&nbsp;&nbsp; 692 points. These words instantly put&nbsp; the entire experimental class on edge. Class teacher Gao Liguo was quite satisfied,&nbsp; as this was exactly the "catfish effect" he&nbsp;&nbsp; wanted. In the honors and regular classes, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang emphasized the importance of hard work,&nbsp;&nbsp; stating frankly that the honors&nbsp; class was not insurmountable. This series of actions sparked another wave of&nbsp; enthusiasm for learning among the senior students,&nbsp;&nbsp; and even the principal was considering awarding&nbsp; Xiao Qiang a "Teaching Contribution Award." Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang himself, after finishing his presentation,&nbsp; went straight to the Shulin Family Academy. The room was empty. Xiao Qiang&nbsp; muttered, "Where did that girl&nbsp;&nbsp; go?" He then casually turned on his computer&nbsp; to check his account. When he saw the data,&nbsp;&nbsp; he was surprised to find that his&nbsp; cumulative profit had reached 82%. Bored, Xiao Qiang went to the balcony for&nbsp; some fresh air, only to find several sexy&nbsp;&nbsp; pieces of clothing hanging there, one of&nbsp; which had been blown to the ground by the&nbsp;&nbsp; wind. He instinctively bent down to pick&nbsp; it up. Just then, the door lock clicked,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Li Muyao suddenly entered, looking surprised:&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang? You scared me! I thought a thief&nbsp;&nbsp; had broken in." Xiao Qiang panicked and&nbsp; quickly hid his hands behind his back. "Where have you been?" Xiao Qiang asked, feigning&nbsp; composure. Li Muyao smiled and said she had just&nbsp;&nbsp; gone to Yanjing to see her best friend, even&nbsp; jokingly offering to introduce her to him. But&nbsp;&nbsp; she quickly sensed something was off, staring at&nbsp; him and asking, "Why are you acting so strange?" Seeing Li Muyao approach step by&nbsp; step, Xiao Qiang retreated repeatedly,&nbsp;&nbsp; but accidentally bumped into the sofa and fell&nbsp; backward. In the instant he instinctively reached&nbsp;&nbsp; out to steady himself, what he held in his&nbsp; hand was revealed—it was the black T-shirt. The air fell silent instantly.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang explained awkwardly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I had just picked it up when you came&nbsp; in. I really didn't do anything else."&nbsp;&nbsp; But as soon as he said that, he felt&nbsp; that he was only making things worse. Li Muyao blushed furiously, her mind racing&nbsp; with chaotic thoughts. Finally, she whispered,&nbsp;&nbsp; "If you like... I can give you one." These words&nbsp; immediately made the atmosphere even more awkward. "No, no, no, I really didn't mean that!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang quickly returned the items.&nbsp;&nbsp; Both of them blushed simultaneously, and&nbsp; Li Muyao quickly changed the subject:&nbsp;&nbsp; "You came to see me because&nbsp; you needed something, right?" Xiao Qiang then became serious and explained in&nbsp; detail his strategy for clearing out inventory the&nbsp;&nbsp; next day and his follow-up plans, also proposing&nbsp; the idea of establishing a real estate company.&nbsp;&nbsp; He spoke for a full half hour, his thoughts were&nbsp; clear, and his arrangements were very meticulous. Li Muyao was stunned: "You came up with all&nbsp; of this?" Xiao Qiang nodded in acknowledgment,&nbsp;&nbsp; and she couldn't help but exclaim, "You're&nbsp; a genius!" Xiao Qiang then assigned tasks:&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Muyao would be responsible for registering&nbsp; the company after clearing out the inventory&nbsp;&nbsp; and serving as the legal representative;&nbsp; he would find an office location. The two&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly reached an agreement and&nbsp; began their respective actions. The next day, the liquidation went very&nbsp; smoothly. The major funds' high-level&nbsp;&nbsp; selling actually gave them room to maneuver. The&nbsp; account balance eventually reached 780 million,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Li Muyao felt dizzy looking at that number. Meanwhile, Xiao Qiang also successfully found a&nbsp; four-story office building with a total area of&nbsp;&nbsp; approximately 4,000 square meters. His original&nbsp; company was eager to sell due to poor management,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he ultimately acquired it for&nbsp; the low price of 4.8 million yuan. More importantly, the other party was&nbsp; willing to transfer the company with a&nbsp;&nbsp; Class II development qualification along with&nbsp; the 1.5 million yuan debt. For Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; who urgently needed to save time,&nbsp; this was an incredible bargain. Xiao Qiang immediately summoned Li Muyao, and the&nbsp; business registration change was completed that&nbsp;&nbsp; afternoon. The company was officially renamed&nbsp; "Xishan Qiangsheng Real Estate Development Co.,&nbsp;&nbsp; Ltd.", Li Muyao became the legal representative,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the registered capital was&nbsp; increased to 10 million yuan. When the original boss saw the 500,000&nbsp; yuan deposit arrive in his account,&nbsp;&nbsp; he finally believed that the young man wasn't&nbsp; trying to scam him. Meanwhile, the more than&nbsp;&nbsp; thirty employees who had faced unemployment were&nbsp; instantly "resurrected and put back to work." The basic team was now in place. Xiao Qiang&nbsp; planned to further restructure the company&nbsp;&nbsp; after his father returned. The original&nbsp; boss, Du Pengfei, was extremely grateful:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Boss Xiao, you really saved my&nbsp; life." Xiao Qiang smiled faintly:&nbsp;&nbsp; "It's just a mutually beneficial arrangement.&nbsp; You wanted to sell, and I wanted to buy." When the conversation turned to the&nbsp; future, Du Pengfei couldn't help but&nbsp;&nbsp; lament the sluggish real estate market.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang simply smiled, but he knew&nbsp;&nbsp; perfectly well that the downturn in 2008 was&nbsp; merely the prelude to an even bigger boom. "So, Mr. Du, are you planning to withdraw&nbsp; from the real estate industry?" Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; pressed. Du Pengfei nodded and sighed,&nbsp; "More or less. I'll take a break for&nbsp;&nbsp; a while and then look for another&nbsp; path." With that, he left the company,&nbsp;&nbsp; turning back every few steps. After all, this was&nbsp; the place where he had worked for over a decade. Xiao Qiang then summoned HR manager Wei Xiaowei&nbsp; to inquire about the company's current staff&nbsp;&nbsp; situation. After a brief overview, he&nbsp; specifically requested to see Yu Ming&nbsp;&nbsp; from the marketing department. Soon, a young&nbsp; man in his twenties walked into the office. When Yu Ming saw that his new&nbsp; boss was even younger than him,&nbsp;&nbsp; he was taken aback at first, but quickly&nbsp; regained his composure: "Hello, Mr. Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; I am Yu Ming, the sales manager." This composure&nbsp; gave Xiao Qiang a good first impression of him. After a brief exchange of pleasantries,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang got straight to the point:&nbsp;&nbsp; "I heard you're the only college graduate in the&nbsp; company. Why did you choose to work in real estate&nbsp;&nbsp; sales?" Yu Ming answered directly: "I'm short of&nbsp; money, and a fixed salary isn't enough for me." This answer both surprised and impressed Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang. Such candor was uncommon at&nbsp; the time. He continued to probe,&nbsp;&nbsp; "With the industry in such a slump right&nbsp; now, are you still planning to persevere?" Yu Ming did not hesitate and analyzed&nbsp; the situation logically: "The current&nbsp;&nbsp; downturn is mainly due to the influence&nbsp; of the international economic situation,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the domestic situation is only a phase&nbsp; of adjustment. In terms of urbanization rate,&nbsp;&nbsp; there is still a lot of room for&nbsp; growth in the real estate market." He further added that China's urbanization rate is&nbsp; only around 40%, far lower than that of developed&nbsp;&nbsp; countries, and the demographic dividend has not&nbsp; yet been fully realized, meaning the real estate&nbsp;&nbsp; market still has explosive growth potential.&nbsp; Yu Ming's tone was firm and full of confidence. Xiao Qiang secretly admired her;&nbsp; such insight and logic were truly&nbsp;&nbsp; remarkable for a young person who had only&nbsp; graduated two years prior. He then asked,&nbsp;&nbsp; "So why do you think Pengfei&nbsp; Real Estate collapsed?" After careful consideration,&nbsp; Yu Ming offered two reasons:&nbsp;&nbsp; first, the impact of the overall economic&nbsp; environment; and second, outdated products that&nbsp;&nbsp; failed to keep up with market demands. Today's&nbsp; homebuyers value environment and service more,&nbsp;&nbsp; while Pengfei Real Estate continued to use the&nbsp; old model, making failure almost inevitable. After hearing this analysis, Xiao Qiang had&nbsp; already made up his mind: "Yu Ming, how about&nbsp;&nbsp; considering a different position?" Yu Ming was&nbsp; taken aback, thinking he was going to be demoted.&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang smiled and explained, "It's not a&nbsp; demotion, it's giving you more responsibility."&nbsp;&nbsp; Then, he directly announced that Yu Ming&nbsp; would be promoted to deputy general manager,&nbsp;&nbsp; fully responsible for land acquisition, product&nbsp; development, marketing, and property management. Yu Ming was shocked, not only by the&nbsp; promotion, but also by Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; remarkably professional understanding of the&nbsp; entire real estate process. He hesitated,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm afraid I don't have enough experience..." Xiao Qiang interrupted him&nbsp; directly: "Mindset is more&nbsp;&nbsp; important than experience. Skills can be&nbsp; learned. I'll give you a salary of 5,000,&nbsp;&nbsp; plus commissions and bonuses. Follow me,&nbsp; making big money won't be a problem." These words completely ignited&nbsp; Yu Ming's fighting spirit:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Don't worry, President Xiao, I will&nbsp; do my best!" After leaving the office,&nbsp;&nbsp; he immediately threw himself into his work,&nbsp; as if he had been injected with chicken blood. Afterwards, Xiao Qiang, along&nbsp; with Li Muyao and Yu Ming,&nbsp;&nbsp; traveled all over the city and finally narrowed&nbsp; it down to 12 plots of land. "Take advantage of&nbsp;&nbsp; the market downturn and acquire them all. Can&nbsp; you start construction on them all within two&nbsp;&nbsp; months?" Although Yu Ming was under immense&nbsp; pressure, he gritted his teeth and agreed. After arranging everything, Xiao Qiang quickly&nbsp; calculated in his mind: the 12 plots of land,&nbsp;&nbsp; totaling about 600 acres, would cost&nbsp; approximately 300 million yuan to acquire,&nbsp;&nbsp; while development costs would require&nbsp; 640 million yuan. The huge funding gap&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately gave him a strong sense&nbsp; of urgency. "Mu Yao, come back to the&nbsp;&nbsp; Shulin Family with me." Xiao Qiang had made&nbsp; up his mind that he had to continue raising&nbsp;&nbsp; money as quickly as possible, otherwise this&nbsp; grand scheme would be impossible to execute. In the afternoon, under Xiao Qiang's guidance,&nbsp; Li Muyao invested another 200 million yuan. At&nbsp;&nbsp; this time, there was still 580 million yuan&nbsp; in cash quietly lying in the account. After&nbsp;&nbsp; working for more than an hour, she rubbed&nbsp; her sore arms, clearly somewhat tired. Seeing this, Xiao Qiang smiled and said,&nbsp; "Shall I give you a massage?" Li Muyao&nbsp;&nbsp; was a little surprised: "You can do&nbsp; this too?" Xiao Qiang looked proud:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Multi-talented." After exchanging&nbsp; a few simple jokes, she didn't stand&nbsp;&nbsp; on ceremony anymore and lay down on&nbsp; the sofa to wait for him to start. Li Muyao, dressed in a business suit&nbsp; and black stockings, showed off her&nbsp;&nbsp; curves. Xiao Qiang put away his jokes and&nbsp; earnestly massaged her shoulders and neck,&nbsp;&nbsp; his techniques varying in pressure. Li Muyao&nbsp; quickly relaxed and became fully engaged. Half an hour later, the massage ended, and Li&nbsp; Muyao looked satisfied: "It was really good,&nbsp;&nbsp; no worse than a professional's." She was&nbsp; so comfortable that she almost fell asleep,&nbsp;&nbsp; and couldn't help but joke: "Whoever is your&nbsp; girlfriend in the future will be very lucky." Meanwhile, the company was progressing rapidly.&nbsp; Yu Ming quickly assembled a team and completed&nbsp;&nbsp; recruitment, finalizing the design plans&nbsp; for all 12 plots within two weeks. He also&nbsp;&nbsp; secured a general contractor for advance funding,&nbsp; which greatly alleviated the financial pressure. Xiao Qiang was quite satisfied with this. It&nbsp; meant he could continue to invest more funds&nbsp;&nbsp; in the stock market and accelerate the pace of&nbsp; capital accumulation. Meanwhile, Xiao Jianguo,&nbsp;&nbsp; after returning from his studies, initially&nbsp; thought he would become an engineering manager,&nbsp;&nbsp; but his son directly "arranged" for&nbsp; him to become the general manager . Initially, Xiao Jianguo was worried&nbsp; about salary and power issues,&nbsp;&nbsp; but after receiving a positive response,&nbsp; he was immediately overjoyed and accepted&nbsp;&nbsp; the arrangement. A month later, Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; stock account had grown to 2.15 billion yuan. Xiao Qiang set aside 500 million yuan as&nbsp; reserves, and used the remaining funds to&nbsp;&nbsp; continue operations. He also registered&nbsp; Pacific Investment Group and injected 400&nbsp;&nbsp; million yuan into Qiangsheng Real Estate, gaining&nbsp; controlling interest. After paying for the land,&nbsp;&nbsp; the company officially entered&nbsp; the full-scale development phase. On May 25th, Qiangsheng Real Estate&nbsp; launched 12 projects simultaneously,&nbsp;&nbsp; a significant undertaking. Xiao Qiang discreetly&nbsp; instructed Yu Ming to oversee the overall&nbsp;&nbsp; situation and specifically reminded him not to&nbsp; let his father know that he was the real investor. After making the arrangements, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; left the trading strategy to Li Muyao and&nbsp;&nbsp; returned to school to prepare for the college&nbsp; entrance examination. After all, no matter how&nbsp;&nbsp; big the business is, it can't overshadow the&nbsp; importance of the college entrance examination. Back at school, Deng Xiang was shocked to&nbsp; find that Xiao Qiang had been "missing"&nbsp;&nbsp; for over a month and almost called the&nbsp; police. He was worried that Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; would fall behind in his studies,&nbsp; but Xiao Qiang simply said casually,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I can get 760 on the college entrance exam."&nbsp; This left the teachers completely stunned. That night, the system distributed&nbsp; another reward—1935 "Amazing Time&nbsp;&nbsp; Travel Cards." After studying them, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang understood that these cards could&nbsp;&nbsp; summon historical figures to briefly appear&nbsp; in reality, but there were many limitations,&nbsp;&nbsp; so he decided to keep them for&nbsp; later use in a crucial moment. June 6th arrived quickly, the day before&nbsp; the college entrance examination. Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Jianguo called specifically to comfort&nbsp; his son and tell him not to be nervous,&nbsp;&nbsp; while lowering his expectations to "just getting&nbsp; into a vocational college would be fine." Xiao Jianguo had even started planning for&nbsp; the future: "If I don't get into university,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can study engineering, get a job at a&nbsp; company after graduation, and earn several&nbsp;&nbsp; thousand a month." His tone was full of the&nbsp; pragmatism and anxiety of an old father. Xiao Qiang made a few casual jokes,&nbsp; but after hanging up the phone,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo became more and more worried. He&nbsp; decided to pave the way for his son in advance&nbsp;&nbsp; by calling the HR manager to his office to&nbsp; inquire about a suitable position for him. Even after learning that the minimum requirement&nbsp; for the position was a college diploma,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo was still unwilling to&nbsp; give up and finally made the decision:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Then let him be the driver." This&nbsp; move left the HR manager speechless. Stepping into the college entrance examination&nbsp; hall again, Xiao Qiang felt remarkably calm.&nbsp;&nbsp; In his previous life, he was so nervous that&nbsp; he would run to the toilet three times before&nbsp;&nbsp; the exam just to drink water, but this life&nbsp; was completely different. After being reborn,&nbsp;&nbsp; no matter how busy he was, he insisted on&nbsp; studying for four or five hours every day,&nbsp;&nbsp; and with the help of his abilities, his&nbsp; foundation was already incredibly solid. The Chinese exam was two and a half hours&nbsp; long, but Xiao Qiang finished it in an hour&nbsp;&nbsp; and a half. With the remaining time, he simply&nbsp; started thinking about his plans for the next&nbsp;&nbsp; two months, from the end of the college&nbsp; entrance exam to the start of university. The science exam on the second day was even more&nbsp; outrageous; Xiao Qiang didn't even use an hour&nbsp;&nbsp; and a half. In the remaining time, he even started&nbsp; planning how to use the stock and futures markets&nbsp;&nbsp; to "fleece" Western markets and then invest&nbsp; the funds in developing domestic industries. On the night the college entrance&nbsp; examination ended, all the students&nbsp;&nbsp; returned to their classrooms to estimate&nbsp; their scores. The classrooms were noisy;&nbsp;&nbsp; some sighed, some were excited. After the&nbsp; homeroom teacher distributed the answer keys,&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone gradually quieted down and began&nbsp; to carefully calculate their scores. More than an hour later, Yang&nbsp; Bin rushed over and asked,&nbsp;&nbsp; "How much do you estimate?" Xiao Qiang replied&nbsp; casually, "You should ask me how many points&nbsp;&nbsp; I lost." Yang Bin was taken aback, but&nbsp; could only follow up with the question. Xiao Qiang casually remarked, "For Chinese,&nbsp; it depends on the teacher's mood. I might&nbsp;&nbsp; lose one or two points, or maybe six or&nbsp; seven." Yang Bin was immediately shocked,&nbsp;&nbsp; meaning Xiao Qiang's Chinese score was almost&nbsp; perfect. When asked about other subjects,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was even more direct:&nbsp; "They're basically the same." Yang Bin was completely unconvinced: "You still&nbsp; want a perfect score?" Xiao Qiang didn't bother&nbsp;&nbsp; to explain. On the contrary, he guessed Yang Bin's&nbsp; score of around 575 points with just one sentence,&nbsp;&nbsp; completely baffled the other party, who couldn't&nbsp; help but wonder if Xiao Qiang could read minds. The next day, Xiao Qiang woke up naturally before&nbsp; leisurely going to find Li Muyao. She was wearing&nbsp;&nbsp; home pajamas, and her figure was very curvaceous.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang couldn't help but take a few more&nbsp;&nbsp; glances, and even made up a story to cover it up,&nbsp; only to be criticized by Li Muyao on the spot. When the topic turned to college entrance exam&nbsp; scores, Xiao Qiang remained relaxed, saying,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I can choose any school in the country." Li Muyao&nbsp; assumed he was just bragging and didn't ask any&nbsp;&nbsp; further questions. Soon, the two sat down at the&nbsp; computer and began working on their business. At this point, the stock account's market&nbsp; value had surged to 2.97 billion yuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; an 80% increase in just a few days.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang decisively decided to&nbsp;&nbsp; begin liquidating his positions,&nbsp; while simultaneously demanding&nbsp;&nbsp; that the pace be controlled to avoid&nbsp; causing excessive market volatility. After resolving the funding issues, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang rushed to Qiangsheng Real Estate.&nbsp;&nbsp; Things were progressing smoothly at the&nbsp; company; all 12 projects had commenced&nbsp;&nbsp; construction and were expected to be topped out&nbsp; in October, with the sales team fully in place. After listening to the report, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; immediately set the pace: "Starting next month,&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll launch advertisements throughout the city,&nbsp; using multiple channels simultaneously. We must&nbsp;&nbsp; make it a resounding success." Yu Ming nodded&nbsp; repeatedly, as these were exactly his thoughts. The two then went into the office&nbsp; together. As soon as Xiao Qiang entered,&nbsp;&nbsp; he started teasing his father.&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo didn't back down,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the father and son bantered back&nbsp; and forth in a relaxed atmosphere. Towards the end of the conversation, Xiao&nbsp; Jianguo casually asked, "How did the exam&nbsp;&nbsp; go?" Xiao Qiang smiled and replied, "So-so." His&nbsp; father nodded seriously, "As long as you can get&nbsp;&nbsp; into a vocational college, that's fine. I'll give&nbsp; you a salary of 3,000 yuan from now on." Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang also cupped his hands in thanks, "Thank you,&nbsp; boss." These words made both father and son laugh. Xiao Qiang casually remarked, "Dad, I've noticed&nbsp; Manager Yu is working at over a dozen construction&nbsp;&nbsp; sites by himself. Shouldn't we provide him with&nbsp; a car?" Xiao Jianguo nodded, but hesitated due to&nbsp;&nbsp; company policy. Xiao Qiang directly suggested&nbsp; calling the finance manager over to ask. Xiao Jianguo opened the door and shouted down&nbsp; the corridor, "Manager Zhang, come here!" Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang was speechless. "Why not just make a phone&nbsp; call?" But Old Xiao said seriously, "Making a&nbsp;&nbsp; phone call costs money. I'm a low-key big shot."&nbsp; The atmosphere suddenly became somewhat comical. Zhang Zhirui walked in quickly. Upon seeing&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, he almost blurted out a greeting,&nbsp;&nbsp; but Xiao Qiang interrupted him in&nbsp; time. Xiao Jianguo inquired about&nbsp;&nbsp; the vehicle allocation standards, and&nbsp; Manager Zhang, unsure of what to do,&nbsp;&nbsp; subconsciously glanced at Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; creating a slightly awkward atmosphere. Xiao Qiang smoothly continued,&nbsp; "Manager Yu is the face of the company;&nbsp;&nbsp; he should at least be entitled&nbsp; to a Maybach." As he spoke,&nbsp;&nbsp; he subtly gave Manager Zhang a wink.&nbsp; Zhang Zhirui immediately understood&nbsp;&nbsp; and nodded in agreement, "According to&nbsp; the rules, he certainly deserves one." "How much?" Xiao Jianguo had barely&nbsp; asked when Xiao Qiang answered directly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "More than three million." Old Xiao almost&nbsp; spat out his tea: "So expensive? Made of&nbsp;&nbsp; gold?" Given his previous income level, it was&nbsp; indeed hard for him to understand this price. He pressed further, "Then what's the general&nbsp; manager's stylist?" Manager Zhang hesitated&nbsp;&nbsp; again. Xiao Qiang interjected with a smile, "The&nbsp; general manager gets a Passat, worth two hundred&nbsp;&nbsp; thousand." But Old Xiao immediately retorted,&nbsp; "What are you pretending to be, some big shot?" Unexpectedly, Manager Zhang nodded&nbsp; seriously: "That's indeed the standard."&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo was stunned and speechless. The&nbsp; matter was settled, and the finance department&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly began implementing the procurement. Yu&nbsp; Ming was incredibly excited when he learned that&nbsp;&nbsp; the company had provided him with a car, and&nbsp; he became even more devoted to the company,&nbsp;&nbsp; feeling that even working until&nbsp; 9 PM every day wasn't enough. June 10th arrived, the day for college application&nbsp; submissions. The classroom was buzzing with&nbsp;&nbsp; discussion, and Deng Xiang even came over to&nbsp; ask Xiao Qiang which school he planned to apply&nbsp;&nbsp; to. Xiao Qiang filled out the application&nbsp; form in three minutes and handed it over. Deng Xiang was stunned when he saw the answer:&nbsp; Yenching University was the first choice,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the second choice was blank. He nervously&nbsp; reminded him, "The cutoff score in previous&nbsp;&nbsp; years was above 660, and your score..." Xiao&nbsp; Qiang calmly replied, "Don't worry, it's safe." This confidence filled Deng Xiang with both&nbsp; excitement and trepidation. His classmates,&nbsp;&nbsp; upon hearing this, cast envious glances&nbsp; their way. Yenching University, for them,&nbsp;&nbsp; was practically an unattainable dream. Xiao Qiang then walked over to&nbsp; Yang Bin and asked, "Brother Nai,&nbsp;&nbsp; which application are you applying for?" Yang&nbsp; Bin immediately covered his application form.&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang laughed and said, "Have you forgotten&nbsp; my eyes?" Yang Bin felt a chill in his heart;&nbsp;&nbsp; he had already assumed that Xiao&nbsp; Qiang "could see through things." Xiao Qiang said earnestly, "Come&nbsp; to Beijing and work for me,&nbsp;&nbsp; or do whatever you want. I'll protect&nbsp; you." With that, he turned and went&nbsp;&nbsp; back to his seat. Yang Bin stared at his&nbsp; retreating figure, his expression complex. After a moment of silence, Yang Bin picked&nbsp; up an eraser, preparing to revise his college&nbsp;&nbsp; application, muttering to himself, "If you don't&nbsp; give me three chicken legs a day from now on,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll never forgive you." After leaving school,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang arrived at Shulin Shijia. Yu Ming had&nbsp;&nbsp; already arrived in his newly purchased Maybach,&nbsp; and immediately declared upon meeting him,&nbsp;&nbsp; "President Xiao, I will definitely work hard&nbsp; to make the company bigger and stronger." Xiao Qiang simply smiled and said, "Come&nbsp; on, Yu Ming, Mu Yao, sit down. I need&nbsp;&nbsp; to get down to business." As soon as the&nbsp; two sat down, Xiao Qiang asked directly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mu Yao, has the account liquidation been&nbsp; completed?" His tone was crisp and decisive,&nbsp;&nbsp; without a single unnecessary word of pleasantries. Li Muyao nodded and reported, "It's all been&nbsp; cleared out. The current account balance is&nbsp;&nbsp; 2.96 billion. There were some fluctuations during&nbsp; the process, resulting in a loss of about ten&nbsp;&nbsp; million." Xiao Qiang simply nodded after hearing&nbsp; this; this loss was within his expectations. Yu Ming, standing to the&nbsp; side, was completely stunned.&nbsp;&nbsp; The figure of 2.96 billion yuan left&nbsp; him momentarily dazed. Back in 2008,&nbsp;&nbsp; this was already a sum of money equivalent&nbsp; to that of a top-tier billionaire. Without pausing, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; continued to give instructions:&nbsp;&nbsp; "First, contact a margin trading institution&nbsp; and increase leverage by 10 times; second,&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly go all-in on the targets I gave&nbsp; you; third, prepare to go to Yanjing,&nbsp;&nbsp; look at villas to use as headquarters,&nbsp; and at the same time recruit traders." The series of instructions stunned Li Muyao and&nbsp; Yu Ming. Such a large-scale financial operation&nbsp;&nbsp; and strategic layout was completely unlike the&nbsp; decisions that a high school student could make. Then, Xiao Qiang turned to Yu Ming: "Find someone&nbsp; to take over the 12 projects in Jin City within&nbsp;&nbsp; a month. Then expand into the two provincial&nbsp; capitals of Tai'an and Nan'an. After establishing&nbsp;&nbsp; a foothold, expand into five more second-tier&nbsp; cities to prepare for entering first-tier cities." Yu Ming listened with great enthusiasm,&nbsp;&nbsp; nodding repeatedly. He knew very well that if&nbsp; this level of strategic planning succeeded,&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiangsheng Real Estate would inevitably soar to&nbsp; new heights. The entire meeting lasted two hours,&nbsp;&nbsp; with Xiao Qiang speaking almost the entire time.&nbsp; The two men grew increasingly excited as they&nbsp;&nbsp; listened, as if they could already see their&nbsp; future business empire gradually unfolding. That afternoon, Li Muyao contacted seven&nbsp; financing institutions, securing a total&nbsp;&nbsp; credit line of 29 billion yuan with a monthly&nbsp; interest rate of 1.5%. With the funds in place,&nbsp;&nbsp; they officially began building their positions the&nbsp; following day. Due to the tenfold leverage, stock&nbsp;&nbsp; selection had to be even more cautious this time.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang prioritized risk control over returns,&nbsp;&nbsp; focusing primarily on the real estate sector&nbsp; and related upstream and downstream industries. At the time, the market was pessimistic, and&nbsp; a large number of sell orders suppressed stock&nbsp;&nbsp; prices, which ironically gave them the opportunity&nbsp; to build positions at low prices. In ten days,&nbsp;&nbsp; the two completed their investment in ten&nbsp; stocks, with a total capital of 32 billion yuan. This influx of funds even directly altered the&nbsp; trajectory of the real estate sector, turning a&nbsp;&nbsp; continuous decline into a sideways consolidation&nbsp; . Xiao Qiang knew that policy stimulus would be&nbsp;&nbsp; introduced soon, and bull markets often manifest&nbsp; themselves in the stock market beforehand. Soon after, the two flew to Yanjing.&nbsp; After checking into their hotel,&nbsp;&nbsp; they immediately went their separate&nbsp; ways. Xiao Qiang had already laid out&nbsp;&nbsp; a much larger plan in his mind: real estate,&nbsp; pharmaceuticals, the internet, smartphones,&nbsp;&nbsp; new energy, and semiconductors—each&nbsp; requiring huge amounts of capital. Li Muyao was responsible for contacting&nbsp; headhunters and recruiting traders,&nbsp;&nbsp; while also connecting with local margin trading&nbsp; resources. Xiao Qiang, on the other hand,&nbsp;&nbsp; took a taxi around Yanda University, preparing&nbsp; to select a suitable villa as the headquarters. The taxi driver provided detailed information&nbsp; along the way, analyzing the pros and cons of&nbsp;&nbsp; each project with the expertise of an industry&nbsp; insider. Xiao Qiang couldn't help but tease him,&nbsp;&nbsp; "It's a real shame you're not selling houses." Xiao Qiang wasn't very satisfied with the&nbsp; first two projects. It wasn't until he&nbsp;&nbsp; arrived at "Yihe Courtyard Villa" that&nbsp; he started to show some interest. The&nbsp;&nbsp; location and environment here were&nbsp; more in line with his expectations. Inside the sales office, a saleswoman named&nbsp; Xu Wenli, who had initially appeared lazy,&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately became dismissive&nbsp; upon seeing a young student,&nbsp;&nbsp; even directly telling him to leave: "Don't&nbsp; waste my time if you're not going to buy." Xiao Qiang didn't mince words, quickly exposing&nbsp; her pretense and leaving her looking utterly&nbsp;&nbsp; disheveled and humiliated. Their colleagues,&nbsp; witnessing this, were secretly delighted. At this moment, a saleswoman with an&nbsp; outstanding demeanor walked over and&nbsp;&nbsp; introduced herself as Lin Danzhuang.&nbsp; She was professional yet gentle,&nbsp;&nbsp; and her voice was very pleasant,&nbsp; making people feel very comfortable. Xiao Qiang nodded and asked her to give a detailed&nbsp; introduction to the project. It turned out that&nbsp;&nbsp; the entire Yihe Villa area covered about 200&nbsp; acres, close to the Summer Palace, and only a&nbsp;&nbsp; fifteen-minute walk from Yenching University,&nbsp; making it a very advantageous location. The project currently plans for 80 villas,&nbsp; with only 20 fully furnished ready-to-move-in&nbsp;&nbsp; villas available in the first phase.&nbsp; The overall environment and amenities&nbsp;&nbsp; are significantly superior to the previous two&nbsp; projects, and better meet Xiao Qiang's needs. "There's something else inside the robe?" Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's question plunged the room into shock and&nbsp;&nbsp; discussion once again. Zou Kai sneered, but those&nbsp; in the know began to take his words seriously. Meanwhile, Xiao Qiang had already&nbsp; begun to lay the groundwork for a&nbsp;&nbsp; new battlefield—real estate. Led by Lin&nbsp; Danzhuang, Xiao Qiang viewed two villas,&nbsp;&nbsp; ranging from 400 square meters to 700&nbsp; square meters. He was quite satisfied&nbsp;&nbsp; with the landscaping and water&nbsp; system design of the communities. During the tour, Lin Danzhuang&nbsp; explained things in great detail,&nbsp;&nbsp; but her posture when she bent over a few&nbsp; times almost distracted Xiao Qiang. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; he remained calm on the surface,&nbsp; acting as composed as a true buyer. "How much is this villa per square&nbsp; meter?" Xiao Qiang asked casually.&nbsp;&nbsp; "20,000 per square meter," Lin&nbsp; Danzhuang replied cautiously,&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking that this price would immediately&nbsp; deter him. Little did she know that Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang was calculating in his mind: this price&nbsp; would be dirt cheap in the future. 20 villas,&nbsp;&nbsp; with a total price of only around 200&nbsp; million, it was practically picking up money. He then inquired about the second phase of&nbsp; the project and learned that the developer&nbsp;&nbsp; was facing a tight cash flow, which gave&nbsp; him even more confidence. Just then,&nbsp;&nbsp; a commotion broke out in the sales&nbsp; office—the boss, Li Yanping, appeared. Xiao Qiang immediately asked Lin Danzhuang&nbsp; to help with the introduction, preparing&nbsp;&nbsp; to proceed directly to the negotiations.&nbsp; Upon entering the VIP room, Li Yanping,&nbsp;&nbsp; seeing that the visitor was just a young&nbsp; student, clearly looked down on him. Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang didn't beat around the bush and directly&nbsp; asked, "Does Mr. Li think I can't afford it?" Li Yanping gave an awkward smile and quickly&nbsp; denied it. Xiao Qiang then began to lower the&nbsp;&nbsp; price: "I've been sitting here for three hours&nbsp; and haven't had a single customer. Is this house&nbsp;&nbsp; really that sought after?" After a few words, Li&nbsp; Yanping was clearly overwhelmed and could only&nbsp;&nbsp; offer his bottom line: 15,000 yuan/㎡. This&nbsp; price was already close to the cost line. After a quick mental calculation, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; dropped a bombshell: "20 units in phase one,&nbsp;&nbsp; total price 172 million, I want them all."&nbsp; These words were like a thunderclap, and&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Yanping immediately stood up. "You want them&nbsp; all?" he asked, his face filled with disbelief. Xiao Qiang nodded, but added, "However, I&nbsp; have a condition." Li Yanping couldn't care&nbsp;&nbsp; less about anything else at this point&nbsp; and hurriedly replied, "Don't say one,&nbsp;&nbsp; ten are fine!" He just wanted to&nbsp; weather this financial crisis first. Xiao Qiang said calmly, "Sell me the rest&nbsp; of the land too, for 600 million. But I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; pay it in three installments over three&nbsp; months." After a brief moment of shock,&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Yanping immediately picked up a&nbsp; calculator and started calculating furiously,&nbsp;&nbsp; only stopping after a full minute. He&nbsp; tentatively asked, "Brother Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; how about adding a little more? My costs aren't&nbsp; low either." His tone was clearly tentative. Xiao Qiang simply smiled faintly, completely&nbsp; unmoved by the gesture, and got up to leave: "Then&nbsp;&nbsp; forget it, I'll look at other projects." This&nbsp; unexpected move completely baffled Li Yanping. Li Yanping quickly stopped him, his attitude&nbsp; softening instantly: "Don't go, don't go,&nbsp;&nbsp; I agree to the conditions!" He stopped&nbsp; pretending; this deal itself could make&nbsp;&nbsp; money, and more importantly, it could solve his&nbsp; immediate crisis. He dared not let Xiao Qiang go. The two parties quickly finalized a plan: a&nbsp; deposit of 20 million yuan would be paid on&nbsp;&nbsp; the day of signing, 112 million yuan would&nbsp; be paid after the transfer of ownership,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the remaining 600 million yuan&nbsp; would be settled in three installments&nbsp;&nbsp; over three months. This schedule&nbsp; was reasonable for both parties. The contract was signed on the spot, and&nbsp; Xiao Qiang arranged for the company to make&nbsp;&nbsp; the payment. With the 20 million yuan in his&nbsp; account, Li Yanping breathed a sigh of relief,&nbsp;&nbsp; as if he had finally been pulled out of the&nbsp; quagmire of debt, and felt much lighter. As he left to complete the formalities,&nbsp; he didn't forget to remind Lin Danzhuang,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Make sure you serve Boss Xiao well." At this&nbsp; point, he already considered Xiao Qiang a&nbsp;&nbsp; major client and even assumed that the other&nbsp; party was a "second-generation coal miner." Upon learning of the successful transaction,&nbsp; Lin Danzhuang was overjoyed. Two hours later,&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Yanping returned and confirmed&nbsp; that the transfer process had begun&nbsp;&nbsp; and was expected to be completed within&nbsp; a week. He then immediately convened an&nbsp;&nbsp; all-staff meeting to announce the&nbsp; overall transfer of the project. This news shocked everyone. Even more&nbsp; enviable was that Lin Danzhuang received&nbsp;&nbsp; a commission of 1.5 million yuan in one&nbsp; go. Some were envious, some regretted it,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially those who had previously neglected&nbsp; their clients; they were now filled with remorse. Xiao Qiang wasn't in a hurry to sell the&nbsp; project; the first batch of villas was&nbsp;&nbsp; planned as the headquarters of Pacific&nbsp; Investment. That evening, at dinner,&nbsp;&nbsp; he asked Lin Danzhuang, "Would you&nbsp; like to stay and work with me?" Faced with a young and capable new&nbsp; boss, Lin Danzhuang agreed almost&nbsp;&nbsp; without hesitation. Xiao Qiang was also&nbsp; very direct, handing over the entire sales&nbsp;&nbsp; office to her and arranging for her&nbsp; to live in a villa as staff quarters. The next day, the company began expanding its&nbsp; team. With the funds growing larger, it was no&nbsp;&nbsp; longer realistic for Li Muyao to manage everything&nbsp; alone; hiring professional traders was imperative. Early in the morning, all the equipment was&nbsp; in place, and 15 candidates arrived one after&nbsp;&nbsp; another for interviews. Xiao Qiang didn't focus&nbsp; on how impressive their resumes were, but rather&nbsp;&nbsp; on their stability and reasons for leaving their&nbsp; previous jobs to determine their true motives. Those who frequently changed jobs or gave vague&nbsp; answers were basically screened out by Xiao Qiang.&nbsp;&nbsp; The entire interview process was logically&nbsp; clear and fast-paced, even Li Muyao was a&nbsp;&nbsp; little mesmerized. She found it hard to believe&nbsp; that a high school student could handle the&nbsp;&nbsp; recruitment, salary, and evaluation processes so&nbsp; professionally, just like a seasoned headhunter. Three hours later, the interviews ended. Xiao&nbsp; Qiang kept only four people: "Li Le, Xu Bin, Zhang&nbsp;&nbsp; Kun, and Zhao Dong." His principle had always&nbsp; been to have fewer but better candidates. As for&nbsp;&nbsp; the others, Li Muyao, following his instructions,&nbsp; gave each of them 300 yuan for travel expenses. The four men walked into the office&nbsp; excitedly, but Xiao Qiang first poured&nbsp;&nbsp; cold water on their enthusiasm: "Don't be too&nbsp; happy yet. Although you passed the interview,&nbsp;&nbsp; whether you can stay or not depends on&nbsp; your subsequent performance in actual&nbsp;&nbsp; trading." The four men exchanged glances, and&nbsp; their attitude immediately became serious:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Don't worry, Mr. Xiao, we are&nbsp; ready to be tested at any time." They explained that the four of them had been&nbsp; roommates in college and had always worked well&nbsp;&nbsp; together. They wouldn't have switched jobs so&nbsp; easily if their former employer hadn't gone&nbsp;&nbsp; bankrupt. Xiao Qiang valued this quality,&nbsp; which is why he decided to keep them all. Afterwards, Xiao Qiang led them to&nbsp; the trading room and had Li Muyao log&nbsp;&nbsp; into her account. When the holdings were&nbsp; displayed, the four of them were stunned:&nbsp;&nbsp; "31.3 billion?" Their eyes widened in disbelief;&nbsp;&nbsp; they couldn't believe that this was the amount&nbsp; of money a high school student was managing. Shocked, Li Le couldn't help but remind&nbsp; him, "The real estate market isn't doing&nbsp;&nbsp; well right now. Investing so heavily is too&nbsp; risky." Xiao Qiang simply smiled and said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "The wind will change soon." This statement&nbsp; left everyone present somewhat bewildered. For the next two days, the group did&nbsp; almost nothing, simply strolling around&nbsp;&nbsp; the neighborhood to pass the time. Then&nbsp; one day, Zhang Kun suddenly exclaimed,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Real estate stocks are moving!" Everyone&nbsp; instantly swarmed around the screen, discovering&nbsp;&nbsp; that the sector was collectively surging, with&nbsp; some stocks even hitting their daily limit. Looking at the market, Xiao Qiang already knew&nbsp; what was going on: "Large funds have entered&nbsp;&nbsp; the market ahead of time." Sure enough,&nbsp; the policy was announced in the afternoon,&nbsp;&nbsp; the 4 trillion yuan stimulus plan was&nbsp; implemented, and the entire real estate&nbsp;&nbsp; chain exploded. His account quickly turned from&nbsp; loss to profit, and the gains continued to expand. A few days later, Xiao Qiang decided&nbsp; to begin liquidating his positions. He&nbsp;&nbsp; looked at the four men and said, "Starting today,&nbsp;&nbsp; gradually sell off your positions. There's only&nbsp; one requirement: don't crash the market." Faced&nbsp;&nbsp; with a sum of over 40 billion yuan, the&nbsp; four men were both excited and nervous. After the market opened, real estate&nbsp; stocks continued their strong upward trend.&nbsp;&nbsp; The four individuals placed orders in batches,&nbsp; controlling the timing with remarkable precision,&nbsp;&nbsp; successfully unloading their shares without&nbsp; significantly suppressing the stock price. Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang watched from behind, quite satisfied;&nbsp; their skill far exceeded his expectations. The entire liquidation process lasted 15&nbsp; days and was successfully completed. The&nbsp;&nbsp; account balance returned to 40.2 billion, and&nbsp; after deducting financing and transaction fees,&nbsp;&nbsp; the net assets reached 11 billion. Although&nbsp; there were some fluctuations during the process,&nbsp;&nbsp; the overall result was very satisfactory. After the trade was completed, the group&nbsp; collapsed into their chairs, exhausted,&nbsp;&nbsp; their hands almost cramping. The high-intensity&nbsp; trading was an unprecedented experience for them,&nbsp;&nbsp; giving them a true glimpse into the&nbsp; rhythm of large-scale capital operations. Back in his office, Xiao Qiang expressed&nbsp; his approval to Li Muyao and instructed&nbsp;&nbsp; her to continue recruiting more traders, as&nbsp; well as arrange for logistics and a cook to&nbsp;&nbsp; improve the team's living conditions.&nbsp; After making these arrangements,&nbsp;&nbsp; he handed her a bank card: "Here's ten million.&nbsp; Go buy some clothes, and you can keep the rest." Li Muyao was momentarily at a loss, but under&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's insistence, she accepted the gift.&nbsp;&nbsp; Afterwards, the four traders were called into&nbsp; the office, and Xiao Qiang said with a smile,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You've worked hard these past few&nbsp; days; here's a little reward for you." lifted the red cloth covering the table,&nbsp;&nbsp; revealing eight bundles of cash neatly arranged&nbsp; on it. The four men's breathing quickened;&nbsp;&nbsp; they could hardly believe it was true.&nbsp; "Two bundles each," Xiao Qiang said,&nbsp;&nbsp; his words leaving them completely stunned. Seeing that the four were still stunned,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang simply threw the money over&nbsp;&nbsp; himself. Holding the heavy cash, the four of&nbsp; them felt a sense of unreality—they had only&nbsp;&nbsp; been working for half a month and had&nbsp; already received a 200,000 yuan bonus,&nbsp;&nbsp; which in the past would have been almost&nbsp; equivalent to their entire year's income. Chapter 32 Encountering Beauty Upon Enrollment "You're satisfied with this little bit of money?"&nbsp; I promise you, as long as you work&nbsp; hard, earning more than those elites&nbsp;&nbsp; on Wall Street will be easy. Xiao Qiang added again.&nbsp; Li Le looked excited and said, "Don't&nbsp; worry, Mr. Xiao, we will definitely&nbsp;&nbsp; roll up our sleeves and work hard." Anyone who doesn't work hard is an&nbsp;&nbsp; idiot. You should know that in 2008, the&nbsp; average annual salary of employees in&nbsp;&nbsp; Yanjing City was only 47,000 yuan. The four of them received 200,000&nbsp;&nbsp; yuan in bonuses in less than half a month. "Alright, tomorrow and the day after are Saturday&nbsp;&nbsp; and Sunday, you guys can relax and have some fun.&nbsp; We'll start pulling off something big next week."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang made the arrangements. The four were surprised. "A weekend off?"&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, don't we need to do a post-mortem&nbsp; analysis? Don't we need to discuss the&nbsp;&nbsp; operational strategy for next week?" "Research my ass, where in our company&nbsp;&nbsp; do we have any strategy researchers?" Weekends must be a two-day weekend;&nbsp;&nbsp; working overtime is shameful,&nbsp; and taking a holiday is glorious.&nbsp; Earn money and spend it to boost&nbsp; national economic development!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said irritably, "These people&nbsp; only know how to work overtime. This bad&nbsp;&nbsp; habit definitely needs to be changed." The four looked at Li Muyao, after all,&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Muyao was the company's nominal general&nbsp; manager and their direct supervisor.&nbsp; Li Muyao smiled helplessly, recalling&nbsp; the discomfort she had experienced when&nbsp;&nbsp; she first started working with Xiao Qiang. This young boss's management style is as&nbsp;&nbsp; casual as ever; you can't judge his&nbsp; actions by conventional standards.&nbsp; "The boss has spoken, we're on holiday now.&nbsp; Just come back before 9 a.m. on Monday."&nbsp; After Li Muyao spoke, the four&nbsp; of them laughed like children.&nbsp; A job that doesn't require&nbsp; overtime...it's so great!&nbsp; "No need. Just come back before 5 pm on&nbsp; Monday. We'll be trading M shares next week,&nbsp;&nbsp; so be sure to conserve your energy." Xiao Qiang corrected that.&nbsp; After being taken aback, Li Le and his three&nbsp; companions became even more excited. M-shares were&nbsp;&nbsp; a field they had never ventured into before. ...&nbsp; After the four left. Xiao Qiang called Li Muyao and Lin Danzhuang over.&nbsp; "Mu Yao, I need to go back to Jin City.&nbsp; I don't know exactly when I'll be back."&nbsp; These next few days, let Danzhuang help you push&nbsp; forward with recruitment. You have full authority&nbsp;&nbsp; to decide who gets hired and who doesn't. After Li Le and the others returned on&nbsp;&nbsp; Monday afternoon, we had a video&nbsp; conference, and I arranged the&nbsp;&nbsp; operations for them on Monday evening. Also, Mu Yao, contact your former employer and&nbsp;&nbsp; ask them to introduce you to the person in charge&nbsp; at the Beijing branch of Guangfa Bank. Ask them&nbsp;&nbsp; to find a way to resolve the large-scale currency&nbsp; exchange issue. It would be best if all 10 billion&nbsp;&nbsp; Huaxia RMB could be exchanged for M yuan. We need to make it clear to them that if&nbsp;&nbsp; they can't resolve the issue, we'll&nbsp; have to consider switching banks.&nbsp; Li Muyao nodded seriously. With 10 billion yuan in funds, many banks would be&nbsp;&nbsp; willing to follow up on this large-scale foreign&nbsp; exchange transaction, since foreign exchange fees&nbsp;&nbsp; are a considerable source of income for banks. Friday night was the day when this year's college&nbsp; entrance examination scores were released,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Li Muyao and Lin Danzhuang went shopping. Xiao Qiang was alone in his office. He logged&nbsp;&nbsp; onto the score checking website, entered a&nbsp; series of personal information, and then...&nbsp; Xiao Qiang held his breath and concentrated. Although it wasn't the first time he had checked&nbsp;&nbsp; his scores and he knew the approximate&nbsp; range, Xiao Qiang still couldn't help&nbsp;&nbsp; feeling a little nervous. After taking a deep breath,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang clicked the query button. The first thing you see is the total score.&nbsp; 749 points!!! "Chinese, 149 points! It seems the grader was&nbsp;&nbsp; kind enough not to give the essay a perfect score.&nbsp; A perfect score of 750 would be a bit too much!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang muttered to himself. Although he had some premonition,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang still couldn't help but feel a surge&nbsp; of excitement when he actually saw the number.&nbsp; My heart is filled with boundless pride! "Ring ring!"&nbsp; Just as Xiao Qiang was getting into&nbsp; the mood and preparing to sing a song,&nbsp;&nbsp; a phone number displaying Jin&nbsp; City's name popped up on the screen:&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, congratulations! Have you&nbsp; checked your scores yet? Do you know how&nbsp;&nbsp; many points you got? What was your ranking?" Deng Xiang said excitedly on the phone.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang paused for two seconds, then&nbsp; said, "No, Brother Deng, you know?"&nbsp; He thought to himself, "How could I&nbsp; not know? Let you show off first!"&nbsp; "Of course I know! You got full marks&nbsp; in math, English, and combined science,&nbsp;&nbsp; and 149 in Chinese, for a total of 749. You're&nbsp; number one in the country, you know that!"&nbsp; "Really? I thought I'd get 750?&nbsp; Sigh... I didn't perform well..."&nbsp; Deng Xiang: "......" Xiao Qiang's comment was poorly executed,&nbsp;&nbsp; leaving Deng Xiang speechless! "Old Deng, are you sure you're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to lead the top class next year?" "Uh...it should be about right, thanks a lot! When&nbsp;&nbsp; will you come to study? I'll treat you to a meal!" In his excitement, Deng Xiang's teacher-student&nbsp;&nbsp; relationship instantly transformed&nbsp; into a buddy relationship!&nbsp; "I'm going back tomorrow, I'm coming&nbsp; back to mooch a meal from you!"&nbsp; ...... For the next&nbsp;&nbsp; two months, Xiao Qiang was extremely busy! The trading team has expanded to 28 people,&nbsp;&nbsp; led by Li Le and three others. Under Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's command, they took advantage of&nbsp;&nbsp; the M-share financial crisis to aggressively&nbsp; short US technology and real estate stocks,&nbsp;&nbsp; making huge profits. M-gold assets soared from&nbsp; the initial US$1.25 billion to US$3.8 billion.&nbsp; Under Xiao Qiang's arrangement, 800 million&nbsp; M gold was converted into 6.4 billion Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; yuan and remitted back to China to support&nbsp; the rapid expansion of Qiangsheng Real Estate!&nbsp; Meanwhile, the $3 billion continues&nbsp; to snowball in the M-share market!&nbsp; Qiangsheng Real Estate's initial 12 projects in&nbsp; Jinshi have all been topped out and are now on&nbsp;&nbsp; sale. The extremely advanced landscaping&nbsp; and property services have made these 12&nbsp;&nbsp; projects an instant hit, with them basically&nbsp; selling out as soon as they went on sale!&nbsp; Under Yu Ming's impetus, Qiangsheng Real Estate&nbsp; acquired land in Xishan and the provincial capital&nbsp;&nbsp; of southern Shaanxi, and all of its Yihe Courtyard&nbsp; Villas in Yanjing have resumed construction.&nbsp; It presents a thriving and prosperous scene! ......&nbsp; September 5th! Every year during the freshman&nbsp;&nbsp; registration period, Yenching University&nbsp; presents a lively and peaceful atmosphere.&nbsp; The September sun scorched the earth. Xiao Qiang swaggered along, walking&nbsp;&nbsp; with an air of arrogance, his gaze sweeping&nbsp; unabashedly over every pair of long, white legs,&nbsp;&nbsp; earning him countless eye-rolls. Suddenly, a slender and graceful&nbsp;&nbsp; figure came into Xiao Qiang's view. A beautiful young woman with exquisite&nbsp;&nbsp; features was standing under the shade of a tree. She was wearing a white polo shirt and light blue&nbsp;&nbsp; denim shorts. She looked extremely pretty and&nbsp; delicate, like a fairy who had descended from&nbsp;&nbsp; the clouds, exuding a captivating charm. Wearing white sneakers, her jade-like&nbsp;&nbsp; legs were snow-white and straight,&nbsp; swaying lightly with her owner's steps,&nbsp;&nbsp; her delicate skin shimmering in the sunlight. "Yan University actually has such a beauty!&nbsp;&nbsp; Heaven has truly been kind to me!" Xiao&nbsp; Qiang thought to himself with secret joy!&nbsp; "Hi beautiful, are you a freshman?&nbsp; Shall I help you with your suitcase?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stepped forward directly;&nbsp; talking without doing was not his style.&nbsp; Looking at the student in front of her, Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan thought to herself: This is the 50th&nbsp;&nbsp; or so boy who has tried to talk to me! However, she politely declined,&nbsp;&nbsp; saying, "No, thank you!" Although she wasn't interested in being approached&nbsp;&nbsp; like that, she didn't want to be too rude. The faint smile that Liu Qingyuan revealed&nbsp;&nbsp; between her bright eyes and white&nbsp; teeth captivated Xiao Qiang!&nbsp; It truly is a case of "a single glance&nbsp; from her could launch a thousand ships,&nbsp;&nbsp; leaving all the beauties of the&nbsp; imperial harem pale in comparison." Chapter 33 The First Class Meeting in University "Hey beautiful, I'm from the 2008 class of&nbsp;&nbsp; Economics and Management. What's your major?" Xiao Qiang was not discouraged by the&nbsp;&nbsp; other party's rejection. Liu Qingyuan ignored the&nbsp;&nbsp; other party's continued attempts to strike up a&nbsp; conversation, but the growing weariness in her&nbsp;&nbsp; heart was clearly revealed on her face. "Beautiful lady, your forehead is dark&nbsp;&nbsp; and your head is adorned with ominous signs!&nbsp; You will surely face danger within a month."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan turned her head and stared coldly at&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, "Who are you calling an ominous sign?"&nbsp; Anyone with a normal temper would think&nbsp; that Xiao Qiang was cursing them if they&nbsp;&nbsp; heard him say such things, and even the&nbsp; best-tempered person would be unhappy.&nbsp; But at this moment, the furious Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan could not realize the other&nbsp;&nbsp; layer of meaning in Xiao Qiang's words. The&nbsp; Chinese language has different meanings,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is why it is said that the Chinese&nbsp; characters are profound and extensive.&nbsp; "Of course I'm talking about you. With 1.3&nbsp; billion people in China, it's such a great&nbsp;&nbsp; coincidence that we can become alumni." "How about we sit down and chat? I'll help&nbsp;&nbsp; you figure out how to take off your&nbsp; bra... oh, not a bad omen, is it?"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan's eyes were now filled with&nbsp; icy coldness. She had reached the point&nbsp;&nbsp; where she could no longer tolerate&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's repeated attempts to&nbsp;&nbsp; flirt with her and even his frivolous words. "If you continue to speak rudely, believe me,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll have someone throw you into Weiming Lake." Liu Qingyuan coldly warned him, little did she&nbsp;&nbsp; know that her icy pretty face had a&nbsp; unique charm in Xiao Qiang's eyes.&nbsp; "She has personality, I like that." Xiao&nbsp; Qiang didn't mind Liu Qingyuan's aloofness.&nbsp; Everyone has a love for beauty. You&nbsp; can reject me, I can pursue mine,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I haven't done anything excessive. As soon as he finished speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang felt a sharp pain in his abdomen. It&nbsp; turned out that Liu Qingyuan had turned around and&nbsp;&nbsp; delivered a clean knee strike to his abdomen. Then he turned around and walked towards&nbsp;&nbsp; the freshman registration area. "Damn it, what a vicious woman!"&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, doubled over in pain and clutching&nbsp; his stomach, muttered to the departing figure,&nbsp;&nbsp; "The more beautiful a woman is, the more&nbsp; ruthless she is. The ancients were right!"&nbsp; "So what if you're a little prettier, have long,&nbsp; white legs, and a big bust? What's so special&nbsp;&nbsp; about that? Just you wait, one day I'll carry you&nbsp; on my shoulders and make you sing 'Conquer'..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang squatted on the lawn, muttering&nbsp; to himself, looking extremely resentful.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan also heard Xiao Qiang's extremely&nbsp; unpleasant words. She paused, took a deep breath,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then continued walking forward. After resting for a while, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; went to the freshman registration office&nbsp; to complete the registration procedures,&nbsp;&nbsp; picked up his bedding, and then went to&nbsp; dormitory building No. 25 on his own.&nbsp; Dormitory 301, Building 25! As soon as Xiao Qiang entered the room,&nbsp;&nbsp; he saw that three people had already&nbsp; arrived in the four-person dormitory,&nbsp;&nbsp; making him the last one to arrive! The three men were sitting together,&nbsp;&nbsp; chatting about something. When Xiao Qiang&nbsp; entered, they stood up. "You must be Brother&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang. Let me introduce myself. I'm Fu Hao." "Hello Xiaoqiang, my name is Dong Mingxing!"&nbsp; "Brother Xiaoqiang, my name is... my name is..." Xiao Qiang was stunned. What was there to be&nbsp;&nbsp; embarrassed about saying his own name? His name is Hao Niubi.&nbsp; Seeing that he was hesitant, the&nbsp; boy named Fu Hao spoke up directly.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang immediately laughed, "Brothers,&nbsp; these names aren't exactly understated at all!"&nbsp; "Sigh, there's nothing I can do&nbsp; about it. My parents named it that,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I can't be low-key about it!" "That classmate, Hao Niubi,&nbsp;&nbsp; said in a thick Northeastern accent." The classmate named Dong Mingxing took the bedding&nbsp;&nbsp; from Xiao Qiang and placed it on the second-floor&nbsp; bed on the left side as you enter the room.&nbsp; "Thanks, Celebrity Bro!" Xiao Qiang was very happy.&nbsp;&nbsp; His four roommates all seemed to have a&nbsp; straightforward and generous personality,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he liked making friends with people like that. After some investigation, I learned that&nbsp;&nbsp; Fu Hao is a native of Yanjing, Dong&nbsp; Mingxing is from Zhejiang Province,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Niu Bi is from Harbin in Northeast China. The four of them ate lunch together in a private&nbsp;&nbsp; room in the school cafeteria. Fu Hao paid the&nbsp; bill. In his words, "This is Beijing, so let's&nbsp;&nbsp; treat this first meal to welcome everyone!" In the afternoon, the group went&nbsp;&nbsp; together to buy some daily necessities. After just half a day of getting to know&nbsp;&nbsp; each other, the four of them had become close&nbsp; friends who could talk about anything and felt&nbsp;&nbsp; like they had known each other for a long time. At 7 p.m., the bustling campus finally quieted&nbsp;&nbsp; down a bit, because the class advisors&nbsp; of each freshman class were going to hold&nbsp;&nbsp; their first class meeting of the semester. Upon entering the classroom, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately exclaimed in surprise, "Holy crap!" In the first row of the classroom, sitting on&nbsp;&nbsp; the side, was a stunning woman wearing&nbsp; denim shorts and a white polo shirt. She&nbsp;&nbsp; was none other than Liu Qingyuan, who had&nbsp; clashed with Xiao Qiang earlier that day.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's simple exclamation instantly&nbsp; attracted the attention of many students in&nbsp;&nbsp; the classroom, including Liu Qingyuan. "It's like a persistent ghost!"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan rolled her eyes helplessly&nbsp; and squeezed out this complaining word.&nbsp; "What's wrong, Xiaoqiang?&nbsp; Why are you so startled?"&nbsp; Fu Hao asked. "Nothing much, just stepped on a cockroach!"&nbsp; "Um... come on, Xiaoqiang, hurry up and&nbsp; find a seat! The teacher is coming soon!"&nbsp; Fu Hao urged, then walked&nbsp; into the classroom on his own.&nbsp; "Hey? Where did Xiaoqiang go?" After he sat down, he realized&nbsp;&nbsp; that Xiao Qiang hadn't come with him. Dong Mingxing gestured with his chin forward:&nbsp;&nbsp; "It's over there!" "Damn, Xiao Qiang is&nbsp;&nbsp; awesome! He's a role model for us all! He went&nbsp; straight to sit next to a beautiful woman!"&nbsp; When they entered the classroom, they&nbsp; immediately noticed the beautiful classmate,&nbsp;&nbsp; but her stunning beauty made them afraid to&nbsp; look directly at her, as if even glancing&nbsp;&nbsp; at her would be a desecration of her. Meanwhile, a boy in the second row was also&nbsp;&nbsp; looking at Xiao Qiang with a sinister expression. This boy is named Fan Zhengyang, and he is the&nbsp;&nbsp; third generation of the Fan family, one of the&nbsp; ten most prominent families in the capital.&nbsp; He was immediately captivated by Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan's stunning beauty upon first sight,&nbsp;&nbsp; but when he revealed his identity, he&nbsp; was met with cold shoulders and could&nbsp;&nbsp; only think of making plans for the future. Unexpectedly, some clueless boy actually&nbsp;&nbsp; sat in the seat that I didn't&nbsp; even have the courage to sit in.&nbsp; This fueled his resentment, because&nbsp; at that moment, Fan Zhengyang already&nbsp;&nbsp; regarded Liu Qingyuan as a forbidden&nbsp; possession that no one else could touch.&nbsp; "Beautiful lady, I never expected&nbsp; that we would be classmates."&nbsp; Wasn't I right today? We really&nbsp; are destined to be together.&nbsp; As soon as Xiao Qiang sat down,&nbsp; he began to speak, as if he had&nbsp;&nbsp; completely forgotten the unpleasantness&nbsp; between the two of them earlier that day.&nbsp; "Hey? Beautiful lady, you're using an&nbsp; N95 too? Do you think these two phones&nbsp;&nbsp; are a male and a female? Otherwise, how&nbsp; could they appreciate each other so much?"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan felt that she had never felt&nbsp; so agitated and restless in her entire life.&nbsp; Just as she was about to stand up and&nbsp; find another seat, a female teacher&nbsp;&nbsp; who looked to be about forty years old&nbsp; walked in, so she had to sit down again.&nbsp; The classroom fell silent the&nbsp; moment the teacher entered.&nbsp; "Welcome to Class 038 of the Department of&nbsp; Economics and Management at Yenching University,&nbsp;&nbsp; students. I am your class advisor, Liu Xintong..." After a long, inspirational speech,&nbsp;&nbsp; homeroom teacher Liu Xintong finally stopped. "Our Department of Economics and Management&nbsp;&nbsp; at Yenching University is ranked first among all&nbsp; universities in China for economics and management&nbsp;&nbsp; majors. Moreover, two of the top three students&nbsp; in the national college entrance examination this&nbsp;&nbsp; year are from our class!" "Wow... Awesome..."&nbsp; "Awesome +1..." This made Xiao Qiang realize that even in a&nbsp; prestigious university like Yanda, students&nbsp;&nbsp; could express their feelings in such simple,&nbsp; easy-to-understand, and down-to-earth ways!&nbsp; The students in the audience gasped in&nbsp; amazement. Being classmates with the&nbsp;&nbsp; top three students in the country—that's&nbsp; something to brag about for a lifetime!&nbsp; If this were ancient times, he would definitely&nbsp; be the top scholar in the imperial examination!&nbsp; "Let's take this opportunity to get to&nbsp; know these two outstanding students,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then all of you can introduce yourselves&nbsp; to get to know each other better." Chapter 34 This Damn Fate "First of all, please welcome&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan, the second-highest scorer in&nbsp; this year's college entrance examination,&nbsp;&nbsp; to come up on stage and introduce herself." Class teacher Liu Xintong set the tone.&nbsp; Just as everyone was wondering who the&nbsp; second-place scorer in the national college&nbsp;&nbsp; entrance examination was, Liu Qingyuan,&nbsp; who was next to Xiao Qiang, stood up.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was stunned. It turned out&nbsp; that this stunningly beautiful classmate&nbsp;&nbsp; with whom he had such a connection was&nbsp; actually the second-highest scorer in&nbsp;&nbsp; the national college entrance examination. She's really smart, beautiful, and strong!&nbsp; He quickly stood up to make way for Liu Qingyuan. Xiao Qiang then got a good look at Liu Qingyuan's&nbsp;&nbsp; outfit: a white polo shirt, denim shorts,&nbsp; and blue canvas shoes. Her long, slender&nbsp;&nbsp; legs accentuated her stunning figure, and her&nbsp; exquisite face left everyone momentarily stunned.&nbsp; "Wow, it's so beautiful..." "..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was the same; his attire&nbsp; was completely different from the&nbsp;&nbsp; impression he had when they met that morning. It gave him a sudden, heart-stirring feeling.&nbsp; "Hello everyone, my name is Liu Qingyuan, and&nbsp; I'm a native of Yanjing. I'm very happy to be&nbsp;&nbsp; classmates with you all, and I hope to work&nbsp; hard together with you over the next four&nbsp;&nbsp; years to create a bright future. Thank you." Liu Qingyuan's self-introduction was brief&nbsp;&nbsp; and concise, accompanied by a gentle smile&nbsp; that gave off a warm and welcoming feeling.&nbsp; After the introduction, Liu Qingyuan&nbsp; went straight back to her seat.&nbsp; "Liu Qingyuan didn't mention her college entrance&nbsp; examination score earlier, so I'll add it here:&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan's total score in this college&nbsp; entrance examination is 731 points."&nbsp; After Liu Xintong finished speaking,&nbsp; she took the lead in applauding.&nbsp; Wow... what a talented woman... "Wow, that's awesome..."&nbsp; "..." The students&nbsp;&nbsp; below immediately applauded. It should be noted&nbsp; that among the students present were top scorers&nbsp;&nbsp; from various cities and even provinces, but&nbsp; most of their college entrance examination&nbsp;&nbsp; scores were only between 670 and 690. That score of 725 is an unattainable&nbsp;&nbsp; achievement even among the top scorers&nbsp; in their respective provinces and cities.&nbsp; After the applause subsided slightly, the&nbsp; homeroom teacher, Liu Xintong, spoke again, "Next,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's give a warm round of applause to the student&nbsp; who achieved the highest score in the country in&nbsp;&nbsp; the college entrance examination. This student's&nbsp; score is the highest in the history of the college&nbsp;&nbsp; entrance examination, which can be said to&nbsp; be unprecedented. Let's welcome Xiao Qiang."&nbsp; Liu Xintong's passionate speech&nbsp; aroused the boundless curiosity&nbsp;&nbsp; of these privileged young people. In particular, Liu Qingyuan scored around&nbsp;&nbsp; 720 in each of the three mock exams before the&nbsp; official college entrance examination. According&nbsp;&nbsp; to her homeroom teacher, this score was definitely&nbsp; enough to make her the top scorer in the country.&nbsp; When she checked her score, although her&nbsp; score of 731 exceeded her expectations,&nbsp;&nbsp; her national ranking was second, which&nbsp; made her resentful for a long time.&nbsp; "Unprecedented? Is it really that exaggerated?" She couldn't help but think to herself.&nbsp; Just as Liu Qingyuan was looking around with&nbsp; great curiosity, she saw the boy next to her stand&nbsp;&nbsp; up gracefully. To her astonishment, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; walked onto the podium with a smile on his face.&nbsp; "Holy crap, that bastard Xiaoqiang is&nbsp; actually the top scorer in the country?"&nbsp; Fu Hao stared wide-eyed, letting&nbsp; out a surprised exclamation.&nbsp; "I'm sharing a dorm with the&nbsp; top scorer in the country..."&nbsp; "You really can't judge a book by its&nbsp; cover... Is this the same Xiao Qiang who&nbsp;&nbsp; couldn't resist walking past pretty&nbsp; girls on campus this afternoon?..."&nbsp; Dong Mingxing and Hao Niubi&nbsp; were also sighing silently.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was also incredulous.&nbsp; The frivolous man who had hit on her&nbsp;&nbsp; repeatedly today was actually the top scorer&nbsp; in the national college entrance examination?&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stood on the podium, but did not speak&nbsp; immediately. Instead, he scanned all the students.&nbsp; "Hello everyone, my name is Xiao Qiang. You&nbsp; can call me Xiao Qiang from now on. Yes, that's&nbsp;&nbsp; the cockroach Xiao Qiang you're thinking of." Immediately, the audience burst into laughter.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, please tell us your&nbsp; college entrance examination scores!"&nbsp; Liu Xintong urged. "Okay, Teacher Liu, my total score&nbsp;&nbsp; in the college entrance examination is 749." "Holy crap...this guy is amazing..."&nbsp; "Truly unprecedented..." "It's unlikely that anyone will be&nbsp;&nbsp; able to surpass this..." The audience below the stage erupted in a clamor. Although Liu Qingyuan did not show much surprise&nbsp;&nbsp; on her face, she was extremely shocked inside. Is this even human?&nbsp; She considered herself exceptionally&nbsp; intelligent, with an IQ of 140, and had&nbsp;&nbsp; worked hard enough to score 731 points. It is incredibly difficult to improve&nbsp;&nbsp; even by one point. What kind of amazing&nbsp;&nbsp; person scored 749 points on the exam? Instantly, Liu Qingyuan was filled&nbsp;&nbsp; with curiosity about Xiao Qiang! She selectively and temporarily&nbsp;&nbsp; forgot about all the unacceptable&nbsp; things Xiao Qiang had done before.&nbsp; "I come from a rural area in Shanxi Province.&nbsp; My parents are farmers, but I have a dream: to&nbsp;&nbsp; contribute all my heart and soul to China's return&nbsp; to the top of the world through my own efforts..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was extremely serious at this&nbsp; moment, his eyes filled with determination.&nbsp; Looking at the seriousness and earnestness&nbsp; in Xiao Qiang's eyes, Liu Qingyuan wondered,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Is this still the same boy who spoke&nbsp; frivolously and fawned over me today?"&nbsp; Liu Xintong led the applause,&nbsp; and instantly the classroom&nbsp;&nbsp; erupted in enthusiastic applause once again. Fan Zhengyang stared at Xiao Qiang on the stage&nbsp;&nbsp; with disdain, muttering, "What are you pretending&nbsp; for? A country bumpkin from the countryside,&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking he can make China stand at&nbsp; the top of the world? Ridiculous!"&nbsp; So what if he gets good grades?&nbsp; What's the use of good grades?&nbsp; Amidst enthusiastic applause,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang returned to his seat.&nbsp; Seeing that Liu Qingyuan, who had been indifferent&nbsp; just moments before, was now staring intently at&nbsp;&nbsp; him, he wondered, "Could it be that this beauty&nbsp; has been intimidated by my domineering aura?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang couldn't help but&nbsp; secretly fantasize in his heart.&nbsp; "Wow, the top two students in the country are&nbsp; now deskmates! Is this some kind of telepathic&nbsp;&nbsp; connection between academic geniuses?" Class teacher Liu Xintong, unusually&nbsp;&nbsp; in high spirits, also cracked a joke. The crowd burst into laughter again,&nbsp;&nbsp; but this only intensified Fan Zhengyang's&nbsp; resentment towards Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang didn't care about this kind of romantic&nbsp; joke, but it made Liu Qingyuan's cheeks flush red.&nbsp; Next, each student in the&nbsp; class introduced themselves.&nbsp; When it was Fan Zhengyang's turn to introduce&nbsp; himself, he emphasized that the Fan Group was&nbsp;&nbsp; one of the top ten families in Yanjing, with&nbsp; assets worth tens of billions of yuan, and how&nbsp;&nbsp; impressive its business layout was, including how&nbsp; many listed companies it owned. This drew envious&nbsp;&nbsp; glances from some of his classmates. This made Fan Zhengyang very proud,&nbsp;&nbsp; but when he looked at his goddess Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan, he saw that she was not moved&nbsp;&nbsp; at all, which made him feel very frustrated. The first class meeting was relatively short,&nbsp;&nbsp; lasting only an hour. All the students walked&nbsp;&nbsp; out of the classroom one after another. Xiao Qiang was fiddling with his phone&nbsp;&nbsp; and showed no intention of getting up. "Xiaoqiang, let's go back to the dorm!"&nbsp; Dong Mingxing urged from the side. "Have some sense, will you? Can't you see...?"&nbsp; As Fu Hao spoke, he gestured towards Xiao&nbsp; Qiang and Liu Qingyuan with his chin.&nbsp; "Okay, Xiaoqiang, we'll head back&nbsp; first. You go ahead with your work!"&nbsp; As he spoke, he secretly&nbsp; gave Xiao Qiang a thumbs up.&nbsp; Seeing this, Fan Zhengyang was furious and&nbsp; stood up, shouting, "Get out of the way!"&nbsp; Without any preamble, he spoke directly&nbsp; to Xiao Qiang in a commanding tone. Chapter 35 Brothers, this is university Fan Zhengyang thought that after his&nbsp;&nbsp; self-introduction, his classmates&nbsp; would all be in awe of him.&nbsp; But to everyone's surprise, the top scorer&nbsp; in the country showed no sign of moving.&nbsp; Instead, in front of him, she turned her head to&nbsp; her goddess Liu Qingyuan and said, "Liu Qingyuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; is it convenient for me to add you on QQ? And&nbsp; could you also give me your phone number? It&nbsp;&nbsp; would be easier for classmates to keep in touch." The moment Fan Zhengyang dismissed Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was actually a little&nbsp; curious about his next reaction.&nbsp; After all, not everyone has the courage and&nbsp; ability to stand up against Fan Zhengyang, who&nbsp;&nbsp; has money and connections, even if you are... the&nbsp; top scorer in the college entrance examination.&nbsp; To Liu Qingyuan's surprise, Xiao Qiang seemed&nbsp; to have no intention of paying attention to Fan&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhengyang at all, and instead asked for&nbsp; her contact information at this moment.&nbsp; interesting! Liu Qingyuan glanced&nbsp;&nbsp; at Fan Zhengyang, who was about to explode&nbsp; in anger, and smiled sweetly, "Alright!"&nbsp; He then tore a piece of paper from the&nbsp; notebook, quickly wrote down his contact&nbsp;&nbsp; information, and handed it to Xiao Qiang. Then he got up on his own, while Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; simply made way for him, leaving everyone with a&nbsp; charming back view before leaving the classroom.&nbsp; At this moment, only Xiao Qiang and Fan&nbsp; Zhengyang remained in the classroom.&nbsp; "What, Mr. Fan, are you inviting&nbsp; me to dinner or something?"&nbsp; "I can't possibly accept such high&nbsp; regard from a rich young master!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's tone was relaxed,&nbsp; and his teasing was obvious.&nbsp; "Damn it, Xiao Qiang, don't think you're so&nbsp; great just because you're the top scorer in&nbsp;&nbsp; the college entrance exam. Stay away from Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan, or you might get your legs broken&nbsp;&nbsp; one day. Don't blame me for not warning you." Fan Zhengyang threatened with a fierce look&nbsp;&nbsp; on his face. We'll see!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked disdainful, then stood&nbsp; up, pushed aside Fan Zhengyang who was&nbsp;&nbsp; blocking his way, and left the classroom. "You won't listen to reason, so you'll have&nbsp;&nbsp; to suffer the consequences. Just you wait!" Fan Zhengyang stared at Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; departing figure and said viciously. Then he took out a phone and dialed...&nbsp; ... After several months&nbsp;&nbsp; of training, Li Muyao has shed her naivety and&nbsp; now exudes the charm of a strong career woman.&nbsp; According to Xiao Qiang's job description,&nbsp; she was to serve as the general manager&nbsp;&nbsp; of Pacific Investment Group. At present, Pacific Investment&nbsp;&nbsp; is Xiao Qiang's cash cow, accumulating&nbsp; capital for his industrial expansion.&nbsp; During this period, under Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; arrangement, she has signed in-depth&nbsp;&nbsp; cooperation agreements with various financial&nbsp; service institutions, including major domestic&nbsp;&nbsp; and foreign securities companies, margin trading&nbsp; institutions, and futures exchanges in Beijing.&nbsp; Yu Ming is specifically responsible for all&nbsp; matters from project initiation to sales of&nbsp;&nbsp; 12 real estate projects in the two provincial&nbsp; capitals of Shaanxi and Xishan provinces. He is&nbsp;&nbsp; also constantly recruiting real estate talents&nbsp; and expanding to surrounding first-tier cities.&nbsp; Meanwhile, Lin Danzhuang, the original&nbsp; top-notch real estate consultant, was arranged&nbsp;&nbsp; by Li Muyao to become Xiao Qiang's secretary. The Yihe Courtyard Villa is also equipped with&nbsp;&nbsp; a five-star chef and a logistics service staff&nbsp; member, Lin Xuejiao, a 34-year-old single mother,&nbsp;&nbsp; but a stunningly beautiful mature woman. Judging from her current appearance and&nbsp;&nbsp; demeanor, one can tell that she must&nbsp; have been a stunning beauty in her youth.&nbsp; The 28 traders, led by Li Le and Zhang Kun, have&nbsp; been sleeping with smiles on their faces lately.&nbsp; Taking Li Le, Zhang Kun, and two others&nbsp; as examples, in the two months since they&nbsp;&nbsp; joined Pacific Investment, each of them has&nbsp; received 2 million yuan in bonuses alone.&nbsp; Moreover, those staying in the upscale villas&nbsp; of Yihe Courtyard Villas are served by five-star&nbsp;&nbsp; chefs, with unlimited abalone, lobster, and&nbsp; all sorts of large crabs they can't name...&nbsp; In your free time, enjoy a&nbsp; barbecue on the villa rooftop...&nbsp; "What good deeds must I have done in my past life&nbsp; to deserve meeting President Xiao in this one..."&nbsp; This is a common lament&nbsp; expressed by these traders.&nbsp; Around 9 p.m., all the traders went into&nbsp; battle and, under Xiao Qiang's precise&nbsp;&nbsp; guidance, began shorting the US market. The M-share market closed at 4:30 a.m.&nbsp; "Kun Kun, our team earned another 7&nbsp; points for President Xiao tonight.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's not much, just 80 million US dollars." Zhang Kun: "What are you bragging about? Our&nbsp;&nbsp; group has 100 million US dollars." The following day, as the rising&nbsp; sun shone brightly on the earth,&nbsp;&nbsp; the campus of Yenching University&nbsp; once again bustled with people.&nbsp; It presents a thriving and prosperous scene. Xiao Qiang and his three roommates walked&nbsp;&nbsp; together toward the classroom,&nbsp; chatting and laughing all the way.&nbsp; He walked along, staring intently at&nbsp; pairs of beautiful legs, but alas,&nbsp;&nbsp; he didn't have enough eyes to look at them all;&nbsp; he could see the legs, but not the upper body…&nbsp; "Why has the dog system been quiet&nbsp; lately? It hasn't assigned any tasks."&nbsp; This made Xiao Qiang feel a little&nbsp; uncomfortable. "It seems I'm used&nbsp;&nbsp; to being a beast of burden in my past life." "I'm actually not used to being human again!"&nbsp; Recently, the system only issued her&nbsp; 2,400 "Superhuman Time Travel Cards"&nbsp;&nbsp; based on the expansion of employees&nbsp; in Xiao Qiang's subordinate companies.&nbsp; This surprised Xiao Qiang. As the&nbsp; number of job opportunities increased,&nbsp;&nbsp; a supplementary bonus would be issued. In the first class at Yenching University,&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone listened attentively with&nbsp; great enthusiasm and concentration.&nbsp; This made Xiao Qiang very uncomfortable. In my previous life at university,&nbsp;&nbsp; some students would read novels, chat&nbsp; on QQ, or do whatever else in class…&nbsp; The classrooms at Yenching University&nbsp; are just...unbelievable...even more&nbsp;&nbsp; oppressive than high school. "You've all been studying&nbsp;&nbsp; hard for three years, and you're finally in&nbsp; university, shouldn't you let loose a little...?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang glanced at Dong Mingxing, who&nbsp; was intently listening to the lecture,&nbsp;&nbsp; and poked the guy's arm with his pen,&nbsp; but the guy ignored him completely.&nbsp; The same goes for Brother Niu Bi. Fu Hao is different. According to&nbsp;&nbsp; this guy, "He didn't get into Peking University&nbsp; through hard work; he got in by sheer chance."&nbsp; For local students from Yenching&nbsp; University, the entry requirements&nbsp;&nbsp; weren't that high, which everyone understood. Fu Hao, who was naturally active, felt extremely&nbsp;&nbsp; uncomfortable in such a serious classroom. He took out his textbook and wrote: "Xiaoqiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's go to the internet cafe after class?" Then, pointing to the words in the textbook,&nbsp;&nbsp; he winked at Xiao Qiang. Xiao Qiang quickly replied, "No problem, CS."&nbsp; Fu Hao replied with a "you&nbsp; know what I mean" emoji.&nbsp; After a period of agonizing waiting,&nbsp;&nbsp; the two-hour lecture finally came to an end. There's only one class in the morning.&nbsp; Most students found classrooms&nbsp; to study on their own.&nbsp; "Hey Celebrity, awesome! Want to go to&nbsp; the internet cafe for Counter-Strike?"&nbsp; Fu Hao asked two other people&nbsp; to stay in the dormitory.&nbsp; Dong Mingxing: "Ah, an internet&nbsp; cafe? That's not a good idea!"&nbsp; Hao Niubi: "Yeah, what if&nbsp; the teacher catches us..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang: "..." "This is supposed to be&nbsp;&nbsp; a university? Teachers are controlling your&nbsp; internet use? Have they lost their minds?!"&nbsp; "I have a great website where I can show you some&nbsp; Japanese adult films, wanna check it out...?"&nbsp; "real? …Go there…”&nbsp; The two said in unison.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang "..." It seems the problem&nbsp;&nbsp; isn't a heavy mental burden, but rather&nbsp; that the temptations aren't strong enough!&nbsp; After saying that, the four of&nbsp; them dashed out of the classroom.&nbsp; Meanwhile, Liu Qingyuan stared intently&nbsp; at the departing figures of Xiao Qiang and&nbsp;&nbsp; his companions, lost in thought. "Qingyuan, there's a question I&nbsp;&nbsp; didn't quite understand in class just now.&nbsp; Could I ask you, a top student, for help?"&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang was thinking of ways&nbsp; to get closer to this goddess.&nbsp; "Sorry, I'm busy." How could a woman as intelligent as Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; Qingyuan not understand Fan Zhengyang's thoughts? She decisively rejected Fan Zhengyang.&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang had witnessed Liu Qingyuan&nbsp; watching Xiao Qiang's departing figure.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang..." After saying that,&nbsp;&nbsp; he took out his phone again and dialed... The four of them stayed at the internet&nbsp;&nbsp; cafe until 1 p.m. before leaving. "Celebrity, awesome! How was it? Wasn't&nbsp;&nbsp; that website amazing? Did you learn anything?" Xiao Qiang asked with a lewd expression.&nbsp; "Cough... This is so educational...&nbsp; You can do that too..."&nbsp; Both Celebrity Bro and Niu Bi Bro were blushing.&nbsp; This was so unbelievable! They had only ever seen&nbsp;&nbsp; written descriptions before, and the visuals&nbsp; were never as smooth and detailed as the video.&nbsp; Even now, the beautiful song still echoes&nbsp; in the minds of these two academic geniuses…&nbsp; They felt that their sacred&nbsp; souls were no longer pure... Chapter 36 A Boastful Truth The midday sun was relentlessly&nbsp;&nbsp; scorching everything in the world. The scorching air seemed to have frozen.&nbsp; There were only a few pedestrians on&nbsp; the road, far less bustling than in the&nbsp;&nbsp; early morning and evening. "Your name is Xiao Qiang?"&nbsp; As the four passed by a small bungalow, a&nbsp; dozen or so young men dressed in a shady style&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly jumped out. They had brightly colored&nbsp; hair and their arms were covered in tattoos.&nbsp; The speaker was an extremely&nbsp; muscular man, his muscles bulging,&nbsp;&nbsp; giving off a strong sense of intimidation. Fu Hao and his companions had never seen anything&nbsp;&nbsp; like this before, and they instantly panicked. Xiao Qiang looked at his younger brothers with a&nbsp;&nbsp; relaxed expression. "I am Xiao Qiang, so what?" The muscular man snorted coldly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You've got guts." "You guys can leave now,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is none of your business." He then spoke to Fu Hao and the other two.&nbsp; Although the three of them were pounding&nbsp; with nervousness, they exchanged glances&nbsp;&nbsp; and then remained still. This deeply moved Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; who thought to himself, "These are&nbsp; the friends I can truly befriend."&nbsp; "Hey, playing the brotherhood card again?" The muscular man sneered, "Since you don't want&nbsp;&nbsp; to leave, then you shouldn't leave either." "Take them inside."&nbsp; The muscular man pointed to a desolate&nbsp; construction site next to him.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was about to resist when he&nbsp; heard that they were to be pushed to a&nbsp;&nbsp; deserted place, and thought to himself, "Perfect." He then followed them into the construction site.&nbsp; Meanwhile, the three brothers Fu Hao, Mingxing,&nbsp; and Niu Bi, who were traveling with them,&nbsp;&nbsp; were on tenterhooks the whole way. This is an abandoned construction site.&nbsp; "Brother, I'll give you a chance. Let me find&nbsp; out who sent you, and I'll go easy on you later."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked at the&nbsp; muscular man and said leisurely.&nbsp; The muscular man assumed that the&nbsp; other party was so frightened that&nbsp;&nbsp; they couldn't even tell what was going on. Fu Hao: "Celebrity, what happened to Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang? Is he scared out of his wits?&nbsp; Why is he talking incoherently..."&nbsp; Hao Niu Bi: "I just... hope&nbsp; they'll go easy on me later..."&nbsp; "Heh, it's fine to tell you, just don't&nbsp; offend Young Master Fan in the future.&nbsp;&nbsp; With a flick of his finger, Young Master Fan&nbsp; can make you die without a burial place."&nbsp; "Brothers, give them a shot!" the muscular man pounced on Xiao Qiang first. Several people also rushed towards Fu Hao and his&nbsp;&nbsp; group, and Fu Hao and his two companions gritted&nbsp; their teeth and started fighting with them.&nbsp; However, to everyone's surprise, The more powerfully the muscular&nbsp;&nbsp; man charges, the faster he flies backward. Just as the muscular man rushed in front of&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, a pair of huge feet suddenly appeared&nbsp; in front of him, and then he was sent flying...&nbsp; Then he fainted! Nonsense! The skills&nbsp;&nbsp; of 800,000 Imperial Guard instructors over 40&nbsp; years are far beyond what you, a descendant of&nbsp;&nbsp; countless generations, can withstand. He knocked the muscle man away.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang charged into the battle&nbsp; like a tiger released from its cage.&nbsp; Then… That was the end of it.&nbsp; All that remained was a scene&nbsp; of wailing and lamentation.&nbsp; The three fighters, who were in the middle of a&nbsp; fierce battle, suddenly realized that all their&nbsp;&nbsp; opponents were lying on the ground. "Holy crap, Xiao Qiang... your&nbsp;&nbsp; martial arts in Kyoto is awesome..." "Did they start practicing this in the womb...?"&nbsp; "He's accomplished in both&nbsp; literary and martial arts..."&nbsp; All three of them stared at Xiao&nbsp; Qiang as if he were a monster.&nbsp; "How are you? Are you hurt?" Xiao Qiang asked with concern,&nbsp;&nbsp; since the whole thing was his fault. The three had never been in a group&nbsp;&nbsp; fight before; they were all model students and&nbsp; model children. But once they started fighting,&nbsp;&nbsp; it all seemed to become instinctive. The more they&nbsp; fought, the more excited they became, completely&nbsp;&nbsp; ignoring the pain in their bodies. Only after stopping did I&nbsp;&nbsp; realize the pain in my body. Fu Hao: "Ouch, my stomach..."&nbsp; Dong Mingxing: "My head, oh my god,&nbsp; which bastard hit me on the head..."&nbsp; Hao Niu Bi: "Quickly check my face,&nbsp; is it injured? Is it disfigured?"&nbsp; The three of them sat on&nbsp; the ground, panting heavily.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang then turned around and walked&nbsp; up to the muscular man, took out his phone,&nbsp;&nbsp; and sure enough, Fan Zhengyang had&nbsp; called him both last night and just now.&nbsp; He dialed Fan Zhengyang's number directly. The call was answered immediately. "Dazhuang,&nbsp;&nbsp; how's it going? Did you teach&nbsp; that country bumpkin a lesson?"&nbsp; "Fan Zhengyang, I'm afraid&nbsp; you'll be disappointed."&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang?" Fan Zhengyang was extremely surprised.&nbsp; "Where are Dazhuang and the others?&nbsp; How come you have his phone?"&nbsp; "Fan Zhengyang, your men are too useless. They&nbsp; can't take a beating at all. They're all wailing&nbsp;&nbsp; and howling on the ground." Listen to this.&nbsp; Listen to how desperately they screamed. Upon hearing this, Fan Zhengyang exclaimed,&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's right, he's crying&nbsp; and begging for his parents!"&nbsp; "You've got guts, we'll see!" Enraged by Xiao Qiang's sarcastic&nbsp;&nbsp; remarks, Fan Zhengyang uttered a weak but&nbsp; harsh remark before hanging up the phone.&nbsp; "Let's go, guys. I've dragged you all&nbsp; into this. I'll treat you to a big meal."&nbsp; There was&nbsp;&nbsp; only one hour-long class in the afternoon, so it&nbsp; didn't make things too difficult for Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; As reminded by the homeroom teacher, class&nbsp; committee members will be elected tonight.&nbsp; Therefore, most students arrived at the&nbsp; classroom more than half an hour early.&nbsp; At this time, Fan Zhengyang was extremely busy. At 7 o'clock, the homeroom teacher,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Xintong, arrived at the classroom on time. "Classmates, in order to facilitate the daily&nbsp;&nbsp; management of the class and the communication&nbsp; of school affairs, we will elect class monitor,&nbsp;&nbsp; sports committee member, academic committee&nbsp; member, and Youth League secretary tonight."&nbsp; The election of class committee members&nbsp; involves candidates registering, giving&nbsp;&nbsp; campaign speeches, and then a vote by all members. After Liu Xintong explained the election rules,&nbsp;&nbsp; the election for class monitor immediately began. There were many candidates for class monitor;&nbsp;&nbsp; seven people, including Fan Zhengyang&nbsp; and Liu Qingyuan, signed up to run.&nbsp; Seeing Xiao Qiang sitting calmly in his&nbsp; seat, Liu Xintong felt extremely anxious.&nbsp; Any teacher will instinctively like&nbsp; students who do well in their studies.&nbsp; She gave Xiao Qiang countless questioning&nbsp; looks, but all she received in return was&nbsp;&nbsp; a faint smile from him. What a joke, buddy,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to be the richest man in the world. I don't have time to be a class monitor.&nbsp; In a couple of days, I might not&nbsp; even have time to attend classes.&nbsp; Ultimately, to Xiao Qiang's surprise,&nbsp; his arch-rival Fan Zhengyang was elected&nbsp;&nbsp; class monitor with a high number of votes. Liu Qingyuan was elected as the class monitor.&nbsp; Fu Hao was elected as the sports committee&nbsp; member because of his strong physique.&nbsp; When making his acceptance speech,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang said that he would cover all&nbsp; the class expenses for the next four years.&nbsp; This made all the students&nbsp; sigh and say that having a rich&nbsp;&nbsp; second-generation classmate is really awesome. During his speech, this guy kept glancing at Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang, clearly showing off. "It's a miracle that Fan Zhengyang, that bastard,&nbsp; was elected class monitor. God must be blind."&nbsp; As soon as he got back to his dorm,&nbsp; Dong Mingxing started complaining.&nbsp; When they saw that the mastermind behind the&nbsp; beating at noon had been elected class monitor,&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone was indignant. "Xiaoqiang, why don't you&nbsp;&nbsp; run for class monitor?" Fu Hao asked curiously.&nbsp; "Yeah, you're number one in the country,&nbsp; why didn't you apply for any positions?"&nbsp; Hao Niubi was also very puzzled. "I want to be the world's richest person,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't have time to be the class monitor." Xiao Qiang spoke his mind.&nbsp; "Holy crap, Xiaoqiang's act&nbsp; is so cool, I'm speechless."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang knew that no one would believe him,&nbsp; so he spoke this seemingly impressive truth. Chapter 37 Okchin's Visit to China The next day, Fan Zhengyang, who was elected class&nbsp;&nbsp; monitor, was in high spirits and sat down next to&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan as soon as he entered the classroom.&nbsp; "Liu Qingyuan, we are both class&nbsp; committee members. If there are any&nbsp;&nbsp; shortcomings in my work, I hope you will&nbsp; not hesitate to give me your guidance."&nbsp; If you need any help with anything,&nbsp; whether it's in your daily life or studies,&nbsp;&nbsp; feel free to tell me, and I'll do my best to help.&nbsp; "Our Fan family still holds&nbsp; some influence in Yanjing."&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang is always&nbsp; talking about the Fan family.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan smiled noncommittally, "Okay." As always, he is extremely sparing with words.&nbsp; This made Fan Zhengyang very embarrassed. "Move aside, this is my seat!" Xiao Qiang arrived at the&nbsp;&nbsp; seat at some point and spoke to Fan&nbsp; Zhengyang with a displeased expression.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, is your name written&nbsp; on this seat? I'm the class monitor,&nbsp;&nbsp; why are you making me move?" Fan Zhengyang was furious.&nbsp; However, ever since his underling was beaten up&nbsp; by Xiao Qiang yesterday, this guy has become a&nbsp;&nbsp; little apprehensive whenever he sees Xiao Qiang. According to the descriptions of the muscular men,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was simply a ferocious fighting expert. He could easily take on ten opponents at once.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan turned her head and looked&nbsp; at Xiao Qiang with great interest. She&nbsp;&nbsp; was very curious about how he, who was born&nbsp; in the countryside, had the courage to fight&nbsp;&nbsp; against the super-rich second-generation&nbsp; of the ten major families in Yanjing.&nbsp; "My name wasn't written on it, but I was&nbsp; the only boy who could sit in the seat next&nbsp;&nbsp; to Liu Qingyuan." What the female&nbsp;&nbsp; classmates say is none of my business. Xiao Qiang's words exuded an air of dominance,&nbsp;&nbsp; which immediately caught Liu Qingyuan's eye. "funny."&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang chuckled and ignored Xiao&nbsp; Qiang, then opened his textbook on his own.&nbsp; "Then you'd better sit tight, Squad Leader Fan." Fan Zhengyang sneered, "That's it?"&nbsp; You just said something tough,&nbsp; and now you're backing down?&nbsp; You've been proven wrong! As Fan Zhengyang was inwardly&nbsp;&nbsp; complaining, he suddenly felt the chair shake,&nbsp; and then he felt himself floating in the air.&nbsp; "I... damn it..." Fan Zhengyang was&nbsp;&nbsp; startled and quickly grabbed the chair armrest. "My God, Xiao Qiang is absolutely amazing."&nbsp; "That takes a lot of strength..." The classroom erupted in an uproar.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang grabbed the chair&nbsp; handles with both hands,&nbsp;&nbsp; lifted Fan Zhengyang up along with the chair,&nbsp; and walked towards the back of the classroom.&nbsp; Looking at Xiao Qiang, however, he showed&nbsp; no signs of strain and remained relaxed.&nbsp; As the saying goes, Xiang Yu once lifted a&nbsp; giant cauldron weighing a thousand catties,&nbsp;&nbsp; and now I, Xiao Qiang, can take down a&nbsp; person and a chair in one fell swoop!&nbsp; After placing Fan Zhengyang in the last&nbsp; row, Xiao Qiang moved another chair and&nbsp;&nbsp; sat down next to Liu Qingyuan. At this moment, Liu Qingyuan was&nbsp;&nbsp; also filled with shock. "This Xiao Qiang's way&nbsp;&nbsp; of doing things is really quite unique." Fan Zhengyang felt that his dignity as the class&nbsp;&nbsp; monitor had been completely lost at that moment. "I'll go back sooner or later!"&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang shouted loudly&nbsp; in Xiao Qiang's direction.&nbsp; This weak and feeble cry elicited&nbsp; a snicker from the classmates.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was also amused and laughed out loud. She was a beautiful woman, and now she had a&nbsp;&nbsp; genuine smile on her face, which left&nbsp; Xiao Qiang speechless for a while.&nbsp; "Liu Qingyuan, you are so beautiful." Liu Qingyuan looked at Xiao Qiang, who was&nbsp;&nbsp; staring blankly at her, then suppressed her smile&nbsp; and returned to her previous icy beauty demeanor.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang didn't mind. What he didn't notice was that&nbsp;&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang had a gloomy face throughout&nbsp; the class, seemingly deep in thought.&nbsp; There are no classes in the afternoon.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang took the opportunity to wander&nbsp; around the Yenching University campus.&nbsp; Suddenly I noticed a large group of&nbsp; students gathered in front of Yenching&nbsp;&nbsp; University's Centennial Hall. "Senior, what are you doing?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang asked a student who was&nbsp; looking around from the outside.&nbsp; "I heard that a US federal senator is giving a&nbsp; speech inside, and he'll be coming out soon."&nbsp; "Oh, it's just a senator, what's&nbsp; so interesting about him?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang muttered a couple of&nbsp; things and was about to leave.&nbsp; Suddenly, the crowd erupted in&nbsp; excitement as a group of foreigners&nbsp;&nbsp; emerged from the century-old lecture hall. Xiao Qiang was instantly shocked when he saw it.&nbsp; "Holy crap, isn't that Okchin, the&nbsp; African-American president of the United States?"&nbsp; He thought about it carefully, "Oh right, at this&nbsp; time Okchin was just a federal senator. He should&nbsp;&nbsp; have won the presidential election in December&nbsp; of this year and taken office as president."&nbsp; Okchin emerged from the century-old auditorium&nbsp; with a beaming smile. He had just been nominated&nbsp;&nbsp; as the Democratic Party's presidential&nbsp; candidate before his visit to China.&nbsp; He smiled and waved to the students below. Suddenly, his face contorted in pain. Just&nbsp;&nbsp; as his entourage noticed this, Okchin's vision&nbsp; went black, and he fell straight down the steps.&nbsp; This unexpected situation threw the accompanying&nbsp; personnel from both countries into a panic.&nbsp; However, the medical experts accompanying&nbsp; the M country immediately came to their side.&nbsp; First, he gestured for the surrounding&nbsp; students to be evacuated, then he took out&nbsp;&nbsp; his equipment and began to examine them. [Ding! A system quest for the dog has&nbsp;&nbsp; arrived: Rescue Okchin.] [Mission Completed: Reward:&nbsp;&nbsp; Unlimited Superhuman Time Travel Cards] [Mission failed: All assets confiscated.]&nbsp; Xiao Qiang cursed inwardly, thinking&nbsp; that this system was as useless as ever.&nbsp; However, since Xiao Qiang had already intended&nbsp; to treat Okchin, he didn't complain too much.&nbsp; Officials in China also urgently reported&nbsp; this emergency to their superiors.&nbsp; Shortly after, a helicopter landed on&nbsp; the playground of Yenching University.&nbsp; A group of experts followed; these&nbsp; were all full-time doctors serving&nbsp;&nbsp; the most elite group of people in China. This demonstrates the importance that&nbsp;&nbsp; China's top leadership attaches to this matter. However, they did not rush forward immediately,&nbsp;&nbsp; as the people from the M country did&nbsp; not advocate that Chinese doctors should&nbsp;&nbsp; provide emergency treatment for Okchin. Ten minutes passed, and Okchin still&nbsp;&nbsp; showed no signs of waking up. Left with no other choice,&nbsp;&nbsp; the M side representative had to agree&nbsp; to allow Chinese doctors to enter the&nbsp;&nbsp; makeshift medical facility to rescue Okchin. Their medical team serves the top few people&nbsp;&nbsp; in China year-round, and Lin&nbsp; Haiyuan is the team leader.&nbsp; Before coming to China, a bigwig who frequently&nbsp; appeared on television told Lin Haiyuan, "Don't&nbsp;&nbsp; underestimate this Okchin just because he's only&nbsp; a federal senator now. Before coming to China,&nbsp;&nbsp; he was nominated by the Democratic&nbsp; Party as their presidential candidate."&nbsp; Therefore, if anything were&nbsp; to happen to him in China,&nbsp;&nbsp; it could trigger a political upheaval. So, Lao Lin, it's all up to you!&nbsp; "What was the&nbsp;&nbsp; diagnosis from the medical experts at M side?" Lin Haiyuan asked with a solemn expression.&nbsp; Those selected for the Okchin&nbsp; medical team are certainly not&nbsp;&nbsp; ordinary doctors, yet even they were helpless. This made Lin Haiyuan feel quite troubled.&nbsp; The accompanying translator immediately&nbsp; asked the expert from side M.&nbsp; "Professor Lin, they said that based on&nbsp; the patient's symptoms and their diagnosis,&nbsp;&nbsp; it should be a cerebral infarction." They said they had given the patient&nbsp;&nbsp; analgesic drugs, but the patient&nbsp; still showed no signs of waking up.&nbsp; This greatly puzzled the&nbsp; medical experts on side M.&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan quickly stepped forward and&nbsp; examined the area with his eyes, nose, and&nbsp;&nbsp; palpation. His brows furrowed even more deeply. He then had an elderly man with gray hair who was&nbsp;&nbsp; accompanying him come forward to examine him. The two men looked at each other, and both saw&nbsp;&nbsp; a solemn expression in each other's eyes. "Old Lin, my opinion leans more towards&nbsp;&nbsp; brainstem infarction than a regular&nbsp; stroke. What's your opinion?"&nbsp; The elderly man speaking was named Xu&nbsp; Chunxiang. He was the eighth-generation&nbsp;&nbsp; inheritor of the Xu family of traditional&nbsp; Chinese medicine practitioners in Yanjing,&nbsp;&nbsp; and three generations of his ancestors had&nbsp; served as imperial physicians in the palace.&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan nodded, “That’s&nbsp; exactly what I was thinking.”&nbsp; Brainstem infarction occurs in areas close&nbsp; to the respiratory and circulatory centers,&nbsp;&nbsp; resulting in a low surgical success rate. The mortality rate is extremely high,&nbsp;&nbsp; and even if someone survives the surgery, they&nbsp; cannot recover to a normal state afterward. Chapter 38 Thirteen Needles&nbsp; of the Ghost Gate (Part 1)&nbsp; "Old Xu, how confident are you?" Lin Haiyuan took a deep&nbsp;&nbsp; breath and then asked casually. Xu Chunxiang pondered for a moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; his expression still heavy. "Alas, it's a&nbsp; pity that my Xu family only has a fragment&nbsp;&nbsp; of the Thirteen Ghost Needles manual. It only&nbsp; records the first seven needles. My father&nbsp;&nbsp; only taught me these seven needles. These seven&nbsp; needles can only guarantee that he won't die."&nbsp; Redundant... sigh..." His words revealed his helplessness.&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan's strength lies in treating the&nbsp; pathological conditions of the internal organs,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he is not very adept at treating the&nbsp; pathological conditions of the brain.&nbsp; "Inform the experts and leaders of the&nbsp; M side that, based on our diagnosis,&nbsp;&nbsp; they unanimously believe that Mr. Okchin's&nbsp; symptoms are consistent with brainstem infarction,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that through Chinese acupuncture techniques,&nbsp; we can only guarantee Mr. Okchin's life."&nbsp; He pondered for a moment, then continued speaking. "But even if he survives, he will most likely lose&nbsp;&nbsp; his language and mobility abilities." Lin Haiyuan instructed the accompanying&nbsp;&nbsp; translator to make the arrangements. The translator immediately translated&nbsp;&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan's words to the experts&nbsp; and person in charge from side M.&nbsp; This immediately caused a huge&nbsp; uproar within the M delegation.&nbsp; Neither outcome is acceptable to Party M. Having lost his ability to speak and move, Okchin&nbsp;&nbsp; will undoubtedly be treated as a political pawn. "Also tell them that the best time to treat&nbsp;&nbsp; a brainstem infarction is within one hour,&nbsp; and urge them to make a decision quickly."&nbsp; The translator translated Lin Haiyuan's&nbsp; words verbatim to the M side personnel.&nbsp; The temporary person in charge on the M side&nbsp; felt that this matter was of great importance&nbsp;&nbsp; and that they had to report it to the Blue Palace. Lin Haiyuan immediately reported to his superiors.&nbsp; Five more minutes passed, and 20&nbsp; minutes had passed since Okchin fainted.&nbsp; The onlookers were kept 50 meters away, and the&nbsp; students were all curious about what had happened.&nbsp; At this moment, Lin Haiyuan and Xu Chunxiang&nbsp; had left the temporary rescue site and were&nbsp;&nbsp; under the shade of a tree, discussing what&nbsp; precautions they should take if they were&nbsp;&nbsp; to participate in the treatment. Xiao Qiang was only two or three&nbsp;&nbsp; meters away from the shady spot,&nbsp; and he overheard their conversation.&nbsp; "Old Xu, if the M side&nbsp;&nbsp; agrees to let us carry out the rescue later, then&nbsp; we'll have to trouble you. We'll assist you."&nbsp; "Why…" Xu Chunxiang sighed.&nbsp; If I'm lucky, I'll be cured; If something goes wrong…&nbsp; The consequences are unimaginable. Just when the two were at their wits' end.&nbsp; "I have a way to cure him!" These words reached the ears&nbsp;&nbsp; of the two masters of traditional Chinese&nbsp; medicine as if they were heavenly music.&nbsp; They instinctively thought they&nbsp; had encountered a master craftsman,&nbsp;&nbsp; because in China, many hidden talents&nbsp; often live in seclusion in the countryside.&nbsp; It's not impossible to encounter&nbsp; such extraordinary individuals.&nbsp; But when the two turned around, they saw that the&nbsp; speaker was a student with a young appearance.&nbsp; "Little one, who are you?" At this moment, the two big shots wondered,&nbsp;&nbsp; could this be the successor of a reclusive hermit? "I am a freshman at Yenching University."&nbsp; "So, your family is a family of traditional&nbsp; Chinese medicine practitioners?"&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan spoke again. "No, my family has been poor&nbsp;&nbsp; farmers for three generations." Xiao Qiang's words shattered&nbsp;&nbsp; the hopes of the two bigwigs instantly. Seeing the disappointed expressions on the two big&nbsp;&nbsp; shots' faces, Xiao Qiang was quite understanding. After all, I am just a student, not from a family&nbsp;&nbsp; of traditional Chinese medicine practitioners,&nbsp; and no one would think I have medical skills.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang didn't understand medicine, but&nbsp; he clearly heard them say that the Thirteen&nbsp;&nbsp; Ghost Needles, passed down from the famous&nbsp; Tang Dynasty physician Sun Simiao, could&nbsp;&nbsp; completely restore Okchin to his original state. As for why Xiao Qiang wanted to save Okchin?&nbsp; Nonsense! This guy is going to become the&nbsp; president of the world's number one superpower in&nbsp;&nbsp; three months. Now that he's become his savior, the&nbsp; future return on investment will be immeasurable.&nbsp; "Little one, do you know who's inside?" Do you know what illness he has?&nbsp; Do you know what serious consequences&nbsp; might result if the treatment goes wrong?&nbsp; Xu Chunxiang asked several questions in&nbsp; one breath, his tone slightly dissatisfied.&nbsp; On such an important occasion, you, a&nbsp; student, are spouting such arrogant words.&nbsp; This wasn't because he was narrow-minded; it&nbsp; was entirely because he was facing immense&nbsp;&nbsp; mental pressure at the time. It prevented him from&nbsp;&nbsp; maintaining a peaceful state of mind. "I don't know who the person inside is,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I've heard from you that&nbsp; he has a brainstem infarction."&nbsp; I don't know what serious consequences&nbsp; would result if the treatment went wrong,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I do know that in at most two minutes the&nbsp; patient would bleed from all seven orifices.&nbsp; "At most 15 minutes, even&nbsp; a miracle won't save him."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang spoke with an air of certainty. "Arrogant."&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan could no longer remain&nbsp; calm and blurted out his criticism.&nbsp; "Young people these days are really bold, spouting&nbsp; nonsense without any regard for the occasion."&nbsp; "that is……" Two minutes later,&nbsp;&nbsp; the translator rushed over and said, "Professor&nbsp; Xu, Professor Lin, something terrible has&nbsp;&nbsp; happened! The patient is bleeding from all seven&nbsp; orifices. The M side has been instructed to allow&nbsp;&nbsp; our personnel to begin treatment immediately." Lin Haiyuan and Xu Chunxiang looked shocked,&nbsp;&nbsp; their eyes turning to Xiao Qiang beside them. The two then immediately returned&nbsp;&nbsp; to the temporary emergency center. After 30 seconds of efficient preparation.&nbsp; "Old Xu, it's all up to you..." Xu Chunxiang nodded, took out&nbsp;&nbsp; silver needles, and looked at Okchin, whose&nbsp; seven orifices were still bleeding faintly.&nbsp; But after about 20 seconds, the hand&nbsp; holding the silver needle did not fall.&nbsp; "Old Xu?... " Lin Haiyuan was anxious;&nbsp;&nbsp; time was extremely tight, and he couldn't&nbsp; afford to waste even a fraction of a second.&nbsp; Xu Chunxiang looked helpless.&nbsp; "Given his current condition,&nbsp;&nbsp; I have absolutely no idea what to expect..." The meaning is clear: before bleeding from&nbsp;&nbsp; all seven orifices, he could save the&nbsp; patient's life by using the incomplete&nbsp;&nbsp; Thirteen Ghost Needles technique. But now, he can't even do that.&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan panicked completely. "Professor Lin, the M side is&nbsp;&nbsp; questioning why treatment hasn't started&nbsp; yet to ensure the patient's life."&nbsp; They claim our actions were a deliberate delay and&nbsp; an attempt to kill key personnel on the M side,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they intend to file a complaint&nbsp; against us with their superiors.&nbsp; After hearing the translation, Lin Haiyuan&nbsp; and Xu Chunxiang felt a headache coming on.&nbsp; What you fear most is exactly what happens. At this moment, Xu Chunxiang had no choice&nbsp;&nbsp; but to close his eyes and get up. Lin Haiyuan seemed to have made a&nbsp;&nbsp; decision, and ran straight to the&nbsp; outside of the emergency center.&nbsp; "Little one, are you really confident&nbsp; you can heal the one inside?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang glanced at his watch. "There's&nbsp; still some left. But if it's been another&nbsp;&nbsp; five minutes, I'm not sure." "Okay, come in with me."&nbsp; Led by Lin Haiyuan, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; entered the emergency center.&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin, the Party Secretary of&nbsp; Yenching University, saw Lin Haiyuan&nbsp;&nbsp; bring in a young student. "Old Lin, who is he?"&nbsp; "You are freshmen at Peking University." "Huh?...Why did you bring him in?"&nbsp; "Get treatment. Time is short,&nbsp; don't ask too many questions."&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin was already&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely nervous at this moment. If he didn't&nbsp; handle this kind of thing properly, he would be&nbsp;&nbsp; punished for it happening on his own turf. Now another of his students has appeared,&nbsp;&nbsp; volunteering to treat the other person. If this gets cured...&nbsp; The thought of those consequences left&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin completely bewildered! Chapter 39 Thirteen Needles&nbsp; of the Ghost Gate (Part 2)&nbsp; "What? You let a kid in Therapy?" “How do you treat an accident?&nbsp;&nbsp; Can you take responsibility” The M side representative was utterly enraged.&nbsp; The opponent's performance was&nbsp; within Lin Haiyuan's expectations.&nbsp; They wouldn't have taken this risk&nbsp; if they hadn't been forced to.&nbsp; "Tell them that I will take full responsibility&nbsp; if anything goes wrong with the treatment."&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan's face was gloomy. "And me..."&nbsp; Xu Chunxiang also stepped forward. With the combined assurances of the two renowned&nbsp;&nbsp; traditional Chinese medicine practitioners, the&nbsp; representative from Party M finally agreed to&nbsp;&nbsp; allow Xiao Qiang to undergo treatment. "Little one, it's your turn&nbsp;&nbsp; now. Don't feel guilty..." Lin Haiyuan prepared to give a pep talk.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang: "If he doesn't receive&nbsp; treatment soon, he'll die..."&nbsp; "Ahem... let's get started..." "May I borrow your silver needles?"&nbsp; Xu Chunxiang immediately handed the silver&nbsp; needles he carried with him to Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; With the silver needles in hand, Xiao Qiang's aura&nbsp; immediately surged, and the focus and dedication&nbsp;&nbsp; he displayed in that instant resembled&nbsp; that of a traditional Chinese medicine&nbsp;&nbsp; practitioner with decades of experience. Xiao Qiang focused intently, aiming the&nbsp;&nbsp; needle at the philtrum. The instant the silver&nbsp; needle was released, he murmured to himself...&nbsp; "One needle to Renzhong, two needles&nbsp; to Shaoshang, three needles to Yinbai,&nbsp;&nbsp; four needles to Lingliang." Five needles to Shenmai,&nbsp;&nbsp; six needles to Fengfu, seven needles&nbsp; to Jiache, eight needles to Chengjiang.&nbsp; Nine needles at Laogong, ten at Shangxing,&nbsp; eleven at Quchi, fire needle is strong.&nbsp; The twelfth perineum is not a problem; the&nbsp; thirteenth is the center of the tongue.&nbsp; He thrust and pricked with varying depths,&nbsp; sometimes swiftly, sometimes deeply,&nbsp;&nbsp; thirteen times in a row without pausing,&nbsp; leaving the surrounding bigwigs dumbfounded.&nbsp; With the final line, "The Thirteen Needles of&nbsp; Ghost Gate are unleashed, snatching the living&nbsp;&nbsp; from the King of Hell's palace!" Xiao Qiang finally stopped!&nbsp; "The Thirteen Ghost Needles? He actually&nbsp; knows the complete Thirteen Ghost Needles..."&nbsp; Xu Chunxiang exclaimed in surprise. "Old Xu, what's this 'Thirteen Ghost Needles'?"&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan asked. Judging from&nbsp; the child's acupuncture technique,&nbsp;&nbsp; he seemed to be quite skilled. "He used the Thirteen Ghost Needles&nbsp;&nbsp; technique. Although I haven't seen the last&nbsp; six needles, I know the first seven. Although&nbsp;&nbsp; the technique is slightly different from what I&nbsp; know, all the acupoints are exactly the same!"&nbsp; Xu Chunxiang explained with&nbsp; a face full of excitement.&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin, the Party Secretary of Yanda&nbsp; University, was also taken aback. Although he did&nbsp;&nbsp; not understand traditional Chinese medicine, he&nbsp; could tell from Xiao Qiang's technique and posture&nbsp;&nbsp; that this young man was definitely not simple. "Little one, is that all?"&nbsp; Seeing that Xiao Qiang had stopped,&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan asked anxiously.&nbsp; "It's over. He'll bleed from all seven orifices&nbsp; again within two minutes, but don't worry,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is just the blood draining from his brain.&nbsp; He'll definitely wake up within ten minutes."&nbsp; After hearing Xiao Qiang's words,&nbsp; Lin Qingyuan was half-convinced.&nbsp; However, a translator was still arranged to convey&nbsp; this information to the person in charge at M.&nbsp; Two minutes on a normal day&nbsp; pass in the blink of an eye.&nbsp; But those two minutes felt incredibly long,&nbsp; as everyone looked at the motionless Okchin&nbsp;&nbsp; with heavy hearts. A deathly silence!&nbsp; Everyone kept checking their watches. Suddenly, with a "poof," the motionless&nbsp;&nbsp; Okchin coughed up blood. Moreover, traces of blood&nbsp;&nbsp; gradually seeped from the eyes, nose, and ears. After vomiting blood, Okchin remained lying there&nbsp;&nbsp; motionless, showing no signs of waking up. "Alright, you can clean up the blood now!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang suddenly spoke. Only after receiving instructions&nbsp;&nbsp; from Lin Qingyuan did the nurses&nbsp; begin to clean Okchin with towels.&nbsp; Another long wait... Shi Zhanbin had never felt&nbsp;&nbsp; that 10 minutes could be so long. From the moment&nbsp; Okchin fell into a coma, his heart had been in his&nbsp;&nbsp; throat. He even felt that if he were to remain&nbsp; in such a tense state for another half hour...&nbsp; He should lie down too! Suddenly, a voice from&nbsp;&nbsp; the crowd said, "He's awake," instantly&nbsp; drawing everyone's attention to Okchin.&nbsp; Okchin slowly opened his dazed eyes and&nbsp; glanced around at the crowd surrounding him.&nbsp; Finally, their gaze fell on Xiao Qiang. "Thank you for saving me!"&nbsp; Of course, Okchin said this in English. Although he was unconscious just now,&nbsp;&nbsp; he still had some senses. Xiao Qiang naturally understood.&nbsp; He smiled slightly at the other person. Everyone was already surprised countless&nbsp;&nbsp; times today, and when they saw that Okchin&nbsp; could speak as soon as he opened his eyes,&nbsp;&nbsp; their hearts were finally at ease. What surprised them even more was that&nbsp;&nbsp; after feeling himself for a while,&nbsp; Okchin actually tried to get up.&nbsp; Just as the medical staff from side M&nbsp; were about to step forward to stop it.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said directly in English, "Don't&nbsp; stop him, let him get out of bed by himself."&nbsp; They dared not disobey Xiao Qiang's words. After all, the difficult and complicated diseases&nbsp;&nbsp; that even these medical experts couldn't handle&nbsp; were solved by this young man in front of them.&nbsp; Okchin, supporting himself on the bed,&nbsp; used his arms to exert some force,&nbsp;&nbsp; and after feeling that he was not seriously&nbsp; injured, he sat up with a little support.&nbsp; Then I got out of bed. Completed in one go.&nbsp; "Come on, walk a few steps..." Xiao Qiang was giving instructions.&nbsp; After a brief moment of reflection,&nbsp; Okchin began to move around!&nbsp; It's an absolutely silky smooth experience.&nbsp; A chorus of gasps of amazement&nbsp; rose and fell from the crowd.&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin stared at Xiao Qiang&nbsp; and said, "What a damn talent!"&nbsp; My Peking University is truly a&nbsp; place where hidden talents abound!&nbsp; Okchin excitedly quickened his pace,&nbsp; only stopping five minutes later.&nbsp; "Thank you so much for the medical help from&nbsp; all the elites in China. I am truly grateful."&nbsp; Okchin bowed to the group of Chinese&nbsp; people to express his gratitude.&nbsp; Looking at the energetic Okchin in&nbsp; front of them, Lin Haiyuan and Xu&nbsp;&nbsp; Chunxiang breathed a sigh of relief and&nbsp; then cast admiring glances at Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; They decided that they must learn&nbsp; more from this young miracle doctor.&nbsp; "Why don't you all go outside for a bit? I'd like&nbsp; to have a private chat with this miracle doctor."&nbsp; Okchin told everyone to leave. Everyone then left the makeshift first aid room.&nbsp; "What is your honorable&nbsp; surname, divine physician?"&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang". "Dr. Xiao, please allow&nbsp;&nbsp; me to express my gratitude to you once again.&nbsp; If it weren't for your treatment, I believe&nbsp;&nbsp; that even if I survived today, my political&nbsp; career would probably have ended prematurely."&nbsp; From now on, you will be my&nbsp; savior, my second parent.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was speechless. "I&nbsp; don't have a son as old as you."&nbsp; “Mr. Okchin, you are too kind. China and the&nbsp; United States are close friends. It is our&nbsp;&nbsp; duty to help our friends in the United States.” Okchin laughed heartily: "You're absolutely right,&nbsp;&nbsp; China and the United States are close partners." "However, Mr. Okchin, your illness cannot be&nbsp;&nbsp; completely cured, and there&nbsp; are further developments..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's hesitant remark made Okchin's&nbsp; heart leap into his throat once again.&nbsp; "Dr. Xiao, what should I do?" He asked hurriedly.&nbsp; "The reason your illness cannot be cured&nbsp; is that the lesions in the brainstem&nbsp;&nbsp; cannot be completely ablated in one go." After you return to the United States, you&nbsp;&nbsp; can have your top medical experts try to see if&nbsp; there is a way to completely ablate the lesions.&nbsp; After all, your country has&nbsp; more advanced medical equipment. Chapter 40 The principal endorses truancy "Oh, I see."&nbsp; What if it can't be dissolved in Country M either? Okchin pressed on with further questions.&nbsp; “I can completely dissolve&nbsp; it through acupuncture.”&nbsp; But it may take a while. Acupuncture is needed every six months.&nbsp; It takes about 5 to 6 years for the&nbsp; lesions to completely disappear.&nbsp; Okchin was very satisfied with the answer, as&nbsp; long as there was a way to cure it completely.&nbsp; It doesn't matter if it takes a long time. After a 10-minute discussion, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; came out of the temporary emergency center. Xiao Qiang also discovered that the number&nbsp;&nbsp; of "Master Time Travel Cards" in the&nbsp; system's database had become unlimited.&nbsp; During the ten or so minutes that&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Okchin were alone together, Lin&nbsp; Haiyuan and Xu Chunxiang stayed with Shi Zhanbin.&nbsp; Xu Chunxiang: "Old Shi, your Yanda University&nbsp; is full of hidden talents! A mere kid actually&nbsp;&nbsp; knows the long-lost Thirteen Ghost Needles&nbsp; technique, what a genius! What a genius!"&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan said, "Old Shi, when you&nbsp; come out later, talk to your student&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang. We may need to consult him on&nbsp; some medical issues from time to time."&nbsp; What do you think? ..." Shi Zhanbin was overjoyed&nbsp;&nbsp; and thrilled at that moment. These two medical giants,&nbsp;&nbsp; who served the leader, were actually&nbsp; asking their own students for advice.&nbsp; How could he, as the principal, not be proud? "No problem, I'll talk to him later."&nbsp; Xiao Qiangzhong finally came out. Lin and Xu quickly winked at Shi Zhanbin.&nbsp; "Hey kid, come here!" Shi Zhanbin immediately called Xiao Qiang over.&nbsp; "Student, I am Shi Zhanbin, the Party Secretary&nbsp; and President of Yenching University."&nbsp; First of all, on behalf of all the faculty&nbsp; and students of Yenching University,&nbsp;&nbsp; I would like to express my sincere gratitude to&nbsp; you. It was you who helped Yenching University&nbsp;&nbsp; successfully extricate itself from this crisis. Furthermore, well… look, this is Academician&nbsp;&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan, and this is Academician Xu&nbsp; Chunxiang. They are both authorities and&nbsp;&nbsp; leading figures in China's medical field.” Lin and Xu waved to Xiao Qiang again.&nbsp; "The two academicians have a small request.&nbsp; They would like to ask you some questions about&nbsp;&nbsp; medicine. What do you think?" "Yes, yes, may I ask you?"&nbsp; Lin and Xu blushed as they recalled&nbsp; their earlier disdain for Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang: "Principal Shi, first of all, let&nbsp; me state my position: I am very willing to&nbsp;&nbsp; exchange some medical information with you two." Which great medical scholar doesn't have some&nbsp;&nbsp; hidden skills? But the bad habit of letting the&nbsp; land starve the master is still prevalent today.&nbsp; Upon hearing that the other party had actually&nbsp; agreed, Lin and Xu were instantly overjoyed.&nbsp; "But as you know, the academic workload at&nbsp; Yenching University is very heavy. Everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; is making the most of every minute to study.&nbsp; If you're not careful, you'll fail a course."&nbsp; Everyone noticed Xiao Qiang's troubled expression. "Old Shi, this..."&nbsp; Lin and Xu turned to look at Shi Zhanbin. "Um... classmate, look, I promise you,&nbsp;&nbsp; no matter what your score is, I definitely&nbsp; won't let you fail. What do you say?"&nbsp; After saying that, Shi Zhanbin looked&nbsp; at Xiao Qiang with anticipation.&nbsp; "However, if I were to have a conversation&nbsp; with the two academicians, I might miss many&nbsp;&nbsp; classes. I wonder how Yenching University&nbsp; punishes students who skip classes...?"&nbsp; "Just run away, I'll talk&nbsp; to the substitute teacher."&nbsp; After saying this, Shi Zhanbin blushed,&nbsp; realizing what outrageous things he had said.&nbsp; "That's settled, no problem." Xiao Qiang readily agreed.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang then gave his phone number to the&nbsp; two academicians and went to Yiheyuan Villa.&nbsp; "Mu Yao, how's the company doing lately?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang immediately called&nbsp; Li Muyao into his office.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, the trading department has been&nbsp; doing exceptionally well lately. The balance&nbsp;&nbsp; in Pacific Investment's M-share account&nbsp; has now reached 7 billion US dollars."&nbsp; Qiangsheng Real Estate has already&nbsp; acquired land in the capital cities&nbsp;&nbsp; of eight southeastern provinces and&nbsp; will soon enter the development cycle.&nbsp; "But of the 6 billion you transferred to&nbsp; China last time, 4 billion has already been&nbsp;&nbsp; spent. If we continue to expand and acquire&nbsp; land, the funds are a bit insufficient."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded. He instinctively&nbsp; resisted the high-leverage model adopted&nbsp;&nbsp; by many developers in later generations&nbsp; when it came to real estate development.&nbsp; However, real estate development&nbsp; is a high-cash-flow industry,&nbsp;&nbsp; which requires a massive amount of capital. After a moment's thought, he decided to&nbsp;&nbsp; "contact major banks and increase leverage." Qiangsheng Real Estate currently has a land&nbsp;&nbsp; reserve of 20 million square meters, which is a&nbsp; remarkable achievement for a real estate company&nbsp;&nbsp; that has only been established for a few months. At this time, China's real estate market was still&nbsp;&nbsp; in the recovery period. Qiangsheng Real Estate's&nbsp; land reserves of 20 million square meters were&nbsp;&nbsp; enough to rank it among the top 20 in the&nbsp; country in terms of individual indicators.&nbsp; However, compared to the land reserves of hundreds&nbsp; of millions of square meters in later generations,&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiangsheng Real Estate still has a long way to go. Increasing leverage is a last resort; we can only&nbsp;&nbsp; wait for further leverage control measures. First, seize the territory.&nbsp; Li Muyao nodded. She had suggested to Xiao&nbsp; Qiang several times that they increase leverage,&nbsp;&nbsp; and now he finally agreed! Just then, there was a&nbsp;&nbsp; knock on Xiao Qiang's office door. After receiving Xiao Qiang's consent,&nbsp;&nbsp; the door opened, and a woman with a&nbsp; great figure and good looks entered,&nbsp;&nbsp; exuding a strong mature woman's aura. This is Xiao Qiang's favorite.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, here's some freshly ground&nbsp; coffee for you. Please have a taste."&nbsp; When Lin Xuejiao saw the young boss&nbsp; staring straight at her with a hint&nbsp;&nbsp; of something else in his eyes, her face&nbsp; instantly turned red with embarrassment.&nbsp; "Put it down!" Li Muyao was speechless. "Say something! Staring&nbsp;&nbsp; at someone like that on our first meeting." "Uh, yes, you can put it down now, thanks!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was also slightly&nbsp; embarrassed by his loss of composure.&nbsp; After Lin Xuejiao left. "This is?"&nbsp; Li Muyao sighed helplessly, "How long has&nbsp; it been since you last came to the company!"&nbsp; "That's our pastry chef. She's currently&nbsp; single, has a gentle personality,&nbsp;&nbsp; and most importantly, she's got a great&nbsp; figure and looks—just your type. So..."&nbsp; "Cough cough." Xiao Qiang was extremely&nbsp;&nbsp; embarrassed. Why did you specifically emphasize&nbsp; looks and physique? They're exactly my type!&nbsp; Do I want to eat it, or what? "Come with me to the trading&nbsp;&nbsp; department." The people in the trading department&nbsp; work at night and rest during the&nbsp;&nbsp; day because they trade M-shares. Right now, they're enjoying a feast&nbsp;&nbsp; of king crab and other expensive seafood&nbsp; at the restaurant next to the trading room.&nbsp; "Master Cheng, could you use your five-star&nbsp; culinary skills to make some instant noodles&nbsp;&nbsp; or something for the guys tomorrow...?" The guys have been eating so much seafood&nbsp;&nbsp; lately they're starting to feel nauseous. "Li Le, you should have said so earlier! I'd&nbsp;&nbsp; make you guys instant noodles with&nbsp; stir-fried king crab tomorrow..."&nbsp; "Oh, everyone's here."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang followed the sound to the restaurant. "Hello, Mr. Xiao..."&nbsp; "Hello, boss..." "Mu Yao, recruit one five-star chef for&nbsp; each of the Cantonese, Sichuan, Hunan,&nbsp;&nbsp; Shanxi, and Beijing cuisines to give&nbsp; everyone a different flavor every day."&nbsp; "Wow, Mr. Xiao is awesome..." "Cool…"&nbsp; The traders cheered with joy. "Those who have eaten, come to the&nbsp;&nbsp; conference room, let's have a meeting." Everyone immediately put down the crab&nbsp;&nbsp; legs they were eating, washed their&nbsp; hands, and went to the meeting room.&nbsp; "We've made a lot of money recently&nbsp; shorting M-shares. There's nothing&nbsp;&nbsp; special planned for today." "Give everyone bonuses."&nbsp; Screams erupted from the conference room. "Li Le, Zhang Kun, the four of you have done&nbsp;&nbsp; a good job as leaders during this period. This&nbsp; is your bonus for this period, 2 million each."&nbsp; The remaining traders each received 500,000. After the meeting, Mr. Li will arrange for the&nbsp;&nbsp; money to be deposited into your salary cards. As soon as Xiao Qiang finished speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; the conference room erupted in chaos. "Boss is awesome..."&nbsp; "The boss is handsome..." "Dad's cow..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang instructed everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; to continue following the trading strategy&nbsp; he had given them, and also said that they&nbsp;&nbsp; were going to pull off a big one next month. This makes everyone extremely excited. They&nbsp;&nbsp; already feel incredibly awesome that they&nbsp; are making 230 million US dollars a day.&nbsp; How big is the "big life"&nbsp; the boss is talking about? Chapter 41 Rewarding the Meritorious Officials "Mu Yao, everyone looks pretty tired. Let's set&nbsp;&nbsp; up a massage department, hire some pretty&nbsp; young ladies, and let everyone relax with&nbsp;&nbsp; a massage when they have nothing to do." Xiao Qiang had barely finished speaking.&nbsp; The traders were practically calling Xiao Qiang&nbsp; "Dad"—even their own fathers didn't show such&nbsp;&nbsp; meticulous and thoughtful care. After the meeting,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang called Li Muyao to his office. The two sat facing each other at the desk.&nbsp; "Mu Yao, some things can be delegated&nbsp; to your subordinates. There's no&nbsp;&nbsp; need to do everything yourself." Feeling the other person's concern,&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Muyao felt a warmth in her heart&nbsp; and said coquettishly, "Okay, I know!"&nbsp; "Mu Yao, come here, let me give you a massage.&nbsp; It's a reward for you, my great contributor."&nbsp; "Huh? Here?" "Yes! There's a&nbsp;&nbsp; bed in my suite!" "oh."&nbsp; The two walked together into the suite. He now has special feelings for Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Although he looks young, his words and&nbsp; actions reveal a maturity beyond his years.&nbsp; When she was with Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; she always felt cared for.&nbsp; Moreover, Xiao Qiang was his savior. A mix of complex emotions made her unable&nbsp;&nbsp; to clearly explain her feelings for Xiao Qiang. Li Muyao obediently lay down on Xiao Qiang's bed,&nbsp;&nbsp; which gave her a strange feeling. Xiao Qiang's massage skills were&nbsp;&nbsp; truly impressive; after just ten minutes,&nbsp; Li Muyao exclaimed how comfortable it felt.&nbsp; "Mu Yao, you really know how to gain&nbsp; weight. You have plenty in the right places,&nbsp;&nbsp; but not an ounce of fat in the wrong places." Xiao Qiang showered Li Muyao with praise.&nbsp; This put Li Muyao in a great mood;&nbsp; no woman could resist such praise.&nbsp; In fact, ever since Xiao Qiang first met&nbsp; Li Muyao, he has been unable to forget the&nbsp;&nbsp; scenes from that day. He also harbored an&nbsp;&nbsp; indescribable affection for her. The man was in love with the woman,&nbsp;&nbsp; and everything happened so naturally. "Xiao Qiang, I know you have grand life&nbsp; goals, and you often say you're against&nbsp;&nbsp; marriage. So you don't need to feel guilty." I'm willing to be the woman behind you,&nbsp;&nbsp; supporting you unconditionally. Li Muyao stared into Xiao Qiang's eyes and&nbsp;&nbsp; spoke her true feelings with utmost seriousness. With a woman like this, what more could a husband&nbsp;&nbsp; ask for? After Li Muyao moved away from Xiao Qiang's office&nbsp; with difficulty, she took small, hesitant steps.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang called over his&nbsp; temporary secretary, Lin Danzhuang.&nbsp; "Keep a light makeup look on. Please&nbsp; take good care of Ms. Li these next&nbsp;&nbsp; few days. She... hasn't been feeling well." Lin Danzhuang looked suspicious. "No problem,&nbsp;&nbsp; President Xiao. I will definitely&nbsp; take good care of President Li."&nbsp; But in his mind, he was thinking, "Mr. Li hasn't&nbsp; been feeling unwell these past couple of days,&nbsp;&nbsp; has he?... Oh, right! Mr. Li seemed to be walking&nbsp; a little strangely earlier, could it be...?"&nbsp; The thought that Li Muyao had stayed&nbsp; in Xiao Qiang's office for more than&nbsp;&nbsp; an hour before coming out made Lin&nbsp; Danzhuang seem to understand something.&nbsp; On his&nbsp;&nbsp; way back to school, Xiao Qiang received&nbsp; another mission from the dog system.&nbsp; The dog system allowed him to increase the&nbsp; existing $7 billion to $20 billion within a month.&nbsp; The reward is a set of Marrow&nbsp; Cleansing and Aphrodisiac Exercises.&nbsp; This made Xiao Qiang extremely excited; every man&nbsp; has the desire to become an invincible war god.&nbsp; Unfortunately, once you turn 31,&nbsp; soaking goji berries in a thermos&nbsp;&nbsp; becomes a regular part of your life. Now that he had the opportunity to obtain&nbsp;&nbsp; such a technique, it was exactly what he wanted. Xiao Qiang automatically ignored the punishment.&nbsp; Because he discovered from the tasks assigned&nbsp; by the dog system that the system was either&nbsp;&nbsp; "forcing" him to contribute to society or pushing&nbsp; him toward becoming the world's richest person.&nbsp; This coincides with his grand&nbsp; vision for life after his rebirth.&nbsp; This made him less resistant to the&nbsp; tasks and punishments of the dog system.&nbsp; They're just trying to motivate themselves&nbsp; and prevent themselves from slacking off! Chapter 42 Contact with Hengtai Real Estate Inside the dormitory,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fu Hao was playing Counter-Strike. The thrill of gunfights that can't be&nbsp;&nbsp; experienced in the real world can always satisfy&nbsp; the desires of combat enthusiasts in this game.&nbsp; "You grandson, kneel down before me." Then, a few bursts of AK47 fire were heard.&nbsp; Fu Hao roared, "That was awesome!" Seeing Xiao Qiang return, he said, "Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; come quick! These guys are such noobs." "Hold on."&nbsp; "Brother Niu, Mingxing, what are you two looking&nbsp; at over there? Let's play a game together."&nbsp; Seeing the two people staring intently,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang went closer to take a look.&nbsp; "Holy crap, Ms. Mutou Ran?" Hao Niu Bi and Dong Mingxing&nbsp;&nbsp; were extremely shocked, because the woman's&nbsp; face was not visible in the current scene.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, how did you know?" Xiao Qiang stepped forward&nbsp;&nbsp; and pressed the pause button. "Don't understand? Let me explain it to you."&nbsp; Look at Teacher Wu's hairstyle, isn't it neat and&nbsp; uniform? It's obviously been carefully trimmed.&nbsp; Also, is there a black mole on her lip,&nbsp; shaped like an inverted triangle? That's&nbsp;&nbsp; one of Teacher Wu's distinctive features. "Wow!!! Xiaoqiang, you're awesome! I've really&nbsp;&nbsp; learned something new today." Dong and Niu looked at&nbsp;&nbsp; each other with immense admiration. Since the last time Xiao Qiang took everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; to watch a pornographic film at an internet cafe. The two of them successfully opened Pandora's box.&nbsp; It has to be said that top students have strong&nbsp; learning abilities, and they quickly learned&nbsp;&nbsp; about outstanding mentors in human behavior&nbsp; such as Muto Ran, Maria Ozawa, and Aoi Sora.&nbsp; He can use all sorts of technical terms with ease. In order to better understand the plot,&nbsp;&nbsp; the two even began to teach themselves Japanese... "You two better hurry up and find girlfriends.&nbsp;&nbsp; Otherwise, your hands will be&nbsp; worn raw from all the friction!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang expressed his&nbsp; friendly concern for the two.&nbsp; Hao Niupi: "I'm from the countryside, my hands are&nbsp; thick-skinned, I'm not afraid of getting chafed!"&nbsp; Dong Mingxing: "After six years of hard work&nbsp; and practice, my hands are covered in calluses."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Fu Hao were both dumbfounded. After the movie ended, the two reluctantly&nbsp;&nbsp; joined the CS team. The four of them played until 9 p.m. when&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was interrupted by a phone call.&nbsp; The caller was surprisingly Yu Ming. Xiao Qiang left the dormitory and came&nbsp;&nbsp; to the end of the quiet corridor. "Yu Ming, it's so late,&nbsp;&nbsp; are you having some trouble?" Xiao Qiang's tone was relaxed.&nbsp; Yu Ming was shocked, even though he already held&nbsp; Xiao Qiang in the deepest respect of his soul.&nbsp; But before he could even speak, the young&nbsp; leader already knew the purpose of his call.&nbsp; He's an amazing person! "Mr. Xiao, that's true."&nbsp; Qiangsheng Real Estate's entry into&nbsp; Guangzhou was thwarted, facing pressure&nbsp;&nbsp; from Hengtai Real Estate Group at every turn. Yu Ming didn't waste time on flattery because he&nbsp;&nbsp; knew Xiao Qiang didn't like that kind of thing. He went straight to the point.&nbsp; "Tell me more about it." Xiao Qiang's words were calm and composed,&nbsp;&nbsp; showing no sign of emotional fluctuation. "The first plot of land we acquired in Guangzhou&nbsp;&nbsp; was originally agreed upon with the person&nbsp; in charge of Hengtai before the land auction,&nbsp;&nbsp; that neither of us would participate&nbsp; in the bidding for the other's plots."&nbsp; However, during the bidding for the land&nbsp; parcel we were interested in, Hengtai broke&nbsp;&nbsp; the agreement and made a bid, and although we&nbsp; eventually won the bid for the land parcel.&nbsp; However, the actual transaction price was 50%&nbsp; higher than the expected transaction price.&nbsp; That's fine. However, in their latest project plan,&nbsp;&nbsp; they designed the four office buildings facing&nbsp; the street as 150-meter-tall skyscrapers.&nbsp; Because our residences and their project face&nbsp; each other across the street, their super&nbsp;&nbsp; high-rise buildings completely block the view&nbsp; of our project's eight residential buildings.&nbsp; Moreover, Hengtai started pre-sales early,&nbsp; launching marketing and pre-sales training as&nbsp;&nbsp; soon as the building was above ground.&nbsp; This had a significant impact on us!&nbsp; Yu Ming said a lot in one breath, which also&nbsp; shows that this matter is indeed very troublesome.&nbsp; Otherwise, he wouldn't have&nbsp; bothered Xiao Qiang so easily.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang thought to himself, "Hengtai's&nbsp; boss, Xu Taihang, started from scratch,&nbsp;&nbsp; so he must not be a kind or righteous person." Otherwise, it would have been impossible to&nbsp;&nbsp; develop Hengtai to such a scale&nbsp; in such a short period of time.&nbsp; In 2008, Hengtai intended to&nbsp; list in Hong Kong to raise funds,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the financial crisis completely disrupted&nbsp; Hengtai's fundraising plan and brought the&nbsp;&nbsp; company, which was in a period of rapid&nbsp; expansion, to the brink of bankruptcy.&nbsp; At this time, Mr. Xu Taihang should&nbsp; have just secured $600 million in&nbsp;&nbsp; funding from several bigwigs in Hong Kong&nbsp; to weather the crisis and, with the support&nbsp;&nbsp; of this funding, restarted his expansion. "Yu Ming, I'm flying to Guangzhou right away.&nbsp;&nbsp; You need to arrange a meeting with&nbsp; Mr. Xu from Hengtai immediately and&nbsp;&nbsp; see if we can meet tomorrow night." It's better to resolve conflicts&nbsp;&nbsp; than to let them fester. Let's try&nbsp; diplomacy first, then resort to force.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang spoke calmly and composedly,&nbsp; without the slightest hint of panic.&nbsp; After hanging up the phone, Xiao Qiang recalled&nbsp; his past life, where Boss Xu Taihang had been&nbsp;&nbsp; using a high-leverage model to expand&nbsp; aggressively within China since 2008.&nbsp; Each project starts by building an exquisite&nbsp; and magnificent gatehouse, or digging an&nbsp;&nbsp; artificial lake and creating a beautiful&nbsp; landscape before starting to sell houses.&nbsp; They are using the homeowners'&nbsp; money to build houses.&nbsp; Under this model, Hengtai has also gained a&nbsp; larger share of the large real estate market.&nbsp; In 2019, it topped the list of&nbsp; China's leading real estate companies.&nbsp; However, with the disappearance of the demographic&nbsp; dividend and the impact of internal and external&nbsp;&nbsp; factors such as macro-control, the huge&nbsp; real estate companies collapsed overnight.&nbsp; The next day, Xiao Qiang boarded a flight to&nbsp; Guangzhou Baiyun Airport early in the morning.&nbsp; At 11 a.m., on the way to the Guangzhou&nbsp; branch of Qiangsheng Real Estate.&nbsp; "Yu Ming, have you managed to get an&nbsp; appointment with Boss Xu Taihang?"&nbsp; Yu Ming gave a wry smile and shook&nbsp; his head, "President Xiao, I..."&nbsp; "Just say what you want to say&nbsp; directly, don't beat around the bush."&nbsp; Yu Ming looked embarrassed. "The other party&nbsp; said that this kind of thing is not worth&nbsp;&nbsp; Boss Xu personally getting involved in." Tonight you will be meeting Mr. Xu Shaoan,&nbsp;&nbsp; the son of Mr. Xu Taihang and the general&nbsp; manager in charge of this project.&nbsp; After he finished speaking,&nbsp; he stared at Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; "If Xu Taihang can come, that&nbsp; would be beyond my expectations."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said to himself. At the same time, he thought to himself,&nbsp;&nbsp; "How could such an arrogant and domineering&nbsp; guy like Belt Guy be so easy to meet?"&nbsp; "Did Mr. Xiao anticipate all of this?" Yu Ming muttered to himself.&nbsp; This young boss is truly mysterious in every way! "Alright, let's go meet this rich kid tonight!"&nbsp; At 6:40 p.m., Xiao Qiang and Yu Ming entered&nbsp; room 888 of the Marriott State Guest Hotel.&nbsp; Yu Ming and Xu Shaoan were&nbsp; scheduled to meet at 7 p.m.&nbsp; More than half an hour passed, but&nbsp; Xu Shaoan still hadn't shown up.&nbsp; This made Yu Ming extremely uneasy. He was the&nbsp; one who made the appointment and set the time.&nbsp;&nbsp; The appointed time had long passed, but&nbsp; the other party was nowhere to be seen.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, on the other hand, sat&nbsp; there calmly, drinking his tea.&nbsp; "Yu Ming, calm down. They're&nbsp; just trying to intimidate us!"&nbsp; Perhaps noticing Yu Ming's uneasy expression,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang offered words of comfort. Chapter 43 The Arrogant&nbsp; Eldest Son of the Xu Family&nbsp; Yu Ming relaxed slightly when he saw that&nbsp; Xiao Qiang did not seem to blame him.&nbsp; At 8 p.m., Xu Shaoan arrived late,&nbsp; accompanied by his assistant.&nbsp; "He really does have a handsome face!" Xiao Qiang sighed silently.&nbsp; The man in front of me, Xu Shaoan, looked to&nbsp; be about twenty-four or twenty-five years old.&nbsp;&nbsp; He was dressed smartly and had&nbsp; a disdainful look in his eyes.&nbsp; "Yu Ming, do you think it's appropriate for you&nbsp; to bring your brother to this kind of occasion?"&nbsp; As soon as Xu Shaoan opened his mouth, he started&nbsp; nitpicking, adopting a condescending attitude.&nbsp; This made Yu Ming very embarrassed. As the CEO of one of the top 10 real estate&nbsp;&nbsp; companies in the country, he couldn't suppress&nbsp; his anger at being scolded in such a tone.&nbsp; "Xu Shaoan, let me introduce you to Mr. Xiao&nbsp; Qiang, the boss of our Qiangsheng Real Estate."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was extremely satisfied with&nbsp; Yu Ming's composed and dignified demeanor.&nbsp; But this also greatly displeased Xu Shaoan.&nbsp; "Yu Ming, what exactly do you want&nbsp; to talk to me about? Tell me now!"&nbsp; Xu Shaoan actually knew the other party's purpose&nbsp; in meeting him, but he still pretended to ask.&nbsp; Yu Ming was about to reply when Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; who was standing next to him, interrupted him.&nbsp; "Young Master Xu, then I'll&nbsp; get straight to the point."&nbsp; The Qiangsheng Xiangyun Mansion project is&nbsp; our company's first project in Guangzhou.&nbsp; However, your company's Yuhu Tianxia project&nbsp; recently adjusted its planning and design,&nbsp;&nbsp; and four 150-meter-tall super high-rise office&nbsp; buildings completely block the view of our&nbsp;&nbsp; project's eight residential buildings. The reason we invited Mr. Xu here today&nbsp;&nbsp; is to discuss whether your company can&nbsp; readjust the location of your skyscraper.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang spoke very directly, without&nbsp; the slightest hint of embarrassment.&nbsp; Xu Shaoan seemed troubled, his&nbsp; brows furrowed, "Little friend..."&nbsp; "Xu Shaoan, you..." Yu Ming immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; erupted in anger, unable to tolerate&nbsp; Xu Shaoan's almost insulting tone.&nbsp; But Xiao immediately stopped him. Yu Ming snorted and sat back down&nbsp;&nbsp; in his chair. He didn't understand&nbsp; why his boss had to be so tolerant.&nbsp; Seeing that the person in question&nbsp; remained unmoved, Xu Shaoan was overjoyed.&nbsp; He secretly felt even more contempt for her! Then he spoke again, "Little friend,&nbsp;&nbsp; real estate project planning isn't something&nbsp; you can just change whenever you want."&nbsp; Besides, it only affects the lighting of your few&nbsp; buildings, it doesn't affect your construction.&nbsp; Or, could you move your&nbsp; buildings to another location?&nbsp; At worst, you can just not build&nbsp; those eight buildings, right?&nbsp; You're right! "People thrive when they move,&nbsp;&nbsp; but trees die when they're moved. Can a&nbsp; living person die from holding their urine?"&nbsp; Xu Shaoan spoke with an air of arrogance,&nbsp; and his language was frivolous,&nbsp;&nbsp; clearly implying criticism. Yu Ming was so angry that&nbsp;&nbsp; he was about to explode again. What do you mean by moving the&nbsp;&nbsp; houses to another place? What do you mean&nbsp; by not building those eight buildings?&nbsp;&nbsp; Those are houses worth over a billion yuan. Is that something a human being would say?&nbsp; But Xiao Qiang stopped Yu Ming&nbsp; from going berserk once again.&nbsp; Yu Ming angrily ripped off the buttons&nbsp; on his collar, panting heavily...&nbsp; "Young Master Xu, is there&nbsp; really no room for negotiation?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang spoke calmly, without&nbsp; a trace of emotional fluctuation.&nbsp; This also puzzled Yu Ming a lot; this young&nbsp; boss was really able to keep his composure!&nbsp; Seeing that the other party could tolerate&nbsp; his provocative words, Xu Shaoan's cautious&nbsp;&nbsp; arrogance became even more undisguised. "What am I supposed to discuss with you?&nbsp;&nbsp; Hengtai Yuhu Tianxia is a high-end project that&nbsp; our Hengtai Group has invested heavily in. Once&nbsp;&nbsp; completed, it will become a benchmark&nbsp; residential project in Guangzhou."&nbsp; Who do you think you are, Qiangsheng&nbsp; Real Estate? You want Hengtai Real&nbsp;&nbsp; Estate to change the planning? He doesn't even look in the&nbsp;&nbsp; mirror when he urinates. Furthermore, remember this:&nbsp;&nbsp; Guangzhou is Hengtai's stronghold. If you know&nbsp; what's good for you, get out of the Guangzhou&nbsp;&nbsp; real estate market immediately. Xu Shaoan has completely exposed&nbsp;&nbsp; his arrogant nature. In his eyes, Qiangsheng&nbsp; Real Estate is a third-rate small developer.&nbsp;&nbsp; If he wants to develop in Guangzhou, he&nbsp; has to ask Hengtai for permission first.&nbsp; After Xu Shaoan finished speaking,&nbsp; he spat on the ground a few times&nbsp;&nbsp; and walked away without looking back. To put it bluntly, Xu Shaoan came here&nbsp;&nbsp; today with no intention of discussing&nbsp; anything with Qiangsheng Real Estate.&nbsp; He came here solely to toy&nbsp; with the powerful crowd.&nbsp; Watching Xu Shaoan's departing&nbsp; figure, Xiao Qiang's face gleamed.&nbsp; Yu Ming completely lost it, smashing&nbsp; the cup on the ground and cursing,&nbsp;&nbsp; insulting Xu Shaoan's entire family. "Mr. Xiao, this Xu Shaoan is a real&nbsp;&nbsp; scoundrel. He's so condescending and looks down&nbsp; on people. Is he even speaking human language?"&nbsp; Even after Yu Ming finished speaking,&nbsp; the resentment in his heart still&nbsp;&nbsp; could not be dispelled. He was panting heavily...&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stared at the open door&nbsp; of the private room, deep in thought.&nbsp; Ten minutes later, Xiao Qiang whispered&nbsp; some instructions in Yu Ming's ear.&nbsp; I don't know what was said. But Yu Ming shook off his previous&nbsp;&nbsp; low spirits and showed a hopeful smile. Xiao Qiang boarded a plane back to&nbsp;&nbsp; Yanjing at 10 a.m. the next day. Outside Beijing Daxing International&nbsp;&nbsp; Airport, a zircon red Maybach GLS is&nbsp; quietly parked in the parking lot.&nbsp; A stunningly beautiful woman in a red dress,&nbsp; wearing sunglasses and with a hot figure,&nbsp;&nbsp; stood beside the car. Her stunning figure&nbsp;&nbsp; caused passing men to stop and stare. Half an hour later, Xiao Qiang came&nbsp;&nbsp; out of the airport arrival gate. The woman in red stepped forward&nbsp;&nbsp; and embraced Xiao Qiang tightly. "Mu Yao, have you been waiting long?"&nbsp; "No, I just arrived a little while ago." Li Muyao had a big smile on her face.&nbsp; If those traders saw the usually serious CEO Li&nbsp; behaving like this, wouldn't they be shocked?&nbsp; Since becoming Xiao Qiang's woman, Li Muyao&nbsp; has found that whenever she has free time,&nbsp;&nbsp; she unconsciously misses this young man. That feeling of longing captivated her!&nbsp; The two embraced tightly, their emotions running&nbsp; high, their lips and tongues intertwined,&nbsp;&nbsp; their affection deep and unwavering. On the way back to the city.&nbsp; "Mu Yao, let's find a quieter place to stop!" Xiao Qiang said expectantly.&nbsp; "What are you doing? Weren't we going shopping?" Li Muyao was curious because the two of them had&nbsp;&nbsp; just mentioned going shopping in Wangfujing. "Let me show you a game!"&nbsp; "Huh? What kind of game are you&nbsp; playing in the middle of nowhere?"&nbsp; "Shake it with passion!" Li Muyao suddenly realized something,&nbsp;&nbsp; her face flushed, her delicate red cheeks&nbsp; looking as if they were about to drip water.&nbsp; But deep down, there seemed to&nbsp; be a tiny, sliver of longing.&nbsp; On a narrow, winding path. Autumn is in full swing.&nbsp; It truly is a case of stopping the car&nbsp; to admire the maple forest at dusk,&nbsp;&nbsp; for in the future, the delicate&nbsp; flowers will bloom in fiery glory.&nbsp; In the valley, the sounds of&nbsp; nature are melodious and lingering.&nbsp; This demonstrates the singer's&nbsp; excellent singing skills.&nbsp; An hour later, the Maybach&nbsp; GLS started moving again.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang became the driver, as Li Muyao was&nbsp; no longer able to shoulder the responsibility.&nbsp; Right now, I'm lying quietly in the&nbsp; passenger seat, resting with my eyes closed.&nbsp; However, the black stockings she was wearing&nbsp; just moments ago had vanished without a trace.&nbsp; More than half an hour later, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; drove his vehicle to Yanjing Kaiyue Plaza,&nbsp;&nbsp; a place that brings together many&nbsp; international brands and top domestic brands. Chapter 44 Targeting the Rich Second Generation "Have you rested enough?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang asked gently. Li Muyao nodded, then tidied&nbsp;&nbsp; her slightly messy hair and clothes. Her&nbsp; unique charm made Xiao Qiang restless again.&nbsp; "Goodbye, go back tonight, do whatever you want!" Li Muyao gently persuaded Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; and her pretty face flushed again&nbsp; after she finished speaking.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was momentarily stunned by what he saw. "Let me help you tidy your clothes..."&nbsp; Where did your hand go...? After tidying up for ten minutes, the two got out&nbsp;&nbsp; of the car. At this time, Li Muyao's face was as&nbsp; red as a ripe peach, almost dripping with juice.&nbsp; The two shopped with exceptional&nbsp; efficiency; in less than half an hour,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang had already filled six or&nbsp; seven large and small bags with his hands.&nbsp; All of them were clothes for Li Muyao. Li Muyao's slender figure made her an excellent&nbsp;&nbsp; clothes hanger... well, a perfect clothes hanger,&nbsp; and since Xiao Qiang didn't want to spend too&nbsp;&nbsp; much time choosing, he simply bought them all. After all, his current financial situation doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; allow him to compare prices from multiple vendors. If a problem can be solved with money,&nbsp;&nbsp; then don't strain your legs. Seeing Xiao Qiang's extravagant&nbsp;&nbsp; spending on her, Li Muyao felt as sweet as honey. When the two arrived at the Victoria's Secret&nbsp;&nbsp; lingerie store, Xiao Qiang immediately perked up. "Mu Yao, wait for me. I'll put the clothes I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; holding in the car first.&nbsp; I'll be up in 5 minutes."&nbsp; Carrying so many clothes is&nbsp; really affecting my performance.&nbsp; After Xiao Qiang left, Li Muyao went into the&nbsp; international luxury lingerie brand known for&nbsp;&nbsp; its bold and fashionable designs. The store was packed with people,&nbsp;&nbsp; both men and women. It's clear that everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; values the quality of their nightlife. Li Muyao looked at these thin, see-through,&nbsp;&nbsp; and seemingly cheaply made sexy lingerie. She could imagine how hungry and thirsty&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang would appear if she&nbsp; wore this kind of underwear.&nbsp; Thinking of this, Li Muyao couldn't help but&nbsp; reveal a hint of anticipation and shyness in&nbsp;&nbsp; her eyes. Huang Xiaogua was accompanying a sexy and alluring&nbsp; woman he had just hooked up with to buy lingerie,&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking about having her wear the sexy&nbsp; lingerie and make love to him that night.&nbsp; I can't wait to think about it. But just then, he saw Li Muyao,&nbsp;&nbsp; who had an extremely S-shaped&nbsp; figure and equally stunning looks.&nbsp; Moreover, the mature and sophisticated aura&nbsp; she exuded immediately aroused Huang Xiaogua.&nbsp; "If we can combine 1 and 2, wouldn't&nbsp; that mean we can take off from the spot?"&nbsp; Huang Xiaogua's father, Huang Guayu, is&nbsp; ranked first on the China Wealth List,&nbsp;&nbsp; with a net worth of over 40 billion yuan. With the support of his wealth, Huang&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiaogua has achieved great success in love,&nbsp; fully demonstrating his status as a playboy.&nbsp; "Hey beautiful, are you buying&nbsp; underwear all by yourself?"&nbsp; He put on what he thought was a very charming&nbsp; smile, walked straight up to Li Muyao,&nbsp;&nbsp; and started chatting with her directly. Li Muyao was already used to men who&nbsp;&nbsp; approached her with lustful intentions. Li Muyao ignored the stranger's advances.&nbsp; But Huang, a master womanizer, would not&nbsp; back down because of this small setback.&nbsp; Many women start out with this arrogant&nbsp; attitude, but once they've used their money,&nbsp;&nbsp; they all go out of their way to please you. He enjoys unlocking the extreme contrasts&nbsp;&nbsp; in these women's personalities. "Beautiful lady, my father is Huang&nbsp;&nbsp; Guayu, the richest man in China.&nbsp; Everything you see at Victoria's&nbsp;&nbsp; Secret today will be on me, how about it?" Huang Xiaogua had spoken this sentence to&nbsp;&nbsp; countless people, and it was extremely fluent. The beautiful and alluring woman accompanying&nbsp;&nbsp; him saw that Young Master Huang was flirting&nbsp; with another woman right in front of her.&nbsp; "Young Master Huang, who is she?" Young Master Huang naturally understood&nbsp;&nbsp; what the woman meant. "Yuanyuan, you won't be&nbsp; shortchanged on your share. I'll find someone&nbsp;&nbsp; else to help you take some of the heat ." Upon hearing this, the beautiful woman&nbsp;&nbsp; named Yuanyuan said, "If your&nbsp; interests are not affected,&nbsp;&nbsp; then go ahead and find as many as you want." When Li Muyao saw the man in front of her,&nbsp;&nbsp; he actually said such shameless things in public. Her face immediately darkened, and she regained&nbsp;&nbsp; her usual cold and aloof demeanor as a female CEO. "Sorry, who your father is has nothing to do with&nbsp;&nbsp; me. And I don't need you to pay for my things." Li Muyao said coldly.&nbsp; Huang Xiaogua was even more fascinated now.&nbsp; One second she was gentle and lovely, the next&nbsp;&nbsp; she was domineering and cold. What a contrast! "Beautiful lady, spend the night with me, and I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; give you a million dollars, how about it?" Li Muyao's face was ashen.&nbsp; "Two million?" Young Master Huang firmly believes that&nbsp;&nbsp; women all have a price tag, and if she disagrees,&nbsp; it only means that your offer is not high enough.&nbsp; "3 million?" "Young Master Huang, why did you&nbsp;&nbsp; give her 3 million while I only got 200,000?" The beautiful woman next to her,&nbsp;&nbsp; named Yuanyuan, was displeased. "Because you agreed to it for&nbsp;&nbsp; 200,000, you're worth that price." Young Master Huang said irritably.&nbsp; This made her very angry. It seems I agreed too quickly.&nbsp; "5 million!" Young Master Huang enjoys using money to&nbsp;&nbsp; subdue women and revel in the thrill of it. In his eyes, money is just a number.&nbsp; At this moment, Li Muyao's eyes were&nbsp; about to spit out scorching fire.&nbsp; “6…” Young Master&nbsp;&nbsp; Huang was just about to say 6 million. As a result, a kick came from behind,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Young Master Huang fell flat on his face. "Are you fucking looking for death?"&nbsp; Huang Shaoan quickly got up and&nbsp; angrily cursed at Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang quickly stepped forward and&nbsp; slapped Huang Shaoan's face fifteen times.&nbsp; "You dare to flirt with my&nbsp; woman? You're rich, aren't you?"&nbsp; "I'll give you 10 million to build&nbsp; a relationship with a sow, okay?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was also filled&nbsp; with rage at this moment.&nbsp; In the short time he was away,&nbsp; his woman was so insulted.&nbsp; After more than a dozen slaps, blood trickled&nbsp; from the corner of Young Master Huang's mouth.&nbsp; "Bro, do you know who you've hit? Be careful&nbsp; you don't get yourself into trouble."&nbsp; At this moment, a well-dressed young man&nbsp; standing nearby spoke up to offer a reminder.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang did not reject the&nbsp; well-intentioned reminder from others.&nbsp; "Brother, I really didn't know." "The man you hit is Huang Xiaogua,&nbsp;&nbsp; the son of Huang Guayu, the richest man in China!" Xiao Qiang was taken aback. He'd recently gotten&nbsp;&nbsp; involved with the richest man's son! First there was Xu Shaoan, the son of&nbsp;&nbsp; the future richest man; now there is Huang&nbsp; Xiaogua, the son of the current richest man.&nbsp; But then I thought, "Your old&nbsp; man will be in jail in two years,&nbsp;&nbsp; what the hell are you bragging about!" Huang Xiaogua was also taken aback,&nbsp;&nbsp; not expecting that someone would recognize him. Looks like I'm quite famous!&nbsp; "You dare hit me, kid? You're asking for trouble!&nbsp; You just wait, I'll have my men kill you!"&nbsp; Seeing this, Xiao Qiang immediately&nbsp; attacked him, giving him another beating.&nbsp; "He's just a rich kid, what's so great about him!" "Today I'm going to beat up those rich kids."&nbsp; This time, they clearly increased their&nbsp; strength, leaving the guy breathless&nbsp;&nbsp; and without any ability to resist. The young man beside him looked at&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang with admiration in his eyes&nbsp; and immediately wanted to befriend him.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, forget it. It's&nbsp; better to avoid trouble."&nbsp; Seeing Xiao Qiang protecting her like this,&nbsp; Li Muyao felt a deep warmth in her heart.&nbsp; But she didn't want to cause&nbsp; trouble for Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; The richest man in China is someone with immense&nbsp;&nbsp; influence and connections. It's best&nbsp; to avoid provoking him if possible. Chapter 45 Shopping After a long and intense&nbsp;&nbsp; competition, Huang Xiaogua completely lost&nbsp; his previous arrogance and unruliness.&nbsp; It took him three minutes to&nbsp; finally come to his senses.&nbsp; "You wait, if you dare hit me, I'll&nbsp; call the police right now. I'll make&nbsp;&nbsp; sure you spend the rest of your&nbsp; life in jail, or I'm not a Huang."&nbsp; This time, Young Master Huang&nbsp; didn't dare to scold Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; They intend to retaliate against&nbsp; Xiao Qiang through legal means.&nbsp; Just as Huang Xiaogua was about to dial&nbsp; 110, the young man who had been silent&nbsp;&nbsp; all along came up to him. "Shall we talk in private?"&nbsp; The young man spoke softly to Huang Xiaogua. "Who the hell are you...?"&nbsp; Huang Xiaogua was furious. He had already&nbsp; been beaten dozens of times by a madman,&nbsp;&nbsp; but now some random guy just popped&nbsp; up and wanted to talk to him.&nbsp; Do you think I'm that free? But when the young man casually showed him an&nbsp;&nbsp; ID card, Huang Shaogua was completely shocked when&nbsp; he saw the first few large characters on the card.&nbsp; "country…" But Huang Xiaogua stopped when&nbsp;&nbsp; she saw the warning in the other person's eyes. He looked up at the young man, then at Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; with an expression of utter frustration, as if&nbsp; he had swallowed shit but couldn't spit it out.&nbsp; "I admit defeat today, but I&nbsp; hope I never run into you again!"&nbsp; After leaving behind this lukewarm warning,&nbsp; Huang Xiaogua sheepishly left the scene.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang could tell that it was this&nbsp; young man who had helped him out of the&nbsp;&nbsp; predicament. After Huang Xiaogua left,&nbsp; he stepped forward and said, "Brother,&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you for getting me out of that predicament." Lin Hao turned around and said, "Brother,&nbsp;&nbsp; no need to thank me. It's just that your&nbsp; way of doing things is very much to my&nbsp;&nbsp; liking. I just wanted to make friends with you." "Haha, hello brother, my name is Xiao Qiang."&nbsp; "My name is Lin Hao." "Brother Lin Hao, you're young&nbsp;&nbsp; and promising. You're already a member of the&nbsp; National Security Bureau at such a young age."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said calmly. Lin Hao was taken aback.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Brother Xiao Qiang has a good eye. Since you've&nbsp; seen it, I won't hide it from you anymore."&nbsp; My family runs a business, but I'm not really&nbsp; interested. I've always loved martial arts and&nbsp;&nbsp; fighting since I was little, and that's&nbsp; what I ended up doing when I grew up.&nbsp; Lin Hao spoke casually, but Xiao&nbsp; Qiang could sense something was amiss.&nbsp; First of all, the business he mentioned is&nbsp; definitely not a small business. Secondly,&nbsp;&nbsp; does liking to play with weapons mean he&nbsp; can get into the National Security Bureau?&nbsp; Is it that easy to get into Beijing Guoan? This young man and his family must be&nbsp;&nbsp; extraordinary, but since the other&nbsp; party didn't say, Xiao Qiang didn't ask.&nbsp; "Brother Lin Hao, you have a unique hobby!" After a brief chat and exchanging contact&nbsp;&nbsp; information, Lin Hao bid farewell to Xiao Qiang&nbsp; and left Victoria's Secret with a beautiful woman.&nbsp; This little incident did not dampen&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's refined interests.&nbsp; The two did not return to the&nbsp; Summer Palace Villa until 9 p.m.&nbsp; Li Muyao lives alone in a&nbsp; 400-square-meter detached villa.&nbsp; The villa was forcibly transferred to Li&nbsp; Muyao's name by Xiao Qiang a month ago.&nbsp; Late autumn in September exudes&nbsp; a sense of desolation everywhere.&nbsp; But the Summer Palace Villas are&nbsp; still full of springtime charm.&nbsp; The following day,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the Hengtai headquarters building&nbsp; in Guangzhou, thousands of miles away,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xu Taihang's office was already in complete chaos. Senior executives from Hengtai Real Estate&nbsp;&nbsp; Group's headquarters gathered together. "Shao'an, what's the situation with Yuhu Tianxia?"&nbsp; Xu Taihang had a stern face. For the first two months, I spent a&nbsp;&nbsp; month playing bridge with Hong Kong bigwigs, which&nbsp; helped me to initially integrate into that circle.&nbsp; It received a joint investment of US$600&nbsp; million from a group of big names to invest&nbsp;&nbsp; in Hengtai Real Estate. This pulled Hengtai&nbsp;&nbsp; back from the brink of bankruptcy. Yuhu Tianxia is the first high-end project&nbsp;&nbsp; launched by Hengtai after its reorganization. Everything was fine for a while, and the&nbsp;&nbsp; marketing and customer acquisition&nbsp; work was going very smoothly.&nbsp; However, starting last night, many people who&nbsp; had connections and even some of Xu Taihang's&nbsp;&nbsp; relatives and friends who had registered&nbsp; at Yuhu Tianxia called to ask for a refund. Chapter 46 High-Altitude Cemetery This morning, the sales office of&nbsp;&nbsp; Yuhu Tianxia was surrounded by a large number&nbsp; of customers who had registered in advance,&nbsp;&nbsp; all demanding a refund of their previous deposits. "Mr. Xu, do you remember Qiangsheng Real Estate in&nbsp;&nbsp; Xishan Province? That's the real estate company&nbsp; we tricked, making them pay an extra 100 million&nbsp;&nbsp; yuan in land transfer fees, and whose sunlight was&nbsp; blocked by our four super high-rise buildings."&nbsp; In front of senior executives, Xu Shaoan&nbsp; addresses Xu Taihang as "General Manager Xu".&nbsp; Xu Taihang nodded. He knew all too well those&nbsp; shady dealings, because they were all his ideas.&nbsp; "Go on." Xu Shaoan then continued, "Qiangsheng Real Estate&nbsp;&nbsp; officially announced at 7 PM last night that it&nbsp; plans to develop the entire 30,000 square meter&nbsp;&nbsp; commercial complex surrounding the Qiangsheng&nbsp; No. 1 Courtyard project into…planned into…"&nbsp; "You fucking say it already..." Xu Taihang, unable to contain himself any longer,&nbsp;&nbsp; finally spoke up to urge him on. "They said they would turn this&nbsp;&nbsp; 30,000-square-meter commercial complex&nbsp; into China's first funeral supermarket,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they also said they would make it an&nbsp; outlet mall for the funeral industry..."&nbsp; Xu Shaoan lowered his head after speaking, knowing&nbsp; that his father was about to explode again.&nbsp; Just as expected! "What?! A funeral&nbsp;&nbsp; industry outlet mall? Holy crap... how could&nbsp; these bastards even come up with that..."&nbsp; Xu Taihang jumped up from his chair,&nbsp; panting heavily and swearing profusely.&nbsp; The other executives also kept their heads down. "What about their houses? Aren't&nbsp;&nbsp; they going to sell them?" He roared almost screaming.&nbsp; "According to the sales staff, Qiangsheng Real&nbsp; Estate has established Qiangsheng Yinjian Real&nbsp;&nbsp; Estate Development Co., Ltd., and plans&nbsp; to build small houses with a floor area&nbsp;&nbsp; of 20 square meters on this land." When…a rooftop cemetery is sold…&nbsp; "grass..." Xu Taihang was completely&nbsp;&nbsp; finished at this point. The Yuhu Tianxia project&nbsp; was Hengtai Real Estate's flagship project after&nbsp;&nbsp; financing from Hong Kong, and it was a matter&nbsp; of life and death for Hengtai Real Estate.&nbsp; It embodies all of Mr. Xu's hard work,&nbsp; with the apartment layouts, landscaping,&nbsp;&nbsp; and amenities all meticulously designed by&nbsp; top international architects, making it a&nbsp;&nbsp; unique high-end project in Guangzhou. The clients who made the reservations&nbsp;&nbsp; were all wealthy and influential. Originally scheduled to open during&nbsp;&nbsp; the National Day Golden Week holiday,&nbsp; the project is expected to generate over&nbsp;&nbsp; 5 billion yuan in cash revenue in the month&nbsp; of its opening, based on current pre-orders.&nbsp; Furthermore, it is expected that all units&nbsp; will be sold out by the end of the year,&nbsp;&nbsp; generating sales revenue of 7.5 billion yuan. But now, just across the street, there's both a&nbsp;&nbsp; funeral outlet mall and a rooftop cemetery... This is definitely a ghost town.&nbsp; In that case, who would be willing&nbsp; to pay a high price for a house in&nbsp;&nbsp; the Yuhu Tianxia project and live next to&nbsp; ghosts? It's terrifying to even think about.&nbsp; No wonder the sales office was full of&nbsp; people asking for their deposits back.&nbsp; Xu Taihang considered himself a ruthless&nbsp; and ambitious man, but he never expected&nbsp;&nbsp; his opponent to be so vicious. He was sitting in the&nbsp;&nbsp; boss's chair, his face ashen. After thinking for a moment, he asked,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Do you have any ideas on how to deal with this?" Xu Shaoan looked up, trembling, and said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "How about... how about we turn it into a&nbsp; funeral supermarket? Or a rooftop cemetery?"&nbsp; The deposits of customers who have registered&nbsp; in line don't need to be refunded. I'll just&nbsp;&nbsp; consider it as setting aside some money for myself&nbsp; in advance. Anyway, I'll need it sooner or later&nbsp;&nbsp; in a few years..." "puff…"&nbsp; One of the executives couldn't help but sneer. "Get the hell out of here!"&nbsp; Labor and management are real estate&nbsp; developers, not cemetery developers!&nbsp; Do you have a tumor in your brain? And you even asked the customer&nbsp;&nbsp; to reserve one set in advance? Why didn't you reserve one for yourself?!&nbsp; Xu&nbsp;&nbsp; Taihang went completely berserk, and the roaring&nbsp; emperor's style was on full display once again.&nbsp; After hurling insults for a full five minutes,&nbsp; the Roaring Emperor finally sat back down in&nbsp;&nbsp; his boss's chair, panting heavily. Everyone, including Xu Shaoan, had&nbsp;&nbsp; their heads practically touching their crotches. Even their own son was being verbally abused,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the other executives dared not say a word. After 5 minutes of calm.&nbsp; "Hurry up and arrange a meeting with the&nbsp; boss of Qiangsheng Real Estate, instead of&nbsp;&nbsp; just standing there waiting to die..." A bunch of useless trash...get out!&nbsp; Then everyone fled Xu Taihang's&nbsp; office as if they were running away.&nbsp; Xu Taihang took out his phone and dialed,&nbsp; "Have Yuan Shanshan come to my office."&nbsp; Three minutes later, a beautiful woman with a pure&nbsp; and innocent appearance, wearing a gauze dress,&nbsp;&nbsp; and possessing an exceptional figure&nbsp; and looks, entered Xu Taihang's office.&nbsp; As they entered, they also locked&nbsp; the office door behind them.&nbsp; "Mr. Xu, are you angry again? Let me&nbsp; dance for you to relieve your stress."&nbsp; Yuan Shanshan's words were&nbsp; incredibly alluring, creating a&nbsp;&nbsp; stark contrast with her innocent appearance. "You don't need to jump today, come here..."&nbsp; Yuan Shanshan obediently walked over&nbsp; and crawled directly under the desk...&nbsp; Yu Ming was in the general manager's office of&nbsp;&nbsp; the Qiangsheng No. 1 Courtyard project, staring at&nbsp; the sales office of Yuhu Tianxia across the street&nbsp;&nbsp; with the project's general manager, Pan Wenhai. "Mr. Yu, the boss played a brilliant move. With&nbsp;&nbsp; so many homeowners demanding refunds,&nbsp; I reckon they'll contact you soon."&nbsp; Pan Wenhai said respectfully to Yu Ming. Yu Ming is currently the president of Qiangsheng&nbsp;&nbsp; Real Estate, but he also serves as the so-called&nbsp; deputy general manager for the Jinshi project.&nbsp; The general manager is Xiao Jianguo. Yu Ming nodded, genuinely admiring his young boss.&nbsp; "Ring ring..." Yu Ming's phone rang at that moment.&nbsp; He smiled at Pan Wenhai, who glanced&nbsp; at the caller ID on his phone and saw&nbsp;&nbsp; that it was indeed Xu Shaoan calling. The two looked at each other and smiled.&nbsp; Hello, who is this? Xu Shaoan on the other end of the phone&nbsp;&nbsp; was taken aback, "You didn't save my number?" "Mr. Yu, I am Xu Shaoan from Hengtai Real&nbsp;&nbsp; Estate. We just met a couple of days ago." Young Master Xu was no longer as arrogant as&nbsp;&nbsp; he had been the day before. He knew that&nbsp; if this matter was not handled properly,&nbsp;&nbsp; his father would probably skin him alive. "Oh, Xiao Xu? What's up with the call?"&nbsp; Pan Wenhai was so happy to hear the&nbsp; emphasis in Yu Ming's words that he&nbsp;&nbsp; almost danced with joy. It was awesome! Xu Shaoan said with relief, "Damn it,&nbsp;&nbsp; call me Little Xu? I'm older than you, okay?" However, even though Xu Shaoan was furious,&nbsp;&nbsp; he could only suppress it. "Mr. Yu, it's like this, could you please&nbsp;&nbsp; help me arrange a meeting with Mr. Xiao? We'd like&nbsp; to discuss the project planning from last time."&nbsp; Xu Shaoan tried his best to keep&nbsp; smiling and to keep his words calm.&nbsp; "Oh, is that so? Then I need to report&nbsp; this to our General Manager Xiao."&nbsp; After hanging up the phone. Yu Ming felt incredibly satisfied.&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm just trying to annoy you, but&nbsp; you can't do anything about it..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, who was drinking milk, reluctantly&nbsp; put down the breast pump when his phone rang.&nbsp; "Yu Ming, what's wrong?" "Mr. Xiao, you're absolutely&nbsp;&nbsp; right! Just now, Xu Shaoan called me and said&nbsp; he'd like to meet with you. What do you think?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang thought for a moment, "Yu Ming, tell&nbsp; Young Master Xu that this is an adult matter,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the little brat shouldn't get involved..." Oh, and give Young Master Xu a message:&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiangsheng Real Estate will establish a cemetery&nbsp; development department. The initial plan is to&nbsp;&nbsp; closely follow Hengtai's lead; wherever Hengtai&nbsp; builds houses, our high-rise cemetery will follow.&nbsp; This also adds supporting services to Hengtai's&nbsp; projects, providing a one-stop service from&nbsp;&nbsp; start to finish... in addition……"&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Yu Ming&nbsp; immediately became beaming with pride.&nbsp; My boss's way of doing&nbsp; things is just unbelievable!&nbsp; He could imagine Xu Shaoan's&nbsp; reaction when he heard those words.&nbsp; Sure enough, when Yu Ming relayed&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's words to him verbatim,&nbsp;&nbsp; Young Master Xu was completely bewildered. If this kind of equipment were installed&nbsp;&nbsp; in all of Hengtai's projects, the Xu family&nbsp; would probably be the first wave of users. Chapter 47 A big job Xu Taihang was not performing well at this time.&nbsp; Ten minutes have passed, and I still can't get&nbsp; into combat mode. I had no choice but to take out&nbsp;&nbsp; the small blue pill from the drawer next to me. We finally got ready to go.&nbsp; Just then, a phone rang urgently. Mr. Xu was so frightened that&nbsp;&nbsp; he almost shrank back into his abdomen. Thinking that business was more important,&nbsp;&nbsp; I quickly turned on speakerphone and said,&nbsp; "Dad, I've contacted the boss of Qiangsheng.&nbsp;&nbsp; He said that I'm too young and not qualified,&nbsp; and that you need to meet with me in person."&nbsp; in addition…" "Anything else..."&nbsp; "Dad, why is your voice trembling?&nbsp; Are you not feeling well?"&nbsp; "Yeah, I drank too much baijiu&nbsp; yesterday and feel like throwing up..."&nbsp; "Hurry up and tell me, what else...?" Mr. Xu took a deep breath and&nbsp;&nbsp; tried to remain calm as he spoke. "They said they would follow in Hengtai&nbsp;&nbsp; Real Estate's footsteps, building Qiangsheng's&nbsp; rooftop cemetery wherever Hengtai builds houses,&nbsp;&nbsp; claiming it would provide Hengtai's residents&nbsp; with a convenient one-stop lifestyle..."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Xu Taihang instantly&nbsp; felt his blood pressure spike, "Ah..."&nbsp; "Dad, what's wrong? Are you alright...?" "It's okay, I'm all better now..."&nbsp; Xu Taihang was panting heavily, whether from&nbsp; anger or something else, it was unclear.&nbsp; Yuan Shanshan crawled out from under the&nbsp; table and smiled slightly at Xu Taihang.&nbsp; Then she gracefully left the office. "Shao'an, send me the phone&nbsp;&nbsp; number of the boss of Qiangsheng!" “Dad, now I’m dealing with Yu Ming, the&nbsp;&nbsp; president of Qiangsheng Real Estate. They haven’t&nbsp; given me their boss’s phone number directly.”&nbsp; "Useless! You can't even get a&nbsp; phone number. What are you good&nbsp;&nbsp; for... Send me their CEO's phone number." Then, Xu Taihang angrily hung up the phone.&nbsp; After making slight adjustments. Xu Taihang and Yu Minglian called each&nbsp;&nbsp; other during class, "Hello, who is this?" "Mr. Yu, I am Xu Taihang&nbsp;&nbsp; from Hengtai Real Estate." "Oh, it's Mr. Xu! What can I do for you?"&nbsp; "Mr. Yu, would it be convenient for you to meet&nbsp; with Mr. Xiao, the boss of your powerful company?"&nbsp; Xu Taihang adopted a very humble attitude. "Mr. Xiao, he's playing football in Argentina.&nbsp;&nbsp; How about I book him for October 15th?" Xu Taihang thought to himself, "By the&nbsp;&nbsp; time your CEO Xiao comes back,&nbsp; Yuhu Tianxia will be long gone!"&nbsp; "No need, I'll go and pay a visit&nbsp; to President Xiao in Ating."&nbsp; After saying that, he hung up the phone. At this time, Mr. Xu had not yet bought&nbsp;&nbsp; his own private jet, so he immediately asked his&nbsp; assistant to book a flight to Afghanistan for him.&nbsp; Li Muyao spent an&nbsp;&nbsp; hour preparing a sumptuous lunch for Xiao Qiang. Xiao Qiang was genuinely hungry; the continuous&nbsp;&nbsp; high-intensity exercise had&nbsp; left him ravenously hungry.&nbsp; It's beautiful to look at, but&nbsp; it's not enough to fill you up!&nbsp; Seeing Xiao Qiang wolfing down&nbsp; his food, Li Muyao was overjoyed.&nbsp; Why are you staring at me instead of eating? Seeing Li Muyao staring at him, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; asked curiously. "I'm full..."&nbsp; "What kind of food do you eat?" Li Muyao rolled her eyes at him, annoyed.&nbsp; What do you think? Xiao Qiang: "..."&nbsp; At 5 p.m., everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; in the trading department gathered together. Everyone is very excited and can't wait to&nbsp;&nbsp; know just how big the big job the&nbsp; boss was talking about really is.&nbsp; "Starting tomorrow night, we will intensify&nbsp; our short-selling efforts on US stocks."&nbsp; Everyone was curious, especially Li Le, Zhang&nbsp; Kun, and their three companions. The boss always&nbsp;&nbsp; seemed to have an unwavering confidence in&nbsp; his ability to win big, and the US stock&nbsp;&nbsp; market was also strangely consistent, seemingly&nbsp; echoing the boss's predictions in many ways.&nbsp; Hearing that the boss was going to increase the&nbsp; intensity, they couldn't help but prick up their&nbsp;&nbsp; ears, eagerly anticipating what he would say next. What they didn't know was that Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; who possessed a cheat-like ability, combined&nbsp; some of his memories from his previous life.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang clearly knew that the systemic&nbsp; financial crisis in the United States was&nbsp;&nbsp; triggered by the subprime mortgage crisis that&nbsp; broke out in 2007, but before September 28, 2008,&nbsp;&nbsp; the government of the United States had&nbsp; been trying its best to save the country.&nbsp; These measures included injecting liquidity&nbsp; into the market, lowering interest rates,&nbsp;&nbsp; and even providing direct financial assistance&nbsp; to relevant companies. During this period,&nbsp;&nbsp; the US stock market only experienced&nbsp; fluctuations, from 2007 to September 2008.&nbsp; The declines in the three major stock&nbsp; indexes were all kept within 5%.&nbsp; Just 15 days later, on September 28,&nbsp; the Rayman Brothers, a 158-year-old&nbsp;&nbsp; investment bank in the United States and&nbsp; the world's fourth-largest investment bank,&nbsp;&nbsp; officially went bankrupt due to business failures. This seemed to be the final straw that broke the&nbsp;&nbsp; back of the M country's economy, and the financial&nbsp; crisis officially broke out in full force.&nbsp; In the following month, the Nasdaq Technology&nbsp; Index plummeted by 50%, and the Dow Jones&nbsp;&nbsp; Industrial Average also fell by as much as 35%. Xiao Qiang projected the prepared PPT onto&nbsp;&nbsp; the large screen in the conference room. "Starting tomorrow, using the $8.5 billion&nbsp;&nbsp; in the M-share account as principal, leveraged&nbsp; 10 times, we will go all in on shorting."&nbsp; The following 30 US stocks are&nbsp; the targets for short selling.&nbsp; The crowd gasped in astonishment, their&nbsp; expressions filled with excitement. That&nbsp;&nbsp; was a staggering 85 billion US&nbsp; dollars, nearly 700 billion RMB!&nbsp; Li Le, Zhang Kun, and others were&nbsp; already itching to try their luck.&nbsp; Pacific Investment has already established&nbsp; close partnerships with major investment&nbsp;&nbsp; banks around the world, and can borrow&nbsp; as much money as it can in US dollars.&nbsp; "You must short sell as much stock&nbsp; as possible before September 28th,&nbsp;&nbsp; and use up all your resources." I promise you, if you win this battle,&nbsp;&nbsp; I will give you a big prize. Are you looking forward to it?&nbsp; Everyone shouted in unison,&nbsp; "Looking forward to it!"&nbsp; The pre-battle mobilization&nbsp; was brief but highly effective.&nbsp; Everyone was as excited as if they had been&nbsp; injected with chicken blood, and couldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; wait for tomorrow night to arrive. After the meeting, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; went to his office alone. Thinking about the next steps,&nbsp;&nbsp; if nothing unexpected happens, my&nbsp; principal will triple or quadruple.&nbsp; At that time, I should be able to enter the&nbsp; top ten of the Forbes Global Billionaires list!&nbsp; At that time, I will be able to&nbsp; start other business ventures.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang returned to&nbsp; Yenching University at 6 p.m.&nbsp; As autumn deepens on the campus of&nbsp; Yenching University, ancient trees,&nbsp;&nbsp; some over a hundred years old, sway in the wind. Ripples spread across the lake's surface.&nbsp; On the playground, students were&nbsp; running in an endless stream.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang also joined the running group.&nbsp; The excessive exercise over the past two&nbsp;&nbsp; days left him feeling slightly tired. After running for a short while,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang suddenly noticed a strange phenomenon. A large number of boys followed behind a slender&nbsp;&nbsp; girl. When the girl ran fast, the boys who were&nbsp; running alongside her also sped up. When the girl&nbsp;&nbsp; slowed down, the group of boys also slowed down. Xiao Qiang decided to stop and wait for the&nbsp;&nbsp; beautiful woman to play the ring toss game. I wanted to see for myself up close what kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of beauty could be so attractive. When the beautiful woman was&nbsp;&nbsp; about 20 meters away from Xiao Qiang. "Holy crap, isn't that Liu Qingyuan?"&nbsp; At this moment, Liu Qingyuan was wearing&nbsp; a white running skirt, and her slender&nbsp;&nbsp; legs exuded a youthful and beautiful aura. She wore a white fitted short-sleeved top,&nbsp;&nbsp; looking like a fairy in white. "No wonder there was such a pack&nbsp;&nbsp; of wolves following us!" "Student Liu Qingyuan..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan naturally saw Xiao Qiang as well.&nbsp; Although she was no longer as averse to him as&nbsp;&nbsp; she had been at first, and was even a little&nbsp; curious, she was surprised to find that the two&nbsp;&nbsp; of them had nothing to say to each other. She simply waved to Xiao Qiang and then&nbsp;&nbsp; walked past him without lingering. Xiao Qiang grinned helplessly and&nbsp;&nbsp; muttered to himself, "There's plenty&nbsp; of time, we can savor it slowly!" Chapter 48 Lovers' Quarrel Xiao Qiang did not continue&nbsp;&nbsp; running. In his previous life, he neglected daily&nbsp; exercise and his physical fitness was average.&nbsp; He had only run less than 5 kilometers&nbsp; when he was already panting heavily.&nbsp; "I need to finish the dog system's task&nbsp; quickly and see how this Marrow Cleansing&nbsp;&nbsp; and Aphrodisiac Technique will change my body." Xiao Qiang thought about his recent frequent&nbsp;&nbsp; battles with Li Muyao, and realized that&nbsp; he could barely keep up with the current&nbsp;&nbsp; situation thanks to his youthful vigor. But given his physical condition,&nbsp;&nbsp; he'll probably be defeated soon. This is just about Li Muyao;&nbsp;&nbsp; what will happen next...? Xiao Qiang became increasingly alarmed&nbsp;&nbsp; as he thought about it! When Liu Qingyuan ran back to the spot where the&nbsp; two had met, she deliberately slowed down and&nbsp;&nbsp; looked around, as if searching for something. I got back to the dormitory at 9 p.m.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, what the hell have you been&nbsp; doing these past two days? You skipped class&nbsp;&nbsp; on Friday and got caught by the teacher!" Fu Hao and his two companions were playing&nbsp;&nbsp; Dou Dizhu (a popular Chinese card game). Upon seeing Xiao Qiang return,&nbsp;&nbsp; he immediately relayed the bad news. "Didn't I ask you to call them for me?"&nbsp; "I did shout, but that bitch Fan deliberately&nbsp; reported you, there's nothing I can do!"&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, come and take over!" Xiao Hao shouted at Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; "Why did you stop playing?&nbsp; What are you busy with?"&nbsp; "Dude, I just downloaded an adult&nbsp; film starring Akiho Yoshizawa..."&nbsp; Xiao Hao's complete depravity made Xiao Qiang&nbsp; silently repeat "Sin, sin!" countless times.&nbsp; He has completely distorted&nbsp; the future of the motherland.&nbsp; Fu Hao: "Xiao Qiang, what's the progress&nbsp; between you and the beautiful Liu? 5,&nbsp;&nbsp; 6, 7, 8, 9 straight." Dong Mingxing: "7, 8,&nbsp;&nbsp; 9, 10. J. Yes, that's exactly&nbsp; what I was going to ask you!"&nbsp; "No! She's like a chicken in&nbsp; a cage, a fish in the sea..."&nbsp; The two were taken aback. "What do you mean?" "She'll be mine sooner or later!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said with a smug look on his face. Dong Mingxing: "This is truly a case of the cow&nbsp;&nbsp; returning to its pen—it's incredibly powerful.&nbsp; 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, there's only one left."&nbsp; Xiaoqiang, you lost… "Xiao Qiang, that's quite a boast..."&nbsp; "You guys don't believe me, I've&nbsp; even thought of names for my kids."&nbsp; I'll blow it up! "Celebrity, my head is buzzing!"&nbsp; ……… the next day.&nbsp; Upon entering the classroom, Xiao Qiang saw Fan&nbsp; Zhengyang sitting in the seat behind Liu Qingyuan.&nbsp; He thought to himself,&nbsp; "You're smart to be shrewd!"&nbsp; At the same time, he gave the&nbsp; other party a disdainful look.&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang felt a surge of anger as he&nbsp; looked at his mortal enemy's contemptuous smile.&nbsp; "Fan Zhengyang, stop playing these&nbsp; childish games. Do you think you can&nbsp;&nbsp; make me fail by tattling on the teacher?" "Can you be a little more mature?"&nbsp; After Xiao Qiang sat down, he spoke&nbsp; directly. His voice wasn't loud, but&nbsp;&nbsp; almost everyone in the classroom could hear him. Instantly, everyone's eyes turned to this side.&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang was furious and&nbsp; embarrassed, his face turning bright red.&nbsp; "Also, I don't want to see you around&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan in the future, interfering&nbsp;&nbsp; with our sweet talk. Do you understand?" the classroom erupted in excitement. Everyone knows that Xiao Qiang likes Liu Qingyuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; but we haven't seen the two of them together. How did it turn into sweet talk?&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was also a little annoyed.&nbsp; She glared at Xiao Qiang and said angrily,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, explain yourself. When&nbsp; did I say anything sweet to you?"&nbsp; I had just started to like him a little&nbsp; when he said such nonsensical things.&nbsp; Seeing that everyone had started&nbsp; pointing and gossiping, I said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Qingyuan and I just have occasional&nbsp; disagreements, it won't affect anyone else."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stood up and said loudly. Liu Qingyuan was completely speechless.&nbsp;&nbsp; In all his life, this was the first time&nbsp; he had ever met such a shameless boy.&nbsp; This left her momentarily at&nbsp; a loss for how to respond.&nbsp; She was so angry that she clenched&nbsp; her fists and puffed out her cheeks,&nbsp;&nbsp; which made her look extremely cute. He turned his head away, ignoring Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang's heart skipped a beat.&nbsp; "Could it really be a couple arguing?"&nbsp; Ultimately, under Xiao Qiang's threat of force,&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang left the seat behind Liu Qingyuan.&nbsp; Throughout the entire class, Fan Zhengyang seemed&nbsp; lost in thought, but his eyes were burning with&nbsp;&nbsp; intense desire as he looked at Xiao Qiang. At this moment, it wasn't just Dao&nbsp; Zhengyang who was filled with anger.&nbsp; Mr. Xu Taihang, a businessman in his fifties,&nbsp; finally arrived at Buenos Aires International&nbsp;&nbsp; Airport, the capital of Argentina, at 9&nbsp; a.m. this morning after a 12-hour flight.&nbsp; Then he immediately called Yu Ming, "Mr.&nbsp; Yu, I've arrived in Agendin. When would&nbsp;&nbsp; you like me to meet with Mr. Xiao?" "Oh? You've already gone to Agendin?"&nbsp; Upon hearing Xu Taihang's surprised "Ah?",&nbsp; he immediately knew something was wrong.&nbsp; "Our boss went to Antarctica to feed penguins&nbsp; last night. Why don't you go to Antarctica...?"&nbsp; Yu Ming said this while holding back a&nbsp; laugh, and it made his stomach hurt a little.&nbsp; That's so mean, boss! But... it's fucking awesome! At this moment, Xu Taihang realized that this guy&nbsp;&nbsp; was just making a fool of him. He angrily hung up the phone.&nbsp; I immediately had my assistant&nbsp; book a flight back to China.&nbsp; That night, Mr. Xu finally returned&nbsp; to Guangzhou, weary from his journey.&nbsp; Even though I was in first class, it was still not&nbsp; as comfortable as my own bed after sitting on a&nbsp;&nbsp; plane for more than 20 hours, plus jet lag. Boss Xu almost lost half his life.&nbsp; The following afternoon, Xu Taihang, who had&nbsp; just recovered a little, dragged his tired&nbsp;&nbsp; body to the sales office of Qiangsheng No.&nbsp; 1 Courtyard under the guidance of Xu Shaoan.&nbsp; "Oh, isn't this Boss Xu?" Are you planning to purchase&nbsp;&nbsp; one of our rooftop cemeteries? We offer&nbsp; the best possible discount if needed.&nbsp; Yu Ming spoke with unusual seriousness. Xu Taihang almost died on the spot.&nbsp;&nbsp; He took several deep breaths before his&nbsp; wildly beating heart calmed down a little.&nbsp; "Mr. Yu, why don't you give Mr. Xiao&nbsp; a call? I'd like to have a few words&nbsp;&nbsp; with him on the phone, what do you think?" Xu Taihang did his best to restrain himself.&nbsp; Yu Ming also deeply understands the principle&nbsp; that too much of a good thing is bad.&nbsp; After a moment's hesitation,&nbsp; she said, "Okay, no problem."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; who had just started class, suddenly felt his&nbsp; phone vibrate. He looked and saw it was Yu Ming.&nbsp; After thinking about it for a moment, he... He left the classroom,&nbsp;&nbsp; citing feeling unwell as the reason. Liu Qingyuan frowned slightly as she&nbsp;&nbsp; watched Xiao Qiang leave. "He was fine just&nbsp; now, how come he suddenly felt unwell?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang found a quiet&nbsp; place. "Yu Ming, what's wrong?"&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, I'm with Mr. Xu Taihang,&nbsp; the owner of Hengtai. He said he&nbsp;&nbsp; wants to say a few words to you." "Okay, then give him the phone!"&nbsp; Xu Taihang answered the phone, forcing&nbsp; a smile that looked more like a bitter&nbsp;&nbsp; smile. "President Xiao, this is Xu Taihang.&nbsp; I was thinking of visiting you in the next&nbsp;&nbsp; day or two. Is that convenient for you?" "Oh, how about tomorrow? I just got back from&nbsp;&nbsp; feeding the penguins and I'm jet-lagged." Xu Taihang inwardly grumbled, but still&nbsp;&nbsp; asked respectfully, "Then where&nbsp; should I look for you tomorrow?"&nbsp; "I'll send you the address after I'm done." "That would be perfect. Okay, you can continue&nbsp;&nbsp; adjusting to the time difference,&nbsp; and I'll get ready right away."&nbsp; One minute later, Xu Taihang saw that the location&nbsp; was Yanjing, and he breathed a sigh of relief.&nbsp; He was worried that the address Mr.&nbsp; Xiao sent him was in the Arctic… Chapter 49 Xu Taihang Gets Tricked The next morning at 9 a.m., Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; who was in a macroeconomics class,&nbsp; received a call from Xu Taihang.&nbsp; Using the same excuse, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang skipped class again.&nbsp; This made Liu Qingyuan very curious. How&nbsp; many times had this top scorer in the&nbsp;&nbsp; college entrance examination skipped class? Aren't you afraid of failing the course?&nbsp; As a class committee member, shouldn't I&nbsp; be concerned about my classmates' studies?&nbsp; Half an hour later, in Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; office at the Summer Palace Villa.&nbsp; Xu Taihang looked at the man in front of&nbsp; him, who was even younger than his son,&nbsp;&nbsp; and asked, "Are you President Xiao?" Xiao Qiang's slightly immature face&nbsp;&nbsp; revealed a calm smile. "What? Boss Xu, does&nbsp; a boss have to be a middle-aged or elderly&nbsp;&nbsp; person with one foot in the grave?" Xu Taihang almost got sent away again.&nbsp; "You're talking about me!" he thought to himself. Taking a deep breath and forcing a smile, he said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Of course not, Mr. Xiao is truly a young hero!" This was a heartfelt exclamation from him.&nbsp; Having been through the motions myself,&nbsp; I thought I could easily handle this&nbsp;&nbsp; out-of-province real estate company. Unexpectedly, he kicked a steel plate,&nbsp;&nbsp; and not only was his killing move easily&nbsp; neutralized by the opponent, but now the&nbsp;&nbsp; opponent has directly hit Hengtai's weak point. "Mr. Xiao, it's like this. I've already given my&nbsp;&nbsp; son a good scolding for arbitrarily adjusting the&nbsp; planning of the Yuhu Tianxia project. How could&nbsp;&nbsp; he possibly affect the lighting of your project?" Don't worry, the plans have already been adjusted!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang thought to himself, "What a cunning&nbsp; old fox. Is he using his own son as a scapegoat?"&nbsp; "Oh, that's great. Uncle Xu, come on, what do&nbsp; you think of the scenery in my neighborhood?"&nbsp; As he spoke, he handed Xu Taihang a cigarette. Xu Taihang accepted the cigarette with&nbsp;&nbsp; trepidation, lit it, and took a deep drag. "The&nbsp; scenery in the Yihe Courtyard Villa community is&nbsp;&nbsp; truly beautiful. Is it all Mr. Xiao's property?" Xiao Qiang called him Uncle Xu, but he dared not&nbsp;&nbsp; call Fang his nephew. Xiao Qiang nodded.&nbsp; "It's beautiful, but isn't it a bit lacking for&nbsp; my company headquarters? Isn't there a missing&nbsp;&nbsp; office building next door?" Uncle Xu, what should we do?&nbsp; Xu Taihang: "?! ... Holy crap!&nbsp; "You need office space? Then build one yourself!&nbsp;&nbsp; Why are you asking me?" Xu Taihang cursed inwardly.&nbsp; "Uh... writing... office building?" "Yes, a while ago, when a real&nbsp;&nbsp; estate development company boss came to visit&nbsp; Yiheyuan Villa, he said that next time he came,&nbsp;&nbsp; he would build me a 30-story fully intelligent&nbsp; office building for free. But I am young and&nbsp;&nbsp; have a bad memory, so I forgot which boss it was." "Uncle Xu, could you help me think of something?"&nbsp; Xu Taihang: "..." How the hell should I know?&nbsp; You think you have a bad memory? I'm&nbsp; over fifty and I have a good memory!&nbsp; Anyway, that person definitely wasn't me. The construction cost of a 30-story building&nbsp;&nbsp; would easily be 200 million... "Uh, I..."&nbsp; "It doesn't matter if you can't remember. I've&nbsp; calculated that if I sell all of my sky cemetery,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can make about 500 million. I'll&nbsp; make the money myself and build it&nbsp;&nbsp; myself. I can't count on my friends." After that, I switched to developing&nbsp;&nbsp; tomb raiding properties, following in Uncle Xu's&nbsp; footsteps. I should be able to make a fortune,&nbsp;&nbsp; don't you think, Uncle Xu…” Xu Taihang shuddered in fright.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao... I remember now, the developer&nbsp; who said he would build you an office&nbsp;&nbsp; building for free, that's me." You really have a bad memory...&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked up abruptly from his&nbsp; lowered head. "Look at my memory! I&nbsp;&nbsp; was just saying that the boss's surname was&nbsp; Xu, but I just couldn't remember his name!"&nbsp; "Then I'll have to trouble you,&nbsp; Uncle Xu. By the way, Uncle Xu,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's sign this free donation contract today.&nbsp; I'm afraid I might forget something one day and&nbsp;&nbsp; build a sky cemetery instead..." Seeing the other party magically&nbsp;&nbsp; produce a contract, Xu Taihang sighed&nbsp; inwardly, "They've got me cornered..."&nbsp; Xu Taihang picked up the pen&nbsp; and swiftly signed his name.&nbsp; "Uncle Xu, you're too kind..." Xu Taihang's heart bled, his hands&nbsp;&nbsp; trembled, "It's nothing, just a small token..." "Alright, since Uncle Xu insists on giving it&nbsp;&nbsp; to me, I'll reluctantly accept. Uncle Xu,&nbsp; however, the contract stipulates that you&nbsp;&nbsp; need to hand over the office building&nbsp; to me within four months, otherwise&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll have to pay me a penalty of 500 million." "Ugh, this staff member from our company is really&nbsp;&nbsp; outrageous. Xu said, if you're in a difficult&nbsp; position, perhaps we could revise the terms?"&nbsp; Xu Taihang stood there dumbfounded.&nbsp; He had been so focused on signing the&nbsp;&nbsp; document that he hadn't read the terms carefully. Suppressing the urge to curse, he forced a smile&nbsp;&nbsp; that looked more like a grimace. "No problem, no&nbsp; problem, I'll arrange the construction team right&nbsp;&nbsp; away, and we'll definitely deliver on time..." "Uncle Xu, I heard that big bosses all&nbsp;&nbsp; have a private jet parked on their office&nbsp; buildings... Do you consider me a big boss?"&nbsp; He instantly felt his blood pressure&nbsp;&nbsp; spike. "Mr. Xiao, I remember telling you back then&nbsp; that I also wanted to send you a helicopter..."&nbsp; "Wow, as they say, old ginger&nbsp; is spicier. Uncle Xu has a great&nbsp;&nbsp; memory. This office building is perfect." "Uncle Xu, what do you think of my square..."&nbsp; Xu Taihang, the monk, was completely&nbsp; baffled. What was going on here?&nbsp; "It's quite big; perfect for company&nbsp; employees to stretch their legs..."&nbsp; "Ugh, it's so empty. If only&nbsp; there was a Koenigsegg inside..."&nbsp; When will this ever end?&nbsp; You want a supercar too? Mr. Xu quickly drank the blood&nbsp;&nbsp; pressure medication he carried with him, and Xiao&nbsp; Qiang thoughtfully handed him a glass of water.&nbsp; "Koenigsegg, those things are hard to get. I&nbsp; heard there are only 30 in the whole world..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang chimed in, "Yes, Uncle Xu knows a&nbsp; lot. I just heard that a top-of-the-line model&nbsp;&nbsp; is coming to Beijing for a showroom during the&nbsp; National Day holiday. Isn't that a coincidence?"&nbsp; Damn it, what a joke!&nbsp; Xu Taihang's heart was bleeding.&nbsp; "That...that was indeed a coincidence."&nbsp; If Mr. Xiao likes it, I'll buy it for you! Since I've already been swindled out of 300&nbsp;&nbsp; million, I don't care about this 50 million! Xiao Qiang looked extremely embarrassed. "Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; Uncle Xu is truly a model of respecting&nbsp; the elderly and caring for the young...!"&nbsp; Xu Taihang: "......" Just as Xu Taihang&nbsp;&nbsp; was about to breathe a sigh of relief. "Uncle Xu, look at these thousands of acres of&nbsp;&nbsp; old, dilapidated houses around my project. If we&nbsp; demolish them, could we dig an artificial lake?"&nbsp; "My son and I go swimming in there&nbsp; whenever we have free time..."&nbsp; Xu Taihang shuddered! I acted impulsively!&nbsp; "Huh? How come I suddenly went blind?&nbsp; I can't see anything! Xiao Liu,&nbsp;&nbsp; take me to the hospital quickly. Mr. Xiao, I'll&nbsp; go see a doctor first, we can talk again later!"&nbsp; Damn it, you dared to swindle&nbsp; me? I'll make you pay double!&nbsp; After leaving the Summer Palace&nbsp; villa, Mr. Xu, whose eyesight&nbsp;&nbsp; had been restored, was trembling with anger. This guy finally managed to raise several billion&nbsp;&nbsp; from Hong Kong, and in just a short while, this&nbsp; bastard swindled more than 300 million of it away.&nbsp; After a while, Xiao Qiang called Yu Ming&nbsp; and briefly explained the situation,&nbsp;&nbsp; saying, "The funeral street and rooftop&nbsp; cemetery projects can be withdrawn for now."&nbsp; He wasn't worried that Xu Taihang&nbsp; would dare to renege on his promise! Chapter 50 World Military Combat Competition A moment later,&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Muyao entered Xiao Qiang's office. "How's the short selling of M shares going?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang spoke softly. "It's alright. Major securities&nbsp;&nbsp; companies and mutual funds believe that&nbsp; the White House will continue to introduce&nbsp;&nbsp; market rescue policies, and believe that the&nbsp; downside potential of M shares is limited."&nbsp; Therefore, they are all willing&nbsp; to lend us the target stock.&nbsp; We should be able to spend all&nbsp; our funds by September 28th.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded in satisfaction. If he hadn't been reborn,&nbsp;&nbsp; he wouldn't have believed that the White House's&nbsp; successive bailout policies would end in failure.&nbsp; "Mu Yao, let's get ready to set up a venture&nbsp; capital firm! We'll hire top venture capital&nbsp;&nbsp; talent from around the world with high salaries." Are you planning to move into the real economy?&nbsp; Li Muyao asked excitedly. "After this shorting of M shares, we&nbsp; will basically have the foundation&nbsp;&nbsp; to move into the real economy." Investing in stocks can make us rich,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the living standards of people in our country&nbsp; are still far behind those in developed countries.&nbsp; We have a responsibility and&nbsp; an obligation to strive to&nbsp;&nbsp; improve the income level of the Chinese people. This necessitates a large number of jobs. And a&nbsp;&nbsp; thriving industry leads to a thriving nation. The composure and seriousness Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; displayed when he said these words&nbsp; were extremely unusual for his age.&nbsp; Inspired by Xiao Qiang, Li Muyao&nbsp; also became full of enthusiasm.&nbsp; She now finally understood why Xiao Qiang&nbsp; didn't make money from the Chinese stock market.&nbsp; Because he didn't want the Chinese people to&nbsp; become the "leeks" (victims) of the stock market.&nbsp; Even so, Chinese stock market investors are still&nbsp; being exploited by different large investors.&nbsp; But Xiao Qiang did what he&nbsp; did with a clear conscience.&nbsp; As for making money from the US stock market,&nbsp; he felt no psychological pressure whatsoever.&nbsp; Li Muyao's gaze towards Xiao Qiang&nbsp; now held even more admiration.&nbsp; Although he was young, he always&nbsp; had a deep sense of patriotism.&nbsp; This heartfelt admiration transformed&nbsp; into wholehearted dedication.&nbsp; Inside the office cubicles, a fierce battle raged. It even raised the temperature in the&nbsp;&nbsp; office quite a bit! After Xiao Qiang left,&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Muyao immediately convened a meeting, and the&nbsp; entire human resources department was mobilized&nbsp;&nbsp; to work closely with various headhunting&nbsp; companies, carrying out instructions.&nbsp; Qiangsheng Group spares no expense in poaching&nbsp; talented individuals who possess ability and&nbsp;&nbsp; creativity. Xiao Qiang was aimlessly browsing the web&nbsp; in his office when a headline titled "World&nbsp;&nbsp; Military Free Fighting Competition to be held in&nbsp; Yanjing on September 16" caught his attention.&nbsp; He immediately picked up his phone&nbsp; and saw that it was tomorrow.&nbsp; The World Military Free Fighting Championship&nbsp; was initially held in NATO member states led&nbsp;&nbsp; by the United States. The participants&nbsp; in this competition are basically elite&nbsp;&nbsp; soldiers from various countries. The top three finishers in the&nbsp;&nbsp; competition will not only receive a huge&nbsp; prize of $10 million, but will also be&nbsp;&nbsp; awarded the title of World's Best Soldiers. In literature, there is no first place;&nbsp;&nbsp; in martial arts, there is no second. The title&nbsp; of world's best soldier holds immense appeal&nbsp;&nbsp; for soldiers who value strength above all else. Although Xiao Qiang was just an ordinary citizen,&nbsp;&nbsp; he was very fond of special forces movies and TV&nbsp; series because he had a strong military complex.&nbsp; How can I get admission tickets? Xiao Qiang pondered to himself.&nbsp; I suddenly remembered Lin Hao, the national&nbsp; security officer I met a few days ago at&nbsp;&nbsp; the Victoria's Secret lingerie store. I found the other person's phone number&nbsp;&nbsp; and dialed it directly. "Hey, Xiaoqiang, I'm so&nbsp;&nbsp; happy you called! What's up?" Xiao Qiang said cheerfully,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Brother Hao, isn't the World Military Combat&nbsp; Championship being held in Yanjing tomorrow?"&nbsp; Is there any way to get admission tickets? "Haha, you've come to the right person.&nbsp;&nbsp; How many do you need? I'll get them for you!" "Just one is fine, thank you for your help,&nbsp;&nbsp; Brother Hao." "Between brothers,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's no need to be so polite! Let's meet&nbsp; tomorrow at the entrance of the military club."&nbsp; "Okay, Brother Hao." Xiao Qiang was in a great mood. How exciting would it be to watch elite&nbsp;&nbsp; soldiers from different countries fight live! The next morning.&nbsp; "Fu Hao, remember to sign in!" "You skipped class again?"&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, you're amazing! It's only&nbsp; been a few days since school started,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you've already skipped class one&nbsp; after another. I admire you the most."&nbsp; "For the next three days, please sign in for me!" "What? Three days? What&nbsp;&nbsp; are you going to do there?" Fu Hao was completely speechless. Did this&nbsp;&nbsp; top student count his absences by the day? "Let's go see a show!"&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, is there a performance that&nbsp; can broaden your horizons? Can I join you?"&nbsp; Brother Niu looked at Xiao Qiang with longing. "Hey Hao, when I get back I'll&nbsp; give you two websites where you&nbsp;&nbsp; can see beautiful Western women!" "That's great, it's settled then!"&nbsp; Hao Niubi's academic potential&nbsp; is evident everywhere he goes.&nbsp; After a few days, Brother Niu Bi has been&nbsp; able to provide simultaneous translations&nbsp;&nbsp; for everyone watching Japanese adult films. He was no longer satisfied with learning Japanese&nbsp;&nbsp; and showed a strong interest in learning&nbsp; English vocabulary for specific contexts.&nbsp; After arriving in Yanjing,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang did not buy a car because the&nbsp; school and the Yiheyuan Villa were very close.&nbsp; He always believed that money should be spent&nbsp; wisely, and that every penny of profit from the&nbsp;&nbsp; US should be squeezed out of the country. "Oh! Xiaoqiang, this..."&nbsp; Lin Hao, who was the first to&nbsp; see Xiao Qiang, waved to him.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang greeted him with a smile. "Here you go, Xiaoqiang, this is your admission&nbsp;&nbsp; ticket. A few friends are coming over later,&nbsp; and I'll introduce them to you while I'm at it."&nbsp; "That's great." Xiao Qiang had few friends in Yanjing,&nbsp;&nbsp; so he showed great enthusiasm for making friends. Less than two minutes later, two young men&nbsp;&nbsp; of similar age to Lin Hao walked towards him. "Haozi, who is this? I've never seen him before!"&nbsp; The speaker was a fat man. "Let me introduce you all.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is Xiao Qiang, my new friend." Knowing Huang Xiaogua's identity,&nbsp;&nbsp; I admire his courage in beating her up. The two were shocked that he dared to&nbsp;&nbsp; beat up Huang Xiaogua. It's truly extraordinary.&nbsp; Hello, Xiaoqiang. The two greeted Xiao Qiang separately, which&nbsp; was considered as their acknowledgment of him.&nbsp; "This fat guy is called He Lida. Don't let&nbsp; his naive and harmless appearance fool you;&nbsp;&nbsp; he's actually a cunning devil who'll eat people&nbsp; alive and keeps a collection of luxury cars."&nbsp; The fat man pouted, "What the hell is this&nbsp; fat man? Is that how you introduce yourself?"&nbsp; "I call this roundness. Xiaoqiang, come&nbsp; to me if you need to buy a car next time."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said cheerfully, "Hello, Brother Da." "Just call him Dazi. When brothers get along,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's no need to call him&nbsp; 'brother' or 'younger brother'."&nbsp; "This is Xiao Ji, Ji Zhiming. His family is&nbsp; in the film and television media business.&nbsp;&nbsp; Look at his pale face, he's a typical&nbsp; young master with kidney deficiency."&nbsp; Lin Hao pointed to a fair-skinned&nbsp; young man and introduced him.&nbsp; "Cough... Haozi... are you introducing&nbsp; me, or are you exposing my shortcomings?"&nbsp; Hello, Zhiming. The two shook hands.&nbsp; "Let's go in." Just as the four were about to go inside, a smart&nbsp;&nbsp; and capable female soldier walked towards them. This instantly caught Xiao Qiang's attention! Chapter 51 The Chinese Female Soldier Queen The other party was dressed in military uniform.&nbsp; Her not-too-long hair was neatly tossed behind her&nbsp; ears, and she had a stunningly beautiful face with&nbsp;&nbsp; light makeup, and a tall, straight figure. "What an amazing military beauty!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang sighed inwardly, never&nbsp; expecting to encounter such a stunning&nbsp;&nbsp; beauty while participating in a military combat&nbsp; competition, a scene brimming with testosterone.&nbsp; Heaven has been kind to me! But then look at He Lida and Ji Zhiming,&nbsp;&nbsp; they hide behind Xiao Qiang and&nbsp; Lin Hao like mice seeing a cat.&nbsp; This left Xiao Qiang completely puzzled. Which man wouldn't fawn over such a beautiful&nbsp;&nbsp; woman and display his sycophantic skills? You two, on the other hand,&nbsp;&nbsp; seem to want to disappear into the ground. "Fatty, Xiao Ji, are you two so afraid of me?"&nbsp; Her voice has a magnetic quality&nbsp; that draws people in effortlessly.&nbsp; Dazi: "Hello, Sister Luo... Sister Luo." Xiao Ji: "Sister Luo... what&nbsp;&nbsp; brings you here, sir..." The two's tense demeanor made&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Xinlu burst into laughter. "What a beautiful smile!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stood to the side, silently sighing. "I'm here to participate in the competition.&nbsp;&nbsp; Have you forgotten what I do for a living?" As Su Xinlu spoke, she swiftly swept her leg out,&nbsp;&nbsp; her military boots stopping just&nbsp; two inches from Xiao Ji's face.&nbsp; Feeling a gust of wind, Xiao Ji cautiously raised&nbsp; her hand, pushed up the military boots in front&nbsp;&nbsp; of her face, and said tremblingly, "Sister&nbsp; Luo... Sister Luo, it's so tiring to keep my&nbsp;&nbsp; legs up like this. Please... put them down!" Su Xinlu then quickly pulled her leg back.&nbsp; Looking at the scene before him, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; remarked, "Great legs, long and straight."&nbsp; Although Su Xinlu was wearing a military uniform,&nbsp; her beautiful legs underneath could not be seen.&nbsp; But Xiaoqiang is good at making things up! "If I were to carry that leg&nbsp;&nbsp; on my shoulder... cough..." The scene was absolutely beautiful.&nbsp; "Haozi, who's this? He looks&nbsp; unfamiliar, I've never seen&nbsp;&nbsp; him before! Aren't you going to introduce him?" "Hehe, Sister Luo, it's not my turn to speak."&nbsp; This guy's name is Xiao Qiang, a freshman at Yanda&nbsp; University. He's a tough guy too, just like you,&nbsp;&nbsp; he beat up Huang Xiaogua. Lin Hao pointed to Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang and introduced him to Su Xinluo. Upon hearing Lin Hao's introduction,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Xinlu was clearly taken aback. A student&nbsp; dared to beat up the son of China's richest man?&nbsp; That's quite audacious! He stared at Xiao Qiang with&nbsp;&nbsp; great interest, "Oh, handsome little brother!" Since you've gained Haozi and the others'&nbsp;&nbsp; approval, I don't mind taking&nbsp; you on as a follower. Remember,&nbsp;&nbsp; in Yanjing, Sister Luo will protect you. For some reason, Xiao Qiang asked, "Sister Luo,&nbsp;&nbsp; how did you know I'm a little brother?" Lin Hao, Da Zi, and Xiao Ji all&nbsp; looked at him as if he were a monster.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang's got guts! He actually dared&nbsp; to flirt with Sister Luo to her face..."&nbsp; "A role model for us all..." "What a talent..."&nbsp; The three, who had been psychologically&nbsp; traumatized by Su Xinluo's suppression,&nbsp;&nbsp; were suppressing their laughter and secretly&nbsp; observing what Su Xinluo would do next.&nbsp; Su Xinlu looked surprised after&nbsp; hearing Xiao Qiang's words.&nbsp; It seems that Sister Luo's reputation in Yanjing&nbsp; isn't quite as awe-inspiring as it seems!&nbsp; How dare someone flirt with you to your face? Of the rich kids, officials' kids,&nbsp;&nbsp; and military kids, at least 80 to 100&nbsp; have been brutally beaten by Su Xinluo.&nbsp; How long has it been since&nbsp; someone teased me again?&nbsp; She herself had forgotten. Su Xinluo stepped forward&nbsp;&nbsp; with a playful expression, looking&nbsp; at Xiao Qiang as if he were her prey.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, however, was not afraid at&nbsp; all, and their gazes clashed fiercely.&nbsp; The trio watched Su Xinluo and Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's stance with extreme tension,&nbsp;&nbsp; their hearts pounding in their chests. Su Xinluo saw that the other person's&nbsp;&nbsp; gaze was unwavering. Suddenly, she lost her cold&nbsp;&nbsp; aura and chuckled, "Interesting. After the&nbsp; competition, I'll play with you some more."&nbsp; Seeing this, the three of them&nbsp; breathed a sigh of relief.&nbsp; Su Xinluo went into the military club on her own. The entire military club has three floors,&nbsp;&nbsp; each with a building area of&nbsp; nearly 4,000 square meters.&nbsp; Each floor has 10 training grounds. According to Lin Hao, a total of 285&nbsp;&nbsp; soldiers of elite rank from 82 countries&nbsp; participated in the competition.&nbsp; These 285 people were further&nbsp; divided into 30 groups,&nbsp;&nbsp; with an average of 10 people in each group. The group adopts a round-robin points system,&nbsp;&nbsp; which means that each person in the group&nbsp; will play one game against everyone else in&nbsp;&nbsp; the group. Based on the points rule of 3 wins, 1&nbsp; draw, and 0 losses, the top player in the group&nbsp;&nbsp; will be selected to enter the semi-finals. The 30 people who entered the semi-finals&nbsp;&nbsp; were divided into 6 groups by&nbsp; drawing lots, and the top player&nbsp;&nbsp; in each group was selected to enter the final. The six finalists were divided into two groups,&nbsp;&nbsp; with the top scorer from each group competing&nbsp; for the title of Global Super Soldier King.&nbsp; Interestingly, the selected super soldier&nbsp; king must accept challenges from any person,&nbsp;&nbsp; and only after passing the challenges of 3&nbsp; people can he be officially crowned king.&nbsp; At 9 a.m., the World Military Combat&nbsp; Championship officially began,&nbsp;&nbsp; and surprisingly, a high-ranking official from&nbsp; the Chinese military was among the attendees.&nbsp; During the introduction, the host even mentioned&nbsp; that a high-ranking military figure would be&nbsp;&nbsp; attending the final three days later. He personally presented the King of&nbsp;&nbsp; Soldiers Medal to the world's top soldier. The organizing committee then announced&nbsp;&nbsp; the official start of the competition. Staff&nbsp; members busily began checking in participants.&nbsp; Half an hour later, 30 martial arts arenas on the&nbsp; three-story site started fighting simultaneously.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, Lin Hao, and the others arrived at&nbsp; the second floor where Su Xinluo was located.&nbsp; At this moment, Su Xinluo was wearing&nbsp; a camouflage vest and her long hair&nbsp;&nbsp; was tied up in a bun at the back of her head. Compared to the dark skin of many elite soldiers,&nbsp;&nbsp; her complexion was merely a healthy wheat color. Her eight-pack abs were exposed,&nbsp;&nbsp; and her moderately sized arms bulged&nbsp; with muscle as she exerted force,&nbsp;&nbsp; seemingly containing astonishing energy. "Xiaoqiang, what were you thinking, daring&nbsp;&nbsp; to flirt with Sister Luo? Do you think your small&nbsp; frame can withstand a punch or a kick from her?"&nbsp; Lin Hao pointed to Su Xinluo, who had&nbsp; just kicked a burly European man off the&nbsp;&nbsp; stage in the martial arts arena. "This woman is really something;&nbsp;&nbsp; she actually managed to take down a&nbsp; big European special forces soldier."&nbsp; You really can't judge a book by its cover. Xiao Qiang also praised Su Xinluo's performance.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, do you know who Sister Luo is?" Ji Yuming asked from the side.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang: "A female special&nbsp; forces soldier, huh..."&nbsp; Xiao Ji nodded, then shook his head. "Sister&nbsp; Luo is a female special forces soldier,&nbsp;&nbsp; but she's not just any ordinary special forces&nbsp; soldier. Otherwise, why would she be sent to&nbsp;&nbsp; participate in such a high-level competition?" Xiao Qiang nodded thoughtfully. "What is that?"&nbsp; Xiao Ji cleared his throat. "Sister Luo&nbsp; serves in the Yanjing Military Region&nbsp;&nbsp; and is the only female soldier among the&nbsp; seven major military regions of China."&nbsp; In the competition for the title of "King&nbsp; of Soldiers" in the seven military regions,&nbsp;&nbsp; he ranked among the top three&nbsp; in combat effectiveness.&nbsp; She climbed to the top by stepping on&nbsp; the faces of countless male soldiers!&nbsp; After saying that, she gave Xiao Qiang a smug&nbsp; look, as if he were the female soldier king.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was stunned.&nbsp; Was it really that amazing?&nbsp; Women are at a disadvantage in this kind of&nbsp; free fighting, regardless of physical ability,&nbsp;&nbsp; strength, or speed. Yet Su Xinluo, a woman, is&nbsp; able to rank among the top three in the list of&nbsp;&nbsp; China's elite soldiers. That's amazing! Chapter 52 How about a massage? On the first day of the preliminary rounds,&nbsp;&nbsp; 21 groups completed a round-robin tournament. The fact that some groups did not finish only&nbsp;&nbsp; indicates that the participants in the group&nbsp; were evenly matched, and that winning would&nbsp;&nbsp; be time-consuming and laborious. Of the 14 elite soldiers sent by&nbsp;&nbsp; the seven military regions of China, 5&nbsp; advanced, and 5 of the remaining 9 were&nbsp;&nbsp; killed by their own teammates. Xiao Qiang was thrilled by just&nbsp;&nbsp; the first day of the preliminary rounds. This kind of fight, without protective gear&nbsp;&nbsp; or restrictions, and with every punch landing,&nbsp; got the audience's blood pumping. The cheers and&nbsp;&nbsp; shouts from the stands grew louder and louder. The Chinese military has also equipped the&nbsp;&nbsp; competition with a large medical support team&nbsp; to deal with any emergencies that may occur.&nbsp; … The competition reached&nbsp;&nbsp; its climax on the afternoon of the second day. The competition to narrow down the field from&nbsp;&nbsp; 30 to 6 has already vividly demonstrated&nbsp; the brutal nature of such a contest.&nbsp; Tonieltai, who is in the same group as Su&nbsp; Xinluo, is 174cm tall and weighs 75kg. He&nbsp;&nbsp; has won the middleweight championship of&nbsp; Teddy Country for five consecutive times.&nbsp; In the same group of 5, Su Xinluo&nbsp; and Tonieltai had previously defeated&nbsp;&nbsp; the other 3 players, each earning 9 points. Now the two have finally met on a narrow path.&nbsp; The winner of the two will advance from the&nbsp; group stage to the finals of the first stage.&nbsp; After several rounds of competition, both players&nbsp; had sustained injuries to varying degrees.&nbsp; But the spirit and energy of a strong&nbsp; person are still evident on their face.&nbsp; On the ring, the fight between Su Xinluo&nbsp; and Tonieltai entered a heated phase.&nbsp; In the first four minutes, the two&nbsp; exchanged blows, with Su Xinlu even&nbsp;&nbsp; being punched hard in the abdomen. There's still a trace of blood&nbsp;&nbsp; on the corner of his mouth. This made Xiao Qiang feel a pang of&nbsp;&nbsp; heartache. "Damn it, this Thai idiot, doesn't&nbsp; he know that beautiful women are meant to be&nbsp;&nbsp; cherished... how could he hit him like that?" The two figures moved like lightning bolts,&nbsp;&nbsp; swiftly traversing the arena,&nbsp; each exchange making hearts race.&nbsp; Toniel suddenly let out a low growl and&nbsp; slammed his fist into Su Xinluo's head.&nbsp; On the battlefield, there is no distinction&nbsp; between men and women. As a battle-hardened&nbsp;&nbsp; king of soldiers from the Teddy Kingdom who has&nbsp; experienced life and death, Toniertai will not&nbsp;&nbsp; show mercy just because his opponent is a woman. A glint of calm flashed in Su Xinluo's eyes. She&nbsp;&nbsp; ducked and skillfully dodged the attack. Her movements were swift and precise,&nbsp;&nbsp; as if they were all instinctive combat actions. Just as Tonilt's attack missed, Su Xinluo&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly pressed close to his body, then&nbsp; gathered all her strength and delivered a&nbsp;&nbsp; swift knee strike straight for his abdomen. Although Tonieltai reacted quickly, he was&nbsp;&nbsp; ultimately unable to completely evade the attack&nbsp; due to exhaustion from his previous exertion.&nbsp; He felt a tremendous force strike his abdomen,&nbsp; and the pain instantly spread throughout his body.&nbsp; Tonieltai bent over in pain, but he did not give&nbsp; up. He gritted his teeth, straightened his body,&nbsp;&nbsp; and prepared to launch a counterattack. However, Su Xinluo did not give him that&nbsp;&nbsp; chance. She quickly launched a series of&nbsp; attacks, her fists raining down on his ribs,&nbsp;&nbsp; abdomen, and other vulnerable areas. Each strike was accompanied by a dull thud,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Tonilt felt as if his body was being&nbsp; repeatedly pounded by a heavy hammer.&nbsp; His muscles began to ache, and his breathing&nbsp; became rapid. But he persevered, using all&nbsp;&nbsp; his strength to fend off Su Xinluo's attacks. However, Su Xinluo's attacks became increasingly&nbsp;&nbsp; fierce, and the killing skills she had&nbsp; honed in numerous life-or-death battles&nbsp;&nbsp; were put to full use at this moment. She would sometimes launch attacks&nbsp;&nbsp; with lightning speed, and at other times&nbsp; use softness to overcome hardness and&nbsp;&nbsp; neutralize Tonilthai's counterattacks.&nbsp; Tonilthai gradually felt overwhelmed,&nbsp;&nbsp; and his defense began to show weaknesses. Finally, in a fierce exchange,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Xinlu seized upon Tonieltai's weakness. She landed a powerful punch on his temple,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Tonilt felt dizzy. He swayed a few&nbsp; times, and finally collapsed on the&nbsp;&nbsp; ring due to the severity of his injury. The entire arena erupted in thunderous&nbsp;&nbsp; applause and cheers as Su Xinlu defeated the&nbsp; powerful Teddy Kingdom's boxing champion,&nbsp;&nbsp; Tony, with her outstanding fighting skills. She stood on the ring, sweat streaming down&nbsp;&nbsp; her face, her eyes gleaming with victory. At this moment, Su Xinluo was exhausted,&nbsp;&nbsp; both physically and mentally, and this final&nbsp; attack was only sustained by sheer willpower.&nbsp; After Su Xinlu stepped down, she immediately&nbsp; found Lin Hao and the others in the crowd.&nbsp; "Sister Luo is awesome! She actually knocked&nbsp; out the Teddy Kingdom's boxing champion..."&nbsp; "Sister Luo, have some water..." "What's wrong with Sister Luo...?"&nbsp; Su Xinlu looked at everyone, then suddenly&nbsp; everything went black and she fainted.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, who had already noticed something was&nbsp; wrong, immediately pulled Su Xinlu into his arms&nbsp;&nbsp; the moment she collapsed. "Hey, Sister Luo..."&nbsp; "Doctor, come quick..." While everyone was in a panic, Xiao Qiang quickly&nbsp; pressed several acupoints on Su Xinluo's back.&nbsp; Before the doctor arrived, Su Xinluo&nbsp; had already slowly opened her eyes.&nbsp; Seeing herself lying in the arms of the&nbsp; young man she had wanted to teach a lesson,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Xinlu instinctively tried to get up, but all&nbsp; her strength seemed to have been drained, and she&nbsp;&nbsp; couldn't even complete such a simple movement. She could only obediently let the man hold her;&nbsp;&nbsp; the feeling was quite peculiar. In the past, she was single-mindedly&nbsp;&nbsp; focused on improving herself through training,&nbsp; and her interactions with men were simply&nbsp;&nbsp; limited to the camaraderie between comrades. But at this moment, a feeling that was hard to&nbsp;&nbsp; describe suddenly arose deep within her heart. Seeing the doctor approach, Su Xinlu said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "No need to trouble the doctor, I'm just&nbsp; a little weak, I'll be fine after a rest."&nbsp; The doctor left only after she persuaded him to. Because there are too many places in different&nbsp;&nbsp; venues that need doctors. In competitions of this level,&nbsp;&nbsp; which are very close to real combat, it is&nbsp; perfectly normal for unexpected events to occur.&nbsp; Given that fists and feet can be dangerous&nbsp; in a fight, everyone signed a waiver of&nbsp;&nbsp; liability before the match. After resting for a while,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Xinluo finally struggled to sit up from&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's arms, her face already flushed .&nbsp; "Sister Luo, are you still&nbsp; able to compete tomorrow?"&nbsp; Lin Hao asked with concern. "Yes, health is the most important thing..."&nbsp; Dazi and Xiaoji chimed in. "This little injury is nothing... The&nbsp;&nbsp; final doesn't start until tomorrow afternoon,&nbsp; I'll just rest tonight and tomorrow morning!"&nbsp; At this moment, Su Xinluo had lost her&nbsp; previous vigorous and imposing aura.&nbsp; She looks more like a woman now! "I know a massage technique that&nbsp;&nbsp; can help people recover their energy&nbsp; quickly. Would you like to try it?"&nbsp; Just then, Xiao Qiang stared at Su Xinluo,&nbsp; who was resting in a chair, and said quietly.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, aren't you a student&nbsp; at Peking University? How come&nbsp;&nbsp; you know massage techniques..." "Um... I learned it by chance."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang could not possibly say that Hua Tuo,&nbsp; a famous doctor of the Three Kingdoms period,&nbsp;&nbsp; not only invented the Five Animal&nbsp; Frolics, but also specifically&nbsp;&nbsp; developed the "Energy Flow Massage Technique". Because this massage technique was a closely&nbsp;&nbsp; guarded secret of the Wei Kingdom, only a limited&nbsp; number of Wei generals had ever experienced it.&nbsp; With Hua Tuo being killed by Cao Cao, this&nbsp; miraculous massage technique was lost. Chapter 53 The Honor of Soldiers Unless they have an overwhelming advantage in&nbsp;&nbsp; combat power, the physical exertion of those who&nbsp; have made it to the finals is roughly the same.&nbsp; The final will depend on who can recover their&nbsp; physical strength as much as possible within the&nbsp;&nbsp; limited time tonight and tomorrow morning. Whoever achieves the final victory has&nbsp;&nbsp; the greatest chance. Su Xinluo's desire&nbsp;&nbsp; for victory was naturally extremely strong. Every soldier in China values this honor more&nbsp;&nbsp; than their own name and attaches great importance&nbsp; to this opportunity to win glory for the country.&nbsp; Although massage inevitably involves physical&nbsp; contact with the other person, it's all worth&nbsp;&nbsp; it if it increases your chances of winning. Su Xinlu did not reply to Xiao Qiang immediately.&nbsp; Instead, he turned to the side and said,&nbsp; "Xiao Ji, Hao Zi, go and find out who the&nbsp;&nbsp; six finalists are..." 5 minutes later.&nbsp; The two returned to the stands's&nbsp; rest area. "Sister Luo, besides you,&nbsp;&nbsp; the other five are Su Rui from China, Sato&nbsp; Masao from Japan, Ivanov from the United States,&nbsp;&nbsp; Owens from the United States, and Brady." After Lin Hao finished reciting the five names in&nbsp;&nbsp; one breath, Su Xinluo showed a solemn expression. Su Rui, with outstanding combat skills,&nbsp;&nbsp; comes from the Lanzhou Military Region&nbsp; and was the first place winner in the&nbsp;&nbsp; Huaxia Special Forces Selection Competition. In fact, it didn't matter to Su Xinluo whether&nbsp;&nbsp; she or Su Rui won the title of World Super Soldier&nbsp; King, because it was the honor of the country and&nbsp;&nbsp; the glory of the nation. Masao Sato,&nbsp;&nbsp; the newly crowned king of soldiers in Japan. Ivanov of the Great Bear Kingdom was as strong&nbsp;&nbsp; as a brown bear, yet agile, and it is said that he&nbsp; once killed two brown bears with his bare hands.&nbsp; Owens and Brady from the United States are&nbsp; respectively from the US Navy SEALs and&nbsp;&nbsp; Delta Force, with Owens being last year's&nbsp; winner of the World's Super Soldier Award.&nbsp; Any one of them would be a king&nbsp; among the world's special forces.&nbsp; No one knew what she was thinking, but from&nbsp; her serious expression, everyone knew that the&nbsp;&nbsp; upcoming match would be fraught with difficulties. Su Xinluo raised her head to meet Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; gaze, "Then come with me!" Xiao Qiang was taken aback. "Where to?"&nbsp; "Let's get a room!" Lin Hao, Da Zi, and Xiao Ji: "Uh..."&nbsp; Why are you in such a hurry! In broad daylight, are they&nbsp;&nbsp; treating us like we don't exist? Seeing everyone's stunned gazes,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Xinluo suddenly realized what was&nbsp; going on and put on a fierce expression:&nbsp;&nbsp; "What are you all thinking? I meant to book a&nbsp; room and have Xiao Qiang give me a massage."&nbsp; Why don't you guys go over too? Everyone immediately shook their&nbsp;&nbsp; heads like rattles, "No need...no need..." What a joke! They'd be trying to avoid it!&nbsp;&nbsp; Only a fool would go for it! Needless to say, the three of&nbsp;&nbsp; them had a close relationship with Su&nbsp; Xinluo; they had all grown up together.&nbsp; But he was also beaten up by&nbsp; Su Xinluo since he was a child.&nbsp; In Su Xinluo's eyes, the three of them&nbsp; were just human punching bags for her&nbsp;&nbsp; to test the results of her training... Lin Hao drove Su Xinluo and Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; to the nearest five-star hotel,&nbsp; checked them in, and then left.&nbsp; As he left, Lin Hao took advantage of Su Xinluo's&nbsp; inattention to give Xiao Qiang a thumbs up.&nbsp; He shrugged and whispered, "Once we get&nbsp; Sister Luo, the brothers will be free."&nbsp; This completely stumped Xiao Qiang. After entering the room, the two were&nbsp;&nbsp; silent for a while, and Su Xinluo quickly&nbsp; couldn't stand the awkward silence.&nbsp; "Are you really confident that you can&nbsp; help me recover my strength quickly?"&nbsp; Without hesitation, Xiao Qiang replied, "I&nbsp; wouldn't dare say 100%, but I'd say 70-80%."&nbsp; Su Xinluo was overjoyed. If she rested naturally,&nbsp; she could recover 40% to 50% of her physical&nbsp;&nbsp; strength by tomorrow afternoon. If I can recover to 70-80%,&nbsp;&nbsp; my chances of advancing further in the&nbsp; remaining matches will be much greater.&nbsp; "Then let's get started. Do I&nbsp; need to take off my clothes?"&nbsp; "Just wear your underwear!" "Uh... of course I know I need&nbsp;&nbsp; to wear underwear. Do you expect me&nbsp; to take my clothes off completely?!"&nbsp; "I don't mind..." Su Xinlu was completely speechless.&nbsp; You may not mind, but I do!&nbsp; Thinking that the other person&nbsp; was going to give her a massage,&nbsp;&nbsp; she didn't go berserk. What if she accidentally&nbsp; broke his bones? Who would massage her then?&nbsp; Su Xinluo deftly took off her vest,&nbsp; military trousers, and military boots.&nbsp; "As expected of a female soldier queen,&nbsp;&nbsp; she takes off her clothes so fast..." Xiao Qiang muttered to himself.&nbsp; After calming down a bit, Xiao Qiang looked at&nbsp; Su Xinluo, who was already lying on the bed.&nbsp; The skin on her arms and neck was a healthy&nbsp; wheat color, but the rest of her skin,&nbsp;&nbsp; hidden by her clothes, was as white as snow&nbsp; and so delicate it seemed to break at a touch.&nbsp; Secondly, what shocked Xiao Qiang was that&nbsp; Su Xinluo's fair skin was covered with more&nbsp;&nbsp; than a dozen crisscrossing scars, the longest&nbsp; of which was more than 20 centimeters long...&nbsp; Xiao Qiang even noticed several circular scars on&nbsp; his shoulder, clearly caused by a gunshot wound…&nbsp; As he looked at these so-called&nbsp; "military honors," he was already&nbsp;&nbsp; imagining what kind of brutal battles she&nbsp; had gone through to bear so many scars.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang sat on the bed, his right hand&nbsp; unconsciously stroking one of the scars.&nbsp; Although she had a lot of physical contact&nbsp; with male enemies in her usual battles,&nbsp;&nbsp; she still trembled for no reason when Xiao&nbsp; Qiang touched her so gently at this moment.&nbsp; I don't know if it's&nbsp; nervousness or something else...&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's fingers simply wandered over&nbsp; the scars, occasionally pressing them.&nbsp; "Isn't it terrifying!" Su Xinlu asked, her tone relaxed, as if&nbsp;&nbsp; she had already let go of the scars on her body. Xiao Qiang first shook his head without answering,&nbsp;&nbsp; but gently asked, "It must have hurt&nbsp; a lot when you were injured, right?"&nbsp; "At the time, I was only thinking&nbsp; about killing the other person,&nbsp;&nbsp; and my attention was not on the pain at all." Pain is something we only realize afterward.&nbsp; Do you like wearing skirts? Su Xinlu instinctively said&nbsp;&nbsp; "I like it," but immediately changed&nbsp; her mind and said "I don't like it."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang understood her thoughts very&nbsp; well. What woman doesn't like to dress&nbsp;&nbsp; herself up beautifully, and what girl can&nbsp; resist the temptation of a pretty dress?&nbsp; This is the first time I've worn such a pretty&nbsp; dress or swimsuit since I joined the army...&nbsp; She was afraid that her&nbsp; scars would frighten others.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang pondered for a moment,&nbsp; "I can help you get rid of them..."&nbsp; As soon as Xiao Qiang finished speaking, Su&nbsp; Xinluo, who was crawling, suddenly jumped up,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Really? You can really get rid of them?" His words were full of surprise and anticipation.&nbsp; She desperately wanted to remove these ugly&nbsp; scars, but modern medicine couldn't do it yet. Chapter 54 Is this how you treat a goddess? Upon hearing Xiao Qiang say that he could&nbsp;&nbsp; remove these scars, her heart&nbsp; was filled with renewed hope.&nbsp; She excitedly sat up, but the glimpse of her&nbsp; exposed skin made Xiao Qiang's gaze uneasy.&nbsp; After a flurry of activity, Su Xinluo's cheeks were flushed,&nbsp;&nbsp; and her black hair fluttered in the wind, making&nbsp; Xiao Qiang momentarily lose his composure.&nbsp; "You really can get rid of them...?" "Of course, but it might take some time..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded solemnly. "Well, these scars have been&nbsp;&nbsp; with me for many years anyway, I can&nbsp; wait, as long as they can be removed..."&nbsp; Su Xinluo appeared quite calm about this. "Let me give you a massage first."&nbsp; Su Xinluo then remembered her essential&nbsp; purpose, said "Oh," and obediently lay down.&nbsp; Subsequently, with the help of&nbsp; Hua Tuo, Xiao Qiang used special&nbsp;&nbsp; techniques to massage Su Xinluo's 37 acupoints. Su Xinluo had only intended to give it a try,&nbsp;&nbsp; but to her surprise, her body, which&nbsp; had been exhausted and filled with pain,&nbsp;&nbsp; gradually began to improve with Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's strange massage techniques.&nbsp; The mobilization of energy within&nbsp; the body gradually became smoother.&nbsp; One hour later!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was soaked in sweat, which showed&nbsp; how much energy and effort he had put in.&nbsp; Su Xinluo, however, fell into a deep sleep. Although my energy and spirit have been&nbsp;&nbsp; restored, I still need to rest&nbsp; to dispel the physical fatigue.&nbsp; After covering Su Xinluo with a blanket,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang went to sleep on another bed.&nbsp; The next morning, in the classroom of Class 1,&nbsp; Economics and Management, Yenching University!&nbsp; The seat next to Liu Qingyuan was empty. Although Xiao Qiang himself was not present,&nbsp;&nbsp; many boys who wanted to sit next to her gave&nbsp; up the idea when they remembered what the top&nbsp;&nbsp; student had once said: "Only one girl of the&nbsp; opposite sex can appear next to Liu Qingyuan."&nbsp; Even Fan Zhengyang could only&nbsp; look at Liu Qingyuan's beautiful&nbsp;&nbsp; figure and curse Xiao Qiang viciously. Every time she noticed a figure moving&nbsp;&nbsp; at the classroom door, she would casually look&nbsp; up, then lower her head again in disappointment.&nbsp; "Why haven't you come to class&nbsp; for two days in a row...?"&nbsp; "I'm a class committee member, shouldn't&nbsp; I be concerned about my classmates...?"&nbsp; After some internal struggle, Liu Qingyuan&nbsp;&nbsp; took out her phone and found Xiao Qiang on QQ. "Hmph, he hasn't said a single word to me&nbsp;&nbsp; since he added me as a friend!" Liu Qingyuan pondered to herself,&nbsp;&nbsp; recalling how all the men who had added&nbsp; her as a friend in the past had shamelessly&nbsp;&nbsp; tried to find topics to chat with her about. This Xiao Qiang, ever since adding someone as&nbsp;&nbsp; a friend, seems to have completely&nbsp; forgotten about this QQ friend.&nbsp; Looking at the "indestructible cockroach"&nbsp; profile picture that was still lit up,&nbsp;&nbsp; I thought, "Hmph, could it be that they're&nbsp; just keeping me as a backup option..."&nbsp; The strange feeling that arose in&nbsp; her heart startled Liu Qingyuan.&nbsp; What's wrong with me? Why am&nbsp; I so concerned about others?&nbsp; Her pretty face suddenly flushed. After thinking for a moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; she still typed in the chat box, "Why have you&nbsp; been absent from class for several days in a&nbsp;&nbsp; row? Is something you're busy with?" She typed and deleted the message several&nbsp;&nbsp; times before finally pressing the send button. Xiao Qiang, however, was still fast asleep.&nbsp; The mattresses in five-star&nbsp; hotels are really comfortable.&nbsp; Poor Liu, during those two hours, would&nbsp; take out her phone every few minutes,&nbsp;&nbsp; browse through it, and then&nbsp; put it down in disappointment.&nbsp; "That damn Xiao Qiang, that deadbeat Xiao&nbsp; Qiang dares not reply to my messages..."&nbsp; They even called me a goddess! How&nbsp; can you treat a goddess like that?!&nbsp; It's 11 a.m.&nbsp; Su Xinluo was the first to open her sleepy eyes. Seeing Xiao Qiang still fast asleep beside her,&nbsp;&nbsp; she was shocked. Had she ended up&nbsp; sharing a room with a strange man?&nbsp; Suddenly remembering something,&nbsp; she put her hands under the covers,&nbsp;&nbsp; checked her surroundings briefly, and realized&nbsp; she hadn't been attacked, which put her at ease.&nbsp; Half an hour later, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang finally woke up slowly.&nbsp; After spending time together yesterday, the two&nbsp; are no longer so unfamiliar with each other.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, your massage technique is amazing.&nbsp; I feel like I've recovered 90% of my strength."&nbsp; "Come on, to show my gratitude,&nbsp; I'll treat you to a big meal."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang naturally wouldn't refuse. He hadn't&nbsp; eaten last night, and now he was starving.&nbsp; At 2 p.m.,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lin Hao drove directly to the restaurant. Su Xinluo and Xiao Qiang were already waiting&nbsp;&nbsp; at the restaurant entrance. "You...you two, have you&nbsp;&nbsp; been together since yesterday?" While Su Xinluo was in the bathroom,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lin Hao asked Xiao Qiang in a cheeky manner. "Oh, right, what's wrong?"&nbsp; "Isn't Sister Luo's figure amazing? Since you&nbsp; two were together last night, did something&nbsp;&nbsp; particularly exciting happen? Come on, don't hide&nbsp; it from me, tell me the details, I can't wait..."&nbsp; Lin Hao bombarded him with questions, completely&nbsp; unaware of Xiao Qiang's constant winks at him.&nbsp; Before she could finish speaking, Su Xinluo,&nbsp; her face flushed with embarrassment, kicked&nbsp;&nbsp; Lin Hao so hard he fell flat on his face. Just as Lin Hao was about to start cursing,&nbsp;&nbsp; he saw Su Xinluo staring at him&nbsp; fiercely with a gloomy face.&nbsp; He jumped to his feet with a start. "Sister&nbsp; Luo, I was just concerned about you. After all,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're our eternal goddess... but... we can't&nbsp; let that bastard Xiao Qiang get away with it..."&nbsp; After saying that, he glanced at Xiao&nbsp; Qiang with an apologetic expression.&nbsp; His eyes seemed to say, "Brother, I'm sorry,&nbsp; but saving your life is the priority."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was amused and somewhat&nbsp; helpless by this guy's idiotic behavior.&nbsp; "real?" Su Xinlu asked quietly.&nbsp; "Of course it's true, heaven and earth can&nbsp; bear witness... May anyone who lies make Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Ji impotent for life..." "What a damn oath! Oh well, I&nbsp; made a bad choice in friends!"&nbsp; The final draw was about to begin, and Su Xinluo&nbsp; didn't take it too seriously with Lin Hao.&nbsp; In the afternoon finals venue, many armed guards&nbsp;&nbsp; dressed in Chinese military uniforms appeared. Then Xiao Qiang saw Su Xinluo and a Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; soldier in his early thirties saluting&nbsp; a middle-aged man in military uniform&nbsp;&nbsp; who was traveling with them. It was none other than General&nbsp;&nbsp; Chen Weiguo, the military bigwig who&nbsp; frequently appeared on television.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang couldn't hear what General Chen said&nbsp; to them, but it was nothing more than encouraging&nbsp;&nbsp; words like "we must win glory for the country." Soon, the draw for the 6-to-3&nbsp;&nbsp; elimination round began. Su Xinluo was unexpectedly&nbsp;&nbsp; drawn to be the previous World Super Soldier&nbsp; King, Owens, the captain of the US Navy SEALs.&nbsp; Suri's opponent was Ivanov&nbsp; from the Great Bear Kingdom.&nbsp; Masao Sato of Japan and Brady of Delta&nbsp; Force of the United States became rivals.&nbsp; There are no weaklings among those&nbsp; who make it into the top six.&nbsp; According to Su Xinluo's analysis yesterday,&nbsp; this year's Super Soldier King should be&nbsp;&nbsp; either Su Rui or Brady. There are two reasons.&nbsp; First, the two players entered the&nbsp; final round with an overwhelming&nbsp;&nbsp; advantage in the early stages of the competition. Secondly, it comes from the odds of the match.&nbsp; No matter where it is, wherever there is a&nbsp; competition, there will be underground casinos.&nbsp; At 3 PM, the first round of the&nbsp; finals started simultaneously.&nbsp; The cheers and shouts from the&nbsp; audience rose and fell in waves.&nbsp; Each contestant has many loyal fans,&nbsp; and several foreign contestants also&nbsp;&nbsp; have fans from their home countries who have&nbsp; traveled a long distance to support them.&nbsp; On the first stage: Su Xinluo VS&nbsp; last year's Super Soldier King Owens&nbsp; On the third stage: Masao Sato&nbsp; VS Championship favorite Brady&nbsp; On the fifth stage: Championship favorite&nbsp; Suri vs. Ivanov of the Great Bear Country Chapter 55 The Dark Horse of the East After 12 hours of recovery,&nbsp;&nbsp; the athletes show no signs of fatigue. Perhaps these elite soldiers possess&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely strong recovery abilities. Or perhaps, those who occupy the nation's top&nbsp;&nbsp; resources each have their own secrets to recovery. Standing on the ring, they seemed to be influenced&nbsp;&nbsp; by the audience's extremely enthusiastic&nbsp; emotions, and each of them was extremely excited.&nbsp; On the ring, the lights shone&nbsp; brightly, and the atmosphere was tense.&nbsp; Su Xinluo and Owens stood facing each&nbsp; other, their eyes fixed on each other&nbsp;&nbsp; with unwavering determination, as if&nbsp; they could see right through each other.&nbsp; The match began, and Su&nbsp; Xinluo made the first move.&nbsp; She moved with agility, striking like a&nbsp; cheetah, unleashing a barrage of punches&nbsp;&nbsp; and kicks that caught Owens off guard. Owens truly lives up to his reputation&nbsp;&nbsp; as the captain of the Navy SEALs and the&nbsp; previous winner of the Super Soldier Award.&nbsp; With his rich combat experience, he quickly&nbsp; adjusted his rhythm and began to fight steadily,&nbsp;&nbsp; gradually wearing down Su Xinluo's&nbsp; stamina with precise counterattacks.&nbsp; Owens's heavy punches were extremely lethal. After&nbsp; several rounds of exchanges, Su Xinlu's arm began&nbsp;&nbsp; to ache slightly and even felt a little numb. She took advantage of the moment the two separated&nbsp;&nbsp; and quickly shook her arms. Owens witnessed all of this,&nbsp;&nbsp; a mocking smile playing on his lips. Su Xinluo refused to be outdone. She&nbsp;&nbsp; gritted her teeth and launched wave after&nbsp; wave of fierce attacks with all her might.&nbsp; However, Owens was like a mountain, steadily&nbsp; withstanding her attacks. The match entered&nbsp;&nbsp; a heated phase, with both players drenched in&nbsp; sweat, each collision producing a dull thud.&nbsp; Suddenly, Owens seized an opening and delivered&nbsp; a powerful punch to Su Xinluo's abdomen.&nbsp; Owens's punch was much stronger than&nbsp; that of Teddy Kingdom's King of Soldiers,&nbsp;&nbsp; Toniel, which made Su Xinlu feel as if her&nbsp; internal organs were being squeezed together.&nbsp; Although she had already engaged her&nbsp; abdominal muscles and tensed all eight of&nbsp;&nbsp; them the moment Owens threw the punch, trying&nbsp; to cushion the impact of his powerful blow,&nbsp;&nbsp; she clearly underestimated the force of his punch. This scene was incredibly distressing for Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang. "Damn it, hitting a woman,&nbsp; especially a beautiful one, how can&nbsp;&nbsp; you bunch of stinking men be so heartless?" He secretly made a decision in his heart.&nbsp; Lin Hao and the other two were also on the verge&nbsp; of their hearts jumping out of their throats.&nbsp; They had no interest in watching the&nbsp; intense fights on the other arenas.&nbsp; Although the three of them were often&nbsp; tormented by Su Xinluo and they often&nbsp;&nbsp; complained, it was all superficial. The three of them still have a very&nbsp;&nbsp; deep relationship with Su Xinluo. They've practically cursed Owens'&nbsp;&nbsp; ancestors for eighteen generations. Su Xinlu bent over in pain, but she didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; give up and struggled to her feet. Owens seized&nbsp; the opportunity to launch a series of attacks,&nbsp;&nbsp; each one making Su Xinlu sway unsteadily. Finally, in a fierce exchange, Su Xinluo was&nbsp;&nbsp; overwhelmed and was hit by Owens' knee&nbsp; strike, falling heavily onto the ring.&nbsp; She struggled to stand up, but her body&nbsp; wouldn't obey her. The referee declared&nbsp;&nbsp; the game over, and Owens won . The crowd disregarded the game&nbsp;&nbsp; and rushed to the medical room immediately. At this time, in the medical room, the medical&nbsp;&nbsp; team from the Yanjing Military Region was already&nbsp; working intensively to examine Su Xinluo's body.&nbsp; A man with the rank of lieutenant general was also&nbsp; standing nearby, his eyes filled with heartache.&nbsp; After a thorough examination,&nbsp; the military doctor...&nbsp; She approached the middle-aged man. "Reporting to the Chief of Staff,&nbsp;&nbsp; Major Su is fine, just suffered a severe abdominal&nbsp; injury with slight organ displacement, which will&nbsp;&nbsp; recover automatically within half an hour." The external wound has been disinfected.&nbsp; The middle-aged man nodded. Upon seeing Xiao Qiang and his group arrive,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Xinlu sat up, supporting herself on the bed. "Uncle, we've come to see Xinluo."&nbsp; Lin Hao greeted him naturally. The same applies to the other two.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang followed suit and greeted the general. Although the general didn't recognize Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; he still politely smiled and nodded at him. At this moment, Xiao Qiang was wondering&nbsp;&nbsp; what the relationship was between this&nbsp; general and Su Xinluo. Could it be...?&nbsp; The crowd gathered around, offering words&nbsp;&nbsp; of comfort and consolation to Su Xinluo. This deeply moved Su Xinluo.&nbsp; "Alright, stop comforting me. It's&nbsp; not like I can't accept defeat."&nbsp; Su Xinlu said helplessly. "Let's go, I'm going out to watch the game."&nbsp; This prompted the general standing nearby to&nbsp; quickly step forward and say, "Take a good rest;&nbsp;&nbsp; your health is the most important thing." "I know my own body, I'm fine."&nbsp; He was about to get up when he said that. She could only manage half of it before the&nbsp;&nbsp; intense pain caused by the traction&nbsp; on her wound forced her to give up.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, stay here. You all go out." The three looked at Su Xinluo and then at&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang. Seeing Su Xinluo's menacing&nbsp; gaze, the three hesitated and had no&nbsp;&nbsp; choice but to leave obediently. The general stared at Su Xinluo.&nbsp; "Dad, you go out too." "I…"&nbsp; "Get out of here quickly..." Su Xinlu's words, which left no room for argument,&nbsp;&nbsp; were tinged with a hint of coquetry. "Why…"&nbsp; After a helpless sigh, the general left the&nbsp; infirmary with a suspicious look on his face.&nbsp; They left the infirmary. The general stopped Lin Hao directly,&nbsp;&nbsp; smiling, and asked, "Little Lin, what's&nbsp; the relationship between that young man&nbsp;&nbsp; who stayed in the infirmary and Xinluo?" Lin Hao's mind was startled. "Uncle,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang is a new friend of ours. He&nbsp; just met Xinlu the day before yesterday."&nbsp; He might know some massage techniques that&nbsp; could help Xinlu quickly recover her strength.&nbsp; Su Zhenguo nodded. He had&nbsp; thought the girl was in love.&nbsp; Five minutes later, the door&nbsp; to the infirmary opened.&nbsp; Su Xinluo was the first to push open the door&nbsp; and come out, followed closely by Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Everyone stared in astonishment at Su Xinluo,&nbsp; whose demeanor was completely different from&nbsp;&nbsp; before, and they were all shocked. That's amazing!&nbsp; In just a few short minutes, someone who can't&nbsp; even get out of bed can become perfectly fine.&nbsp; Su Xinlu was very satisfied with everyone's&nbsp; performance. She pouted smugly and walked&nbsp;&nbsp; ahead on her own. At this point, the round of 6&nbsp; to 3 matches had all concluded.&nbsp; In the first arena, Owens successfully advanced. In the third arena, Masao Sato surprisingly&nbsp;&nbsp; defeated the favorite to win, Brady,&nbsp; the captain of the US Delta Force.&nbsp; In the fifth arena, Su Rui successfully&nbsp; defeated Ivanov, a fierce general from&nbsp;&nbsp; the Great Bear Kingdom, as expected. The three first drew lots for the finals.&nbsp; Round 1: Suri vs. Owens Round Two: Owens vs. Masao Sato&nbsp; Round 3: Suri vs. Sato Masao. Seeing the final draw results,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Xinluo felt a slight sense of relief.&nbsp; Although the match consists of three&nbsp; rounds, one round is played every hour.&nbsp; This is to ensure that everyone&nbsp; has enough time to recover.&nbsp; Both Masao Sato and Owens have played two games in&nbsp; a row, giving Suri more time to adjust his form.&nbsp; Inside the private room, the middle-aged&nbsp; man wearing the rank of general fell into&nbsp;&nbsp; deep thought. One of the two&nbsp;&nbsp; insurance policies has been eliminated. If we can't take advantage of our home field&nbsp;&nbsp; to win this World Super Soldier medal, it will&nbsp; be even more difficult to win it in the future. Chapter 56 The Final Battle An hour later, the first final match began&nbsp;&nbsp; between Suri and former super soldier Owens. Although a rest of more than an&nbsp;&nbsp; hour is not a very long time. But for top-tier soldiers, it's enough&nbsp;&nbsp; to restore their stamina to about 70-80%. Owens is 34 years old this year,&nbsp;&nbsp; and has passed the peak of his physical fitness. Su Rui, on the other hand, was only 27 years old,&nbsp;&nbsp; the prime of his life as a top soldier. The two engaged in a fierce battle on the&nbsp;&nbsp; ring, exchanging blows with brutal&nbsp; force that thrilled the audience.&nbsp; Owens, at 185cm, relies on his powerful&nbsp; punches; while Suri, at 175cm, is more agile.&nbsp; Twenty minutes later, the two were extremely&nbsp; exhausted and their speed slowed down.&nbsp; At the 25-minute mark, Suri seized an&nbsp; opening and knocked Owens off the ring&nbsp;&nbsp; with a powerful straight punch. Surrey won the first round.&nbsp; In the second round, Owens,&nbsp; who had not yet recovered,&nbsp;&nbsp; encountered the dark horse Masao Sato and was&nbsp; kicked off the ring in less than 15 minutes.&nbsp; At this moment, Masao Sato looked very relaxed. Countless professionals then began to take this&nbsp;&nbsp; dark horse from the East seriously. Before the competition, the basic&nbsp;&nbsp; information of the top contenders&nbsp; for the championship was no secret.&nbsp; Basic information such as which country&nbsp; and unit the individual came from,&nbsp;&nbsp; and their age, has become public information. At this point, there was absolutely no news&nbsp;&nbsp; from the outside world about Masao Sato,&nbsp; who had entered the finals as a dark horse.&nbsp; Age? Military service? Special&nbsp; skills? I know nothing.&nbsp; Inside that private room, with General&nbsp; Chen Weiguo was an elderly man dressed&nbsp;&nbsp; in a gray-white cloth robe, with a beard that&nbsp; almost reached his chest, and whose every move&nbsp;&nbsp; exuded a certain otherworldly air. "Mr. Fu, can you tell what kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; talent this Japanese player has?" Fu Qingfeng is ninety-two years old&nbsp;&nbsp; this year, but he exudes the energy&nbsp; and spirit of a man in his sixties.&nbsp; He was this military bigwig's&nbsp; close friend and bodyguard.&nbsp; "If I'm not mistaken, the other party&nbsp; shouldn't be from the Japanese military."&nbsp; After a brief pause, Fu Qingfeng&nbsp; spoke again, "His kung fu style&nbsp;&nbsp; has a distinctly Japanese ninja style." Among the three great ninja lineages of&nbsp;&nbsp; the East, both the Koga and Ito schools&nbsp; were utterly crippled by Chinese martial&nbsp;&nbsp; arts in the war decades ago. It's barely clinging to life now.&nbsp; Meanwhile, the Ninja Clan, a traditional ninja&nbsp; school that had been biding its time, seized&nbsp;&nbsp; the opportunity to grow stronger day by day. If I'm not mistaken, this Sato Masao should&nbsp;&nbsp; be from the Ninja Sect, judging from the&nbsp; strength he showed in several final matches.&nbsp; This Masao Sato is at least&nbsp; at the peak of Jonin level.&nbsp; and…" General Chen Weiguo, hearing&nbsp;&nbsp; Old Fu's hesitation, asked, "And what else?" Fu Qingfeng pondered for a moment, "Although&nbsp;&nbsp; this Sato Masao also stumbled his way into the&nbsp; final, I suspect he hasn't gone all out yet!"&nbsp; "Hiss... then wouldn't that mean..." Chen Weiguo gasped.&nbsp; "That's right, the opponent is very&nbsp; likely at the level of a god-level ninja."&nbsp; Fu Qingfeng immediately replied. It's important to know that ninjas,&nbsp;&nbsp; ranked from lowest to highest strength,&nbsp; are: Genin, Chunin, and Jonin.&nbsp; Jonin represents the pinnacle of martial&nbsp; prowess that ordinary people can access.&nbsp; It is said that there are no more&nbsp; than 100 Jonin in the entire East.&nbsp; As for the legendary ninjas above the Jonin&nbsp; level, they are practically mythical figures,&nbsp;&nbsp; numbering less than two in the entire East. "The Japanese military is being unreasonable.&nbsp;&nbsp; It would be one thing if they allowed&nbsp; disciples from ancient martial arts&nbsp;&nbsp; families to participate in the competition." They even sent someone of that caliber.&nbsp; After saying this, Chen Weiguo's&nbsp; face turned even more somber.&nbsp; "It seems like the medal for the&nbsp; world's top soldier is in jeopardy!"&nbsp; China has many talented individuals and masters&nbsp; of ancient martial arts, but the military&nbsp;&nbsp; leadership disdains using underhanded methods&nbsp; such as stealing chickens and dogs or seeking&nbsp;&nbsp; outside help. Amidst the expectations of many people,&nbsp; each with their own hidden agendas.&nbsp; The final match to determine&nbsp; the winner is about to begin.&nbsp; Owens has already been eliminated, while Suri&nbsp; and Sato Masao have each won one game so far.&nbsp; Whoever wins this battle will be crowned&nbsp; the ultimate world's super soldier king.&nbsp; At this moment, Su Rui was full of fighting&nbsp; spirit, although some parts of her body were&nbsp;&nbsp; still aching. But to him,&nbsp;&nbsp; this kind of pain was just commonplace. After 10 years in the military, I have transformed&nbsp;&nbsp; from a naive young man into a king among soldiers. Throughout his 10 years of military service,&nbsp;&nbsp; he never slacked off for a moment. After two&nbsp; years of service, he passed the selection for the&nbsp;&nbsp; special forces thanks to his strong willpower. Then comes even more arduous and rigorous&nbsp;&nbsp; training, even constantly honing&nbsp; skills in life-or-death situations.&nbsp; Ultimately, it took him 10 years to reach the&nbsp; top and become the King of Soldiers in China.&nbsp; Meanwhile, Masao Sato, standing&nbsp; opposite him, wore a strange smile.&nbsp; World's top soldier king? That's nothing to him. As a martial arts prodigy, a talent rarely&nbsp;&nbsp; seen in the history of the Ninja&nbsp; Sect, he had only one goal in mind.&nbsp; That is to become someone like&nbsp; Yuta Hyuga, revered by all Japanese&nbsp;&nbsp; as a guardian deity of the Orient. Yuuta Hyuga is also a god-level ninja.&nbsp; It just has an extra prefix:&nbsp; Protector of the Nation.&nbsp; That's right, Yuuta Hyuga is a&nbsp; guardian ninja of the nation.&nbsp; No one has ever witnessed his power; perhaps&nbsp; all those who have seen him fight are dead.&nbsp; He was willing to take action this&nbsp; time because the reward offered by&nbsp;&nbsp; the military was simply too tempting. He won the title of World's Super&nbsp;&nbsp; Soldier King, but accidentally killed&nbsp; or maimed China's Super Soldier King.&nbsp; Compensation: $100 million. Such a generous reward was&nbsp;&nbsp; simply too much for Sato Masao, who was&nbsp; obsessed with martial arts, to refuse.&nbsp; After all, no matter how skilled you are&nbsp; in martial arts, you still need money.&nbsp; He stared at Su Rui with a sinister&nbsp; expression, his eyes filled with disdain.&nbsp; Perhaps in his eyes, the other&nbsp; person was already a dead man.&nbsp; The referee gave the signal to begin. The two attacked each other in an&nbsp;&nbsp; instant, like a streak of light. The two then quickly began to wrestle,&nbsp;&nbsp; their rapidly moving figures&nbsp; creating a blurry afterimage.&nbsp; Viewers could hardly even see the&nbsp; specific attack methods used by the two.&nbsp; Two loud bangs followed. The two immediately separated.&nbsp; They each took five steps back before stopping. Both of them had traces of blood at&nbsp;&nbsp; the corners of their mouths. Sato Masao wiped the trace of&nbsp;&nbsp; blood with his thumb, then greedily&nbsp; sucked the blood from his finger.&nbsp; "How can this Masao Sato be so perverted..." Su Xinlu frowned in the stands.&nbsp; "Of course those Japanese devils are&nbsp; perverted, otherwise where would they&nbsp;&nbsp; get all those fancy tricks from..." Lin Hao chimed in from the side.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked at the two people&nbsp; on the stage with a furrowed brow.&nbsp; Although the two had been evenly matched, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang had naturally noticed something amiss.&nbsp; (Don't ask me how the male lead knows this;&nbsp; I also don't know which ancient martial&nbsp;&nbsp; arts master has possessed Xiao Qiang.) After sucking the blood off his finger,&nbsp;&nbsp; Masao Sato said, "That's interesting... Let's try&nbsp; again and see if you can withstand this move."&nbsp; After saying that, Masao Sato's&nbsp; aura suddenly intensified.&nbsp; Su Rui, sensing the change in the&nbsp; other party's aura, also frowned.&nbsp; But he was fearless and charged&nbsp; at Sato Masao once again.&nbsp; Sato Masao's movements became several times&nbsp; faster than before, like a phantom, changing&nbsp;&nbsp; his form several times within a few meters. Even Su Rui couldn't predict the opponent's&nbsp;&nbsp; next attack method. The moment the two met,&nbsp;&nbsp; Sato Masao feinted and then thrust his&nbsp; right fist straight toward Su Xiong's heart.&nbsp; If he were to get hit by a solid punch,&nbsp; his heart would probably explode. Chapter 57 Sudden Change The audience in the stands gasped in amazement!&nbsp; Both Su Xinluo and Chen Weiguo in the&nbsp; private room were extremely solemn.&nbsp; They were all from military backgrounds, so&nbsp; they naturally knew that it was incredibly&nbsp;&nbsp; difficult to escape unscathed from&nbsp; such a close-range punching attack.&nbsp; Su Rui was also surprised, not expecting that&nbsp; the opponent could change the attack route in&nbsp;&nbsp; such a rapid exchange of blows. It's unlikely that you can&nbsp;&nbsp; completely avoid this powerful blow. However, driven by instinct honed through&nbsp;&nbsp; countless battles, Su Rui quickly made her choice. He lowered his body slightly, choosing to take&nbsp;&nbsp; the attack with his chest. Sato Masao thought that by&nbsp;&nbsp; using his "Shadow Prison - Assassination"&nbsp; technique, his opponent would be severely&nbsp;&nbsp; injured or even killed in one blow. Unexpectedly, the other party was&nbsp;&nbsp; able to dodge in the blink of an eye. "So what? If I can't kill you with one blow,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll cripple you completely..." Su Rui even saw a sly smile&nbsp;&nbsp; on the other person's face. A split second later, Sato Masao's&nbsp;&nbsp; fist landed squarely on Su Rui's shoulder. Suri had already heard a crisp sound of&nbsp;&nbsp; bone cracking. Immediately,&nbsp;&nbsp; he was sent flying backward by the violent impact. It eventually landed on the edge of the ring.&nbsp; The audience in the stands gasped again. Their&nbsp; god of war had actually been defeated by a nobody?&nbsp; They couldn't believe it was real. Su Xinluo closed her eyes tightly.&nbsp; Inside the private room, Chen Weiguo, though&nbsp; mentally prepared for the outcome after hearing&nbsp;&nbsp; bodyguard Fu Qingfeng's explanation, was still&nbsp; taken aback when the scene actually unfolded.&nbsp; He was still deeply troubled. On home turf, they were unable to retain the&nbsp;&nbsp; honor of this super soldier king in China. He was unwilling to accept it!&nbsp; "They're going to kill us!" Fu Qingfeng suddenly said.&nbsp; "What?" Chen Weiguo was shocked&nbsp;&nbsp; and quickly looked towards the arena. Suri was lying painfully on the edge&nbsp;&nbsp; of the ring, his shoulder bone fractured. Although his heart was not directly hit,&nbsp;&nbsp; his heart and lungs were still&nbsp; injured by the force of the attack.&nbsp; A mouthful of blood gushed out. Seeing that his attack had hit its mark, Sato&nbsp;&nbsp; Masao did not linger. He gathered his strength&nbsp; again, preparing to kill his opponent completely.&nbsp; Su Rui naturally realized&nbsp; the other party's intentions.&nbsp; He could have chosen to roll off the edge&nbsp; of the ring, but the pride inherent in&nbsp;&nbsp; a soldier would not allow him to do something&nbsp; so disgraceful to the nation and its prestige.&nbsp; He struggled to his feet,&nbsp; wanting to make a final stand!&nbsp; Even though he knew the outcome&nbsp; was already predetermined.&nbsp; Meanwhile, Su Xinluo in the stands&nbsp; was already crying her eyes out.&nbsp; As a soldier, a top-tier soldier,&nbsp; she understood Su Rui's choice.&nbsp; All the Chinese people in the stands fell&nbsp; silent. Their national sentiment made it&nbsp;&nbsp; hard for them to accept that the Chinese King&nbsp; of Soldiers had been defeated by Sato Masao.&nbsp; What's even more unacceptable is that&nbsp; these arrogant little guys dared to act&nbsp;&nbsp; so recklessly on China's home turf! But they were just spectators,&nbsp;&nbsp; unable to change anything, only able&nbsp; to remain silent at this moment!&nbsp; Many people have already closed their eyes;&nbsp; they simply cannot accept this ending.&nbsp; Meanwhile, Masao Sato had already gathered his&nbsp; strength again and leaped high into the air&nbsp;&nbsp; halfway through, raising one leg high. He intended to use his signature move,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Heavy Leg Mountain Breaker," to completely&nbsp; crush this Chinese military king and&nbsp;&nbsp; trample the dignity of China under his feet. While suspended in mid-air, Masao Sato seemed&nbsp;&nbsp; to already see the 100 million US dollars and&nbsp; the national adoration he would receive upon&nbsp;&nbsp; returning to Japan. But at that moment, a strange&nbsp; change occurred on the arena.&nbsp; Five cups, like cannonballs, carrying a&nbsp; chilling force, blocked Sato Masao's advance.&nbsp; Seeing the intimidating power emanating from&nbsp; the cup, Sato Masao dared not take it head-on.&nbsp; Choose to avoid their sharp edge. Just then, a figure moved with lightning speed,&nbsp;&nbsp; stepping on the edge of the seats in the&nbsp; stands and rushing towards the arena.&nbsp; Then, with a beautiful somersault,&nbsp; she landed steadily next to Su Rui.&nbsp; Then he slapped Su Rui more than a dozen times. Su Rui, who had just felt nauseous and weak,&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly found that her&nbsp; breathing was much smoother.&nbsp; He looked at the man beside him,&nbsp; his eyes filled with gratitude.&nbsp; "Young man, thank you! Help&nbsp; me up, I can still fight!"&nbsp; He then stood up. Xiao Qiang was deeply moved&nbsp;&nbsp; by the military spirit of those who were willing&nbsp; to sacrifice themselves to defend their dignity.&nbsp; "Leave the rest to me!" He patted Su Rui's other shoulder to reassure her.&nbsp; At this point, there was already&nbsp; a lot of discussion in the stands.&nbsp; Lin Hao exclaimed loudly.&nbsp; They couldn't bear to see the tragic&nbsp; ending and instinctively closed their eyes.&nbsp; But when he curiously opened his&nbsp; eyes again, he saw that Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; had already stepped onto the stage. Dazi and Xiaoji immediately opened&nbsp;&nbsp; their eyes after Lin Hao said that. "Holy crap... what the hell? When did&nbsp;&nbsp; he go up there? What did I just miss...?" Hearing the three people's discussion,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Xinluo also opened her eyes curiously. Equally shocked, Xiao Qiang, who was sitting&nbsp;&nbsp; next to her just a few seconds ago,&nbsp; suddenly found himself on the stage.&nbsp; What is he trying to do? Chen Weiguo and Fu Qingfeng&nbsp;&nbsp; stood facing each other, recalling the&nbsp; strange scene that had just occurred.&nbsp; "Elder Fu, when did Chinese martial&nbsp; arts produce such a young talent?"&nbsp; Fu Qingfeng pondered for a&nbsp; moment, then shook his head.&nbsp; "Could you possibly discern the&nbsp; opponent's martial arts level?"&nbsp; Fu Qingfeng stared at Xiao Qiang standing on the&nbsp; arena, "Judging from the move he just showed,&nbsp;&nbsp; his strength is no less than mine." But I couldn't sense any martial arts&nbsp;&nbsp; aura from him at all. That's strange.&nbsp; "hiss!" He was well&nbsp;&nbsp; aware of Master Fu's martial arts prowess. In&nbsp; the war to defend the country decades ago, he&nbsp;&nbsp; single-handedly fought against a national guardian&nbsp; ninja and five top-level Jonin from the East.&nbsp; Ultimately, this led to the downfall of six&nbsp; Japanese martial arts prodigies in China.&nbsp; Yet this martial arts master claimed that the&nbsp; other party's strength was no less than his own.&nbsp; Chen Weiguo fell into deep thought, his&nbsp; mind seemingly preoccupied with something.&nbsp; On the arena. Sato Masao protested to the referee,&nbsp;&nbsp; "This kid is obstructing the game for no reason.&nbsp; Don't you Chinese people ever follow the rules?"&nbsp; The other person was speaking&nbsp; Chinese, though not fluently.&nbsp; Although the referee is Chinese, he&nbsp; cannot deliberately show favoritism.&nbsp; "Young man, what are you trying to do?" "Hello referee, I'm not trying to interfere with&nbsp;&nbsp; the match. Su Rui has already lost. As an amateur&nbsp; contestant, I'm challenging this Japanese... uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; contestant. This should be in accordance&nbsp; with the rules of the competition, right?"&nbsp; The referee was clearly&nbsp; taken aback. "I...I agree."&nbsp; He then picked up the microphone and&nbsp; announced to everyone present that Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang had challenged Sato Masao. The audience erupted in noise&nbsp;&nbsp; and discussion once again. "What? Xiaoqiang wants to challenge&nbsp;&nbsp; this formidable Japanese man?" "Damn, did Xiaoqiang not&nbsp;&nbsp; wake up properly last night...?" Su Xinluo was also completely bewildered.&nbsp; This is a fighting arena, not a place for playing&nbsp; house. If things go wrong, someone could die.&nbsp; The challenge will begin in one hour.&nbsp; Inside the medical room. Chen Weiguo, Fu Qingfeng, and a group&nbsp;&nbsp; of medical staff were present, as well as Xiao&nbsp; Qiang, who had been summoned by the leader alone.&nbsp; Su Xinluo and the others wanted to go in,&nbsp; but there was a group of heavily armed guards&nbsp;&nbsp; standing watch outside the door. They could only wait outside. Chapter 58 Undermining the State "Sir, I'm sorry, I couldn't win that honor."&nbsp; Inside the infirmary, Su Rui spoke to Chen&nbsp; Weiguo with a face full of shame and indignation.&nbsp; “Su Rui, this is not your fault.” You may not know this, but your&nbsp;&nbsp; opponent, Masao Sato, comes from an&nbsp; unparalleled ninja family in the East.&nbsp; For reasons unknown, they chose to get&nbsp; involved in worldly affairs this time.&nbsp; To put it bluntly, it was&nbsp; the Japanese who cheated.&nbsp; Chen Weiguo said with a resentful look. Hearing this, Su Rui felt a little better.&nbsp; "How is Comrade Su's health, Doctor?" Chen Weiguo then asked the medical&nbsp;&nbsp; staff who were examining Su Rui. The male doctor in his forties who was at&nbsp;&nbsp; the head of the group stood up upon hearing this. Looking at Su Rui and then at Chen Weiguo, he&nbsp;&nbsp; finally spoke, "The situation is not good.&nbsp; There is a comminuted fracture of the left&nbsp;&nbsp; scapula. Even if he recovers, he will not be&nbsp; able to engage in high-intensity training."&nbsp; "What…???" Suri shouted loudly.&nbsp; He certainly knew what the&nbsp; doctor's words meant to him.&nbsp; If he can't engage in high-intensity&nbsp; training, how can he lead the team&nbsp;&nbsp; into battle and defend the country? After saying this, Su Rui, who was not&nbsp;&nbsp; one to easily shed tears, suddenly became&nbsp; dazed, and a tear rolled down his cheek.&nbsp; Looking at this once-unyielding Chinese soldier&nbsp; in such a dejected state, Xiao Qiang felt&nbsp;&nbsp; a pang of heartache, but at the same time, his&nbsp; ruthlessness towards that little guy intensified.&nbsp; Chen Weiguo was also deeply saddened. As a&nbsp; soldier, he naturally understood Su Rui's&nbsp;&nbsp; feelings at that moment. He couldn't help but sigh.&nbsp; "Xiao Su, soldiers don't necessarily have to&nbsp; be on the front lines to serve their country.&nbsp;&nbsp; Don't worry, as long as you're willing, there&nbsp; will always be a place for you in the army."&nbsp; Chen Weiguo, a high-ranking military official, had&nbsp; already planned out an escape route for Su Rui.&nbsp; At this moment, Su Rui thanked Chen&nbsp; Weiguo and then remained silent.&nbsp; Would the proud and arrogant King of&nbsp; Chinese Soldiers be willing to live a&nbsp;&nbsp; life of ignominy in the army? The medical staff then left.&nbsp; As Chen Weiguo and Fu Qingfeng left the&nbsp; infirmary and brushed past Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; they said casually, "Young man, I'll&nbsp; be watching your upcoming matches."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang gave Chen Weiguo a solemn salute. Although he wasn't a soldier, that didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; stop him from returning the courtesy due&nbsp; to this high-ranking military officer.&nbsp; Inside the infirmary, only&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Su Rui remained.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stepped forward and sat&nbsp; down next to Su Rui. "Comrade Su Rui,&nbsp;&nbsp; do you want to continue protecting our&nbsp; country and ensuring China's continued rise?"&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Su Rui was taken&nbsp; aback but instinctively nodded.&nbsp; He dreamed of fighting against enemy countries and&nbsp; hostile forces, doing his utmost to protect China.&nbsp; “There are many ways to defend our country,&nbsp; and soldiers are just one part of it.”&nbsp; You know that the suppression of China&nbsp; by enemy forces is not limited to border&nbsp;&nbsp; provocations and espionage. More importantly, it is a&nbsp;&nbsp; comprehensive competition in the&nbsp; fields of economy and technology.&nbsp; NATO, led by the United States, is&nbsp; constantly trying to suppress China's rise.&nbsp; Whenever a high-tech company with&nbsp; significant influence emerges in China,&nbsp;&nbsp; the United States uses its long-arm&nbsp; jurisdiction to sanction its development.&nbsp; Isn't this a war without gunpowder, yet one&nbsp; that neither the country nor its people can&nbsp;&nbsp; afford to lose? ..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's words were a wake-up call&nbsp; for Su Rui. In the past, he thought that&nbsp;&nbsp; as long as the military guaranteed the&nbsp; country's security, that was enough.&nbsp; Unexpectedly, China is experiencing&nbsp; silent struggles in so many fields.&nbsp; Su Rui didn't understand why Xiao&nbsp; Qiang was telling him all this,&nbsp;&nbsp; and stared at him with a puzzled look. Xiao Qiang naturally saw this confusion.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Comrade Major, I have a wish, which is to build&nbsp; the world's greatest capital group. This group is&nbsp;&nbsp; not for making money to support my enjoyment." Instead, it is dedicated to improving the&nbsp;&nbsp; quality of life for all Chinese people. At the same time, I want to master the&nbsp;&nbsp; world's most advanced technologies&nbsp; and gain an overwhelming advantage&nbsp;&nbsp; over Western countries in aviation, aerospace,&nbsp; medicine, chips, and other high-tech fields.&nbsp; I will single-handedly pull the US down&nbsp; from its position as the world's policeman,&nbsp;&nbsp; and at the same time, propel the Chinese&nbsp; nation to the pinnacle of the world.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang became more and more&nbsp; excited and invigorated as he spoke.&nbsp; The unwavering confidence in&nbsp; his words deeply moved Su Rui.&nbsp; His previously listless expression&nbsp; suddenly became somewhat excited.&nbsp; "Comrade Su Rui, I would like to invite&nbsp; you to join my team and work with me&nbsp;&nbsp; to achieve this great and noble goal." Xiao Qiang then revealed his true colors.&nbsp; That's right, he's trying to poach&nbsp; someone from another company.&nbsp; They dug... into the very corner of the country. Su Rui, after all, was a top soldier in the&nbsp;&nbsp; country. After the initial excitement, his&nbsp; rational mind returned to thinking, "Even&nbsp;&nbsp; the will of the nation cannot achieve these goals,&nbsp; yet you, a mere kid, dare to dream such things..."&nbsp; Perhaps sensing Su Rui's thoughts, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; spoke again, "This goal may not be achieved&nbsp;&nbsp; overnight, but I am confident that we can&nbsp; achieve this ambitious goal in 5 to 10 years."&nbsp; Moreover, if you come with me, I can&nbsp; make you believe in my ability to&nbsp;&nbsp; achieve this goal within a month. Want to give it a try? One month!&nbsp; Su Rui fell silent again. He was thrilled&nbsp; at the thought of having the opportunity&nbsp;&nbsp; to participate in such a grand undertaking. Moreover, he said it would only be for one month…&nbsp; Su Rui was tempted! "Let me think about&nbsp;&nbsp; it and I'll give you an answer later." Xiao Qiang wasn't in a hurry. He needed&nbsp;&nbsp; to convince a top soldier to leave the army and&nbsp; follow a young upstart. If the soldier agreed&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately, Xiao Qiang would have to consider&nbsp; whether the top soldier was out of his mind.&nbsp; "Okay, I'll wait for your answer." An hour passed in the blink of an eye. Just now, Su Xinluo and the others repeatedly&nbsp;&nbsp; advised Xiao Qiang not to act impulsively. Xiao Qiang simply smiled faintly and said nothing.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Sato Masao stood facing each other.&nbsp; "Are both sides ready?" Masao Sato indicated that everything was ready.&nbsp; "Wait a minute," Xiao Qiang said slowly. "What?! They're making me wait?"&nbsp; Although the competition rules didn't say that&nbsp; waiting was not allowed, this was the first time&nbsp;&nbsp; I'd ever encountered something like this. Sato Masao looked puzzled.&nbsp; Normally, this is just a formality,&nbsp; and then the two sides start fighting.&nbsp; You're something else, not&nbsp; following the usual rules!&nbsp; The crowd in the stands stared at the&nbsp; two motionless figures on the stage.&nbsp; Everyone started talking about it. "Xiaoqiang, are you not scared anymore?"&nbsp; Lin Hao muttered to himself. "That's possible, otherwise&nbsp;&nbsp; why haven't they started yet..." Chen Weiguo, inside the private room,&nbsp;&nbsp; also looked suspicious and said to the guard&nbsp; next to him, "Go and find out what happened..."&nbsp; He was completely dumbfounded when he&nbsp; learned what had happened a moment later.&nbsp; Meanwhile, Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; who was the focus of everyone's attention, was&nbsp; pondering which body he should choose to possess.&nbsp; The moment he stepped onto the stage, he used&nbsp; the throwing technique of Xiao Li Guang Hua Rong&nbsp;&nbsp; and the light-footed skill of Yan Zi Li San. He's now figuring out whose force he should&nbsp;&nbsp; rely on to bring this arrogant little guy down. Moreover, it can intimidate the entire audience.&nbsp; Another minute passed. "You little brat, if you're scared, then get&nbsp;&nbsp; out of here! You Chinese are all cowards, the new&nbsp; generation of sick men of East Asia... Hahaha!"&nbsp; After saying that, he burst&nbsp; into arrogant laughter. Chapter 59 Human Sandbag Masao Sato Below the stands, all the spectators were still&nbsp;&nbsp; talking amongst themselves, unable to hear what&nbsp; the two fighters on the stage were saying at all.&nbsp; But Xiao Qiang on the stage could hear it&nbsp; clearly. His eyes were slightly narrowed,&nbsp;&nbsp; revealing a heart full of rage. For so many years, these people have&nbsp;&nbsp; been using outdated perspectives&nbsp; from decades ago to view China.&nbsp; Since that's the case, I'll give you a surprise. Tread your pride completely under your feet.&nbsp; After a moment's thought, Xiao Qiang waved&nbsp; to the referee, indicating that he was ready.&nbsp; The referee had naturally heard the&nbsp; arrogant remarks of the young man,&nbsp;&nbsp; and now he wished he could devour him alive. Seeing Xiao Qiang's signal, he called the&nbsp;&nbsp; two to the center of the stands&nbsp; and first explained the rules and&nbsp;&nbsp; regulations for the competition to Xiao Qiang. Then he turned to Xiao Qiang and said, "Brother,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's go all out and crush that idiot little&nbsp; guy later, and win glory for the country."&nbsp; This statement did not shy away&nbsp; from addressing Masao Sato.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded to the other party. Although Sato Masao didn't quite&nbsp;&nbsp; understand some of the words, he knew&nbsp; that the referee was insulting him.&nbsp; "I protest! You're insulting me..." "Protest invalid, you idiot."&nbsp; "Well……" "What kind of new term is this...?"&nbsp; The referee ignored Xiao Rizi's protests and&nbsp; immediately announced the start of the match.&nbsp; At that moment, Masao Sato had only&nbsp; one thought in his mind: to cripple&nbsp;&nbsp; or kill this Chinese boy and destroy his national&nbsp; self-confidence to the greatest extent possible&nbsp;&nbsp; in front of the Chinese audience. So he immediately used the Ninja&nbsp;&nbsp; Sect's secret technique—Phantom Steps. Soon, Sato Masao's figure transformed into&nbsp;&nbsp; a series of afterimages on the arena, circling&nbsp; around Xiao Qiang in the center of the arena.&nbsp; The audience in the stands were utterly amazed,&nbsp; never imagining that human speed could be so fast.&nbsp; Su Rui and Su Xinlu were extremely shocked.&nbsp; Could this be Sato Masao's true strength?&nbsp; It turns out he had been hiding it all along. Looking at the seemingly illusory figure,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang sneered, "These Japanese&nbsp; idiots love these fancy tricks!"&nbsp; After saying that, he actually closed his eyes. Although the audience in the stands could not see&nbsp;&nbsp; Sato Masao's true form, they could&nbsp; clearly see Xiao Qiang's actions.&nbsp; "Look, he's actually closed his eyes?!" Just then, Masao Sato kicked Xiao Qiang in&nbsp; the center of the stands with a "whoosh".&nbsp; That leg seemed to contain&nbsp; earth-shattering energy,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it even produced bursts of sonic booms. Xiao Qiang still did not react and&nbsp;&nbsp; just stood there quietly. Su Rui and Su Xinlu's hearts&nbsp;&nbsp; were pounding in their throats. Su Rui kept repeating, "Brother,&nbsp;&nbsp; I've decided to stick with you, so&nbsp; you can't embarrass yourself..."&nbsp; Just as Sato Masao's powerful kick was only&nbsp; a meter away from Xiao Qiang, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly opened his eyes, then moved his body and&nbsp; swung his right fist sharply to his left rear.&nbsp; Sato Masao in the air was taken aback at&nbsp; first, as he could actually predict the&nbsp;&nbsp; location of his true body, but so what? You think you can block my "Heavy Leg&nbsp;&nbsp; Mountain-Shattering" with your fists?&nbsp; You're overestimating yourself.&nbsp; Meanwhile, the eliminated elite soldiers from&nbsp; various countries in the stands sneered, saying,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Who would break a leg with a fist?" The power of punches and kicks is&nbsp;&nbsp; not even in the same league. However, what happened next was&nbsp;&nbsp; something that surprised everyone. With a loud "bang," Sato Masao,&nbsp;&nbsp; who had been flying through the air, stopped&nbsp; abruptly and was sent flying backward,&nbsp;&nbsp; crashing onto the edge of the ring with a thud. The audience in the stands gaped in disbelief.&nbsp; Even Fu Yunshan, who was in the private&nbsp; room, showed a solemn expression.&nbsp; "Old Fu, what do you think of that kid's move?" Chen Weiguo asked with a look of admiration.&nbsp; "At my peak, perhaps I could have done it..." Upon hearing what Elder Fu said,&nbsp;&nbsp; Chen Weiguo actually showed a puzzled smile. At this moment, Masao Sato was horrified.&nbsp; He was well aware of the strength of his kick. He could easily kill a bear with a kick,&nbsp;&nbsp; but this kick was blocked by the opponent's&nbsp; fist and sent him flying backwards so far.&nbsp; Moreover, my entire right leg&nbsp; is trembling uncontrollably,&nbsp;&nbsp; and my shinbone is in excruciating pain. It's either a fracture or a crack!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was also shocked; the formidable&nbsp; strength of the Chu Overlord was truly impressive.&nbsp; It seems that Xiang Yu's strength to lift a&nbsp; tripod cauldron is definitely not a fabrication.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stared directly at the hoarse,&nbsp; grimacing Sato Masao, "Little brat,&nbsp;&nbsp; is this all the lousy skill you have? Are&nbsp; all Japanese men this trash? I think from&nbsp;&nbsp; now on you Japanese should be called&nbsp; the 'Sick Men of the Orient'! Haha..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang is polite and humble,&nbsp; and he generally doesn't swear.&nbsp; But it is impolite not to reciprocate. "You idiot... How dare you insult Japanese&nbsp;&nbsp; samurai! You're asking for death..." Masao Sato is loud and boisterous.&nbsp; "Sato, if you're a man, stop&nbsp; talking nonsense and get up...&nbsp;&nbsp; Are you lying there pretending to be dead?!" The referee standing nearby was secretly thrilled,&nbsp;&nbsp; giving Xiao Qiang a thumbs-up and thinking,&nbsp; "That was fucking satisfying, so cathartic..."&nbsp; Walking up to Masao Sato, he said, "If you're&nbsp; playing dead, I'll start counting down: 1, 2..."&nbsp; Masao Sato: "You idiot, you Chinese,&nbsp; you have a really bad conscience..."&nbsp; He originally wanted to take the opportunity&nbsp; to recover from the numbness in his legs.&nbsp; But these two Chinese people, singing&nbsp; in unison, exclaimed, "Holy crap..."&nbsp; After muttering a phrase about the essence of&nbsp; Chinese culture, he stood up despite the pain.&nbsp; After gathering his strength, Sato Masao&nbsp; once again rushed towards Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; The two instantly engaged in a fierce battle, with&nbsp; sonic booms and banging sounds filling the air.&nbsp; "Huh, Taizu Long Fist?" Fu Qingfeng asked in confusion.&nbsp; "You're saying that kid is&nbsp; using the Taizu Long Fist?"&nbsp; Chen Weiguo asked in confusion. Fu Qingfeng nodded. "That's right,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the Taizu Long Fist he used is completely&nbsp; different from what I know. It's really strange."&nbsp; Taizu Changquan (Emperor Taizu's Long Fist) was&nbsp; created by Emperor Taizu of Song, Zhao Kuangyin.&nbsp; Later generations only know that Zhao Kuangyin&nbsp; became the founding emperor of the Song Dynasty&nbsp;&nbsp; after he was forced to wear the yellow robe. Little did they know, he was originally a soldier.&nbsp; He was also the foremost martial&nbsp; arts master in the Song Dynasty.&nbsp; However, after hundreds of years of&nbsp; inheritance, only one-tenth of the Taizu&nbsp;&nbsp; Changquan style he created survived. At this moment, Xiao Qiang was using&nbsp;&nbsp; the authentic Taizu Changquan, which&nbsp; had been honed through actual combat.&nbsp; Sato Masao grew increasingly alarmed&nbsp; as the fight progressed. He had already&nbsp;&nbsp; exhausted all his trump cards, yet his&nbsp; opponent remained completely unfazed.&nbsp; Moreover, the opponent's boxing style was&nbsp; sometimes as powerful as a thousand troops, and&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes light and delicate yet extremely tricky. The most crucial and frustrating thing for him was&nbsp;&nbsp; that his opponent's punches seemed inexhaustible. Holy crap, how many sets of boxing techniques has&nbsp;&nbsp; he practiced? Did he start&nbsp; practicing from the womb?&nbsp; Nonsense. Chinese martial arts have&nbsp; existed for thousands of years,&nbsp;&nbsp; with tens of thousands of martial arts masters. Xiao Qiang was having a blast, completely&nbsp;&nbsp; using Sato as a human punching bag. From the very beginning, Xiang Yu,&nbsp;&nbsp; Emperor Taizu of Song, Zhao Yun of the Three&nbsp; Kingdoms, and the 18 heroes of the Sui and&nbsp;&nbsp; Tang Dynasties were all named one by one. Inside the private room, Fu Qingfeng was&nbsp;&nbsp; completely dumbfounded. He had counted&nbsp; no less than 50 martial arts routines,&nbsp;&nbsp; some he could name and some he couldn't. In the end, we simply stopped counting!&nbsp; Damn, there are too many to count,&nbsp; absolutely too many to count.&nbsp; "General Chen, this kid is a walking&nbsp; encyclopedia of ancient martial arts."&nbsp; We must find a way to keep this kid in&nbsp; the military. Even if we can't keep him,&nbsp;&nbsp; he can serve as an instructor for the&nbsp; special forces for a month or two.&nbsp; In the future, the combat capabilities&nbsp; of the entire military's special&nbsp;&nbsp; forces will increase by at least half. Fu Qingfeng made the suggestion seriously. Chapter 60 is being targeted again. "real?"&nbsp; Chen Weiguo looked incredulous. "Of course, once the quality of the&nbsp;&nbsp; elite special forces soldiers has been greatly&nbsp; improved, it will be passed on to the next level&nbsp;&nbsp; of field army, and the strength of Chinese&nbsp; soldiers will inevitably reach a new level."&nbsp; Fu Qingfeng had a confident look on his face. At this moment, Chen Weiguo seemed to be thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; of something, and looked at Xiao Qiang&nbsp; on the stage with a greedy expression.&nbsp; At that moment, Xiao Qiang suddenly&nbsp; felt a chill down his back.&nbsp; With Xiao Qiang deliberately holding back,&nbsp; the two fought for nearly 20 minutes.&nbsp; At this moment, Masao Sato appeared&nbsp; to be contemplating suicide,&nbsp;&nbsp; repeatedly trying to roll off the ring. But Xiao Qiang pulled them back each time.&nbsp; "What the hell are you in such a hurry for? We&nbsp; haven't even finished testing the 36 Heavenly&nbsp;&nbsp; Spirits of Liangshan yet..." After the 36 Heavenly Spirits,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are 72 Earthly Fiends… Ten minutes later, Masao Sato&nbsp;&nbsp; had been beaten so badly that even his&nbsp; own parents wouldn't recognize him.&nbsp; Su Xinluo's eyes were sparkling&nbsp; as she looked at Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Just as Xiao Qiang finished summoning Yang&nbsp; Zhi, the seventeenth-ranked Blue-Faced Beast,&nbsp;&nbsp; Sato Koji was already daydreaming on the arena. "This is boring!"&nbsp; "But you ruined my Chinese King&nbsp; of Soldiers, and letting you leave&nbsp;&nbsp; so easily is far too lenient on you." Then, Xiao Qiang's momentum returned.&nbsp; The god of death, Bai Qi, possessed him&nbsp; and grabbed at Sato Masao's wrists and&nbsp;&nbsp; ankles. After several heart-wrenching&nbsp; screams, Sato fainted on the field.&nbsp; If nothing unexpected happens,&nbsp; Sato's limbs have already suffered&nbsp;&nbsp; the tragic fate of comminuted fractures. For him, passing out was a kind of relief.&nbsp; As the referee declared Xiao Qiang the winner and&nbsp; awarded him the World Super Soldier King medal,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Chinese audience erupted in&nbsp; thunderous applause and cheers.&nbsp; The Japanese military delegation carried&nbsp; Masao Sato off the ring, gave him some&nbsp;&nbsp; basic medical treatment, and then slunk away. Xiao Qiang, who had just stepped off the stage,&nbsp;&nbsp; was surrounded by the trio, Su Xinluo, and Su Rui. "Xiaoqiang, you're a genius! You know massage,&nbsp;&nbsp; and your fighting skills are just too high." "Exactly, they're really good at hiding their&nbsp;&nbsp; abilities..." "Congratulations. It seems we need&nbsp; to get to know each other again..."&nbsp; Major Su Xinluo, a soldier from China. As she spoke, she extended her slender&nbsp;&nbsp; hand to Xiao Qiang. Xiao Qiang immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; reached out and grasped the hand of this&nbsp; stunningly beautiful female military officer.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, a freshman at Yenching University,&nbsp; uh... knows a little bit of everything."&nbsp; As he spoke, he gently scratched Su&nbsp; Xinluo's palm twice with his index finger.&nbsp; Sensing something amiss, Su&nbsp; Xinluo's face instantly flushed red.&nbsp; "Oh, Sister Luo even blushed&nbsp; when we shook hands..."&nbsp; "Did the sun rise in the west?" Dazi and Xiaoji muttered as&nbsp;&nbsp; if they had seen a ghost. Su Xinluo instantly glared at&nbsp;&nbsp; the two of them with murderous intent. The two of them immediately shut&nbsp;&nbsp; up when they saw that fierce gaze. Su Xinluo awkwardly withdrew her hand immediately.&nbsp; Su Rui, who had been dejected, was now looking&nbsp; at the young man with admiration and respect.&nbsp; Soldiers value martial&nbsp; prowess and admire the strong.&nbsp; As everyone exchanged pleasantries, a young&nbsp; man in military uniform approached them.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, may I speak to you in private?" Xiao Qiang nodded, and then followed&nbsp;&nbsp; them into the private room. Looking at Xiao Qiang as he entered.&nbsp; Chen Weiguo said with a smile, "Young&nbsp; man, congratulations on leaving this&nbsp;&nbsp; precious Super Soldier King Medal in China!" Xiao Qiang scratched his head. "Commander,&nbsp;&nbsp; defending the glory of China is the&nbsp; duty of every Chinese son and daughter."&nbsp; "Good, good, what a duty you should do." Chen Weiguo patted Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; on the shoulder happily. "Young man, please sit down."&nbsp; "Thank you, Chief." Xiao Qiang was not at all reserved;&nbsp;&nbsp; on the contrary, he was very poised and confident. "Young man, what's your name?&nbsp;&nbsp; Are you at school or...?" "Commander, my name is Xiao Qiang. You can call me&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang. I am a freshman at Yanda University." "Xiao Qiang? Still a student at Peking University?&nbsp;&nbsp; Impressive! He's good at both academics&nbsp; and martial arts! Very impressive!"&nbsp; As soon as Xiao Qiang entered, he was praised by&nbsp; the leader, which made him a little embarrassed.&nbsp; He chuckled in response. At this point, Chen Weiguo&nbsp;&nbsp; tentatively asked, "Xiaoqiang, have you&nbsp; ever thought about joining the army?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was taken aback upon&nbsp; hearing his superior's words.&nbsp; He hadn't really thought about that. How should I answer the leader's question?&nbsp; Should we refuse outright? Wouldn't&nbsp; that be too embarrassing for the leader,&nbsp;&nbsp; considering he's a high-ranking military official? Agree? That's impossible. I, Xiaoqiang, will not&nbsp;&nbsp; only drag the US down from its pedestal,&nbsp; but also help China reach the pinnacle.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's dual-core brain&nbsp; started working rapidly.&nbsp; "Sir, do you want me to help&nbsp; train the troops, or...?"&nbsp; Chen Weiguo was shocked. This kid is&nbsp; shrewd enough to have figured it out.&nbsp; However, he didn't intend to&nbsp; hide it and nodded slightly.&nbsp; "Commander, that's easy. I can serve the&nbsp; country even if I don't join the army."&nbsp; Chen Weiguo was slightly disappointed.&nbsp; "You don't like military life?"&nbsp; "Not as a leader, on the contrary, I&nbsp; really yearn for life in the military."&nbsp; As the saying goes, you'll regret&nbsp; joining the army for two years,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you'll regret not joining for a lifetime. Joining the army would certainly allow me to serve&nbsp;&nbsp; my country, but I have a much greater goal. Xiao Qiang said seriously.&nbsp; "Oh? A more ambitious goal? Would&nbsp; you mind telling me about it?"&nbsp; Chen Weiguo asked with great interest. "The rise of China requires not only the rise&nbsp;&nbsp; of its military power, but also a comprehensive&nbsp; rise in the field of high technology."&nbsp; Although China's economy has developed&nbsp; rapidly in recent years, it is&nbsp;&nbsp; concentrated in labor-intensive industries. Those are all outdated production capacities&nbsp;&nbsp; eliminated by developed countries. Our country is still very weak&nbsp;&nbsp; in the field of truly high technology. And it is often held hostage by Western countries.&nbsp; Therefore, my goal is to dedicate my life to&nbsp; promoting the prosperity and development of&nbsp;&nbsp; China's high-tech industries and contributing&nbsp; my strength to the true rise of China.&nbsp; excited as he spoke, while Chen&nbsp;&nbsp; Weiguo was increasingly shocked as he listened. It may sound incredible, but it's amazing that&nbsp;&nbsp; someone so young has such lofty ambitions. That's impressive.&nbsp; Chen Weiguo and Fu Qingfeng's eyes met&nbsp; unintentionally, and they both saw shock and&nbsp;&nbsp; admiration in each other's gazes. "Slap, slap, slap"&nbsp; Chen Weiguo couldn't help but applaud. "Okay, as you wish. Xiaoqiang, when is it&nbsp;&nbsp; convenient for you to join the army camp?" "You'd have to ask our principal!"&nbsp; "Oh? And who is your principal?" "Shi Zhanbin".&nbsp; Chen Weiguo took out the specially&nbsp; made mobile phone, dialed a number,&nbsp;&nbsp; and after the call was connected, "connected&nbsp; my call to the president's office of Yenching&nbsp;&nbsp; University through the military office phone." Shi Zhanbin has been in a good mood lately,&nbsp;&nbsp; as he received commendation from his superiors for&nbsp; the successful resolution of the Okchin incident.&nbsp; If nothing unexpected happens, I might&nbsp; become a high-ranking local official&nbsp;&nbsp; and take charge of a region in the future. Just as he was enjoying the bright future,&nbsp;&nbsp; the phone on his desk rang cheerfully. "Seriously, my sweet dream has been disturbed."&nbsp; But when he looked at the landline display and&nbsp; saw that the call was from the Chinese military&nbsp;&nbsp; headquarters, Shi Zhanbin instantly sobered up. "Why is the military calling me? I don't have&nbsp;&nbsp; any dealings with the military." Despite his suspicions, Shi Zhanbin&nbsp;&nbsp; answered the phone, "Hello, who is this?" "Hello Principal Shi, I am Chen Weiguo."&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin was taken aback. Chen&nbsp; Weiguo? The name sounded familiar.&nbsp; "hiss…" Then he realized the call was from&nbsp;&nbsp; the military and immediately remembered who Chen&nbsp; Weiguo was. This gave Shi Zhanbin a real fright. Chapter 61 Let's just give&nbsp; him a random general's rank.&nbsp; "General Chen, is there&nbsp; something you need on your call?"&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin was slightly apprehensive.&nbsp; "Oh, it's nothing serious. I just&nbsp; wanted to borrow a student from you?"&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin was completely&nbsp; baffled. Could he borrow someone?&nbsp; "You said we would definitely&nbsp; cooperate fully with the military..."&nbsp; "Here's the thing, I'd like to invite Xiao&nbsp; Qiang, a freshman from Peking University,&nbsp;&nbsp; to be an instructor in our army for&nbsp; a few months. What do you think..."&nbsp; If you were to ask about any of the other&nbsp; freshmen, Shi Zhanbin would most likely not know&nbsp;&nbsp; them, but the other person mentioned Xiao Qiang. Shi Zhanbin remembers it vividly.&nbsp; First, a prominent figure in the field&nbsp; of traditional Chinese medicine wanted&nbsp;&nbsp; to consult Xiao Qiang on medical skills, and&nbsp; now the second-in-command of the military has&nbsp;&nbsp; directly stated that he wants to invite Xiao&nbsp; Qiang to become an instructor in the army.&nbsp; Could it be that Xiao Qiang&nbsp; also knows how to train troops?&nbsp; "Minister Chen, Xiao Qiang... what qualifications&nbsp; do you have to teach in the military?"&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin asked cautiously? "Principal Shi, you are unaware of this. Just half&nbsp;&nbsp; an hour ago, one of your students participated in&nbsp; the Global Special Forces Competition and defeated&nbsp;&nbsp; the strongest soldier in this year's competition,&nbsp; helping the military retain the title of Global&nbsp;&nbsp; Super Soldier King in China!" "hiss…"&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin was utterly shocked. He possessed&nbsp; medical skills that even the most renowned&nbsp;&nbsp; traditional Chinese medicine practitioners&nbsp; envied, and now he had become a top soldier.&nbsp; He's also a top student at Yenching University! Yenching University has struck gold this year!&nbsp; “My student is indeed outstanding.&nbsp; Well… as long as he has no objections,&nbsp;&nbsp; I will make things easier for him.” Serving the country is an honor for&nbsp;&nbsp; Yenching University. After hanging up the phone, he&nbsp; said, "Xiaoqiang, your principal&nbsp;&nbsp; has no objections, it's up to you now..." "Um... Commander, those elite soldiers in&nbsp;&nbsp; the army are definitely proud to the core. Would&nbsp; it be improper for me, with no official title or&nbsp;&nbsp; position, to become an instructor in the army?" "If I go there, I won't be able&nbsp;&nbsp; to convince the people!" Xiao Qiang looked troubled.&nbsp; Chen Weiguo chuckled, naturally realizing&nbsp; that Xiao Qiang was making demands of him.&nbsp; "Then tell me, what kind of&nbsp; status do you need? You name it?"&nbsp; "Me?...Sir, how about you just give him some&nbsp; major general or lieutenant general rank...?"&nbsp; "Cough cough cough..." Chen Weiguo was choked up.&nbsp; You're really bold and daring, aren't you? Do you think general ranks are sold by weight?&nbsp; "Sir? Isn't this a bit of a dilemma?... Seeing Chen Weiguo's discomfiture,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang tentatively asked. "Well, it's not that I'm making&nbsp;&nbsp; things difficult. Xiaoqiang, the rank of general&nbsp; is awarded to people who have made outstanding&nbsp;&nbsp; contributions to the military system." So… you know.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded in sudden realization.&nbsp; He had only said it as a joke and&nbsp;&nbsp; hadn't expected to achieve instant success. "However, Xiaoqiang, I can't give you the rank of&nbsp;&nbsp; general, but you can try for the rank of colonel." Chen Weiguo quickly added.&nbsp; "A senior colonel rank, that'll do.&nbsp; Alright then, senior colonel it is..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked like he&nbsp; was reluctantly agreeing.&nbsp; Fu Qingfeng, standing to the side, watched&nbsp; Chen Weiguo's humiliation with amusement.&nbsp; "Alright, then it'll be Colonel!" Chen Weiguo originally thought that&nbsp;&nbsp; giving him a major or lieutenant colonel would be&nbsp; enough, but he never expected that this kid would&nbsp;&nbsp; play a trick of preconceived notions. Having already refused once, refusing&nbsp;&nbsp; again this time would seem insincere. However, at this moment, Chen Weiguo&nbsp;&nbsp; preferred the young man in front of him, who&nbsp; was fearless, courageous, and resourceful.&nbsp; Unfortunately, he had no&nbsp; intention of joining the army.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, how about we start tomorrow?" "Sir, you can't exploit young people! It's almost&nbsp;&nbsp; October, and I want to go on vacation..." "Well…"&nbsp; Fu Qingfeng, who was standing next&nbsp; to him, almost burst out laughing.&nbsp; How interesting! How interesting! This is the&nbsp; first time he has ever encountered someone who&nbsp;&nbsp; could make such a high-ranking official of&nbsp; the Chinese military suffer such a setback.&nbsp; "Okay, then it'll be after the holiday. I'll use&nbsp; this time to get your military rank sorted out."&nbsp; After reaching an agreement, Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang left the private room and joined the others. "Xiaoqiang, what did the commander say to you?"&nbsp; Su Xinluo, unusually, took the initiative to ask. "It's nothing much, they just want me to be&nbsp;&nbsp; an instructor in the army for a few months." "Really? Then you can't keep anything from me!"&nbsp; Su Xinluo is always thinking about&nbsp; improving herself, and she just had&nbsp;&nbsp; the idea of becoming an apprentice. Unexpectedly, the commander had even&nbsp;&nbsp; greater foresight and appointed this&nbsp; super soldier to teach in the army.&nbsp; the group left the military club and found&nbsp;&nbsp; a restaurant nearby. At the dinner table.&nbsp; "Su Rui, what's your decision?" "What do you mean, 'how are&nbsp;&nbsp; you're talking about'?" Su Xinlu asked curiously.&nbsp; This time, Su Rui wasn't so hesitant.&nbsp; She put down her chopsticks and said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, I've decided. I'll work with you." A true man's ambition lies in all corners of the&nbsp;&nbsp; world; I am willing to continue to uphold my&nbsp; belief in protecting my country in other ways.&nbsp; "Good. What a fine young man&nbsp; with ambitions for the world."&nbsp; "Come on, Su Rui, let's have a drink." Xiao Qiang was very excited. With such&nbsp;&nbsp; a super soldier joining the team, many&nbsp; things could be carried out simultaneously.&nbsp; "Su Rui, are you going to work for&nbsp; Xiao Qiang? Are you leaving the army?"&nbsp; Su Xinlu finally understood what&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was trying to do.&nbsp; Su Rui felt a brief moment of dejection,&nbsp; but then her expression changed. "Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; my scapula is shattered and I&nbsp; can't carry out frontline missions,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I don't want to rest on my past laurels&nbsp; and live off the country. I can't do that."&nbsp; Rather than doing that, it's better to serve&nbsp; the country in another way, somewhere else.&nbsp; Su Xinlu originally wanted to try to persuade&nbsp; them, but seeing how determined they were,&nbsp; He then gave up on the idea&nbsp; and toasted Su Rui as well.&nbsp; When Su Rui was about to part ways,&nbsp;&nbsp; he told Xiao Qiang that he would go back to&nbsp; the army to complete his discharge procedures,&nbsp;&nbsp; which would take about half a month. He then went to Yanjing to&nbsp;&nbsp; seek refuge with Xiao Qiang. Su Xinluo watched Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; departing figure, lost in thought. I got back to the dormitory at 8 p.m.&nbsp; As soon as they entered, the three of&nbsp; them gathered around Hao Niubi's computer.&nbsp; It was unusual to see Brother Niu with a cigarette&nbsp; in his mouth, but that wasn't surprising, because&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang had told him before that watching&nbsp; movies while smoking was better than being a god.&nbsp; What's strange is that only one of&nbsp; this guy's two nostrils was smoking.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang thought to himself, the other&nbsp; nostril is most likely blocked by blood...&nbsp; He took a step forward and exclaimed,&nbsp; "Damn, this is so exciting! Is this a 1v5?"&nbsp; "That balloon is huge!" "Xiaoqiang, come on, let's watch together!"&nbsp; Brother Niu Bi extended an&nbsp; olive branch to Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; "Forget it, I prefer real combat..." "cut…"&nbsp; The three of them let out a&nbsp; silent expression of contempt.&nbsp; 10 minutes later. Hao Niubi: "No, I need to go to the restroom..."&nbsp; Fu Hao: "Wait, I'm going too..." Dong Mingxing: "And me..."&nbsp; "Guys, a little&nbsp;&nbsp; masturbation is fine, too much is&nbsp; harmful, and excessive masturbation&nbsp;&nbsp; will lead to your demise..." A few minutes later&nbsp; The three of them returned to&nbsp; their dormitory one after another.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, observing the three men's&nbsp; somewhat frivolous gait, said, "Guys,&nbsp;&nbsp; hurry up and find a girl. This pace is&nbsp; getting a bit tiring for your hands..."&nbsp; "You son of a bitch, Xiao Qiang, you're&nbsp; just gloating. Hey, by the way, where the&nbsp;&nbsp; hell have you been for the past three days...?" "Me? I'm researching how to become the world's&nbsp;&nbsp; richest person..." Xiao Qiang was once again looked down upon. "Hey guys, come on over here,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's get down to business." "What, want to study how to&nbsp;&nbsp; become the richest person?" Fu Hao said jokingly. Chapter 62 A Scam After the three people gathered around, Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang launched into a long, rapid-fire speech. Fu Hao: "You want to start a business?&nbsp;&nbsp; Then you have to include me!" Fu Hao dreams of becoming a real tycoon again.&nbsp; "But shouldn't we be focusing&nbsp; on our studies right now?"&nbsp; The two model students, Xiao Hao and Xiao Dong,&nbsp; once again posed a thought-provoking question.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Fu Hao exchanged a glance. "Hey Hao, Dong, wanna watch some action movies?"&nbsp; The two exclaimed in unison,&nbsp; "It looks beautiful..."&nbsp; Meanwhile, these two top students&nbsp; were rapidly pondering the meaning&nbsp;&nbsp; of Xiaoqiang's sudden question. "It looks nice, right? But isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; it too hard on your hands? Do you know&nbsp; what entrepreneurial success means?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang asked questions step by step. "I have tons of money,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can buy whatever I want..." Xiao Hao answered without hesitation.&nbsp; Xiao Dong, who was standing next&nbsp; to him, nodded in agreement.&nbsp; "Oh! You're so wrong. When you have a lot of&nbsp; money, you can have a lot of beautiful women,&nbsp;&nbsp; like Aoi Sora, Hatano Yui, Ozawa, etc. As&nbsp; long as you have money, you can have any&nbsp;&nbsp; Japanese teacher come to you, wearing the sexiest&nbsp; clothes, and have a deep interaction with you."&nbsp; They certainly won't refuse any&nbsp; of your requests...anything..."&nbsp; As Xiao Qiang patiently and persuasively&nbsp; taught them, the confused looks in Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Dong and Xiao Hao's eyes gradually&nbsp; turned fervent, and then resolute.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, I'm in... Damn it,&nbsp; I'm going to take on ten of you..."&nbsp; "I did it too..."&nbsp; Fu Hao cast an admiring glance&nbsp; at Xiao Qiang, his mentor.&nbsp; It's not that the enemy's will is too strong, it's&nbsp; just that our temptations weren't strong enough!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Alright, now that we've reached a consensus,&nbsp; let's meet with the investors tomorrow!"&nbsp; Fu Hao: "So fast?" Xiao Dong and Xiao Hao:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Of course we need to hurry, I can't wait..." After settling everything in,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiaoqiang sat down at the computer desk,&nbsp; ready to play a game of Counter-Strike.&nbsp; Suddenly, I saw my QQ account, which had&nbsp; been offline, flashing. When I opened it, I&nbsp;&nbsp; was surprised to see a message from Liu Qingyuan. This was the first time his dream girl had spoken&nbsp;&nbsp; to him on her own initiative. Happiness came&nbsp; so suddenly that he was incredibly excited.&nbsp; Looking at the time again, it was a&nbsp; message I sent to myself this morning.&nbsp; "Oh dear! Will the beautiful Liu be angry?" After thinking for a moment, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; typed in the chat box, "Qingyuan, I'm&nbsp; so sorry, I've been busy these past&nbsp;&nbsp; two days and haven't seen your message!" At that moment, Liu Qingyuan was studying&nbsp;&nbsp; in the library of Yenching University. While&nbsp; she was looking up information on her laptop,&nbsp;&nbsp; she saw the little penguin jumping happily. Open the chat window immediately.&nbsp; "Hmph, you stinky Xiao Qiang, I sent you a message&nbsp; this morning and you're only replying now."&nbsp; "But since he said he's been busy&nbsp; these past few days, I'll forgive him."&nbsp; "No, I can't forgive him so easily... I&nbsp; need to let him cool off a bit more..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, on the other end of the computer,&nbsp; seemed to have anticipated this outcome.&nbsp; "Beautiful Liu, I know you're looking at&nbsp; this message on your computer right now."&nbsp; From now on, I'll reply to any messages&nbsp; from you as soon as possible, okay?&nbsp; Don't be angry! Liu Qingyuan looked&nbsp;&nbsp; at Xiao Qiang's message, her red lips slightly&nbsp; upturned, and her fingers clicked rapidly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Seeing that you are quite sincere in admitting&nbsp; your mistake, I will forgive you for now."&nbsp; Seeing that Liu Qingyuan&nbsp; had replied to his message,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang snapped his fingers with delight. Immediately type in the chat box, "Liu Da&nbsp;&nbsp; Mei Nu is so elegant." Are you studying in&nbsp;&nbsp; your dorm or at the library right now? Liu Qingyuan: "You think you're like me,&nbsp;&nbsp; always skipping classes? You're&nbsp; still in the library right now!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang immediately replied,&nbsp; "Could you give me a chance to be&nbsp;&nbsp; your protector and take you back to your dorm?" Upon seeing Xiao Qiang's message, Liu Qingyuan&nbsp;&nbsp; instinctively typed "No need..." But I deleted it immediately.&nbsp; But deep down, there seems to&nbsp; be a sense of anticipation...&nbsp; Seeing that the other party hadn't replied for a&nbsp; while, Xiao Qiang continued, "Give me a chance,&nbsp;&nbsp; otherwise there are a lot of perverts on&nbsp; the streets late at night, I'm worried..."&nbsp; Upon seeing Xiao Qiang's message,&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan burst out laughing.&nbsp; Her already exquisite and beautiful appearance&nbsp; was mixed with a hint of coy feigned reluctance.&nbsp; She's absolutely captivating. His fingers danced across the&nbsp;&nbsp; keyboard again. "Really? I have a&nbsp; feeling you're the biggest pervert!"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was still incredibly happy;&nbsp; if they weren't in a public place,&nbsp;&nbsp; she probably would have burst into laughter. "Uh... I would just call it lust at first sight."&nbsp; "Liu, please give me a chance?" Xiao Qiang pressed for more information.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan looked around at&nbsp; the brightly lit library and&nbsp;&nbsp; the Yenching University students studying&nbsp; intently with an unusual smile on her face.&nbsp; "Then wait for me at the bottom&nbsp; of the library in 10 minutes."&nbsp; After saying this, Liu Qingyuan suddenly&nbsp; realized that she was a little nervous.&nbsp; "yeah…!!" Upon seeing the reply,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang excitedly raised his arm and shouted. "My god, Xiaoqiang, you're yelling so loudly in&nbsp;&nbsp; the middle of the night, you're&nbsp; giving me a heart attack..."&nbsp; What's wrong with you? Why are you so agitated? Fu Hao, who was watching "Uncle Zombie," clutched&nbsp;&nbsp; his wildly beating heart and asked tremblingly. His tone was somewhat weak,&nbsp;&nbsp; indicating that he was quite frightened. "I'm going to pick up Liu Qingyuan and&nbsp;&nbsp; take her back to the dorm. I'm off, buddy..." Everyone watched Xiao Qiang's departing figure&nbsp;&nbsp; with envy. …&nbsp; Ten minutes later, outside the&nbsp; Yenching University Library.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was already waiting here. At this time, the campus of Yenching&nbsp;&nbsp; University was bustling with activity,&nbsp; as many students were returning to their&nbsp;&nbsp; dormitories from the library and classrooms. It paints a vivid picture of Yenching&nbsp;&nbsp; University at dusk. "Xiao Qiang".&nbsp; As he gazed at the beautiful night view&nbsp; of Yenching University, lost in thought...&nbsp; A familiar voice came from behind. "Qingyuan, let me get your computer for you."&nbsp; "Thanks." Walking back to the girls' dormitory,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan felt uneasy, as this was the&nbsp; first time she had been alone with a boy.&nbsp; Something feels off. "What have you been&nbsp;&nbsp; up to these past few days? Skipping too many&nbsp; classes, you'll get failed by the teacher..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan asked. "Xie Liu is concerned."&nbsp; Have you forgotten that at the first class meeting&nbsp; of the semester, I said I wanted to become the&nbsp;&nbsp; richest person in the world? "That's what I'm busy with!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang answered with a relaxed expression. "And, in the future, I might... skip even more&nbsp;&nbsp; classes..." "ah?"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was shocked by Xiao Qiang's words. Most students who are admitted to Yenching&nbsp;&nbsp; University have a clear goal: to study&nbsp; hard and pursue further studies abroad.&nbsp; Well, he's already developed the bad habit&nbsp; of skipping classes after only a few days of&nbsp;&nbsp; school starting. Downstairs in the goddess's dormitory building. "Thank you, Xiao Qiang."&nbsp; "Don't be so polite. How about&nbsp; trying to be my girlfriend?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang asked again with a grin. Liu Qingyuan was clearly taken aback,&nbsp; obviously shocked by the question.&nbsp; She didn't expect Xiao Qiang to&nbsp; be even more direct this time. Chapter 63 Meeting with Investors "I...I...I..."&nbsp; She was clearly unprepared and&nbsp; her mind was in complete disarray.&nbsp; "Alright, look at how easily frightened&nbsp; you are, you should go back to your dorm."&nbsp; There is ample time. Anyway, you'll be mine, Xiao Qiang's,&nbsp;&nbsp; sooner or later. Xiao Qiang said&nbsp;&nbsp; with an air of inexplicable confidence. Liu Qingyuan had just realized what was&nbsp;&nbsp; happening and was about to retort&nbsp; when Xiao Qiang had already turned&nbsp;&nbsp; and left the goddess's dormitory building. "You...you...you scoundrel Xiao Qiang, how&nbsp;&nbsp; dare you say such a thing! You're infuriating!" Liu Qingyuan pouted and said with dissatisfaction.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, we're going to meet the investors,&nbsp; don't we need to dress a little more formally?"&nbsp; "Yeah, isn't going like this a bit too casual?" "that is…"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was speechless.&nbsp; "You guys have formal attire?"&nbsp; All three shook their heads in unison. "That settles it then, let's go."&nbsp; With&nbsp;&nbsp; hearts full of trepidation, the three followed&nbsp; Xiao Qiang toward the Summer Palace Villa.&nbsp; Little did they know that their fate would&nbsp; be completely rewritten from that day onward.&nbsp; Inside the Qiangsheng Investment negotiation room! "Hello, fellow elites of Yenching University.&nbsp;&nbsp; I am Su Wan, the venture capital&nbsp; director of Qiangsheng Investment Group."&nbsp; "Hello, Mr. Su" “…”&nbsp; Looking at this stunningly beautiful woman,&nbsp; 165cm tall, dressed in a formal office lady&nbsp;&nbsp; outfit and sporting shoulder-length short hair,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang couldn't help but sigh inwardly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mu Yao's taste is just what I want." The other three were practically drooling.&nbsp; What kind of amazing company is this?&nbsp; Every single female employee they met&nbsp;&nbsp; after entering was stunningly beautiful. Even the cleaning staff... uh, the ladies,&nbsp;&nbsp; were all elegant and had a strong&nbsp; mature and sophisticated air about them.&nbsp; Since Xiao Qiang only came up with this&nbsp; plan yesterday, he could only call Li&nbsp;&nbsp; Muyao to make the necessary arrangements. Su Wan looked at the four people in front&nbsp;&nbsp; of her. One seemed normal enough,&nbsp; but the other three looked...&nbsp; Why does he look like an idiot? "I don't know what President Li was thinking,&nbsp;&nbsp; he kept telling me to vote for them." Su Wan looked at the four people in&nbsp;&nbsp; front of her and thought to herself. "Who can introduce your project?"&nbsp; At the same time, Su Wan's bright eyes&nbsp; swept across the four people's faces.&nbsp; The trio was incredibly nervous,&nbsp; whether from seeing the beautiful&nbsp;&nbsp; woman or from being intimidated by Su&nbsp; Wan's powerful aura, it was hard to tell.&nbsp; All three of them turned&nbsp; their gazes toward Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; They were originally deceived and&nbsp; seduced by Xiao Qiang, and had no&nbsp;&nbsp; idea what kind of project he was going to do. Xiao Qiang said, "Hello, President Su. We&nbsp;&nbsp; are going to make traditional Chinese medicine&nbsp; medicine using ancient methods, and carry forward&nbsp;&nbsp; the millennia-old tradition of Chinese medicine." Su Wan frowned. "Do you have ancient Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; medicine prescriptions or do you have renowned&nbsp; Chinese medicine doctors joining you?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said, "We have the support of&nbsp; inheritors of traditional Chinese medicine."&nbsp; The trio looked at Xiao Qiang with&nbsp; strange expressions. "What kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; inheritor of traditional Chinese&nbsp; medicine? That's ridiculous..."&nbsp; Do you have a pharmaceutical manufacturing base? "That's why they're looking for investors!"&nbsp; "How much was your original share capital?" "There are four of us, ten thousand each."&nbsp; "Forehead…" "So you mean you have no money,&nbsp;&nbsp; no space, and just a few people!" Su Wan said irritably.&nbsp; If it weren't for Li Muyao's&nbsp; arrangement, she would have been cursing!&nbsp; What kind of company is this? Is this some makeshift&nbsp;&nbsp; troupe putting on a grand opera? "How much money are you looking to raise?"&nbsp; After some thought, Xiao Qiang rented a&nbsp; factory in Yanjing, purchased equipment,&nbsp;&nbsp; recruited professional talent, and&nbsp; established marketing channels.&nbsp; It's at least 20 million. "We want to raise 30 million yuan."&nbsp; shock in their eyes. 30 million?&nbsp; Do you think investment companies are all idiots,&nbsp; asking for 30 million with just a few words?&nbsp; Su Wan was speechless. You bunch of&nbsp; greenhorns really dare to talk like that.&nbsp; But then I thought of Li&nbsp; Muyao's repeated instructions.&nbsp; With a cold expression, he&nbsp; feigned a demand, "30 million?..."&nbsp; "I knew it! No way... 300,000&nbsp; would be pretty good..."&nbsp; Fu Hao muttered to himself. The other two probably think the same way.&nbsp; “30 million is acceptable, but&nbsp; Qiangsheng Investment wants to&nbsp;&nbsp; own 70% of your company’s shares.” The three of them stared at the&nbsp;&nbsp; beautiful investor with incredulous eyes. Are we too ignorant, or is this world too crazy?&nbsp; That's it, you've decided to invest? This money is so easy to scam... uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; did they just melt it down? "no problem."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang agreed immediately. "Then I'll have my investment&nbsp;&nbsp; assistant contact you later." After saying that, Su Wan left&nbsp;&nbsp; the investment negotiation room directly. Five minutes later, the investment assistant&nbsp;&nbsp; came in with the equity transfer agreement.&nbsp; At Xiao Qiang's prompting, Fu Hao and the&nbsp;&nbsp; other two signed their names on it like puppets. Soon, the 30 million yuan capital from Qiangsheng&nbsp;&nbsp; Investment was deposited into "Huaxia Shenyitang&nbsp; Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.", which Xiao Qiang had&nbsp;&nbsp; already registered in advance. "Hey guys, let's go. Still&nbsp; want to stay for dinner?"&nbsp; Seeing the three of them sitting there,&nbsp; completely shocked and motionless,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang couldn't help but chuckle. "Huh? Oh, let's go..."&nbsp; None of the three knew how they&nbsp; got out of the Summer Palace Villa.&nbsp; "Xiao Dong, pinch me, let&nbsp; me see if I'm dreaming..."&nbsp; Niu Bi still cannot accept this fact. Xiao Qiang raised his foot and&nbsp;&nbsp; kicked him directly in the buttocks. "Damn it, Xiao Qiang, you son of a bitch,&nbsp;&nbsp; you went for the kill..." "Ha ha…"&nbsp; The four of them started making a ruckus. According to the investment agreement,&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiangsheng Investment invested 30 million&nbsp; yuan to hold 70% of the shares, while Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang and the other three invested 10,000 yuan&nbsp; each, holding 7.5% of the shares respectively.&nbsp; Inside Li&nbsp;&nbsp; Muyao's office at the Summer Palace Villa. "Mr. Li, I really don't understand why you&nbsp;&nbsp; would invest money in such a makeshift team." They have practically nothing but people!&nbsp; "With this 30 million invested,&nbsp; let alone any investment premium,&nbsp;&nbsp; I doubt I can even recoup the investment cost." Su Wan spoke with a serious expression, while&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Muyao, who was sitting there, looked relaxed. "Su Wan, you'll find out the reason soon enough."&nbsp; I won't explain all that to you today; just&nbsp; think of it as a... special investment.&nbsp; Meanwhile, inside the classroom of Class 1,&nbsp; Economics and Management, Yenching University.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was surprised to find today&nbsp; that not only did Xiao Qiang skip class,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the other three people in&nbsp; their dormitory also skipped class.&nbsp; Outside the Summer Palace villa,&nbsp;&nbsp; the four of them sat side by side on the curb. "Xiaoqiang, tell me, what's the next step?"&nbsp; "Simple. I'll find a nationally renowned TCM&nbsp; doctor. The three of you can split up and find&nbsp;&nbsp; suitable factory buildings. Remember one thing:&nbsp; it doesn't matter if the factory buildings are&nbsp;&nbsp; a little out of the way, but they must be&nbsp; in a place with convenient transportation."&nbsp; We'll split up and meet up at the dorms tonight. With slightly bewildered looks in their eyes,&nbsp;&nbsp; the three embarked on their&nbsp; arduous entrepreneurial journey.&nbsp; After the three left. Xiao Qiang returned to the&nbsp;&nbsp; Summer Palace Villa and went to his office. Li Muyao's introduction gave me a completely&nbsp;&nbsp; new understanding of the company's&nbsp; situation in the past few days.&nbsp; In addition to functional departments&nbsp; such as human resources, administration,&nbsp;&nbsp; legal affairs, finance, auditing, and general&nbsp; manager's office, Qiangsheng Investment Group&nbsp;&nbsp; now has other departments under its umbrella. It has a subsidiary, Qiangsheng Stock Trading&nbsp;&nbsp; Department, which currently mainly engages&nbsp; in investment and trading of M shares.&nbsp; The venture capital department primarily&nbsp; invests in angel rounds of startups and&nbsp;&nbsp; subsequent Series A, B, and C funding rounds&nbsp; during the expansion phase of these companies.&nbsp; These two departments have now&nbsp; been initially established. Chapter 64 People from the&nbsp; mental hospital have arrived?&nbsp; Next, Li Muyao plans to continue to expand&nbsp; and improve the stock trading department,&nbsp;&nbsp; and to establish a presence in the&nbsp; secondary markets of mature markets&nbsp;&nbsp; in Europe, America, and the Asia-Pacific region. At the same time, we should increase recruitment&nbsp;&nbsp; efforts and establish an investment department&nbsp; targeting emerging high-tech enterprises abroad.&nbsp; Furthermore, Li Muyao rearranged the use&nbsp; of the 20 villas in the Summer Palace.&nbsp; Villas numbered 1-5, each 400 square&nbsp; meters, were used as staff dormitories.&nbsp; Building No. 6, a 1,400-square-meter&nbsp; detached villa, was planned as Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang's living and working space. Villas 7-13 are currently used&nbsp;&nbsp; as offices for various departments. The remaining 7 villas will be kept as backups.&nbsp; Moreover, Mr. Xu, the boss of Hengtai, is&nbsp; very efficient. The construction team for&nbsp;&nbsp; the office building has already entered the&nbsp; site and started construction in full swing.&nbsp; After listening to Li Muyao's introduction,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded in satisfaction.&nbsp; "So, you've requisitioned this office!" Li Muyao nodded, "The entire building is yours!"&nbsp; "How are Li Le and Zhang Kun doing?" "The seven top US securities firms&nbsp;&nbsp; that we cooperate with, seeing the Fed's&nbsp; continuous release of market rescue information,&nbsp;&nbsp; are generally bullish on US stocks, so&nbsp; they are happy to lend us their stocks."&nbsp; We've already spent nearly $50&nbsp; billion of our $85 billion,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is going much more smoothly than expected. Li Muyao spoke of this with great enthusiasm.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang smiled with satisfaction. When the M-shares market crashes on&nbsp;&nbsp; September 28th, these top U.S. brokerage&nbsp; firms will probably be kicking themselves!&nbsp; Why? To give a simple example,&nbsp; If you borrow 5 million shares from a brokerage&nbsp; firm to short the market, each share costs $1.&nbsp; After the market crashes by 40%, the&nbsp; share price will be $0.60. At that point,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang will only need to spend $3 million&nbsp; to buy another 5 million shares from the market&nbsp;&nbsp; and return them to the brokerage firm. Xiao Qiang made a profit of $2 million,&nbsp;&nbsp; while the brokerage firm earned some interest from&nbsp; the short selling, but the losses from the stock&nbsp;&nbsp; price were much greater. He only stopped when his&nbsp; stomach started protesting.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang went to the staff canteen and casually&nbsp; ate some Australian lobster, Boston lobster,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a few pieces of bluefin tuna. When he felt a&nbsp; little choked, he poured himself a glass of 1982&nbsp;&nbsp; Lafite and drank it all in one gulp. After eating and drinking his fill,&nbsp;&nbsp; he went directly to Villa No. 6. Because he was going to conduct&nbsp;&nbsp; a top-secret experiment. Although he had already&nbsp;&nbsp; obtained many powerful time-travel cards,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang had not been willing to use them.&nbsp; Now is the time to put the&nbsp; time travel card to use.&nbsp; Following the system's prompts, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang silently recited a few names.&nbsp; He looked around the 200-square-meter&nbsp; room with anticipation,&nbsp;&nbsp; afraid of missing any exciting moment. He wanted to see clearly how this dog system&nbsp;&nbsp; could transform people into living beings. Five minutes passed, and the office was quiet... Ten minutes passed... and not a single hair&nbsp;&nbsp; appeared in the office... What's going on? Has&nbsp;&nbsp; the time-travel system crashed? Just as Xiao Qiang was filled with doubt,&nbsp;&nbsp; his phone rang urgently. "Mu Yao?"&nbsp; “Xiao…Xiao Qiang, where are you? Seven strange&nbsp; old men came to the office. They said their names&nbsp;&nbsp; were Hua Tuo, Bian Que, Zhang Zhongjing, Sun&nbsp; Simiao… They said they were looking for you.”&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, come quick! I suspect&nbsp; they're all from a mental hospital..."&nbsp; Li Muyao's words revealed a&nbsp; hint of tension and unease.&nbsp; She was sleeping soundly in Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's office cubicle when she&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly heard a commotion outside the door. Then&nbsp;&nbsp; she saw seven strangely dressed old men&nbsp; outside the door on the video monitor.&nbsp; Startled, she quickly got dressed and&nbsp; went out to ask what was going on.&nbsp; After introducing themselves, those people&nbsp; said they were looking for Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; The sheer variety of outfits surprised Li&nbsp; Muyao. Was this some kind of elderly cosplay?&nbsp; Of course! This group includes people from the&nbsp; Warring States period, the Eastern Han Dynasty,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Tang Dynasty, the Ming Dynasty...&nbsp; how can their clothing styles be unified?&nbsp; But the subsequent self-introductions convinced&nbsp; her that these people must have escaped from a&nbsp;&nbsp; mental hospital… "Damn it..."&nbsp; "Mu Yao, wait for me, I'll be right there." Startled, Xiao Qiang jumped up from his chair.&nbsp; "Young lady,&nbsp;&nbsp; judging from your appearance, you must have just&nbsp; finished a passionate encounter, is that not so?"&nbsp; The old man who called himself Hua Tuo was staring&nbsp; at Li Muyao with a serious expression as he spoke.&nbsp; "You...you..." "Moreover, I'm certain that the girl must&nbsp;&nbsp; have climaxed... uh... three times just now..." Upon hearing such remarks, Li Muyao was&nbsp;&nbsp; on the verge of exploding. "Damn it... old man, what the&nbsp;&nbsp; hell are you talking about... shut up..." Xiao Qiang, who had run all the way here,&nbsp;&nbsp; heard the old man's inappropriate words as soon&nbsp; as he entered the door. Without even catching his&nbsp;&nbsp; breath, he immediately spoke up to stop him. After catching his breath, he whispered&nbsp;&nbsp; to Li Muyao, "Muyao, this is a&nbsp; famous local doctor that I asked&nbsp;&nbsp; someone to find from all over the country." The names they just mentioned, like Hua Tuo and&nbsp;&nbsp; Bian Que, are local folk nicknames they received. After hearing Xiao Qiang's explanation,&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Muyao finally felt relieved. "Mu Yao, come, I'll take them to&nbsp;&nbsp; Villa No. 6. You go ahead and get busy. Oh,&nbsp; and tell the HR department to send me two male&nbsp;&nbsp; assistants from the administration department." Li Muyao's mind was a bit confused at the moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; and she just instinctively said "Oh". It seems she hasn't recovered from the&nbsp;&nbsp; shock she just experienced. Back to Villa No. 6.&nbsp; "Gentlemen, may I ask your names?" Xiao Qiang knew who he had summoned,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he couldn't place the name. "I am Bian Que."&nbsp; Bian Que, the ancestor of traditional Chinese&nbsp; medicine, was a general practitioner during&nbsp;&nbsp; the Warring States period. "I am Zhang Zhongjing."&nbsp; Zhang Zhongjing was a physician of the Eastern Han&nbsp; Dynasty who authored the medical book "Treatise&nbsp;&nbsp; on Febrile Diseases". "I am Hua Tuo."&nbsp; Hua Tuo was a famous physician in the Eastern&nbsp; Han Dynasty. Mafeisan (anesthesia powder) and&nbsp;&nbsp; Wuqinxi (Five Animal Frolics) were his&nbsp; masterpieces. He was skilled in surgery.&nbsp; "I am Sun Simiao." Sun Simiao, a Tang Dynasty physician, was known&nbsp;&nbsp; as the "King of Traditional Chinese Medicine." "I am Li Shizhen."&nbsp; "I am Ge Hong." "This old man is Emperor Pumi."&nbsp; These seven individuals can be&nbsp; considered among the most renowned&nbsp;&nbsp; scholars of traditional Chinese medicine&nbsp; in China's thousands of years of history...&nbsp; Xiao Qiang greeted each of the&nbsp; veteran doctors one by one.&nbsp; "Fellow healers, do you know where this place is?" As the common ancestor of all traditional Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; medicine practitioners, Bian Que&nbsp; has become the recognized leader.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, before we came here, that fat kid&nbsp; Yama introduced us to the world. This is 2008,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is more than 2,400 years&nbsp; away from the era I lived in."&nbsp; Moreover, before we arrived, the chubby&nbsp; boy showed us the details of life in your&nbsp;&nbsp; era through the celestial mirror. You call this a computer, right?&nbsp; That little brick you're holding&nbsp; is called a cell phone...&nbsp; What you're living in is called a villa... Chapter 65 All the Gold and&nbsp; Silver Mountains Are Mine&nbsp; "Hey, what's the purpose of this Liuwei Dihuang&nbsp; Pill on your table? Let me take a look..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was about to put it away&nbsp; when Bian Que, with his agile movements,&nbsp;&nbsp; had already taken it directly into his hand. "Liuwei Dihuang Pills are primarily used&nbsp;&nbsp; to treat symptoms such as hot flashes in the&nbsp; palms and soles, facial flushing, night sweats,&nbsp;&nbsp; lower back and knee weakness, and general fatigue&nbsp; caused by liver and kidney yin deficiency..."&nbsp; Uncle Bian started reading&nbsp; it in a very mystical way.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, on the other hand, wished he&nbsp; could disappear into a crack in the ground;&nbsp;&nbsp; it was just too damn embarrassing! "Xiaoqiang, you're so young and you&nbsp;&nbsp; already have kidney deficiency? Is it caused&nbsp; by excessive indulgence in sexual intercourse?&nbsp;&nbsp; We'll have the doctors examine you later..." Without waiting for Xiao Qiang's agreement,&nbsp;&nbsp; he said this. The seven renowned&nbsp;&nbsp; doctors immediately surrounded him, and Xiao&nbsp; Qiang instantly became a lamb to the slaughter.&nbsp; The divine doctors were quick in their&nbsp; diagnosis; ten minutes later, the seven&nbsp;&nbsp; doctors had finished examining Xiao Qiang. After a round of conversation,&nbsp;&nbsp; Uncle Bian said seriously, "Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; you're so young, yet your heart, liver,&nbsp;&nbsp; spleen, lungs, and kidneys are all weak..." "That's impossible! I can last half an hour&nbsp;&nbsp; every time now, no problem!" Xiao Qiang was shocked.&nbsp; Hua Tuo stepped forward and said, "You are&nbsp; currently only relying on your innate essence&nbsp;&nbsp; to keep going, and your acquired essence is&nbsp; insufficient to replenish it. If this continues&nbsp;&nbsp; for a long time, it will lead to an imbalance of&nbsp; Yin and Yang, causing your essence to overflow."&nbsp; Hua Tuo, like an old teacher,&nbsp; shook his head and spoke.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang felt dizzy after hearing this. "What do you mean? Didn't you&nbsp;&nbsp; study modern language?" Hua Tuo seemed to be recalling&nbsp;&nbsp; some modern language knowledge, "Simply put, it's&nbsp; erectile dysfunction and premature ejaculation!"&nbsp; The rest of the group nodded in unison. "This is fucking..."&nbsp; However, Xiao Qiang was not worried. He was&nbsp; currently focused on the marrow cleansing and&nbsp;&nbsp; aphrodisiac techniques of the dog system. With&nbsp; the support of this seemingly awesome technique,&nbsp;&nbsp; wouldn't he be able to take off with joy? But if it could be made into a medicine&nbsp;&nbsp; that fundamentally solves men's problems,&nbsp; would the blue pill from US-based Huirui&nbsp;&nbsp; still have a market? Xiao Qiang became&nbsp;&nbsp; more and more excited as he thought about it. "Um... Gentlemen, could you combine the strengths&nbsp;&nbsp; of various schools of thought to develop a drug&nbsp; that can strengthen men's kidney yang, ideally&nbsp;&nbsp; with noticeable effects within 7 days of use,&nbsp; and these effects only lasting for half a month?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang expressed his thoughts&nbsp; with a hopeful expression.&nbsp; If it's effective for life, wouldn't that become&nbsp; a one-time transaction? The medicine is good,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's not a good business. Bian Que pondered for a moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; "This is not difficult!" Xiao Qiang was overjoyed.&nbsp;&nbsp; The doctor was indeed a miracle&nbsp; doctor; he was so damn confident!&nbsp; "Dear doctors, I have a friend who has&nbsp; large scars on his skin from an injury.&nbsp;&nbsp; Is there any way to completely remove&nbsp; the scars and allow the skin to regrow?"&nbsp; At this moment, Sun Simiao stepped forward and&nbsp; said, "My Ice Skin Jade Complexion Cream can&nbsp;&nbsp; achieve this! However, I don't have any on me." Xiao Qiang was overjoyed, "Dr. Sun,&nbsp;&nbsp; what other effects does your Ice&nbsp; Skin Jade Complexion Cream have?"&nbsp; "It can also make your skin as soft and supple&nbsp; as a baby's, and make sun-tanned skin as white&nbsp;&nbsp; and smooth as snow..." "That's so damn cool..."&nbsp; Upon hearing Doctor Sun's answer,&nbsp; he felt as if he could already&nbsp;&nbsp; see mountains of gold beckoning to him. "Esteemed physicians, have you heard of the&nbsp;&nbsp; tumors of our time? Is there a cure for them?" At this moment, Ge Hong, who specializes in&nbsp;&nbsp; internal medicine, said in a deep voice: "What&nbsp; you call tumors are actually lumps. I conducted&nbsp;&nbsp; research on them for many years in my time&nbsp; and have achieved some results. I think that&nbsp;&nbsp; with the combined efforts of my colleagues, we&nbsp; should make a breakthrough in less than a month."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang really wanted to hug and&nbsp; kiss the old man right then and there.&nbsp;&nbsp; If this research were successful, how&nbsp; many mountains of gold would that be!&nbsp; "Could you all first produce a batch of samples&nbsp; of the tonifying and yang-boosting medicine and&nbsp;&nbsp; the Ice Skin Jade Complexion Cream?" After discussing it, the seven&nbsp;&nbsp; people replied to Xiao Qiang that it&nbsp; would be ready in about seven days.&nbsp; At this moment, the two male assistants arranged&nbsp; by Li Muyao also came to report for duty.&nbsp; "The two of you will be dedicated to&nbsp; serving these seven renowned doctors&nbsp;&nbsp; during this period. They are all doctors I&nbsp; have sought out from all over the country."&nbsp; His temperament and personality&nbsp; might be a bit eccentric.&nbsp; Your task is simply to do whatever&nbsp; they tell you to do, understand?&nbsp; Don't ask any other questions. In addition, prepare a villa for&nbsp;&nbsp; these seven old doctors to live in. The two assistants nodded repeatedly.&nbsp; "By the way, go to the finance department and&nbsp; collect 1 million as operating expenses for&nbsp;&nbsp; this period of time. You may need&nbsp; to buy a lot of medicinal herbs."&nbsp; Also, give the old doctors&nbsp; a haircut, a makeover, and&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe even let them connect with city dwellers. After making the arrangements, the two assistants&nbsp;&nbsp; led the seven renowned doctors away. At this moment, Xiao Qiang was invigorated.&nbsp; He had the miracle doctor; all that was left&nbsp;&nbsp; was the pharmaceutical factory. Just then, Xiao Qiang's phone&nbsp;&nbsp; rang. "Fu Hao, how are you guys doing?" "We were just about to tell you. We saw a&nbsp;&nbsp; pharmaceutical company in the western suburbs&nbsp; with a sign on the door saying it's for sale&nbsp;&nbsp; or sublet. We just contacted the company&nbsp; owner. Why don't you come and take a look?"&nbsp; Everyone clearly regards Xiao Qiang&nbsp; as the backbone of their business.&nbsp; When Xiao Qiang went there, he was overjoyed.&nbsp; The factory happened to be a traditional Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; medicine manufacturing enterprise with a&nbsp; ready-made pharmaceutical production line.&nbsp; Although the factory is not very large,&nbsp; it basically meets the initial needs&nbsp;&nbsp; of the company's development. Xiao Qiang immediately made the&nbsp;&nbsp; decision and signed a lease agreement&nbsp; with an annual rent of 3 million yuan.&nbsp; Land in Beijing is extremely valuable, and&nbsp; large-scale factory construction costs are too&nbsp;&nbsp; high, making leasing a more cost-effective option. Once the first batch of traditional Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; medicine products opens up the market, we can&nbsp; directly consider investing in and building a&nbsp;&nbsp; factory in Xishan Province to boost the&nbsp; economic development of our hometown.&nbsp; This is Xiao Qiang's initial plan. Looking at the vast factory area,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fu Hao and the others were stunned for a&nbsp; moment. "Xiao Qiang, what should we do next?"&nbsp; "Yeah, we don't know how&nbsp; to make medicine either..."&nbsp; The three of them chattered away,&nbsp; completely like headless flies.&nbsp; "Calm down, you're all&nbsp; shareholders and bosses now."&nbsp; So, let's hold the first shareholders'&nbsp; meeting of Shenyitang Pharmaceutical Co.,&nbsp;&nbsp; Ltd. right here in this factory today to confirm&nbsp; the division of labor among the four of us.&nbsp; Fu Hao, you should immediately contact&nbsp; a decoration company and a cleaning&nbsp;&nbsp; company to clean and decorate the&nbsp; entire office area of the factory.&nbsp; You will then be responsible for building&nbsp; the entire sales channel for Shenyitang.&nbsp; As a celebrity, you are in charge&nbsp; of the company's human resources and&nbsp;&nbsp; finance. Immediately contact headhunting&nbsp; companies online to recruit pharmacists,&nbsp;&nbsp; lab technicians, finance and human resources&nbsp; personnel, and other relevant staff.&nbsp; Brother Niu Bi, you are in charge of the&nbsp; procurement of traditional Chinese medicine.&nbsp; I'll be temporarily in charge of the company's&nbsp; overall operations, and Fu Hao will take over that&nbsp;&nbsp; role from now on. Does anyone have any objections?&nbsp; We're all brothers, so if you have any opinions,&nbsp;&nbsp; just say so, and we'll discuss them together. All three of them were completely&nbsp;&nbsp; bewildered and had no opinions whatsoever. Xiao Qiang knew that the three of them would&nbsp;&nbsp; find it difficult to adapt to their new roles,&nbsp; but everything is difficult at the beginning.&nbsp; The beginning was difficult because they&nbsp; had never been exposed to it before. I&nbsp;&nbsp; believe that with their high intelligence,&nbsp; this adaptation period will be very short. Chapter 66 Rejuvenation&nbsp; and Regaining Heroic Spirit&nbsp; The trio worked non-stop all afternoon. Xiao Qiang provided them with detailed guidance&nbsp;&nbsp; on finding headhunters, housekeeping&nbsp; services, and renovation companies.&nbsp; This surprised the three of them. "This damn&nbsp; Xiaoqiang, it's one thing to be the top scorer&nbsp;&nbsp; in the national college entrance examination, but&nbsp; I'm starting to feel like this kid is a genius."&nbsp; He's the only one who understands! "Exactly, you can't help but admire the&nbsp;&nbsp; brain of a super genius." The renovation company arrived the next&nbsp; morning and signed a contract with Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang. With the help of his financial&nbsp; resources, the renovation of the entire&nbsp;&nbsp; office began in full swing that afternoon. On the fourth day, the entire hard decoration&nbsp;&nbsp; and soft furnishing purchase was completed. It&nbsp; has to be said that money can indeed buy time.&nbsp; Starting the next day, Xiao Qiang sent&nbsp; the trio to attend a training program for&nbsp;&nbsp; pharmaceutical industry managers. Since they were all greenhorns,&nbsp;&nbsp; the only way to quickly turn them into&nbsp; professionals in their respective fields was&nbsp;&nbsp; through frequent, cramming-style training. Xiao Qiang personally interviewed many&nbsp;&nbsp; professionals for pharmaceutical, quality control,&nbsp; and sales positions over the past three days.&nbsp; Fortunately, Xiao Qiang had some experience in&nbsp; the pharmaceutical industry in his previous life,&nbsp;&nbsp; so he was quite familiar with the work. He hasn't returned to school these past few days,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he's maintained close contact with Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan through QQ on his mobile phone.&nbsp; On the fifth day, Xiao Qiang received a call&nbsp; from the personal assistant who served the&nbsp;&nbsp; several miracle doctors. "Mr. Xiao, Mr. Bian&nbsp;&nbsp; said he wants to speak with you." Then came Bian Que's signature voice:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, we brothers have successfully&nbsp; made the two medicines you requested.&nbsp;&nbsp; Would you like to come and take a look?" "What? So fast? Wait for me, I'll be right there."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was so excited that he danced around.&nbsp; After making some simple arrangements, he took a&nbsp;&nbsp; taxi back to Yiheyuan Villa. Looking at the two boxes in front&nbsp; of me, one box contained more than&nbsp;&nbsp; 100 brown pills the size of longan fruits,&nbsp; which were now emitting an enticing luster.&nbsp; The other box contained a pure black, viscous&nbsp; substance that emitted an enticing fragrance.&nbsp; "Old Bian, can you introduce yourself?" Looking at the two appealing items,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang asked Bian Que a question. Doctor Bian knew that this was a term&nbsp;&nbsp; of endearment used by modern&nbsp; people, so he didn't mind.&nbsp; Clearing his throat, he said, "Xiaoqiang,&nbsp; these pills are made according to your&nbsp;&nbsp; request. They take effect in 2 days and&nbsp; are designed to strengthen kidney yang.&nbsp;&nbsp; The effects will last for 15-20 days." "Old Bian, could you be more specific&nbsp;&nbsp; in the description of this effect?" At this moment, Li Shizhen stepped forward,&nbsp;&nbsp; holding a small blue pill in his hand.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, do you recognize this?"&nbsp; This is so familiar! I used&nbsp; it a lot in my past life!&nbsp; So he nodded. Li Shizhen continued,&nbsp;&nbsp; "We have also tried this little pill ourselves,&nbsp; but in terms of making men erect, the blue pill&nbsp;&nbsp; is not as effective as the pill we developed." Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang instantly recalled&nbsp;&nbsp; the scene of Uncle Jinjiang, the king of Category&nbsp; III films, carrying water with a magical tool.&nbsp; Seeing Xiao Qiang's lewd smile, the veteran&nbsp; doctors couldn't help but sneer, "That little&nbsp;&nbsp; lecher, who knows what mischief he's up to now..." "Uh...you renowned doctors, it's human nature to&nbsp;&nbsp; crave food and sex, please don't take offense..." "By the way, Dr. Sun, how effective is your&nbsp;&nbsp; Ice Skin Jade Cream? Could you explain it to me?" Xiao Qiang's eyes were also filled with&nbsp;&nbsp; anticipation as he looked at Sun Simiao. "This Ice Skin Jade Cream was improved by&nbsp;&nbsp; several of us brothers. It is gentler on the skin.&nbsp; After testing it on ourselves, it can remove scars&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2 hours and regenerate skin in 12 hours." To achieve a fairer complexion, dilute the&nbsp;&nbsp; paste with warm water to form a fine paste,&nbsp; apply evenly to the skin, and after two days,&nbsp;&nbsp; your skin will noticeably become fairer. Xiao Qiang nodded in admiration, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; launched into another round of flowery praise. These old doctors were easily swayed by this,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they were all quite pleased with themselves. The drug has been produced, but to mass-produce&nbsp; it, it still needs to be reviewed and approved by&nbsp;&nbsp; the drug regulatory authority. The routine drug&nbsp; review process often takes at least six months,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a major headache for Xiao Qiang. Suddenly, an idea struck him, and he remembered&nbsp;&nbsp; Xu Chunxiang and Lin Haiyuan, two renowned&nbsp; traditional Chinese medicine masters he had met&nbsp;&nbsp; a few days earlier when he was treating Okchin. So he immediately called the two of them and then&nbsp;&nbsp; took a taxi to the Xu Family Traditional&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Clinic in Yanjing.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, you've taken the initiative to contact&nbsp; us two old men. What advice do you have for us?"&nbsp; Xu Chunxiang and Lin Haiyuan asked jokingly. "Gentlemen, please stop teasing the young man.&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiaoqiang has come to ask you for a favor." Xu Chunxiang and Lin Haiyuan exchanged&nbsp;&nbsp; a glance, and saw a glint of&nbsp; shrewdness in each other's eyes.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, tell me, what do you&nbsp; need our help with, you two old men?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang took out the two pills and the Ice&nbsp; Skin Jade Cream that he was carrying with him.&nbsp; "These are two miraculous drugs I developed." A product called Shenyang Kangtai Pills,&nbsp;&nbsp; made entirely of traditional Chinese medicine,..." Xiao Qiang relayed Bian Que's words verbatim&nbsp;&nbsp; to the two men, following his own account. "This one is called Ice Skin Jade Cream..."&nbsp; "I am a novice, but I have just set up a&nbsp; traditional Chinese medicine pharmaceutical&nbsp;&nbsp; company and want to produce these two drugs.&nbsp; I'd like to see if you two gentlemen have any&nbsp;&nbsp; connections in the drug regulatory&nbsp; bureau and if you can expedite the&nbsp;&nbsp; drug review process. I want to bring these&nbsp; two drugs to market as soon as possible."&nbsp; After listening to Xiao Qiang's introduction,&nbsp; the two masters of traditional Chinese medicine&nbsp;&nbsp; were so shocked that they could have&nbsp; stuffed two eggs into their mouths.&nbsp; In just a few days, this student from&nbsp; Yenching University has already established a&nbsp;&nbsp; pharmaceutical company and developed two products. If the medicine is as miraculous as Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang described, then the commercial&nbsp; value of this place is immeasurable.&nbsp; But then I thought that this kid even knew&nbsp; the lost Thirteen Ghost Needles technique,&nbsp;&nbsp; so the efficacy of these two medicines&nbsp; probably wouldn't be too bad either.&nbsp; At this moment, Lin Haiyuan spoke up: "Xiaoqiang,&nbsp; this is no problem. The director of the China Food&nbsp;&nbsp; and Drug Administration is my protégé. I can make&nbsp; him complete the drug inspection as quickly as&nbsp;&nbsp; possible, but all procedures must be compliant." Xiao Qiang nodded confidently, "No problem,&nbsp;&nbsp; I have confidence in our medicine." In front of Xiao Qiang, Lin Haiyuan&nbsp;&nbsp; made a phone call to Guo Jiangbo, the director&nbsp; of the Drug Administration Bureau. Guo Jiangbo&nbsp;&nbsp; readily agreed to his former mentor's request. "Um... Xiaoqiang, is your Shenyang Kangtai Pill&nbsp;&nbsp; really that effective? Can it make you hard as&nbsp; iron? And last for half an hour every time?"&nbsp; Don't let the drug fail to meet&nbsp; the standards during the drug&nbsp;&nbsp; inspection by the drug regulatory authority. You heard me too, I just gave Xiao Guozi my&nbsp;&nbsp; assurance, don't make this old man look bad... As soon as Lin Haiyuan finished speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xu Chunxiang chimed in,&nbsp; "That's right, that's right..."&nbsp; "Well......" "How about this, you two old gentlemen,&nbsp;&nbsp; try these two pills when you get back. I guarantee&nbsp; you'll be young again and regain your virility!"&nbsp; "Cough cough...cough cough" "Then we won't stand on ceremony..." Chapter 67 The Carnival is About to Begin The two old men happily put the two pills away,&nbsp;&nbsp; afraid that Xiao Qiang might change his mind. Seeing their reactions, Xiao Qiang finally&nbsp;&nbsp; realized, "Damn it, I've been&nbsp; tricked by these two old men."&nbsp; "Still acting like someone who's old at heart?" The next day, accompanied by Fu Hao, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; took the remaining Shenyang Kangtai Pills and&nbsp; Bingji Yufu Ointment to the Drug Administration&nbsp;&nbsp; Bureau and found Director Guo. With Lin Haiyuan paving the way,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and his companion handled their&nbsp; business with exceptional ease. After handing&nbsp;&nbsp; over the indications, pathologies, and&nbsp; expected efficacy of the two herbs to the&nbsp;&nbsp; monitoring personnel, they left first. According to Director Guo's feedback,&nbsp;&nbsp; under expedited circumstances, the clinical trial&nbsp; results should be available in about half a month.&nbsp;&nbsp; If the clinical trial results are consistent&nbsp; with the expected efficacy and comply with the&nbsp;&nbsp; relevant pharmacological regulations of the State&nbsp; Drug Administration, then the drug production&nbsp;&nbsp; licenses for these two drugs can be issued. This timeframe is extremely short; normally,&nbsp;&nbsp; the time it takes for a drug to be approved&nbsp; for market launch is measured in years.&nbsp; Inside Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Pharmaceutical Company. The seven-member team of legendary healers&nbsp;&nbsp; have completed their costume changes&nbsp; and now look almost identical to&nbsp;&nbsp; modern Chinese medicine practitioners. At least when you walk down the street,&nbsp;&nbsp; people will no longer think you&nbsp; came from a mental hospital.&nbsp; The seven-person group was driven between&nbsp; the pharmaceutical factory and the Summer&nbsp;&nbsp; Palace Villa by their assistants every day. Inside the pharmaceutical factory's conference&nbsp;&nbsp; room, Xiao Qiang presided over the first general&nbsp; meeting of all employees of Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Hall, chaired by Fu Hao. Fu Hao, sitting in the main seat,&nbsp;&nbsp; was trembling with fear, glancing at Xiao Qiang&nbsp; from time to time for help, but was ignored.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang couldn't possibly drag himself&nbsp; into this small pharmaceutical factory.&nbsp; Therefore, he seized every opportunity to&nbsp; train Fu Hao, Dong Mingxing, and Niu Bi.&nbsp; "...I won't go into too much detail, but our&nbsp; Huaxia TCM Clinic's first two products are&nbsp;&nbsp; expected to receive their drug production&nbsp; licenses after the National Day holiday."&nbsp; Whether we can successfully open up&nbsp; the market at that time will depend&nbsp;&nbsp; on the elites in the sales department. In addition, colleagues in the purchasing&nbsp;&nbsp; and production departments will begin formal&nbsp; production tomorrow, following the training&nbsp;&nbsp; they have received over the past few days,&nbsp; and will ensure sufficient product reserves.&nbsp; ..." After the meeting,&nbsp; "Hey guys, how was our plan?" As soon as the meeting ended, Fu Hao stopped Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang and the other two and asked them questions. "Not bad, it's already showing some promise..."&nbsp; "General Manager Fu is awesome..." "Hey guys, the professional managers training&nbsp; instructors from Qiangsheng Investment are&nbsp;&nbsp; coming to our pharmaceutical factory tonight&nbsp; to start a month-long training program."&nbsp; "Ugh... I still have to do training.&nbsp; I'm already exhausted from the day,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I still have to attend classes at night?" "Yeah, starting a business is so tiring..."&nbsp; The three of them immediately&nbsp; started complaining endlessly.&nbsp; "Imagine the luxury cars and mansions you'll&nbsp; have after succeeding in your business,&nbsp;&nbsp; and all sorts of glamorous women—you can&nbsp; do whatever you want, however you want..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang then began to&nbsp; bewitch the three of them again.&nbsp; It must be said that Xiao Qiang&nbsp; understands the three of them very well.&nbsp; The three of them were instantly aroused&nbsp; and started howling like little wolf dogs.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang hurriedly returned to the Yihe&nbsp; Villa, because as the first experimenter of&nbsp;&nbsp; Shenyang Kangtai Pill, he couldn't wait&nbsp; to personally experience its effects.&nbsp; In Villa No. 6, within a&nbsp; space of 800 square meters.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang verified that the drug's efficacy&nbsp; was much stronger than he had expected. He&nbsp;&nbsp; could imagine how satisfied customers would&nbsp; be after their first use, and naturally,&nbsp;&nbsp; the repurchase rate would be very high. With nothing to do, he arrived at the villa&nbsp;&nbsp; where the trading department was located at 7 p.m. Everyone is having "breakfast" because M shares&nbsp;&nbsp; are traded from 9:30 p.m. to 4:00 a.m. China time. Therefore, the work schedule of these M-share&nbsp;&nbsp; traders is completely the&nbsp; opposite of that of others.&nbsp; They are served by five-star chefs and other&nbsp; support staff who follow the same work schedule.&nbsp; "Oh, everyone's eating?" Upon seeing Xiao Qiang enter, Li Le,&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhang Kun, and the others put&nbsp; down their braised abalone rice.&nbsp; "Don't get up, sit down and talk." "Li Le, Zhang Kun, how have you been&nbsp;&nbsp; these past few days? Today is the 25th,&nbsp; and the 28th is just around the corner."&nbsp; Li Le glanced at Zhang Kun and gave him a&nbsp; look. Zhang Kun then said, "President Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; after the M-share market closed yesterday, the&nbsp; Federal Reserve once again released a market&nbsp;&nbsp; rescue policy, and the力度 (intensity/strength)&nbsp; is very large. Various securities firms&nbsp;&nbsp; and institutions are optimistic that the&nbsp; M-share market will usher in a big rebound."&nbsp; If all goes well, our short selling tonight&nbsp; will go exceptionally smoothly. Optimistically,&nbsp;&nbsp; we should be able to sell&nbsp; the final $2 billion tonight.&nbsp; "Well done." Xiao Qiang shouted excitedly.&nbsp; "Everyone, please enjoy your meal. If there's&nbsp; anything you need to add or improve, Li Le,&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhang Kun, the four of you should&nbsp; let me know as soon as possible."&nbsp; Li Le said helplessly, "President Xiao,&nbsp; what other requirements do we have now?&nbsp;&nbsp; Three meals a day, with top-quality&nbsp; ingredients from around the world."&nbsp; Italian Alba white truffle, Ellang Emmas Caviar,&nbsp; Yubari King melon and Wagyu beef&nbsp; steak from the Orient region.&nbsp; Château Lafite Rothschild red wine, We eat it as a regular meal.&nbsp; Not to mention Boston lobster, Australian lobster,&nbsp; Alaskan king crab, and Australian emperor crab,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're almost sick of them. Mr. Xiao, haven't you&nbsp;&nbsp; noticed? All of us have gained weight. And after a hearty meal, everyone received&nbsp;&nbsp; massages from beautiful masseuses from all over&nbsp; China; they were so full they could barely move.&nbsp; Looking at Li Le's expression, which was a&nbsp; mix of enjoyment and pain, Xiao Qiang said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Alright, starting tomorrow, have a five-star&nbsp; chef prepare wild vegetables for everyone..."&nbsp; Upon hearing Xiao Qiang's words,&nbsp; everyone cheered with joy!&nbsp; They exclaimed how brilliant the boss was! Everything is proceeding smoothly! On the trading floor, they successfully&nbsp;&nbsp; spent their last dollar on&nbsp; the evening of September 25th.&nbsp; Due to the Fed's strong stimulus, the three&nbsp; major M-share indices rose by an average&nbsp;&nbsp; of 2% between the 26th and 27th, which&nbsp; not only wiped out the 3% short-selling&nbsp;&nbsp; profits of the previous days, but also caused&nbsp; Qiangsheng Investment's account to lose 5%.&nbsp; It's important to know that Xiao&nbsp; Qiang is currently shorting with&nbsp;&nbsp; 10x leverage. If the loss exceeds 10%, he&nbsp; will be forced to liquidate his position.&nbsp; He would then face the risk of&nbsp; losing all of his $8.5 billion.&nbsp; However, these measures by the Fed were&nbsp; all within Xiao Qiang's expectations,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he was not surprised by such fluctuations. The four top traders in the trading department,&nbsp;&nbsp; despite their high regard for Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; previous accurate predictions, were still&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely nervous upon seeing such a decline. Xiao Qiang calmly told them to prepare&nbsp;&nbsp; themselves mentally and physically for&nbsp; the upcoming thunderous celebration. Chapter 68 The Bewildered Dean On the evening of the 28th, after&nbsp;&nbsp; the M-shares opened, they maintained the trend&nbsp; of the previous two days, fluctuating upwards.&nbsp; But during trading hours, Rayman Brothers, the&nbsp; world's fourth-largest investment bank with 158&nbsp;&nbsp; years of history, suddenly declared bankruptcy. This instantly triggered immense fear in the&nbsp;&nbsp; market, quickly creating a chain&nbsp; reaction in the secondary market.&nbsp; The Nasdaq and S&P 500 indexes fell by 7% within&nbsp; 15 minutes, triggering a Level 1 circuit breaker.&nbsp; The two major indices closed down 8% and&nbsp; 11% respectively that day, demonstrating&nbsp;&nbsp; the ferocity of the capital outflow. When they saw the M-shares plummet,&nbsp;&nbsp; cheers erupted for a long time in the&nbsp; trading department of Qiangsheng Investment.&nbsp; Li Le: "President Xiao is simply&nbsp; a god in the secondary market..."&nbsp; Zhang Kun: "Dad Xiao, you're awesome..." The entire trading department was utterly&nbsp;&nbsp; impressed by Xiao Qiang's precise&nbsp; and large-scale short selling.&nbsp; Li Le: "If anyone ever questions&nbsp; CEO Xiao's trading strategy again,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll fight them to the death..." By the close of trading, Qiangsheng&nbsp;&nbsp; Investment's short-selling account&nbsp; had yielded an overall return of 9.5%.&nbsp; It reached an astonishing $8.05 billion. With this 10x leverage, Xiao Qiang's principal&nbsp;&nbsp; almost doubled overnight. It reached $16.05 billion.&nbsp; Meanwhile, Xiao Qiang himself was peacefully&nbsp; asleep, holding Li Muyao in his arms.&nbsp; The next day! After the sun was high&nbsp;&nbsp; in the sky and Xiao Qiang felt refreshed, he&nbsp; leisurely arrived at the trading department.&nbsp; At this moment, the traders were enjoying steamed&nbsp; buns with wild vegetables and drinking fragrant&nbsp;&nbsp; millet porridge in the staff canteen. "Li Le, how many percentage points&nbsp;&nbsp; did you make last night?" Xiao Qiang asked naturally.&nbsp; Everyone stared at Xiao Qiang as if he were&nbsp; a monster. "Mr. Xiao, did you foresee this&nbsp;&nbsp; calamity for the M-shares?" Li Le's eyes were filled with&nbsp;&nbsp; admiration at this moment. "Of course, your boss knows&nbsp;&nbsp; five hundred years into the past and five hundred&nbsp; years into the future, this is nothing to him."&nbsp; Everyone burst into laughter again, taking&nbsp; it as a joke the boss was playing on them.&nbsp; Knowing that he could see back five&nbsp; hundred years, Xiao Qiang actually did.&nbsp; The claim of knowing five hundred&nbsp; years later is an exaggeration,&nbsp;&nbsp; but Xiao Qiang was aware of many events&nbsp; that occurred within the following 16 years.&nbsp; After chatting briefly with everyone, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang returned to his villa and sat at his&nbsp;&nbsp; desk, thinking about the next steps. After this wave of shorting M-shares,&nbsp;&nbsp; my principal will reach the level&nbsp; of hundreds of billions of RMB.&nbsp; It has the conditions to establish&nbsp; a presence in the pharmaceutical and&nbsp;&nbsp; high-end machinery manufacturing sectors. At that moment, QQ on Xiao Qiang's computer&nbsp;&nbsp; started popping up happily. When he opened the dialog box,&nbsp;&nbsp; it was exactly as he had expected. It's Liu Qingyuan.&nbsp; In the latest ranking of Yanda University's&nbsp; most beautiful girls, Liu Qingyuan defeated&nbsp;&nbsp; Qin Zhaoyue, who had held the top spot&nbsp; for two years, and took the top spot.&nbsp; Qin Zhaoyue came in second. "Xiao Qiang, all four of you in&nbsp;&nbsp; your dorm were called out by our class&nbsp; teacher, Mr. Liu, today. Mr. Liu will&nbsp;&nbsp; probably contact you soon, so be careful!" "Thank you so much, campus belle Liu,&nbsp;&nbsp; for tipping me off! Words cannot express my&nbsp; gratitude; I can only repay you with my body..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was not angry at&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's frivolous words.&nbsp; Through her time with Xiao Qiang, she&nbsp; discovered a significant discrepancy between his&nbsp;&nbsp; character and his seemingly frivolous demeanor. Liu Qingyuan, who was in class, smiled slightly,&nbsp;&nbsp; her slender fingers dancing nimbly on her&nbsp; phone. "You're just being cheeky. But speaking&nbsp;&nbsp; of which, how's your startup going?" "Everything is progressing smoothly."&nbsp; What they talked&nbsp;&nbsp; about afterwards is unknown, but judging from Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan's expression of suppressing laughter,&nbsp;&nbsp; it can be concluded that she must have been&nbsp; infected by Xiao Qiang's interesting soul.&nbsp; Sure enough, half an hour later, the&nbsp; homeroom teacher, Liu Xintong, called.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, I've been hearing from various&nbsp; substitute teachers that you often skip&nbsp;&nbsp; classes. At first, I didn't believe it." I checked on them today, and it's true.&nbsp; And I heard that recently all&nbsp; four of you in your dorm have&nbsp;&nbsp; started skipping classes every single day. Have you encountered any difficulties? If so,&nbsp;&nbsp; please tell your teacher immediately, understand? Liu Xintong clearly cares about this top scorer in&nbsp;&nbsp; the national college entrance examination,&nbsp; and her concern is evident in her words.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang could naturally&nbsp; sense a deep concern from her.&nbsp; “Teacher Liu… Principal Shi knew about my&nbsp; skipping classes, and he even approved of it.”&nbsp; "What? Principal Shi knows?? And he&nbsp; even allowed you to skip class??"&nbsp; How could Liu Xintong possibly believe&nbsp; such an absurd thing as the principal&nbsp;&nbsp; agreeing to let students skip class? This is absolutely ridiculous!&nbsp; "Yes, you can call Principal Shi, and&nbsp; then you'll understand everything."&nbsp; How could Liu Xintong possibly call to verify?&nbsp; He was just a substitute teacher at the college;&nbsp;&nbsp; how could he possibly have the opportunity to&nbsp; speak directly with the head of the school?&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, do you think I'm afraid to call the&nbsp; principal, so you're saying this on purpose?"&nbsp; Liu Xintong said bluntly. "Well, Ms. Liu, please wait a moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll have Principal Shi call you&nbsp; personally, is that alright?"&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Liu Xintong burst out laughing.&nbsp; "Do you think you're the principal's grandson? You&nbsp;&nbsp; think you can just do whatever you're told?" That's the president of Yenching University,&nbsp;&nbsp; who's on the same administrative level as&nbsp; the provincial party committee leaders.&nbsp; "This Xiao Qiang used to be a pretty honest&nbsp; kid, but now he's all talk and no action."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang never expected that his few words&nbsp; would lead to such a negative evaluation of&nbsp;&nbsp; him by his homeroom teacher. "Okay, then I'll wait&nbsp;&nbsp; for the principal to call me." Liu Xintong replied somewhat displeased.&nbsp; To Liu Xintong's surprise, just two minutes&nbsp; later, the dean of the School of Economics&nbsp;&nbsp; and Management called her cell phone. "Dean Wang...is there something you need?"&nbsp; "Teacher Liu, come to my office immediately.&nbsp; Principal Shi specifically asked you&nbsp;&nbsp; to come to his office with me." "Oh...oh, I'll be right there."&nbsp; On her way to Shi Zhanbin's office, Liu Xintong&nbsp; kept wondering, "Could Principal Shi really know&nbsp;&nbsp; about Xiao Qiang skipping class...?" The two arrived at Shi Zhanbin's&nbsp;&nbsp; office with trepidation. "Hello, Principal Shi,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is Liu Xintong, an outstanding teacher&nbsp; in our School of Economics and Management."&nbsp; "Oh, Dean Wang, Teacher Liu, please have&nbsp; a seat. The reason I called you two here&nbsp;&nbsp; is to discuss the issue of Xiao Qiang, a&nbsp; student from Class 1 of the Economics and&nbsp;&nbsp; Management Department, skipping classes." Shi Zhanbin had just finished speaking&nbsp; Dean Wang became restless; was this a sign&nbsp; that he was about to be held accountable?&nbsp; If Principal Shi is personally concerned about the&nbsp; issue of truancy, then it must be very serious.&nbsp; Dean Wang immediately spoke up, "Principal Shi,&nbsp; rest assured, I will thoroughly investigate this&nbsp;&nbsp; student named Xiao Qiang when I get back. If&nbsp; his truancy problem is serious, I will deal&nbsp;&nbsp; with him severely and without leniency..." Upon hearing Dean Wang's impassioned speech,&nbsp;&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin was momentarily speechless. He said awkwardly, "Um... Dean Wang,&nbsp;&nbsp; please don't be so impulsive..." “Principal Shi, I will definitely&nbsp;&nbsp; strictly abide by your strict teaching&nbsp; policy and have zero tolerance for truancy.”&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin: "..." Old Wang, at least let me finish...&nbsp; "Principal Wang, please let me finish!" Shi Zhanbin deliberately showed a hint&nbsp;&nbsp; of displeasure, which startled Dean&nbsp; Wang so much that he stopped talking.&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin smiled again. "Dean Wang and Teacher Liu,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is not wrong to be strict in teaching, nor&nbsp; is it wrong to have zero tolerance for truancy."&nbsp; But shouldn't he look at everything&nbsp; from a dialectical perspective?&nbsp; Dean Wang and Liu Xintong nodded in agreement. Chapter 69 Still Vigorous in Old Age "We should treat special students and&nbsp;&nbsp; those with special requirements under&nbsp; special circumstances in a special way,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we can't use a one-size-fits-all&nbsp; approach. Am I right or wrong?"&nbsp; How could the principal be wrong?&nbsp; The two nodded in agreement.&nbsp; But Dean Wang was completely baffled&nbsp; by Shi Zhanbin's four unusual points.&nbsp; Who is the special student? Xiao Qiang? What are special circumstances?&nbsp;&nbsp; Special requirements? After being enlightened by Xiao Qiang, Liu Xintong&nbsp;&nbsp; easily grasped the essence of Shi Zhanbin's words. "Dean Wang, you should know what to do next,&nbsp;&nbsp; right..." "Uh...I..."&nbsp; Dean Wang was still confused. Couldn't&nbsp; we just say what instructions we&nbsp;&nbsp; were given? Why did we have to guess? So he looked to Liu Xintong for help.&nbsp; Liu Xintong cleared her throat. "Principal Shi,&nbsp; let me share my thoughts. Xiao Qiang is skipping&nbsp;&nbsp; class because he has some important matters&nbsp; to attend to, so we should be understanding."&nbsp; Dean Wang was taken aback!&nbsp; Is this a valid approach? This completely&nbsp; contradicts the school's rules and regulations!&nbsp;&nbsp; Isn't this tantamount to covering up wrongdoing? But he still nodded mechanically, "Yes, yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; our college fully respects the opinions&nbsp; of front-line substitute teachers."&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin nodded in satisfaction. "Not&nbsp; bad. This young teacher Liu has a high&nbsp;&nbsp; level of awareness. Dean Wang, you must&nbsp; give her special attention and training."&nbsp; Dean Wang:&nbsp;&nbsp; "So Principal Shi was just trying to exonerate&nbsp; this student after all that convoluted talk?"&nbsp; "Furthermore, what is the goal of students&nbsp; going to school? It is to better adapt to&nbsp;&nbsp; the needs of society after entering it in&nbsp; the future and to create value for society."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and his three roommates are currently&nbsp; working on a campus entrepreneurship project,&nbsp;&nbsp; which will definitely have some&nbsp; impact on their studies. You should&nbsp;&nbsp; give them your full understanding. If they succeed in their business,&nbsp;&nbsp; it will bring honor to your college&nbsp; and our school, don't you think?&nbsp; Therefore, if the four students encounter&nbsp; any difficulties in the subsequent exams,&nbsp;&nbsp; your college and the instructors should&nbsp; offer their understanding and support.&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin spoke very cryptically,&nbsp; naturally not telling the two of them&nbsp;&nbsp; in plain language that if those four students&nbsp; failed the exam, they should help them cheat.&nbsp; The two of them naturally understood&nbsp; the implication, and in their shock,&nbsp;&nbsp; they quickly nodded in agreement. After leaving the principal's office,&nbsp; Dean Wang immediately called each of&nbsp;&nbsp; the substitute teachers in the Economics and&nbsp; Management Class 1 to give them instructions.&nbsp; Although the teachers were puzzled by&nbsp; this arrangement, they all expressed&nbsp;&nbsp; their determination to carry it out. Liu Xintong returned to her office,&nbsp;&nbsp; full of suspicion. Who exactly is this Xiao Qiang that even the&nbsp;&nbsp; principal personally came out to cover for him? Most importantly, less than a month into their&nbsp;&nbsp; freshman year, the four of them in the&nbsp; dorm actually started their own business?&nbsp; It seems the students in my&nbsp; class are quite something!&nbsp; who was the main person in question, was taken&nbsp; away by Lin Hao to find He Lida and Ji Yuming.&nbsp; The last World Military Games made&nbsp; Lin Hao and his two companions hold&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang in the highest esteem. Inside an unnamed private restaurant.&nbsp; The four of them drank and chatted&nbsp; happily, having a great time.&nbsp; "Haozi, it's almost October 1st, any&nbsp; plans? My dad gave me a 10-day holiday."&nbsp; He Lida said excitedly. "Yeah, I'm so bored in Yanjing,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm practically rolling on the floor." Xiao Ji echoed this.&nbsp; "During the National Day Golden Week,&nbsp; hundreds of millions of people migrate&nbsp;&nbsp; across the country. Are you sure you want&nbsp; to take advantage of this excitement?"&nbsp; What if we get stuck in traffic? Lin Hao said with concern.&nbsp; "How about I borrow my dad's private jet?&nbsp; That way we won't get stuck in traffic."&nbsp; He Lida immediately said.&nbsp; "A big dog..."&nbsp; "So what if you have a private&nbsp; plane? Can you contact the scenic&nbsp;&nbsp; area and get them a temporary helipad?" Xiao Ji immediately retorted sarcastically.&nbsp; "What should we do then? This&nbsp; won't work, that won't work?"&nbsp; Does that mean I have to work overtime? My god,&nbsp; just thinking about it makes me want to scream.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, do you have any good ideas?" Lin Hao turned to ask Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; "There are indeed too many people during&nbsp; the National Day holiday in China,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I don't recommend joining the crowds." How about we go abroad and take a&nbsp;&nbsp; 10-day trip to the Aegean Sea? Cruise on the world's top luxury&nbsp;&nbsp; cruise ship, Europa, in the Aegean Sea,&nbsp; and watch stunning European women in sexy&nbsp;&nbsp; bikinis; it's also said that many wealthy&nbsp; socialites and celebrities are on board.&nbsp; "Hey, Dazi, what's with the drooling?" Lin Hao suddenly spoke up.&nbsp; "Uh? No, no, the food smells&nbsp; so good, I'm hungry..."&nbsp; Everyone cast disdainful glances at Dazi. "Dazi, Xiaoji, do you have any objections&nbsp;&nbsp; to going to the Aegean Sea?" "I don't have any objections,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the problem is my passport has expired..." Dazi said with difficulty.&nbsp; "Leave the passport problem to me. I'll take&nbsp; care of it now and it'll be done in an hour."&nbsp; "Brother Hao is awesome..." Xiao Qiang didn't have a&nbsp;&nbsp; passport at all, but he knew that&nbsp; with the power of the three of them,&nbsp;&nbsp; they couldn't possibly fail&nbsp; to handle such a small matter.&nbsp; "Then we'll give the first-class&nbsp; ticket to Xila to that rich dog, Dazi."&nbsp; Lin Hao was ruthless when it&nbsp; came to dealing with Da Zi.&nbsp; "No problem, leave it to me. Send me your&nbsp; ID number. I just checked, and there's a&nbsp;&nbsp; direct flight to Athens at 7 pm tonight. Let's go&nbsp; right away and leave tonight. Is that alright?"&nbsp; "no problem!" All three agreed.&nbsp; After lunch, the four of them went&nbsp; back to pack their luggage and agreed&nbsp;&nbsp; to meet at the airport at 5 p.m. Xiao Qiang originally planned to&nbsp;&nbsp; take Li Muyao with him, but Li Muyao said that&nbsp; during the National Day holiday she would be&nbsp;&nbsp; inspecting Qiangsheng Real Estate's projects in&nbsp; various places and meeting with bank presidents&nbsp;&nbsp; in several second-tier cities to prepare for&nbsp; the establishment of Qiangsheng Real Estate.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang had no other&nbsp; choice but to deal with this.&nbsp; As Xiao Qiang was tidying up at the Summer&nbsp; Palace Villa, his phone rang urgently.&nbsp; "Mr. Lin? Is there something you need from me?" "Um... Xiaoqiang, I've already used the Shenyang&nbsp;&nbsp; Kangtai Pills you gave me!" "How's the effect, Mr. Lin?"&nbsp; "Wow...that's absolutely amazing! Oh,&nbsp; right, do you have any left? I'll stock up!"&nbsp; "Well…" Xiao Qiang was speechless.&nbsp;&nbsp; Was this a complete resurgence of his youth? "Yes... I'll have someone send some over to you!"&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan laughed so hard&nbsp; he was shaking with joy.&nbsp; "Thank you so much..." Lin Haiyuan is over 60&nbsp;&nbsp; years old and has not had marital relations for&nbsp; five or six years. He took this medicine with a&nbsp;&nbsp; try-it-out attitude, but he never expected that&nbsp; on the second day after taking the medicine...&nbsp; He suddenly discovered that&nbsp; his male instincts, which had&nbsp;&nbsp; disappeared for thirty years, had reappeared. The key point is that it is also very powerful.&nbsp; Then he woke up his beautiful wife, who was 10&nbsp; years younger than him, who was still asleep.&nbsp; Then he whispered something in his wife's&nbsp; ear, and she blushed with embarrassment&nbsp;&nbsp; after hearing what he said. Twenty minutes later, Old Lin&nbsp;&nbsp; lay there contentedly, his beautiful wife&nbsp; in his arms, her face flushed with shyness,&nbsp;&nbsp; a look of satisfaction on his face. They even praised him for&nbsp;&nbsp; being vigorous despite his age. This gave Lao Lin a great sense of satisfaction.&nbsp; That's how the scene of asking&nbsp; Xiao Qiang for medicine came about. Chapter 70 Shenyang Kangtai Pill Not long after, Xu Chunxiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; as if he had discussed it with Lin Haiyuan,&nbsp; also came to ask Xiao Qiang for medicine.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, of course, was&nbsp; not stingy and readily agreed.&nbsp; But I also made a small request to&nbsp; the two of them: that they send a&nbsp;&nbsp; trial-size pill to a friend at their level. Having witnessed the incredible effects of&nbsp;&nbsp; the medicine, the two men naturally didn't&nbsp; mind recommending it to their colleagues,&nbsp;&nbsp; and even developed the idea of currying&nbsp; favor with those who had contributed.&nbsp; Under Xiao Qiang's arrangement, Fu&nbsp; Hao personally delivered 10 pills of&nbsp;&nbsp; Shenyang Kangtai Pills, each packaged in&nbsp; an exquisite wooden box, to the two men.&nbsp; When the two saw so many miraculous&nbsp; medicines, their eyes lit up.&nbsp; As a medical expert dedicated to&nbsp; serving high-ranking officials,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan immediately brought two boxes&nbsp; of Shenyang Kangtai Pills to the health&nbsp;&nbsp; center. One of the officials would receive Lin&nbsp; Haiyuan's care and check-up here every afternoon.&nbsp; "Old Lin, you look so energetic&nbsp; today! Did you come up with&nbsp;&nbsp; something new and eat it yourself first?" The usually stern and imposing leader was now&nbsp;&nbsp; cracking a joke, a rare occurrence for him. "Commander...you're half right. I did take&nbsp;&nbsp; a miraculous medicine, and its effects were&nbsp; extremely unique, but I didn't develop it."&nbsp; The commander raised an eyebrow. "Oh? A&nbsp; miracle drug? What are its unique effects?"&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan did not speak, but went straight to&nbsp; the leader and whispered something in his ear.&nbsp; The leader's smile widened as he listened.&nbsp; "Is it really as miraculous as you say?"&nbsp; "Sir, I have personally tested the medicine." The leader nodded. "Which company developed this?"&nbsp; "Sir, the person who developed it is called Xiao&nbsp; Qiang. He's the same guy who pulled Senator Okchin&nbsp;&nbsp; from the brink of death a few days ago." "That freshman from Peking University!?"&nbsp; "The commander has a good&nbsp; memory. Yes, that's him."&nbsp; The leader nodded slightly. "So...&nbsp; what's the current production capacity&nbsp;&nbsp; of this drug? Has it been launched yet?" "Sir, this drug is undergoing clinical&nbsp;&nbsp; trials at the drug regulatory authority, which&nbsp; may take some time. I volunteered to be the&nbsp;&nbsp; first clinical trial participant precisely&nbsp; because of my absolute trust in Xiao Qiang."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, the leader frowned.&nbsp; "There haven't been any clinical&nbsp;&nbsp; trials yet. Could there be any risks?" Lin Haiyuan immediately replied, "Sir,&nbsp;&nbsp; I guarantee with my 40 years of medical experience&nbsp; that there will be absolutely no side effects."&nbsp; Seeing Lin Haiyuan's confident expression,&nbsp; the leader's furrowed brows finally relaxed.&nbsp; "Commander, these are the two that kid gave&nbsp; me last time, and I still have one left."&nbsp; I brought it today; would you please&nbsp; take a look and give it your approval?&nbsp; He then took out the box and opened it.&nbsp; The leader looked at the antique-looking&nbsp; wooden box, inside which lay a black pill.&nbsp; A thought crossed my mind. "Hmm... then I'll take a look at it for&nbsp;&nbsp; you. If it's really as you say, I'll talk to the&nbsp; drug administration and get the drug on the market&nbsp;&nbsp; as soon as possible to benefit the people." "Then I'll have to trouble you, sir!"&nbsp; He then handed the box to the leader. Xu Chunxiang also sent one to the leader&nbsp;&nbsp; he was in charge of. Inside the airport, four people with their&nbsp; luggage are preparing to board the plane.&nbsp; "Hey...hey guys, look over&nbsp; there...isn't that Sister Luo?"&nbsp; Suddenly, Xiao Ji exclaimed as if&nbsp; she had seen something ominous.&nbsp; Everyone looked in the&nbsp; direction Xiao Ji was pointing.&nbsp; He Lida: "Wow, it really is... Could&nbsp; she have been on this flight too...?"&nbsp; Lin Hao: "Nonsense, this is the only flight taking&nbsp;&nbsp; off right now... Why would she come&nbsp; here if it weren't for this flight..."&nbsp; When Xiao Qiang saw the person&nbsp; who had arrived, his eyes lit up.&nbsp; During the few days we spent together&nbsp; last time, our relationship grew closer,&nbsp;&nbsp; and there was even a hint of romance between us. Su Xinluo obviously saw the four of them as well,&nbsp;&nbsp; and when she saw that Xiao Qiang was&nbsp; also there, she quickened her pace.&nbsp; "Xiao Ji, Da Zi, are you afraid I'll eat&nbsp; you two or what? You think I can't see&nbsp;&nbsp; you if you hide in the back?" Su Xinluo approached the four&nbsp;&nbsp; people and spoke leisurely, but her&nbsp; eyes secretly glanced at Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; "They are a typical case of being terrified&nbsp; of you and developing psychological trauma."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang spoke first, which helped&nbsp; the two out of the predicament.&nbsp; Su Xinluo was taken aback, staring&nbsp; at Xiao Qiang, "Am I that fierce?"&nbsp; His tone was seven parts resentment&nbsp; and three parts dissatisfaction.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang simply smiled&nbsp; slightly and remained silent.&nbsp; "Sister Luo, are you also going to Athens?" Lin Hao also stepped forward and quickly&nbsp;&nbsp; changed the subject. "Yeah, you guys too?"&nbsp; "Yes, we're going to the Aegean Sea for a trip..." "What a coincidence, now you have company!"&nbsp; Since boarding&nbsp;&nbsp; had already begun, the group exchanged a&nbsp; few brief pleasantries before boarding.&nbsp; The flight to Athens had a total of 6 first-class&nbsp; seats, and their group occupied 5 of them.&nbsp; Unfortunately, Xiao Qiang and Su Xinluo&nbsp; were in a double cabin, meaning their&nbsp;&nbsp; beds were separated by a movable partition. Shortly after the plane took off, the beautiful&nbsp;&nbsp; flight attendant served a sumptuous dinner. After everyone had enjoyed the meal,&nbsp;&nbsp; they started watching television in the cabin. Xiao Qiang lay on the bed and closed his eyes&nbsp;&nbsp; to rest. He was feeling a little&nbsp; tired from personally handling&nbsp;&nbsp; the pharmaceutical company's affairs and his&nbsp; several battles with Li Muyao in recent days.&nbsp; By 10 p.m., the first-class cabin&nbsp; had gradually fallen silent.&nbsp; The lights in each cabin were also&nbsp; turned off, with only a faint warm&nbsp;&nbsp; light remaining on in the corridor. This flight will take 11 hours,&nbsp;&nbsp; so it's important to rest and recharge. Just then, Xiao Qiang, who was just&nbsp;&nbsp; starting to feel drowsy, suddenly heard&nbsp; three loud thuds from the partition wall.&nbsp; Then a very faint voice was heard:&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang? Are you asleep?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang listened carefully two or three&nbsp; times to make sure he wasn't hallucinating.&nbsp; "Xinluo?" He also tried to respond&nbsp;&nbsp; by pointing at the partition. "Okay, look at QQ."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang immediately took out his phone and&nbsp; saw the little penguin jumping around happily.&nbsp; "What's wrong, Xinluo? Is something the matter?"&nbsp; Su Xinluo immediately replied, "How's&nbsp; that thing you promised me last time?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang: "It's already been developed. I've&nbsp; been too busy lately, and I was going to give it&nbsp;&nbsp; to you after the National Day holiday." Su Xinluo: Really?&nbsp; Xiao Qiang: "Of course it's true." Su Xinlu was overjoyed and eagerly&nbsp;&nbsp; anticipated seeing herself with all&nbsp; her scars gone after National Day.&nbsp; Do you think I'm fierce? Su Xinlu asked this question.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was at a loss for words when faced&nbsp; with this potentially disastrous question.&nbsp; After some thought, I realized, "Perhaps in their&nbsp; eyes, all you know is fighting and killing, which&nbsp;&nbsp; is completely different from the traditional image&nbsp; of a gentle and virtuous woman they envision."&nbsp; Typing is so tiring! After Xiao Qiang sent&nbsp;&nbsp; this message, the other party actually&nbsp; stopped responding and didn't reply.&nbsp; "You're not angry anymore, are you?" Just as he was about to say something apologetic,&nbsp; the little penguin started jumping again.&nbsp; "Typing and chatting is indeed tiring, so how&nbsp; about... we tear down the wall between us?"&nbsp; So Su Xinluo wasn't replying earlier&nbsp; because she was thinking about this issue. Chapter 71 Su Xinluo, physically&nbsp; and mentally exhausted&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was taken aback. This was&nbsp; something he had long fantasized about,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he was too embarrassed to bring it up. Unexpectedly, Su Xinluo brought it up first.&nbsp; "OK." Then, the two of them&nbsp;&nbsp; tacitly opened the partition between their two&nbsp; cabins, and then, like thieves caught in the act,&nbsp;&nbsp; tiptoed to place the partition on the ground. When the two saw each other, they first looked&nbsp;&nbsp; at each other and then smiled at one another. Looking at the beautiful scenery before him,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang thought to himself,&nbsp; "Is this a test of my willpower?"&nbsp; Su Xinluo was dressed in a red nightgown as smooth&nbsp; as silk, like a fiery rose blooming in the night.&nbsp; The vibrant colors contrasted&nbsp; sharply with her snow-white skin,&nbsp;&nbsp; making her even more charming and graceful. The neckline of the pajamas was slightly open,&nbsp;&nbsp; revealing an alluring collarbone and&nbsp; a hint of cleavage, which couldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; help but arouse fantasies. The overall cut was&nbsp; well-fitting and flattering, perfectly outlining&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Xinluo's slender waist and long legs,&nbsp; showcasing the graceful beauty of a woman.&nbsp; Seeing Xiao Qiang staring intently at&nbsp; her, Su Xinlu was extremely satisfied.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said in a low voice, "When we get&nbsp; back this time, I'll help you remove these&nbsp;&nbsp; scars, and you'll be even more perfect!" Su Xinluo immediately smiled radiantly,&nbsp;&nbsp; her breath sweet as orchids, "Am I perfect now?" The cabin, bathed in soft, dim light,&nbsp;&nbsp; created a dreamlike and hazy atmosphere,&nbsp; further enhanced by the fact that nighttime&nbsp;&nbsp; is a time when emotion trumps reason. Both Su Xinluo and Xiao Qiang seemed&nbsp;&nbsp; to have become much bolder. Under normal circumstances,&nbsp;&nbsp; a strong-willed woman like Su Xinlu would&nbsp; never ask such an ambiguous question.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang made no attempt to hide his praise&nbsp; and appreciation, saying, "Yes, it's perfect."&nbsp; Su Xinlu covered her mouth with her hand and&nbsp; laughed, her ample bosom swaying gently with her&nbsp;&nbsp; laughter, making Xiao Qiang feel a little dazed. "What, you have feelings for your older sister?&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm six years older than you!" "A woman three years older than&nbsp;&nbsp; her husband is like holding a gold brick in her&nbsp; hand; holding two bricks wouldn't be bad either!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's words elicited another&nbsp; silent laugh from Su Xinluo.&nbsp; The two lay close together and chatted for&nbsp; over an hour. Several times during this time,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang glanced at the other person and&nbsp; inadvertently caught a glimpse of fair and&nbsp;&nbsp; rosy skin through the open neckline. This made Xiao Qiang's mouth dry.&nbsp; "Go to sleep, it's getting late!&nbsp; We'll be landing in 8 hours!"&nbsp; Su Xinluo also felt a little tired. Xiao Qiang sighed inwardly,&nbsp;&nbsp; wondering if he could finally fall asleep! "Should we install this wall? I don't sleep&nbsp;&nbsp; very soundly at night!" he asked in a low voice. "No need for all that trouble, having to get&nbsp;&nbsp; up and fuss over it in the middle of&nbsp; the night. And if you're a restless&nbsp;&nbsp; sleeper, hmph, I'll kick you off the bed!" Su Xinluo's domineering demeanor left Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; speechless for a moment, unsure how to respond. At first, they were both lying on their backs.&nbsp; Four minutes later, the two suddenly turned&nbsp; around at the same time, facing each other&nbsp;&nbsp; and looking into each other's eyes. Their&nbsp; closed eyes opened again at the same moment.&nbsp; Seeing the current situation, the two&nbsp; smiled at each other, and then closed&nbsp;&nbsp; their eyes again in perfect unison. Perhaps they were truly exhausted,&nbsp;&nbsp; for the two of them fell into a deep sleep. After an unknown amount of time, Su Xinlu,&nbsp;&nbsp; who was asleep, suddenly felt a strange sensation&nbsp; of being ambushed. At first, she thought she was&nbsp;&nbsp; dreaming, but upon closer inspection, she realized&nbsp; that the strange sensation was actually real.&nbsp; Years of conditioned reflexes made her want&nbsp; to attack, but when she opened her eyes,&nbsp;&nbsp; she was stunned for a moment, and&nbsp; her cheeks instantly turned red.&nbsp; She finally understood where&nbsp; that strange feeling came from!&nbsp; Looking at Xiao Qiang, who was still asleep&nbsp; under the soft light, it turned out to be an&nbsp;&nbsp; unintentional act by the other party. In the end, she did nothing&nbsp;&nbsp; about it and took it all on her own. Fortunately, after a series of unintentional&nbsp;&nbsp; movements, the baby finally rolled over and&nbsp; turned its head to face another direction.&nbsp; After an unknown amount of time,&nbsp;&nbsp; the flight attendant's announcement came&nbsp; over the loudspeaker: in half an hour,&nbsp;&nbsp; the plane would be arriving in Athens, and&nbsp; everyone was reminded to pack their luggage.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang woke up first and stretched;&nbsp; Su Xinluo then sat up sleepily.&nbsp; "Sister Luo, did you not sleep well last night?" Seeing that Su Xinluo clearly hadn't rested well,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang couldn't help but ask her with concern. Su Xinlu glanced at Xiao Qiang with a resentful&nbsp;&nbsp; look, thinking to herself, "How can I sleep&nbsp; well when you're bothering me like this!"&nbsp; Most importantly, do you usually&nbsp; sleep while hugging a stuffed animal?&nbsp; Anyway, Su Xinluo woke up several&nbsp; times during the night, but she&nbsp;&nbsp; had no choice but to endure it each time. Su Xinlu yawned again, listlessly saying,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm a light sleeper and can't fall asleep here!" Just then, there was a knock on Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; cabin door. "Xiao Qiang, are&nbsp; you awake? We're about to land!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was about to open the hatch&nbsp; when Su Xinluo grabbed him and pointed&nbsp;&nbsp; to the isolation wall on the ground. He suddenly realized that if they saw&nbsp;&nbsp; that the barrier between him and Su Xinluo&nbsp; was gone, who knew how much imagination&nbsp;&nbsp; these morally corrupt guys would unleash. "Haozi, get up now! You guys pack your things!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang quickly tried to find a way to&nbsp; get Lin Hao, who was outside the door, away.&nbsp; After hearing Lin Hao leave, the two of them&nbsp; tiptoed and quickly installed the isolation wall.&nbsp; The group arrived in Athens&nbsp; at 6:30 a.m. local time.&nbsp; After getting off the plane, Su Xinluo&nbsp; told them that she was going to travel&nbsp;&nbsp; alone and would not be traveling with them. "Sister Luo, please be careful while you're&nbsp;&nbsp; away from home." Before parting,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang gave some special instructions. Having spent two separate nights in the same&nbsp;&nbsp; room with Su Xinluo, their relationship&nbsp; can be described as progressing rapidly.&nbsp; Su Xinlu nodded and left on her own. Watching Su Xinlu walk away, Xiao Ji&nbsp;&nbsp; said slyly, "Xiao Qiang, when are you planning&nbsp; to win over Sister Luo? That way, we brothers&nbsp;&nbsp; won't have to be bullied by her anymore..." "So... last time you two were alone in a&nbsp;&nbsp; hotel room, really nothing happened?" Lin Hao asked his question again.&nbsp; "......" "Alright, stop gossiping, nothing&nbsp;&nbsp; like that... I'd love to have something happen&nbsp; between me and a stunning beauty like Sister Luo,&nbsp;&nbsp; but one-sided feelings won't work..." Everyone burst into laughter.&nbsp; After disembarking, the four boarded a flight to&nbsp; Pyrgos, a port city in western Greece, where they&nbsp;&nbsp; would embark on a 10-day romantic Mediterranean&nbsp; cruise aboard the Mediterranean Europa.&nbsp; At 11 a.m., the four people finally landed. Looking at the beautiful, exotic women with&nbsp;&nbsp; striking features and chic outfits on the&nbsp; street, Dazi's heart pounded with excitement.&nbsp; "This Western girl's long legs, huge breasts,&nbsp; and perky butt, haha... I really love her..."&nbsp; Although the other three didn't&nbsp; say anything, their expressions,&nbsp;&nbsp; as if they wished they had five pairs of eyes,&nbsp; showed that they were also restless and eager. Chapter 72 The Casanova "Hey guys, do you have&nbsp;&nbsp; any sense of aesthetics? You only look at a&nbsp; woman's body? Don't you even look at her face?"&nbsp; At this moment, Xiao Ji said in a disdainful tone. "Hehe, Xiao Ji is an expert when it comes to&nbsp;&nbsp; aesthetics. The actresses signed by his family's&nbsp; film and entertainment company are all stunningly&nbsp;&nbsp; beautiful. He naturally wouldn't be interested&nbsp; in the kind of actresses he sees on the street."&nbsp; Lin Hao said with a smile. "We're going to board the Mediterranean&nbsp;&nbsp; Europa luxury cruise ship this afternoon.&nbsp; Don't worry, the women on board are sure to&nbsp;&nbsp; have both great figures and beautiful faces." Xiao Ji is giving everyone a serious lecture&nbsp;&nbsp; again; it seems he's had his share of experiences. Everyone gave Xiao Ji a thumbs up.&nbsp; It was still early before the afternoon boarding&nbsp; time, so the group found a very distinctive&nbsp;&nbsp; restaurant and sampled some local delicacies.&nbsp; Afterwards, they took a quick look at this&nbsp;&nbsp; charming Mediterranean seaside city. At 4 p.m., the group arrived at the&nbsp;&nbsp; pier and saw a huge white cruise ship&nbsp; quietly docked there from a distance.&nbsp; Although there was still more than an hour&nbsp; before the cruise ship was scheduled to depart,&nbsp;&nbsp; the passengers were clearly eager to get&nbsp; going and began boarding the world's top&nbsp;&nbsp; luxury cruise ship one after another. Although the Europa is not the world's&nbsp;&nbsp; largest cruise ship, with 22 decks,&nbsp; 2,600 cabins, and a maximum capacity&nbsp;&nbsp; of 5,000 passengers, it is still a behemoth. Moreover, this cruise ship has consistently&nbsp;&nbsp; ranked among the top three in the world's top&nbsp; cruise ship rankings for six consecutive years.&nbsp; Its level of luxury is evident. But Dazi and Xiaoji, who were obviously used to&nbsp;&nbsp; taking these cruises, didn't show much surprise. Xiao Qiang is different. Although he is about to&nbsp;&nbsp; become a world-class billionaire, he&nbsp; became rich too late and too hastily,&nbsp;&nbsp; and his knowledge and experience are far behind. "Damn it, after I've finished fleecing the&nbsp;&nbsp; Americans this time, I should enjoy myself.&nbsp; Otherwise, this will feel like Grandma Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; visiting the Grand View Garden." That's fucking shameful!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang made a silent vow in his heart. Where there are rich people, there will never&nbsp;&nbsp; be a shortage of beautiful women. Shortly after boarding the ship,&nbsp;&nbsp; while the group was still aimlessly strolling&nbsp; along the central avenue on the first floor...&nbsp; They were approached by several beautiful&nbsp; models who were around 175cm tall and wearing&nbsp;&nbsp; either bikinis or high-waisted swimsuits. They would come up and hand out a card&nbsp;&nbsp; similar to a life-size model card,&nbsp; with a miniature photo of the person&nbsp;&nbsp; on it... and... their contact information. Although they couldn't understand what the other&nbsp;&nbsp; person was saying, any man could tell what these&nbsp; beautiful models did just by looking at them.&nbsp; Dazi, Xiaoji, and Lin Hao accepted&nbsp; all the offers without hesitation.&nbsp; In their words, this is called accepting&nbsp; everything and patiently selecting.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang politely accepted the model&nbsp; cards, and then, after the models left,&nbsp;&nbsp; he quietly threw them into the trash can&nbsp; when the three of them weren't looking.&nbsp; Compared to the crowded passageways, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang preferred his own private passageway.&nbsp; However, when interacting with others, one&nbsp; should not be too unconventional, as this is&nbsp;&nbsp; not conducive to fitting in with others. After careful observation, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; noticed that most of the tourists&nbsp; boarding the Europa were couples.&nbsp; As for whether he brought his original&nbsp; spouse with him, that's hard to say.&nbsp; Because he saw many men in their forties&nbsp; or fifties with women in their twenties who&nbsp;&nbsp; were both beautiful and had excellent figures. There were also quite a few middle-aged women&nbsp;&nbsp; dressed in extremely rich clothes&nbsp; and with out-of-shape figures,&nbsp;&nbsp; accompanied by handsome young puppies. Of course, there are also a large number of single&nbsp;&nbsp; men and some beautiful women who are all alone. "Hey guys, I've got some good stuff for you!"&nbsp; As Dazi spoke, she took out several&nbsp; strips of small blue pills from her bag.&nbsp; Then each person received a board. Xiao Ji's eyes widened in surprise.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Da Zi is so loyal! He thinks of everyone's&nbsp; needs and prepares for everyone's needs."&nbsp; "Ha ha…" Regardless of whether&nbsp;&nbsp; they needed it or not, everyone took a board. Looking at the world's top luxury cruise ship&nbsp;&nbsp; in front of him, Xiao Qiang walked&nbsp; along the central avenue as if he had&nbsp;&nbsp; entered a commercial pedestrian street. All kinds of luxury duty-free shops,&nbsp;&nbsp; coffee shops, jewelry stores, etc. are available. Moreover, all you can see are various trees and&nbsp;&nbsp; green plants whose names you can't recall, making&nbsp; it hard to tell whether you're on land or at sea.&nbsp; Above the central avenue is a huge glass&nbsp; canopy, like a vast celestial dome.&nbsp; "Let's go back to our room and&nbsp; put our luggage down first."&nbsp; Lin Hao suggested. The four rooms are all on the&nbsp;&nbsp; 16th floor, accessible directly by elevator. Then a loud whistle rang out across the sky,&nbsp;&nbsp; signaling that the Europa was&nbsp; finally about to set sail.&nbsp; After resting in their room for half an hour,&nbsp; the four of them put on their swimsuits and went&nbsp;&nbsp; to the water park on the top of the cruise ship. The entire cruise ship has a huge infinity pool,&nbsp;&nbsp; water park and bar on the top. By this time, the top deck of the cruise ship was&nbsp;&nbsp; already filled with tourists. Beautiful women from&nbsp; all over the world, each with their own unique&nbsp;&nbsp; style, wore colorful bikinis of all kinds, making&nbsp; the atmosphere on the top deck extremely lively.&nbsp; As the sunset paints the sky and a gentle sea&nbsp; breeze blows, standing on the edge of the cruise&nbsp;&nbsp; ship and gazing into the distance, the azure sea&nbsp; appears like a giant sapphire set in the earth.&nbsp; White seagulls fly freely, sometimes swooping&nbsp; down to catch fish, while distant islands appear&nbsp;&nbsp; and disappear, creating a very peaceful scene. The sight of four single men traveling together&nbsp;&nbsp; seemed extremely out of place&nbsp; on this enormous cruise ship.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang lay on a deck chair near the edge&nbsp; of the ship, admiring the distant scenery,&nbsp;&nbsp; while Da Zi and the other two had&nbsp; already entered the infinity pool…&nbsp; He moved closer to the many single women who were&nbsp; all exceptionally beautiful and had great figures.&nbsp; Before long, when Xiao Qiang looked back at&nbsp; the other three, they were already chatting&nbsp;&nbsp; enthusiastically with three beautiful women&nbsp; of different kinds, even putting their arms&nbsp;&nbsp; around each other's shoulders and looking like&nbsp; they had known each other for a long time.&nbsp; "They're all fucking Casanovas..." Half an hour later, the huge&nbsp; crowd on the top of the cruise&nbsp;&nbsp; ship suddenly began to take the elevator down. Xiao Qiang was completely bewildered. What kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of special program was coming up next? At this moment, Dazi, Xiaoji,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the other two came to Xiao Qiang. "Xiaoqiang, this won't do. You're still single."&nbsp; Xiao Ji looked at him like he'd seen a&nbsp; ghost. "We come here to relax, right? It's&nbsp;&nbsp; so boring being so tense!" "What's the rush? It'll&nbsp;&nbsp; take a while! Take your time!" Xiao Qiang smiled and said quietly.&nbsp; A stunningly beautiful woman in her&nbsp; mid-thirties was holding Xiao Ji's arm,&nbsp;&nbsp; with an intimate expression on her face. "Xiao Ji, your hobby is certainly unusual!"&nbsp; Dazi had a teasing look on his face.&nbsp; Standing next to him was a blonde woman&nbsp;&nbsp; with an extremely hot figure! "What do you know? You're too&nbsp;&nbsp; young to appreciate mature women and&nbsp; mistake young girls for treasures."&nbsp; Mature women are so great, they know&nbsp; everything and are good at everything!&nbsp; ......” With a knowing&nbsp;&nbsp; look on his face, Xiao Ji began to impart his&nbsp; knowledge and answer questions for everyone.&nbsp; At this moment, Lin Hao, who was holding hands&nbsp; with a blonde woman, said, "Let's go, let's go&nbsp;&nbsp; down to the casino and have a look!" "There's a casino here?"&nbsp; This surprised Xiao Qiang, as there are very few&nbsp; countries in the world that are open to gambling. Chapter 73 Being Treated as a Boyfriend Then Dazi explained, "We're on the high seas now,&nbsp;&nbsp; and gambling is unrestricted on the high seas!" Xiao Qiang then nodded as if he&nbsp;&nbsp; had just realized something. Lin Hao whispered from the side,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Many of the tourists in these casinos&nbsp; are high-ranking officials or business&nbsp;&nbsp; people in special industries who are using&nbsp; gambling as a pretext to launder money."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was taken aback; he hadn't&nbsp; realized it could be done like that.&nbsp; The group then entered the casino on the 21st&nbsp; floor, which was already packed with people, but&nbsp;&nbsp; not many were actually gambling with real money. Many people came just to watch the spectacle.&nbsp; The four people exchanged some&nbsp; of their chips and then went&nbsp;&nbsp; off to find projects that interested them. Xiao Qiang first went to a slot machine and&nbsp;&nbsp; played 20 rounds with a 10-euro coin. He lost more&nbsp; than he won in those 20 rounds, but through those&nbsp;&nbsp; 20 rounds, his dual-core brain quickly figured&nbsp; out the winning pattern of this slot machine.&nbsp; So in the following games, Xiao Qiang would&nbsp; bet the smallest denomination coins in areas&nbsp;&nbsp; with low odds of winning, and then bet coins&nbsp; of 1,000 or even 2,000 denominations in areas&nbsp;&nbsp; with high odds of winning. Soon, Xiao Qiang's initial&nbsp;&nbsp; 20,000 euros in chips doubled. Wow, handsome guy, you're so&nbsp;&nbsp; amazing! Can you let me play with you? Xiao Qiang, who was focused on inserting coins,&nbsp;&nbsp; was startled by the surprised shout. The shout&nbsp; was in English, which he could understand.&nbsp; Looking back, he saw a tall, beautiful,&nbsp; and elegant woman from a foreign land&nbsp;&nbsp; staring intently at him. Xiao Qiang sized up the&nbsp;&nbsp; other person in just a moment. An impeccable face, fair skin&nbsp;&nbsp; beneath a sheer shawl, long, shapely legs,&nbsp; a 36D bust, and an incredibly sexy bikini...&nbsp; He instantly felt increased pressure&nbsp; in his nasal cavity, and liquid was&nbsp;&nbsp; about to spill from the corner of his mouth. "Uh... of course, no problem. I'd be happy to&nbsp;&nbsp; bring a beautiful woman like you along..." After making a subtle swallowing motion,&nbsp;&nbsp; he immediately replied. Under Xiao Qiang's guidance,&nbsp;&nbsp; Sumaia, who had just lost nearly 1 million&nbsp; euros, won 500,000 euros in the next half hour.&nbsp; Throughout the entire process, Xiao Qiang was&nbsp; shocked by the girl's extravagant spending;&nbsp;&nbsp; the smallest bet was 20,000 euros, and the&nbsp; largest denomination was 1 million euros.&nbsp; This made Xiao Qiang wonder, "Who the hell&nbsp; did I run into, some spendthrift rich kid?"&nbsp; After leaving the slot machine, Su&nbsp; Maya followed Xiao Qiang like a shadow.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang simply couldn't resist such a&nbsp; stunning beauty. Through communication,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang learned that the beauty's name was&nbsp; Su Maya, and she was from the Middle East,&nbsp;&nbsp; specifically the country of Sakha, and&nbsp; was an international student in England.&nbsp; As Xiao Qiang was preparing to explore other&nbsp; areas, he suddenly felt the urge to urinate.&nbsp;&nbsp; After briefly explaining the situation to Su&nbsp; Maya, he went to find the casino's restroom.&nbsp; But when Xiao Qiang came out of the&nbsp; restroom full of interest, he saw a&nbsp;&nbsp; foreign man in a suit talking to Su Maya. That's not the main issue; the real problem&nbsp;&nbsp; is that there were about a dozen burly men in&nbsp; matching black suits standing behind this guy.&nbsp; "A bunch of pretentious bastards. Aren't they&nbsp; afraid of getting heat rash in this heat?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang couldn't help but mutter to himself. He walked straight over, and at that moment&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Maya saw Xiao Qiang returning.&nbsp; Her previously tense face changed,&nbsp;&nbsp; and she came to him with a cheerful expression,&nbsp; taking Xiao Qiang's arm with one hand.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was also baffled by this&nbsp; scene. Was this guy really that charming?&nbsp; How could a stunningly beautiful&nbsp; woman be captivated by his domineering&nbsp;&nbsp; aura after only half an hour of meeting? "Jeffers, do you see this? This is my boyfriend.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I've told you so many times, I don't like&nbsp; you. You don't need to keep bothering me!"&nbsp; As Su Maya spoke, she hugged&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's arm even tighter.&nbsp; At this moment, Xiao Qiang realized that he&nbsp; had been mistaken for her boyfriend again.&nbsp; Having already experienced being Qin Zhaoyue's&nbsp; boyfriend by the Weiming Lake at Peking&nbsp;&nbsp; University, Xiao Qiang was now quite adept at it. Her eyes were full of love as she looked at&nbsp;&nbsp; Sumaia, then she looked at the pretentious man&nbsp; named Jeffers in front of her with a defiant gaze.&nbsp; "Maya, is this your boyfriend? A Chinese&nbsp; monkey? Look at his skinny frame,&nbsp;&nbsp; can he withstand this punch from me?" As he spoke, Jeffers brandished his&nbsp;&nbsp; fist at Xiao Qiang in a show of bravado. How could Xiao Qiang possibly tolerate&nbsp;&nbsp; such humiliation? No matter how many&nbsp; bodyguards you have, I'll beat you up first.&nbsp; Jeffers was about to say something when&nbsp; a punch landed squarely on his nose,&nbsp;&nbsp; followed by a kick to his stomach. Before he could even utter a shout,&nbsp;&nbsp; his body flew backward five meters, smashing&nbsp; into a group of black-clad bodyguards behind him.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's sudden move caught Jeffers off&nbsp; guard, and even Su Maya beside him was shocked.&nbsp; Didn't you see there were more than&nbsp; a dozen thugs on the other side?&nbsp; With the help of his bodyguards,&nbsp; Jeffers stood up with a pained&nbsp;&nbsp; expression on his face, babbling incoherently. Xiao Qiang didn't quite understand this time.&nbsp; Because the other person wasn't speaking English. But even a fool knows that when the master is&nbsp;&nbsp; beaten, it's time for the bodyguards to step in. Xiao Qiang had already made preparations for this.&nbsp; The other party's dozen or so&nbsp; bodyguards in black immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; surrounded him with ferocious expressions. Xiao Qiang and Su Maya were placed in&nbsp;&nbsp; a small circle with a radius of 5 meters. "You little brat, you're asking for it! Do you&nbsp;&nbsp; know who I am? You dare hit me? I'll kill you..." This time, he spoke in English.&nbsp; "Damn it, foreigners like this too?&nbsp; Putting on airs before the fight starts?"&nbsp; and then he set off again.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang took a running start, then&nbsp; suddenly leaped high into the air, his&nbsp;&nbsp; body becoming strangely parallel to the ground. In a flash, his feet kicked the chests of fifteen&nbsp;&nbsp; bodyguards, sending them all flying backward. Jeffers hadn't even finished his pretentious&nbsp;&nbsp; speech when he witnessed this bizarre scene. The fifteen bodyguards I brought were retired&nbsp;&nbsp; special forces soldiers from the US Marine&nbsp; Corps, how could they be so easily defeated?&nbsp; "You...you...you're cheating..." "My men haven't even made a move yet..."&nbsp; In a panic, Jeffers managed to utter this&nbsp; one ridiculous sentence after a long pause.&nbsp; "puff…" Sumaya, who was standing next to him, burst&nbsp;&nbsp; out laughing at the guy's nonsensical antics. At this moment, the surrounding people were&nbsp;&nbsp; also attracted by the commotion&nbsp; of the fight and gathered around.&nbsp; "Get up right now... kill this Chinese monkey!" Jeffers screamed hysterically at the&nbsp;&nbsp; bodyguards lying on the ground. The bodyguards, enduring the&nbsp;&nbsp; excruciating pain, struggled to their feet. They had all been immersed in martial arts&nbsp;&nbsp; training for many years, but they&nbsp; simply couldn't understand how a&nbsp;&nbsp; person could kick out with such power when&nbsp; they couldn't get any leverage in mid-air.&nbsp; But it's not appropriate to pretend to be dead&nbsp; when you're being paid to do something wrong.&nbsp; The bodyguard captain gave a signal to&nbsp; the group, and the fifteen bodyguards,&nbsp;&nbsp; their faces contorted with rage, charged toward&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, swinging their massive fists.&nbsp; Seeing this scene, Su Maya felt&nbsp; a chill run down her spine.&nbsp;&nbsp; She hadn't expected that her unintentional action&nbsp; would cause this Chinese man so much trouble. Chapter 74 A Different Way to Offer Discounts Sumaia had never seen such a scene&nbsp;&nbsp; before and was already terrified. But what she saw next made her jump for joy again.&nbsp; With a sweeping leg kick, Xiao Qiang knocked&nbsp; down the first four men who rushed at him.&nbsp; Then came another move, "Hungry&nbsp; Tiger Steals Heart," which instantly&nbsp;&nbsp; knocked both of them unconscious. These former Marines discovered that&nbsp;&nbsp; no matter what deadly moves they used, their&nbsp; opponents could always easily deflect them,&nbsp;&nbsp; followed by an even more ferocious counterattack. In no time, all fifteen men collapsed again,&nbsp;&nbsp; and this time, no matter how much Jeffers&nbsp; shouted, they could not get up again.&nbsp; Because Xiao Qiang had targeted their&nbsp; most vulnerable points with every move,&nbsp;&nbsp; they might not have been seriously injured,&nbsp; but they were sweating profusely from the pain.&nbsp; Compared to Jeffers' panicked and disheveled&nbsp; appearance, Sumaia stared at Xiao Qiang with&nbsp;&nbsp; starry eyes and a look of utter infatuation,&nbsp; exclaiming, "Kung Fu, Chinese Kung Fu, so cool..."&nbsp; The onlookers were also impressed by Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's superb and exaggerated combat power,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they couldn't help but sigh. Meanwhile, an unremarkable-looking&nbsp;&nbsp; person in the crowd was silently&nbsp; observing everything that was happening.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked at the people&nbsp; groaning on the ground with disdain,&nbsp;&nbsp; "So easily defeated, they're nothing..." He strolled slowly toward Jeffers, grumbling&nbsp;&nbsp; as he did so, his eyes full of mockery. "You...you stay away..."&nbsp; Jeffers looked at Xiao Qiang with the same&nbsp; fear that a mouse would have when it saw a cat.&nbsp; Is this even human? These fifteen of them were all retired special&nbsp;&nbsp; forces soldiers, all of whom had killed people,&nbsp; yet they were so easily defeated by the enemy.&nbsp; "Do you know who I am? You can't hit me, I am..." Before Jeffers could reveal his identity, Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang's hand had already slapped that fair face. "Serves you right for showing off..." *Slap*&nbsp; "Who the hell made you so handsome..." *Slap* "Let's see if you dare&nbsp;&nbsp; threaten me again..." *Slap* "So what if there are more people?" *Slap*&nbsp; Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; swung ten large slaps in a row, completely&nbsp; ruining Jeffers' previous dashing image.&nbsp; Sumaya looked at Xiao Qiang with&nbsp; admiration, "Wow, he's so handsome..."&nbsp; At this moment, Jeffers, his face&nbsp; bruised and swollen, cried and pleaded,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Stop hitting me! I... I'll never show&nbsp; off again... Please spare me, hero..."&nbsp; It seems Jeffers has watched Chinese martial arts&nbsp; movies and knows the respectful terms for masters.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang chuckled upon hearing this, then gave&nbsp; a half-hearted smile, "Fine, we won't fight,&nbsp;&nbsp; but let's talk about compensation..." "Uh... sir, no need for compensation,&nbsp;&nbsp; we deserved it..." "Damn it... Who said I was going to compensate&nbsp;&nbsp; you? You're the one who's going to compensate me." "My lost wages are compensation. If you hadn't&nbsp;&nbsp; wasted my time, I could have easily won a&nbsp; hundred or two hundred million from this casino."&nbsp; Jeffers: "..." Besides, do you think a&nbsp;&nbsp; martial arts master acts casually? The instruction&nbsp; fee, by the standards of a martial arts master,&nbsp;&nbsp; wouldn't be one or two hundred million? Jeffers: "..."&nbsp; Are Chinese people really this shameless? While Jeffers was still in shock,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang spoke up again: "By the way,&nbsp; what did you say you were again...?"&nbsp; Jeffers cursed under his breath,&nbsp; "You're only letting me speak now?"&nbsp; Although this guy is in a sorry state&nbsp; right now, he can't help but want to show&nbsp;&nbsp; off a bit when he's about to reveal his identity. He took out a comb he always carried with him and,&nbsp;&nbsp; in front of so many onlookers,&nbsp; slowly started fixing his hair.&nbsp; Seeing that Xiao Qiang was about to make&nbsp; another move, Jeffers was so frightened&nbsp;&nbsp; that he hurriedly put away the small comb.&nbsp; "My name is Jeffers, Jeffers Rothschild."&nbsp; After saying that, he looked at Xiao Qiang and the&nbsp; surrounding onlookers with an arrogant expression.&nbsp; murmurs began to circulate among the crowd. "My God, they're from the Rothschild family..."&nbsp; "That's an incredibly wealthy family, practically&nbsp; worth trillions of dollars worldwide..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang leisurely observed the&nbsp;&nbsp; bruised and swollen-faced nobleman, who now exuded&nbsp; a certain arrogance, and thought to himself,&nbsp; "The Rothschild family is the world's largest&nbsp; Jewish-Taylor family, not only incredibly wealthy,&nbsp;&nbsp; but more importantly, their Jewish-Taylor&nbsp; capital has profoundly influenced the political&nbsp;&nbsp; stance and direction of the United States." If one wants to dethrone the United States,&nbsp;&nbsp; then naturally one will have to&nbsp; contend with these powerful families.&nbsp; When Jeffers saw that Xiao Qiang looked&nbsp; thoughtful after he announced his name,&nbsp;&nbsp; he instinctively assumed that Xiao Qiang was&nbsp; intimidated by his prestigious family background.&nbsp; "You dare hit me? Believe me, my family&nbsp; will make sure you die a horrible death!"&nbsp; Jeffers, who had been trembling with fear just&nbsp; moments before, now stood up straight again,&nbsp;&nbsp; his words filled with arrogance. Xiao Qiang, however, had figured it out:&nbsp;&nbsp; no matter if you're the Rothschilds or any&nbsp; other family, I'm going to take you down.&nbsp; Having made up his mind,&nbsp; Daihito roared out once again.&nbsp; Jeffers, who was still gloating, was&nbsp; completely stunned by this sudden attack.&nbsp; You're not following the script at all!&nbsp; Shouldn't you be acting all cautious,&nbsp;&nbsp; like you're walking on thin ice, like a sycophant? The sound of the bell continued to whistle…&nbsp; "Are you still so arrogant?&nbsp; Are you still so awesome?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang cursed as he attacked from both sides. By this time, Jeffers was practically a&nbsp;&nbsp; pig's head. "Great hero,&nbsp;&nbsp; spare my life! I'll never dare to do it again..." Jeffers' pride had been completely shattered.&nbsp; "Then can we talk about compensation?" "Let's talk... Please tell me, sir...&nbsp;&nbsp; Whatever you say, we'll do..." Jeffers had completely&nbsp;&nbsp; lost his temper with Xiao Qiang. "Lost wages: 200 million; assault costs: 200&nbsp;&nbsp; million; emotional distress damages: 400 million,&nbsp; totaling 800 million. Given that you're from the&nbsp;&nbsp; Rothschild family, I'll give you a discount..." "1 billion, I guess."&nbsp; "ah?……" Jeffers' brain&nbsp;&nbsp; completely froze. Is this how you do discounts? Meanwhile, Su Maya looked at Xiao Qiang with&nbsp;&nbsp; adoration. This Chinese man was exactly&nbsp; like the prince charming in her mind.&nbsp; "What, you have a problem with that?" Xiao Qiang frowned and said to Jeffers&nbsp;&nbsp; with a displeased expression. Jeffers, fearing this guy might&nbsp;&nbsp; attack again at the slightest provocation,&nbsp; immediately flattered, "No, no objection..."&nbsp; "No objection, transfer the money quickly. My&nbsp; lost wages will be calculated at 10 million&nbsp;&nbsp; per minute." Jeffers was already cursing Xiao Qiang to the&nbsp; core in his mind. Didn't he have any shame?&nbsp;&nbsp; Why don't you keep track of time by the second? However, he dared not speak out against his anger.&nbsp; With the use of force, things&nbsp; got done quickly, and before&nbsp;&nbsp; long Xiao Qiang had received 1 billion euros. This pleased him greatly. He had originally&nbsp;&nbsp; thought that US dollars would suffice, but he&nbsp; hadn't expected this rich kid to be so honest. Chapter 75 Polygamy For the Rothschild family,&nbsp;&nbsp; money is just a number, just a tool. Even members of their own family may&nbsp;&nbsp; not know how much wealth they have! Xiao Qiang walked up to Jeffers with a&nbsp;&nbsp; cheerful expression and put his arm around&nbsp; the other's shoulder. "Xiao Jie, we're&nbsp;&nbsp; brothers now. I'm always ready to go&nbsp; to great lengths for my brothers."&nbsp; I was in a rush today and didn't bring&nbsp; any gifts, so I'm giving you a traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese medicine pill that has been&nbsp; passed down for thousands of years.&nbsp; It can turn you into an invincible war god;&nbsp; the effects are undeniable once you try it.&nbsp; As he spoke, he magically produced&nbsp; an exquisite box from his pocket and&nbsp;&nbsp; placed it in Jeffers' hand. Jeffers was flattered,&nbsp;&nbsp; but inwardly he was cursing, "Brother my ass!&nbsp; Who's your brother? You swindled me out of 1&nbsp;&nbsp; billion and all you give me is this pill." These pills are ridiculously expensive!&nbsp; Jeffers held the delicate little box in his&nbsp; hand with an awkward smile, his face showing an&nbsp;&nbsp; expression that was neither able to cry nor laugh. "Alright, Xiao Jie, I'm leaving first.&nbsp;&nbsp; We can't compare to your Luo family;&nbsp; we need to support our families."&nbsp; "Let's go!!!" Xiao Qiang took Su Maya and left on his own. Jefferson watched Xiao Qiang's departing&nbsp;&nbsp; figure and couldn't help but mutter to&nbsp; himself, "Support my family? 1 billion is&nbsp;&nbsp; enough to support an army!! How the hell&nbsp; are you going to support your family!"&nbsp; And you son of a bitch, do you even know&nbsp; what kind of family your neighbor, Sumaa,&nbsp;&nbsp; comes from? Does she need you to support her? Although 1 billion euros is nothing to him,&nbsp;&nbsp; he was really unhappy about being ripped off. Escorted by bodyguards, Jeffers returned&nbsp;&nbsp; panting to the extremely rare&nbsp; presidential suite on the cruise ship.&nbsp; Just then, a voice came from inside his&nbsp; room, "Young Master, is there some problem?"&nbsp; Suddenly, a man in his sixties&nbsp; appeared out of nowhere in the room.&nbsp; Back in his room, Jeffers was a far cry from&nbsp; the arrogant and timid person he had been in&nbsp;&nbsp; front of Xiao Qiang. He became as&nbsp; calm and still as a still pond,&nbsp;&nbsp; showing no sign of any emotional fluctuation. Jeffers took a sip of water. "Uncle Joseph,&nbsp;&nbsp; I met a remarkable person today..." Then she recounted to the middle-aged&nbsp;&nbsp; man the scene of her encounter with&nbsp; Xiao Qiang that day, word for word.&nbsp; "Oh? You can easily take down&nbsp; fifteen elite Marines with your&nbsp;&nbsp; bare hands? That's quite interesting." He actually swindled you out of 1&nbsp;&nbsp; billion euros even knowing your identity? Jeffers nodded.&nbsp; “Then I’ll find an opportunity to&nbsp; meet him tonight, teach him a lesson,&nbsp;&nbsp; and help you get that 1 billion euros back.” Joseph spoke of it very casually, as if it were&nbsp;&nbsp; a trivial matter that was easily within his grasp. Jeffers first shook his head, "Money is a small&nbsp;&nbsp; matter. If I can win him over and get him to&nbsp; work for me, then spending 1 billion is fine."&nbsp; Now, I, Gorivers, am becoming increasingly&nbsp; popular with the old man, and my position as&nbsp;&nbsp; heir is becoming more and more secure. If I want&nbsp; to snatch the Rothschild family scepter from him,&nbsp;&nbsp; I need to be patient and at the same time&nbsp; recruit more talented people to work for me.&nbsp; That way, if one day Rivers and I completely&nbsp; fall out, at least we'll have a fighting chance.&nbsp; Joseph nodded with satisfaction and said&nbsp; with relief, "Young Master, you have grown&nbsp;&nbsp; up and learned to be patient and mature." "Uncle Joseph, if you were to fight that&nbsp;&nbsp; old man in black next to Rivers,&nbsp; what are your chances of winning?"&nbsp; Jeffers looked at Joseph with anticipation. Upon hearing this, Joseph fell into thought.&nbsp;&nbsp; "I once fought him under the cover of night,&nbsp; and I felt that he had already entered the&nbsp;&nbsp; realm of 'Heavenly Way Walker'." I'm afraid I'm no match for him...&nbsp; Different regions have different names for&nbsp; martial arts realms. In Western martial arts,&nbsp;&nbsp; from lowest to highest, they are: Beginner&nbsp; Walker, Cloud Walker, Wind Breaker,&nbsp;&nbsp; Mountain Master, and Heavenly Path Walker. Joseph himself was at the peak of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Mountain Grandmaster realm, but even so, it&nbsp; was extremely difficult for him to cross the&nbsp;&nbsp; shackles of the Mountain Grandmaster realm and&nbsp; enter the ranks of the Heavenly Dao Walkers.&nbsp; The man in black they were&nbsp; talking about had already&nbsp;&nbsp; reached the level of a Heavenly Dao Walker. Although they are two adjacent realms,&nbsp;&nbsp; the difference in strength they exhibit is vast. Last time, Joseph not only failed to harm his&nbsp;&nbsp; opponent in the slightest, but almost&nbsp; lost his life at the hands of the enemy.&nbsp; Jeffers looked grim. Over the years, with the father growing old, the&nbsp;&nbsp; Rothschild family has faced a leadership election. His elder brother, Rivers, as the eldest son,&nbsp;&nbsp; had a natural advantage in the&nbsp; race for the head of the family.&nbsp; Moreover, he has been ruthlessly&nbsp; suppressed over the years, and the&nbsp;&nbsp; heads of many branches around the world&nbsp; have been replaced by Rivers' confidants.&nbsp; In order to prolong his life, he put on a&nbsp; playboy act in front of others to lull Rivers&nbsp;&nbsp; into a false sense of security and make Rivers&nbsp; think that he had no intention of competing with&nbsp;&nbsp; him for the position of family head. Jeffers lived such a humble life in&nbsp;&nbsp; order to secure the time and space&nbsp; for his own survival and growth.&nbsp; Even his public confession to Su Maya, his&nbsp; conflict with Xiao Qiang, and the fact that&nbsp;&nbsp; he was almost beaten to a pulp by Xiao Qiang were&nbsp; all deliberate actions by Jeffers, because he was&nbsp;&nbsp; certain that his elder brother's spies were on&nbsp; the ship, constantly monitoring his every move.&nbsp; Just as he suspected, Rivers had immediately&nbsp; learned of what he had done on the ship.&nbsp; In a quaint old-fashioned manor in&nbsp; Country M, Rivers said with disdain,&nbsp;&nbsp; "My silly little brother, if you're content to&nbsp; be a super-rich second-generation heir, fine.&nbsp;&nbsp; But if you want to get your hands on other things,&nbsp; don't blame your older brother for disregarding&nbsp;&nbsp; our brotherly bond!" On the Europa. Su Maya clung to Xiao Qiang even tighter,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Miss Su Maya, I've already helped you deal with&nbsp; Jeffers, why are you still pulling on my arm?"&nbsp; Sumaya's beautiful eyes widened in surprise&nbsp; as she thought, "So many noble young men&nbsp;&nbsp; rack their brains to get close to me, but you,&nbsp; when I take the initiative, you're not happy?"&nbsp; But the more Xiao Qiang acted this&nbsp; way, the more Su Maya liked him.&nbsp; "Handsome Xiao Qiang, can you&nbsp; play with me a little longer?&nbsp;&nbsp; I haven't been this happy in ages!!" Looking at Su Maya's big, watery eyes and&nbsp;&nbsp; expectant expression, Xiao Qiang finally gave in. "I can take you out to play, but you&nbsp;&nbsp; can't keep dragging my arm around..." Upon hearing this, Su Maya immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; released Xiao Qiang's arm, but tightly gripped&nbsp; one of Xiao Qiang's hands with her other hand,&nbsp;&nbsp; and her five fingers continued to&nbsp; weave between Xiao Qiang's fingers.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded helplessly, and finally&nbsp; intertwined his fingers with Su Maya's.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was very uncomfortable with&nbsp; the girl's initiative and enthusiasm.&nbsp; Not long after, Xiao Qiang and Lin Hao met. "My god, Xiaoqiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; where did you pick up this amazing girl?" Dazi asked exaggeratedly, while Xiaoji and&nbsp;&nbsp; Lin Hao were also full of curiosity. "Xiao, are they all your friends?"&nbsp; Sumaya looked at the three men in front&nbsp; of her, then turned to ask Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; After Xiao Qiang nodded, she smiled and&nbsp; said, "Hello, I'm Xiao Qiang's girlfriend,&nbsp;&nbsp; my name is Su Maya..." Xiao Qiang "..."&nbsp; The three of them looked at Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; in shock. It hadn't even been two hours since they&nbsp; separated, and he'd already gotten a girlfriend?&nbsp; Is it still this perfect? Do you have to be this&nbsp;&nbsp; efficient at picking up girls? "Maya, we've only just met!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang kindly reminded him. "Yes, but in this past hour,&nbsp;&nbsp; I've decided that you're my man, and I'm willing&nbsp; to be your girlfriend. Don't you want to be?"&nbsp; Sumaia looked pitiful, which, combined with her&nbsp; impeccable beauty, made her even more striking.&nbsp; No man could refuse. "Uh... I'd be willing, but are you sure you&nbsp;&nbsp; don't want to get to know me a little better?" Meanwhile, Da Zi and his two companions were&nbsp;&nbsp; itching to beat Xiao Qiang to a&nbsp; pulp. "What do you mean 'understand&nbsp;&nbsp; my sister'? The girl doesn't mind, what are&nbsp; you dawdling for? Just take her down first!"&nbsp; "No need, we can get to know&nbsp; each other gradually later."&nbsp; "I have many girlfriends?"&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang used his trump card, hoping&nbsp; to make the other party back down.&nbsp; Su Maya stared at Xiao Qiang with her&nbsp; bright eyes, "So what? In our country,&nbsp;&nbsp; polygamy is allowed!" Everyone was stunned! Chapter 76 Sumaa's Presidential Suite All three of them were thinking, "Are there&nbsp;&nbsp; any girls who are both beautiful and understanding&nbsp; like this? I'd love to have a dozen of them!"&nbsp; Suddenly, an announcement rang out throughout&nbsp; the casino: "Dear guests, good evening. Welcome&nbsp;&nbsp; to the Mediterranean Europa. In one hour, the&nbsp; annual Cruise Ship Gambling King Competition&nbsp;&nbsp; will officially begin. The competition will last&nbsp; for 10 days, with the final match to be held on&nbsp;&nbsp; the day the cruise ship returns to port." The ultimate winner of the gambling king&nbsp;&nbsp; title will receive a prize of 50 million euros. The announcement of the gambling king competition&nbsp;&nbsp; caused an instant uproar throughout the casino. Crowds flocked to the chip exchange counter to&nbsp;&nbsp; redeem event-specific chips, eager to&nbsp; participate in this high-stakes gamble.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was inwardly impressed; this&nbsp; cruise ship really knew how to do business,&nbsp;&nbsp; setting up a 10-day gambling king&nbsp; competition on a 10-day voyage.&nbsp; Lured by the huge prize money, the tourists who&nbsp; love to gamble still played with all their might,&nbsp;&nbsp; after all, everyone felt that they&nbsp; might be the one favored by Lady Luck.&nbsp; The steady stream of real money eventually flowed&nbsp; into the casino's accounts, and the price they&nbsp;&nbsp; paid was the 50 million euro reward gimmick. Ultimately, the prize money will most&nbsp;&nbsp; likely be won by the gambling&nbsp; experts sent by the organizers.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and his three companions also&nbsp; exchanged 1 million euros worth of chips&nbsp;&nbsp; with great interest. When exchanging chips,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lin Hao and Da Zi were clearly shocked&nbsp; by Xiao Qiang's "generous spending".&nbsp; They originally thought Xiao Qiang was just a&nbsp; college student with super strong fighting skills,&nbsp;&nbsp; at most from a well-off family.&nbsp; They never expected that he could&nbsp;&nbsp; take out 1 million euros to play so easily. This once again refreshed their understanding.&nbsp; All three of them were wondering if Xiao Qiang&nbsp; was really just a student at Peking University.&nbsp; Could it be a low-profile&nbsp; scion of a prominent family?&nbsp; However, the three of them didn't pay too much&nbsp; attention to these things. The reason the trio&nbsp;&nbsp; was willing to accept Xiao Qiang in the first&nbsp; place was because they valued his character,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it had nothing to do with his status. Xiao Qiang easily doubled his initial&nbsp;&nbsp; investment that night by playing blackjack. Around 10:30 p.m. that night, people began&nbsp;&nbsp; to leave the casino one after another. While this place is exciting, there are many&nbsp;&nbsp; other ways for them to experience excitement. For example, beautiful women, handsome men...&nbsp; After 10:30 p.m., these men and women, with glazed&nbsp; eyes, would enter the cabin in pairs to enjoy a&nbsp;&nbsp; strange kind of passion. "Maya, are you sure you want to come to my&nbsp; room? I'm not exactly a gentleman; I can't&nbsp;&nbsp; remain unmoved even with a woman in my lap." My actions are solely guided by my conscience!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang couldn't help but confirm again. After leaving the casino, the girl kept holding&nbsp;&nbsp; his hand like a leech, impossible to shake off. "Xiao, you can come to my room. It's a&nbsp;&nbsp; presidential suite, very spacious..." Xiao Qiang was speechless. Damn it, he had been&nbsp; looked down upon by a beautiful woman again.&nbsp; "Okay, let's go to your room then. I also&nbsp; want to see what the presidential suite&nbsp;&nbsp; on this cruise ship is like." Seeing that Xiao Qiang agreed,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Maya beamed with joy. It must be said that the&nbsp;&nbsp; luxury of the presidential suite can&nbsp; always exceed your wildest imagination.&nbsp; On a cruise ship with limited space, the&nbsp; presidential suite has managed to integrate&nbsp;&nbsp; the master bedroom, master bedroom, conference&nbsp; room, gym, bar, and restaurant into one space.&nbsp; The most amazing thing is that open-air,&nbsp; hollowed-out balcony, where you can enjoy&nbsp;&nbsp; the sea breeze, go fishing, watch the sunrise&nbsp; and sunset, and even do other things you love.&nbsp; On land, a presidential suite can&nbsp; easily cost 100,000 yuan a night.&nbsp;&nbsp; This presidential suite at sea, you probably&nbsp; can't get it for less than 200,000 yuan.&nbsp; "Maya, how much does your room cost per night?" Xiao Qiang asked curiously.&nbsp; "100,000 euros..." "Oh my god..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang simply couldn't find any other words&nbsp; to describe the shock he felt at that moment.&nbsp; 100,000 euros is equivalent&nbsp; to 1 million Chinese yuan.&nbsp; This is an enormous fortune that many people could&nbsp; never acquire in their entire lives, yet this girl&nbsp;&nbsp; slept with it all away in one night! That's so damn extravagant!&nbsp; This made Xiao Qiang even more curious about Su&nbsp; Maya's identity. The thought that her family was&nbsp;&nbsp; from the Middle Eastern country of Sakha... "Could this girl's family be drilling&nbsp;&nbsp; for oil in the Sahara?" Xiao Qiang guessed to himself.&nbsp; "My dear Xiao, I really like you so much.&nbsp; I grew up watching Bruce Lee movies. His&nbsp;&nbsp; kung fu was so cool. He was my idol." But today, the god in my heart has&nbsp;&nbsp; changed. From this moment on, you are the&nbsp; god in my heart, the true man in my heart.&nbsp; The two had just sat down on the large sofa&nbsp; when Xiao Qiang was confessed his love to her.&nbsp; This made Xiao Qiang, who was used to taking&nbsp; the initiative, feel extremely uncomfortable.&nbsp; "And when you're gambling, you're incredibly&nbsp; cool, especially when you trick Jeffers!"&nbsp; As Su Maya spoke, she looked at Xiao&nbsp; Qiang with eyes full of admiration,&nbsp;&nbsp; her gaze revealing boundless infatuation. This surprised and pleased Xiao Qiang.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Is this guy really that good?&nbsp; How come I didn't realize it!"&nbsp; As they were talking, Su Maya actually&nbsp; got up and sat on Xiao Qiang's lap,&nbsp;&nbsp; which shocked Xiao Qiang with the initiative&nbsp; and openness of this foreign girl.&nbsp; Su Maya undoubtedly fell deeply in&nbsp; love with Xiao Qiang, while Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; initially attracted by her beauty, gradually came&nbsp; to love this woman who dared to love and hate.&nbsp; Let everything happen naturally! Xiao Qiang went to the small bar inside the room,&nbsp;&nbsp; grabbed a drink he couldn't name, and sat on the&nbsp; open-air balcony, quietly enjoying the sea breeze.&nbsp; Although it was late at night, the&nbsp; surrounding sea was still bright under&nbsp;&nbsp; the lights of the cruise ships. A gentle sea breeze rippled&nbsp;&nbsp; across the calm surface of the sea. "You've already seen all the pornographic films,&nbsp;&nbsp; how much longer are you going to hide?" Xiao Qiang seemed to be talking to himself. Chapter 77 He is stronger than any Heavenly&nbsp; Dao cultivator I have ever encountered.&nbsp; The next moment, an elderly man with a Western&nbsp; face suddenly appeared at the edge of the stage.&nbsp; "Looks like you're not entirely incompetent;&nbsp;&nbsp; you actually managed to spot me!" Xiao Qiang frowned. A Westerner?&nbsp; Could it be related to Jeffers,&nbsp; whom he had abused during the day?&nbsp; "Jeffers sent you?" Xiao Qiang asked uncertainly.&nbsp; Are you sure you don't need to wear something&nbsp; to cover yourself when you talk to me?&nbsp; Joseph frowned as he looked at Xiao&nbsp; Qiang’s extremely unseemly appearance,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then offered his advice. Xiao Qiang looked down and saw&nbsp;&nbsp; that the bird was swaying in the wind,&nbsp; which was indeed not very elegant.&nbsp; He couldn't help but blush, and hurriedly&nbsp; went back inside to put on his underwear&nbsp;&nbsp; before returning to the balcony. "You haven't answered my question yet!"&nbsp; "Did you offend someone today?" The other party did not evade the&nbsp;&nbsp; question and directly admitted their origin. Xiao Qiang scoffed, "Then where were you&nbsp;&nbsp; hiding during the day? Why didn't you come to my&nbsp; rescue when I was beating up that brat Jeffers?"&nbsp; Joseph naturally ignored Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; questions and was too lazy to explain anything.&nbsp; “Give the 1 billion euros back to young master&nbsp; Jeffers, and I’ll make your suffering less later.”&nbsp; Joseph adopted an attitude of having&nbsp; Xiao Qiang completely under his control.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang raised an eyebrow. "Oh? You're saying&nbsp; that because you're very confident in your skills&nbsp;&nbsp; and think you can easily beat me?" "Shall we move to the top floor?"&nbsp; Sumaya had just fallen asleep, and&nbsp; the surrounding area was full of&nbsp;&nbsp; guest rooms. If a fight broke out, it would&nbsp; inevitably cause some unnecessary trouble.&nbsp; Joseph nodded. "That's&nbsp; exactly what I was thinking."&nbsp; After saying that, Joseph turned around&nbsp; and jumped off the balcony. Then,&nbsp;&nbsp; he used a light-footed skill similar to the Wudang&nbsp; Ladder Cloud Leap to fly directly to the top deck.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang pursed his lips, "Are all the Luo&nbsp; family members so fond of showing off? Why&nbsp;&nbsp; not take the elevator and insist on climbing&nbsp; the stairs to show off? Aren't they afraid&nbsp;&nbsp; of falling into the sea and feeding the sharks?" He slowly put on his clothes, leisurely finished&nbsp;&nbsp; the last sip of wine, and then swayed&nbsp; as he took the elevator to the rooftop.&nbsp; Joseph glanced at his watch, speechless. "I've&nbsp; been waiting for you for 10 minutes already."&nbsp; "You really do take a long time to do anything..." Joseph said quietly.&nbsp; Just now, I was thinking that this&nbsp; kid would finish in ten minutes or so,&nbsp;&nbsp; based on the principle of not&nbsp; delaying other people's enjoyment.&nbsp; But to my surprise, the wait&nbsp; lasted for more than an hour.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said with no small amount&nbsp; of pride, "Are you envious of me?"&nbsp; Joseph was speechless for a moment. Without further ado, he immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; mustered his strength and lunged at Xiao Qiang. Xiao Qiang also changed his previous relaxed&nbsp;&nbsp; demeanor, focused his mind and strength,&nbsp; and met the opponent's iron fist head-on.&nbsp; Their first encounter was a simple&nbsp; and brutal contest of strength.&nbsp; The fists, imbued with a chilling aura,&nbsp; collided violently amidst sonic booms,&nbsp;&nbsp; unleashing a deafening roar. Joseph had intended to defeat&nbsp;&nbsp; his opponent with a single punch, but he&nbsp; never expected that the force coming from&nbsp;&nbsp; his opponent's fist would be equally fierce&nbsp; and domineering, and would continue unabated.&nbsp; His body jolted, and he uncontrollably staggered&nbsp; back two steps before coming to a stop.&nbsp; He thought that after this punch,&nbsp; the opponent would surely fall down,&nbsp;&nbsp; but to his surprise, the opponent remained&nbsp; motionless and as steady as a mountain.&nbsp; Joseph's eyes were filled with seriousness.&nbsp; He had indeed underestimated his opponent&nbsp;&nbsp; and only used 70% of his strength. However, the fact that the young man&nbsp;&nbsp; in front of him could so easily withstand an&nbsp; attack with seven levels of his own power and&nbsp;&nbsp; even push him back two steps proved that he must&nbsp; possess martial prowess comparable to his own.&nbsp; "Kid, you better watch out&nbsp; now, I'm going to go all out!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang cursed under his breath: "Enough with&nbsp; the nonsense. Let's finish this quickly. I need to&nbsp;&nbsp; go back and sleep with my beauty!" Then he immediately took the&nbsp;&nbsp; initiative and pounced on Joseph. Joseph cursed under his breath,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the two instantly started fighting. Xiao Qiang had already gained some&nbsp;&nbsp; understanding of the moves of various&nbsp; ancient martial arts masters during&nbsp;&nbsp; the military martial arts competition. This time, he chose to use Zhao Yun's&nbsp;&nbsp; style, combining powerful and&nbsp; domineering attack techniques&nbsp;&nbsp; with light and graceful movement skills. In actual combat, it is not only powerful&nbsp;&nbsp; but also possesses a unique aesthetic appeal. This perfectly matches Xiao Qiang's style of&nbsp;&nbsp; wanting to show off from time to time. Joseph grew increasingly alarmed&nbsp;&nbsp; as the fight progressed. He has also sparred with many&nbsp;&nbsp; martial arts masters in China and has a certain&nbsp; understanding of Chinese kung fu routines.&nbsp; However, at this moment, he was completely&nbsp; baffled by the martial arts routines used&nbsp;&nbsp; by Xiao Qiang and could only rely on his&nbsp; martial arts instincts to cope with them.&nbsp; Two minutes later, Joseph's confidence had&nbsp; vanished, and three minutes later he was exhausted&nbsp;&nbsp; from defense and his attacks were full of holes. With a loud shout of "Fall!", Xiao Qiang delivered&nbsp;&nbsp; a high whip kick that sent Joseph, who was&nbsp; dodging in mid-air, crashing onto the deck.&nbsp; Ignoring the traditional Chinese virtues of&nbsp; respecting elders and caring for the young,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stepped directly on the bleeding Joseph&nbsp; and demanded, "Are you still going to fight?"&nbsp; "Considering that you didn't disturb my good&nbsp; time earlier and didn't show any murderous&nbsp;&nbsp; intent when you first attacked,&nbsp; I'll spare your life this time."&nbsp; Go back and tell Jeffers that he committed three&nbsp; crimes tonight. First, disturbing someone's sleep&nbsp;&nbsp; is like murdering their parents; shouldn't he&nbsp; pay compensation for emotional distress? Second,&nbsp;&nbsp; making me stand in the cool sea breeze for&nbsp; five minutes; shouldn't he pay compensation&nbsp;&nbsp; for physical harm? Third, forcing me to take&nbsp; action; shouldn't he pay for his services?&nbsp; "Have him transfer these fees to my&nbsp; bank card tonight. As for how much,&nbsp;&nbsp; let him decide. Anyway, if I'm not satisfied,&nbsp; his handsome face will be in trouble tomorrow."&nbsp; After saying that, he turned&nbsp; and walked towards the elevator.&nbsp; Five minutes later, in&nbsp; Jeffers' presidential suite.&nbsp; "Uncle Joseph, who beat you up like this?" Did you run into that old man next to Rivers?&nbsp; Jeffers looked at Joseph, who looked&nbsp; disheveled, with shock and asked with concern.&nbsp; "No...no, it's that young&nbsp; Chinese man you mentioned today,&nbsp;&nbsp; he's the one who beat me up like this." "What? It was him? He's that strong? He&nbsp;&nbsp; actually managed to beat you up like this?" Jeffers was utterly shocked; defeating fifteen&nbsp;&nbsp; retired Marines in broad daylight&nbsp; was already astonishing enough.&nbsp; Unexpectedly, even Uncle Joseph, who had been with&nbsp; him for ten years and whom he considered to be an&nbsp;&nbsp; absolute powerhouse, was no match for him. "He is really too strong, even stronger than&nbsp;&nbsp; any Heavenly Dao Walker I have ever encountered." Thankfully, he didn't intend to kill me tonight,&nbsp;&nbsp; but even so, I only lasted&nbsp; three minutes against him.&nbsp; Jeffers' face showed not only shock, but&nbsp; also a hint of inexplicable...surprise.&nbsp; He clearly heard Joseph say that the Chinese&nbsp; man was stronger than all the Heavenly Dao&nbsp;&nbsp; practitioners he had ever met, so wouldn't that&nbsp; mean he was stronger than the old man in black&nbsp;&nbsp; next to his brother Rivers? What if…&nbsp; The thought of that possibility&nbsp; made Jeffers' mind race.&nbsp; "By the way, that young man from China&nbsp; asked me to pass on a message to you."&nbsp; Jeffers was taken aback for a moment, then&nbsp; immediately asked, "What did you say?" Chapter 78 Asma's Chief&nbsp; Scientist Was Actually a Gambler?&nbsp; Joseph then relayed to Jeffers exactly what&nbsp; Xiao Qiang had said about the compensation.&nbsp; After hearing this, the latter was&nbsp; not angry at all; instead, he had a&nbsp;&nbsp; slightly ambiguous smile on his face. "Okay, I understand, Uncle Joseph.&nbsp;&nbsp; You should rest now." Jeffers took a glass&nbsp;&nbsp; of wine and went to the viewing balcony. Looking at the vast and desolate sea in the&nbsp;&nbsp; night sky, I wonder what he was thinking. A moment later, he went to his laptop,&nbsp;&nbsp; logged into online banking, and smiled as he&nbsp; looked at the string of zeros in his account.&nbsp; "You like money? Then anything is possible!" After saying that, he entered 1&nbsp;&nbsp; billion euros again on the transfer page, but&nbsp; the moment he pressed the transfer button, he&nbsp;&nbsp; seemed to remember something and deleted the 1 at&nbsp; the beginning of the amount and changed it to 3.&nbsp; Yes, Jeffers changed the transfer amount to 3&nbsp; billion euros, worth 30 billion Chinese yuan!&nbsp; After the transfer, Jeffers stared blankly at&nbsp; the 43 billion euros remaining in his account.&nbsp; I was reminded of the recently released&nbsp; 2008 Forbes Global Billionaires List,&nbsp;&nbsp; in which Warren Buffett topped the&nbsp; list with a net worth of $60 billion.&nbsp; Moreover, over 80% of this $60 billion is&nbsp; the value of stocks held by Mr. Buffett.&nbsp; Jeffers' 43 billion euros is all&nbsp; in cash, and he also owns shares&nbsp;&nbsp; in many Rothschild family businesses. Thinking of this, Jeffers chuckled.&nbsp; One of the Rothschild family precepts is not&nbsp; to disclose their assets to the public, and&nbsp;&nbsp; other reclusive families also have similar rules. Therefore, the Forbes Global Billionaires List is&nbsp;&nbsp; a completely abridged version of the rich list. After Jeffers completed the transfer,&nbsp;&nbsp; he did not go to sleep immediately. Instead,&nbsp; he sat quietly on the scenic balcony, sipping&nbsp;&nbsp; expensive red wine and pondering something. Meanwhile, in another presidential suite.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang had just crawled into bed&nbsp; when he stroked Su Maya's smooth back.&nbsp; Disturbed from her sleep, Sumaya rolled&nbsp; over, revealing her ample bosom once again.&nbsp; Just as Xiao Qiang was about to play with&nbsp; it, he heard a "ding" sound from his phone,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he immediately picked it up and saw&nbsp; the message that 3 billion euros had&nbsp;&nbsp; been deposited into his account. He looked at him with amusement. "Are&nbsp;&nbsp; the Luo family really that generous?&nbsp; Or do they have some other motive?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stopped thinking about it. He was&nbsp; happy that someone had given him so much money.&nbsp; Jeffers, along with Bai Tian, has already&nbsp; given himself 4 billion euros, equivalent&nbsp;&nbsp; to 40 billion Chinese yuan. That 40 billion can do a lot of things!&nbsp; He couldn't keep the joy of 40 billion&nbsp; to himself, so he decided to call&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Maya up to share it with him. Soon, Sumaya, who was fast asleep,&nbsp;&nbsp; was attacked in multiple places&nbsp; and quickly woke up from her sleep.&nbsp; Seeing the man she liked touching her all&nbsp; over, Sumaya began to respond passionately.&nbsp; This battle was truly fierce&nbsp; and chaotic. After a brief rest,&nbsp;&nbsp; Sumaia wanted to take the&nbsp; initiative in the battle.&nbsp; However, in less than 10 minutes, he&nbsp; could only passively take the beating.&nbsp; And that was the end of it.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was woken up by a phone&nbsp; call at 11 a.m. the following morning.&nbsp; "You son of a bitch, where the&nbsp; hell are you? Can't you hear us&nbsp;&nbsp; knocking? Get over here and open the door." Xiao Qiang was speechless for a moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; then walked to the door with his&nbsp; eyes half-closed and opened it.&nbsp; "The door opened, but there wasn't a&nbsp; ghost in sight! Where are you all?"&nbsp; "When the hell did you open the door?"&nbsp; A speechless voice came from the other end. Xiao Qiang looked around and slapped his forehead.&nbsp;&nbsp; He realized he was in the presidential suite at&nbsp; Sumaia and had completely forgotten about it.&nbsp; "Uh... Dazi, I'm on the 18th floor,&nbsp; in room 1808. You guys come over."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang yawned as he spoke. Five minutes later, Lin Haoda,&nbsp;&nbsp; Zi Xiaoji, and the other two appeared at the door&nbsp; of the presidential suite. After confirming that&nbsp;&nbsp; the room number was correct, they went inside. At this time, Xiao Qiang and Su Maya had&nbsp;&nbsp; already gotten up, and Su Maya&nbsp; was washing up in the bathroom.&nbsp; Upon entering, all three of&nbsp; them exclaimed in surprise.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, you little rascal, you've been&nbsp; sneaking around in the presidential suite!"&nbsp; Dazi said to Xiao Qiang with a dissatisfied look. At that moment, the bathroom door opened,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Sumaya walked out wearing&nbsp; fitted yoga pants and a polo shirt.&nbsp; Hello, we meet again! Sumaya greeted the three of&nbsp;&nbsp; them warmly, her face still slightly flushed. The three of them stared wide-eyed at the&nbsp;&nbsp; stunningly beautiful woman&nbsp; who had suddenly appeared.&nbsp; "Hello...!" All three of them greeted Sumaya. "Hurry up and sit down,&nbsp;&nbsp; what are you standing there for?" Xiao Qiang addressed the three of them.&nbsp; All three of them secretly&nbsp; The three of them spent money last night&nbsp; to experience passion and pleasure.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang actually ended up staying in&nbsp; the beautiful woman's presidential suite,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it seemed that this rich and&nbsp; beautiful woman was the one who paid him.&nbsp; We were all Chinese men who boarded&nbsp; the ship together, so why is there&nbsp;&nbsp; such a big difference in our character? Seeing Xiao Qiang chatting with the three of them,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Maya went back into the bathroom to tidy up. Ten minutes later, the five people left the&nbsp;&nbsp; presidential suite and strolled along the central&nbsp; avenue on the first floor of the cruise ship.&nbsp; At 11 a.m., the cruise ship arrived&nbsp; at the tourist hotspot of Santorini.&nbsp; The passengers on the ship began&nbsp; their half-day island tour under&nbsp;&nbsp; the guidance of a dedicated guide. Throughout the entire trip, Sumaya&nbsp;&nbsp; was like a little bird, closely following&nbsp; the Chinese man she was so fond of who had&nbsp;&nbsp; given her the ultimate first experience. The two even disregarded the disdainful&nbsp;&nbsp; looks that Lin Hao and the other two gave them,&nbsp; and flaunted their affection in front of them.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Su Maya were photographed&nbsp; at various excellent viewing platforms&nbsp;&nbsp; throughout Santorini, while Lin Hao and his two&nbsp; companions kept their faces tense the whole time,&nbsp;&nbsp; miserably acting as free photographers. No matter how beautiful the scenery,&nbsp;&nbsp; it cannot heal the damage caused to the&nbsp; three of them by Xiao Qiang and his partner's&nbsp;&nbsp; excessive displays of affection. The cruise ship set sail again&nbsp;&nbsp; at 7 p.m. and entered international waters. After a satisfying meal, the tourists returned to&nbsp;&nbsp; the casino to begin their nighttime revelry. "Miss, could you please speak to your manager&nbsp; here and ask if I could exchange my stocks for&nbsp;&nbsp; another 2 million euros in chips?" When Xiao Qiang and Su Maya were&nbsp;&nbsp; walking together and passed by a chip&nbsp; exchange station, they saw this scene.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang sighed inwardly,&nbsp; "This casino is really harmful.&nbsp;&nbsp; This man has probably lost all his cash and is&nbsp; now thinking of mortgaging his stocks for chips!"&nbsp; "Sorry, we do not offer&nbsp; stock-backed exchange for chips!"&nbsp; The man was met with a cold voice. “I am the chief scientist and largest&nbsp;&nbsp; single shareholder of Asmay. I own&nbsp; 35% of the company. Do you know how&nbsp;&nbsp; much those shares are worth? $3.5 billion.” No matter what he said, the staff refused&nbsp;&nbsp; to exchange the chips for him. Xiao Qiang, who hadn't gone far,&nbsp;&nbsp; stopped completely when the other&nbsp; person mentioned Asmai Company. Chapter 78 Acquires 1% Stake in Asma In 2023, the year after the founding&nbsp;&nbsp; of the United States, the country strictly&nbsp; controlled China's rise in the high-tech field,&nbsp;&nbsp; most notably through a comprehensive&nbsp; blockade of mid-to-high-end chips.&nbsp; By then, ASML had already dominated the global&nbsp; lithography machine market with its EUV extreme&nbsp;&nbsp; ultraviolet lithography machines. However, China, an important member of the&nbsp;&nbsp; World Trade Organization, was unable to purchase&nbsp; even a single EUV lithography machine from ASML.&nbsp; Why? Because the US doesn't agree! To revitalize China's technology,&nbsp;&nbsp; boosting the lithography machine industry and&nbsp; breaking the chip monopoly are essential steps.&nbsp; At this time, he unexpectedly met Asma's chief&nbsp; scientist, who also had a lot of company stock.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang pulled Su Maya back directly. "Hello sir, are you looking to mortgage&nbsp;&nbsp; your stocks for cash?" At this moment, a frustrated&nbsp;&nbsp; Danielson was worrying about the chips. Danielson is a typical STEM guy. He's 45&nbsp;&nbsp; years old, doesn't like to enjoy life&nbsp; or women, and his only hobby besides&nbsp;&nbsp; researching technology is gambling. I basically board the Europa every&nbsp;&nbsp; month and have a great time. Before boarding the ship,&nbsp;&nbsp; he sold some stocks and cashed out 10 million&nbsp; euros. However, he was unlucky and lost all 10&nbsp;&nbsp; million euros on the very first night. Danielson looked wary as the young&nbsp;&nbsp; Asian man approached him to talk. "Who are you? What do you want with me?"&nbsp; "My name is Xiao Qiang, and I'm from China. I&nbsp; was just passing by when you mentioned wanting&nbsp;&nbsp; to mortgage your stocks for leverage. I happen&nbsp; to work in the financial mortgage business,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I was wondering if you have any needs?" Danielson was delighted upon hearing this,&nbsp;&nbsp; but then he wondered if someone so young&nbsp; could be an international fraudster.&nbsp; "How much equity collateral can you provide me?" Xiao Qiang did not answer, but instead opened his&nbsp;&nbsp; international card text message notification&nbsp; and showed the message to the other party.&nbsp; Danielson stepped forward with some skepticism,&nbsp; but what he saw made his mouth drop open in shock.&nbsp; Seeing the other person's&nbsp; surprised expression, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; smiled and said, "So, can I meet your needs?" "That's incredible...so incredibly powerful..."&nbsp; "Hello sir, my name is Danielson.&nbsp; What is your last name?"&nbsp; Danielson's tone was full of awe. "Mr. Xiao, I'd like to pledge 20 million euros&nbsp; worth of stocks as collateral. Is that possible?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded, "We offer&nbsp; two forms of financing: stock&nbsp;&nbsp; pledge loans and equity transfers." Stock pledging involves charging a&nbsp;&nbsp; pledging service fee of 1% per day&nbsp; based on the total loan amount.&nbsp; For equity transfers, the equity delivery is&nbsp; directly based on the stock price on that day.&nbsp; Which format would you like to use? Danielson originally planned to use&nbsp;&nbsp; the equity pledge to borrow funds first, and then&nbsp; find a way to raise funds to recover the pledged&nbsp;&nbsp; shares after returning to the company. But this 1% daily service fee is&nbsp;&nbsp; way too damn high. It will likely take&nbsp;&nbsp; me almost a month to return this money, so&nbsp; wouldn't I have to pay a 30% service fee?&nbsp; What's the difference between this and robbery? This Chinese kid is absolutely wicked.&nbsp; After a moment's thought, Danielson&nbsp; made his decision: "Mr. Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; I've decided to sell the shares directly." This was exactly the result Xiao Qiang wanted,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he still showed a regretful expression. "Okay, let's do it this way."&nbsp; Seeing Xiao Qiang's helpless expression,&nbsp; Danielson thought to himself, "Trying to&nbsp;&nbsp; make a high service fee from me? Dream on." Furthermore, ASML's stock price has been sluggish&nbsp;&nbsp; recently due to setbacks in the development&nbsp; of EUV lithography machines and a resulting&nbsp;&nbsp; cash flow shortage. Now, by selling at a high&nbsp; price, they can kill two birds with one stone.&nbsp; After reaching an agreement, the three of&nbsp; them went to the presidential suite of Sumaia.&nbsp; He also notified the company's legal department to&nbsp; send him a copy of the equity transfer agreement.&nbsp; The funding entity for Qiangsheng Investment&nbsp; is a company with a deep nested structure&nbsp;&nbsp; and registered in France. In reality, it is wholly&nbsp;&nbsp; owned by Qiangsheng Investment. Since it was a negotiated transfer,&nbsp;&nbsp; no stock trading was required. Danielson&nbsp; simply called the M-share exchange and&nbsp;&nbsp; completed the equity transfer within half an hour. Danielson sold 0.25% of ASMA's shares for $25&nbsp;&nbsp; million, which is equivalent to 20 million euros. Just as Danielson was excitedly preparing to&nbsp;&nbsp; leave, Xiao Qiang printed out&nbsp; several more blank contracts.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, what's going on?" Danielson was puzzled, and&nbsp;&nbsp; Somaya beside him looked equally confused;&nbsp; hadn't the deal already been completed?&nbsp; Why do we need a contract? "Oh, prepare a few more copies, maybe someone&nbsp;&nbsp; will come to me later to transfer shares!" Xiao Qiang replied meaningfully.&nbsp; After getting the money,&nbsp;&nbsp; Danielson went straight back to the casino. "Give me 5 million euros in chips."&nbsp; Danielson stared at the beautiful&nbsp; waitress who had previously rejected him,&nbsp;&nbsp; adopting an arrogant and domineering attitude. This time, the staff member, with a smile and a&nbsp;&nbsp; respectful expression, presented the chips to him. This made Danielson feel particularly comfortable.&nbsp; After taking the chips, Danielson went&nbsp; straight to the table where the minimum&nbsp;&nbsp; bet was 500,000 euros per round. He didn't believe that Lady Luck&nbsp;&nbsp; would keep avoiding him. Unfortunately, less than 10&nbsp;&nbsp; minutes later, Danielson went to the chip&nbsp; exchange counter again and exchanged 15&nbsp;&nbsp; million euros worth of chips in one go. He then returned to the gambling&nbsp;&nbsp; table he had just been at. When the other gamblers at&nbsp;&nbsp; the table saw this lucky charm return,&nbsp; they all applauded and welcomed him.&nbsp; Seeing the enthusiastic welcome from&nbsp; everyone, he felt a slight sense of pride.&nbsp; "Whether at the company or the casino,&nbsp; I, Danielson, am the coolest guy."&nbsp; Danielson must have had&nbsp; this thought at that moment.&nbsp; "If nothing unexpected happens, Lady&nbsp; Luck should smile upon me this time."&nbsp; Sitting at the gambling table, he&nbsp; secretly planned for a good outcome.&nbsp; Half an hour later.&nbsp; Unsurprisingly, an accident occurred. Uncle Danielson's luck showed no signs of&nbsp;&nbsp; improving, and he lost all 15 million euros. As an ordinary gambler, at this point,&nbsp;&nbsp; one should accept defeat, stop gambling,&nbsp; and go home to reflect on one's actions.&nbsp; Uncle Kodan is no ordinary person! He applied the same persistence&nbsp;&nbsp; and never-give-up spirit he had when&nbsp; doing scientific research to gambling.&nbsp; He firmly believed that as long as he&nbsp; persisted, he would surely move Lady Luck.&nbsp; Ten years ago, ASML was on the verge&nbsp; of bankruptcy. It was his persistence&nbsp;&nbsp; and unwillingness to admit defeat&nbsp; that led the team to overcome the&nbsp;&nbsp; key technologies of DUV lithography machines. This breakthrough broke through the technological&nbsp;&nbsp; blockade imposed by the United States and&nbsp; Japan in the field of DUV lithography machines.&nbsp; Therefore, this spirit of&nbsp; perseverance and never giving&nbsp;&nbsp; up is deeply ingrained in Uncle Dan's bones. Sure enough, Uncle Dan dialed Xiao Qiang's number&nbsp;&nbsp; directly, while Xiao Qiang had been waiting&nbsp; in the presidential suite for a long time.&nbsp; This time, Uncle Dan also found it too&nbsp; troublesome to call the exchange repeatedly.&nbsp; They sold 0.75% of Asmay's shares in a single&nbsp; transaction, cashing out 60 million euros.&nbsp; After Uncle Dan left, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; invited Su Maya to go out together.&nbsp; Sumaa asked in confusion, "Where are you going?" Xiao Qiang said with a serious expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Uncle Dan is losing money a bit too&nbsp; slowly, I'll go and speed it up for him!" Chapter 79 Danielson Gets Scammed Xiao Qiang, who had just stepped out the door,&nbsp;&nbsp; seemed to remember something after taking only a&nbsp; few steps, and returned to the room with Su Maya.&nbsp; It was 10 minutes later when the two came out. Uncle Danielson, though persistent&nbsp; and unwilling to admit defeat,&nbsp;&nbsp; does have a strange habit of never winning&nbsp; a single game at the same gambling table.&nbsp; Sure enough, Uncle Dan went straight to another&nbsp; gambling table, where the simplest game was being&nbsp;&nbsp; played: rolling dice to determine the winner. This format does not involve a bookmaker;&nbsp;&nbsp; instead, the casino takes a 1% service fee&nbsp; based on the total stake for each game.&nbsp; No matter which customer wins&nbsp; money, the casino makes money.&nbsp; Before each dice roll, the winner of&nbsp; the previous round places the first bet,&nbsp;&nbsp; starting at €1 million. If the winner of the&nbsp; previous round bets €5 million, all subsequent&nbsp;&nbsp; players must also bet €5 million. In his first hand,&nbsp;&nbsp; Danielson called a 2 million bet. When he shook the dice, he excitedly grabbed the&nbsp;&nbsp; dice cup in his right hand, then made a gesture of&nbsp; blessing from heaven with his left hand, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; put the four dice inside and closed the lid. Then came a shaking.&nbsp; This guy shook the dice for&nbsp; a whole minute, and finally,&nbsp;&nbsp; after being urged by the people next to him, he&nbsp; slammed the dice cup down on the gambling table.&nbsp; He made a prayer gesture again before&nbsp; carefully lifting the dice cup.&nbsp; "Wow…" A wave of envious&nbsp;&nbsp; sighs instantly erupted from the crowd. The four dice showed 6, 6, 5, 5, and 22.&nbsp; This is already a very large number of points,&nbsp; more than the points of the previous 8 people.&nbsp; After Danielson, only one person&nbsp; remained who didn't shake the ball.&nbsp; The man held the dice cup and dice in his&nbsp; hand, trying to imitate Danielson's movements,&nbsp;&nbsp; but unexpectedly only managed&nbsp; to roll a low number of 15.&nbsp; Danielson's excitement was palpable;&nbsp; he had won 18 million in this round.&nbsp; He almost won back the 20 million&nbsp; euros he lost last time in one go.&nbsp; Uncle Dan, looking every bit the gambling god,&nbsp; smugly showed off his spoils to the onlookers.&nbsp; At this point, three gamblers left the table. But someone quickly filled in.&nbsp; One of them had a build very similar to Xiaoqiang,&nbsp; but his face looked like that of an Indian.&nbsp; That's right, this person is Xiao Qiang in&nbsp; disguise. After returning to the room, he&nbsp;&nbsp; had a master of disguise possess him and used the&nbsp; cosmetics that Su Maya had on hand in the bathroom&nbsp;&nbsp; to give the two of them a simple disguise. This time, as if possessed by the God of Gamblers,&nbsp;&nbsp; Uncle Dan directly increased his bet to 5 million. Although the 10 people frowned, after hesitating&nbsp;&nbsp; for a moment, they all placed&nbsp; their bets one after another.&nbsp; After praying again, Uncle Dan shook the dice&nbsp; cup in his hand, uncovered it, and found a&nbsp;&nbsp; total of 18 points: 4, 4, 5, 5. It's neither small nor large.&nbsp; It's impossible to guarantee a win. The gamblers who followed continued&nbsp;&nbsp; to shake the cup, and all their results&nbsp; were lower than 18 points, which gave&nbsp;&nbsp; Uncle Dan renewed hope of winning. Until Xiao Qiang shook his head,&nbsp;&nbsp; Danielson's 18 points had always been the highest. This has led him to fantasize about winning the&nbsp;&nbsp; game and rake in a whopping 45 million euros. An excited smile involuntarily&nbsp;&nbsp; appeared on his lips. Xiao Qiang casually picked&nbsp;&nbsp; up the dice cup, shook it a few times,&nbsp; and then put it face down on the table.&nbsp; "Open...open..." The surrounding&nbsp;&nbsp; audience was already getting impatient. Xiao Qiang then whispered in Su Maya's ear,&nbsp;&nbsp; who was also disguised, "Darling, you are my&nbsp; lucky goddess. Help me uncover the truth."&nbsp; Sumaya, blushing slightly after&nbsp; being confessed to in public,&nbsp;&nbsp; gazed deeply at her Prince Charming, then took&nbsp; a deep breath and swiftly lifted the dice cup.&nbsp; "Wow...cool..." On the desktop,&nbsp;&nbsp; the numbers 3.5.5.6 and 19 were clearly visible. As luck would have it, he's just a&nbsp;&nbsp; little older than Danielson. Xiao Qiang looked at Danielson,&nbsp;&nbsp; who was pounding his chest and stamping&nbsp; his feet, with a provocative expression.&nbsp; Uncle Dan, a wealthy and powerful&nbsp; man, was also a man of great spirit;&nbsp;&nbsp; how could he tolerate such provocation? "What's with the arrogance? Let's go again!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, who won a whopping 45 million&nbsp; euros in one game, immediately raised the&nbsp;&nbsp; stakes for a single game to 10 million euros. Some people quit, while others continued to join.&nbsp; The betting continues. In the following rounds of gambling,&nbsp;&nbsp; if someone rolls a higher number than Danielson,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang will selectively let them win.&nbsp; After all, it would be too strange&nbsp; for someone to keep winning.&nbsp; If Danielson has the highest score,&nbsp; then he'll just use cheats to give&nbsp;&nbsp; his opponent a rollercoaster ride. Most importantly, Xiao Qiang always&nbsp;&nbsp; scored only slightly more than Danielson. This always leaves the other party feeling&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely regretful, yet helpless! In subsequent games, the ante never&nbsp;&nbsp; fell below 10 million, and after 7 rounds,&nbsp; Danielson's chips were reduced to only 2 million.&nbsp; Uncle Dan, who was completely bloodthirsty,&nbsp; had bloodshot eyes and was breathing rapidly.&nbsp; Anyone who didn't know better would&nbsp; think it was a case of a person&nbsp;&nbsp; with high blood pressure having a seizure! "Hey, poor old man, are you still playing or&nbsp;&nbsp; not? If you don't have money, go somewhere else&nbsp; to play. It's no fun trying to save face here."&nbsp; "We're not in the same social circle. What's&nbsp; the point of forcing yourself to join?"&nbsp; Danielson, who was already a bit&nbsp; agitated, had his blood pressure&nbsp;&nbsp; spike even higher after Xiao Qiang's words. "You...you f***ing...who's the poor old man?&nbsp;&nbsp; Who's pretending to be rich when&nbsp; they're not? Explain yourself..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang also looked serious, "Which of the&nbsp; guests who play this kind of game doesn't have&nbsp;&nbsp; a net worth of at least a billion?" "Taking out a few hundred million&nbsp;&nbsp; is a piece of cake, isn't it?" Xiao Qiang was right; the guests&nbsp;&nbsp; at the table now all have billions in assets. "Who says I don't... I'm a billionaire too!"&nbsp; Danielson had been so provoked that he&nbsp; had lost his ability to think normally&nbsp;&nbsp; and was speaking entirely according&nbsp; to the script set by Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Normally, a billionaire wouldn't announce&nbsp; in public that they are a billionaire.&nbsp; After all, not everyone has Teng&nbsp; Ge's goofy personality, like saying,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm a billionaire, I'm coming clean..." "You're a billionaire? Then show me a&nbsp;&nbsp; hundred million or two! I could say I'm&nbsp; a billionaire, would you believe me?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang spread his hands and asked the crowd. This caused everyone to burst into laughter.&nbsp; But to Danielson, the bursts of laughter were&nbsp; clearly a merciless mockery directed at him.&nbsp; "You just wait, I'm going to get the&nbsp; money. We'll settle this in 20 minutes..."&nbsp; The angrier Danielson was,&nbsp; the happier Xiao Qiang was.&nbsp; Meanwhile, Sumaya, standing nearby,&nbsp; had no idea why her Prince Charming was&nbsp;&nbsp; deliberately targeting this poor old man. But because she loved Xiao Qiang so much,&nbsp;&nbsp; she saw all of his actions as incredibly handsome. "If you can come up with 100 million in chips,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll call you big brother. If you can&nbsp; come up with 700 million, 800 million,&nbsp;&nbsp; or even 1 billion, I'll call you grandpa." All witnesses testify that there&nbsp;&nbsp; was no deception, young or old. The wealthy people at the gambling&nbsp;&nbsp; tables and the onlookers around them were all&nbsp; completely ignited by Xiao Qiang's actions.&nbsp; Everyone came here to relax, and&nbsp; they all joined in the commotion.&nbsp; "Quick, make him call me grandpa!" Xiao Qiang, on the other hand, had an expression&nbsp; that said he had his opponent completely under his&nbsp;&nbsp; control; that expression was truly... You can be as shameless as you want.&nbsp; I fucking want to kick him a couple of times. "You just wait, get ready to call me grandpa."&nbsp; After saying that, he left the gambling table. The straightforward, tech-savvy Danielson has&nbsp;&nbsp; completely lost his mind. All he wants now is for the&nbsp;&nbsp; other person to call him grandpa and to see&nbsp; the other person's embarrassed expression. Chapter 80: Acquiring another 19% stake in Asmai. After Danielson left, Xiao Qiang whispered a few&nbsp;&nbsp; words to Su Maya and then left as well. Taking advantage of the darkness,&nbsp;&nbsp; he jumped off the edge of the cruise ship. Five minutes later, there was a knock on&nbsp;&nbsp; the door of Soumaya's presidential suite. Xiao Qiang, still half-asleep, yawned and said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "My dear Danielson, don't you know it's very&nbsp; impolite to disturb someone's sleep at night?"&nbsp; Despite his burning anger, Danielson dared not&nbsp; show the slightest bit of rage or dissatisfaction&nbsp;&nbsp; in front of this Chinese tycoon. I forced a smile onto my face. Danielson spoke again, "Mr. Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; I would like to transfer another portion&nbsp; of the Asmai shares; I need money!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang rubbed his sleepy eyes and yawned&nbsp; repeatedly. "Darling Dan, how many shares&nbsp;&nbsp; are you planning to transfer this time? Besides,&nbsp; can't you come to me after you wake up tomorrow?"&nbsp; Ah... I'm so sleepy... Danielson said apologetically,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm so sorry, Mr. Xiao. Don't worry, I will&nbsp; never bother you late at night again after this."&nbsp; I'm transferring 19% of my shares this time. Xiao Qiang was taken aback,&nbsp;&nbsp; but secretly he was overjoyed. People are no longer sleepy,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they no longer yawn. "Darling Dan, what do&nbsp;&nbsp; you need so much money for? Is it a bit...&nbsp; irresponsible to gamble with so much money?"&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Danielson, who had&nbsp; been relatively calm just moments before,&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly erupted in anger. "Dear Mr.&nbsp; Xiao, I just encountered a despicable&nbsp;&nbsp; Indian guy who actually called me a poor man." He even said that if I could come up with 1&nbsp;&nbsp; billion, he would call me grandpa. I want him to call me grandpa…&nbsp; As he spoke, Danielson grinned, clearly&nbsp; showing his deep hatred for that "Indian."&nbsp; "Oh, that's really... Indians are so&nbsp; awful... I want to beat him up..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said indignantly from the side. "Mr. Xiao, could you do me this favor?"&nbsp; Danielson stared at Xiao Qiang with anticipation. "Absolutely. We Chinese believe in standing by&nbsp;&nbsp; a friend in need. Don't worry, I will do&nbsp; everything I can to help you, my friend."&nbsp; Danielson was so moved that he was almost in&nbsp; tears. How could there be such a big difference&nbsp;&nbsp; in people's character when we are both Asian? The two quickly signed a share transfer&nbsp;&nbsp; agreement, and after a short wait, the&nbsp; exchange completed the share transfer.&nbsp; Looking at the 1.52 billion euros that&nbsp; had been deposited into the bank account.&nbsp; Danielson, who had been dejected, became excited. “Dear Xiao, thank you for your great&nbsp;&nbsp; help. I’m determined to be your friend.” I'm leaving now, we can talk again tomorrow.&nbsp; After saying that, he hurriedly left the room. He even declined Xiao Qiang's invitation to&nbsp;&nbsp; have a glass of 1982 Lafite. As soon as Danielson left,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang rushed into the bathroom. Ten minutes later, at the same gambling table.&nbsp; "Going to the toilet feels so refreshing. Where's&nbsp; that poor bastard? Why isn't he here yet? Did he&nbsp;&nbsp; turn around and become a coward?" Xiao Qiang has now become&nbsp;&nbsp; that despicable Indian again. "You damn Indian...you're talking nonsense..."&nbsp; Danielson, who is always a gentleman,&nbsp; had just arrived at the gambling table&nbsp;&nbsp; with 100 million euros in chips when he&nbsp; heard this despicable guy's shouting.&nbsp; Uncle Dan stormed up to the table, fuming, "Open&nbsp; your dog eyes and look at this! What is this?"&nbsp; This is 100 million in chips, and&nbsp; this is 1.42 billion in bank deposits.&nbsp; You Indian, can you even understand this? Xiao Qiang feigned shock as he&nbsp;&nbsp; looked at Danielson, his mouth agape. Meanwhile, the onlookers started jeering again,&nbsp;&nbsp; shouting, "Call him grandpa...call him grandpa..." Danielson, venting his anger,&nbsp;&nbsp; wore a smug expression. Meanwhile, Xiao Qiang looked&nbsp;&nbsp; troubled, glancing hesitantly at Uncle Dan. "What? You Indian, are you trying to renege on&nbsp;&nbsp; your promise? There are so many people watching." Xiao Qiang's face showed struggle, then,&nbsp;&nbsp; as if he had made up his mind,&nbsp; he said with a livid expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Grandpa...Grandpa...you are mighty ..." Although Xiao Qiang's face was contorted&nbsp;&nbsp; with displeasure as he called him&nbsp; "Grandpa," looking as disgusted as&nbsp;&nbsp; if he'd eaten shit, he was secretly overjoyed. "I, Xiaoqiang, am flexible and adaptable. What can&nbsp;&nbsp; you do if I call you 'Grandpa' a few times?" I own 20% of Asma's shares.&nbsp; Although the methods were somewhat&nbsp; despicable, what did they matter in&nbsp;&nbsp; the face of national righteousness? The methods used by the US to contain&nbsp;&nbsp; China's rise are even more shameless than this. This time, I've made this engineering student&nbsp;&nbsp; lose so much money; I'll find a chance to&nbsp; pay him back later. Anyway, Xiao Qiang wasn't&nbsp;&nbsp; after Danielson's money in the first place. Danielson was overjoyed to hear the other party&nbsp;&nbsp; keep his promise and call him "grandpa". He was as happy as an old boy.&nbsp; Just as he was about to organize everyone to&nbsp; fight until dawn, an announcement came over&nbsp;&nbsp; the loudspeaker that the casino was about to close&nbsp; and that everyone should come back the next day.&nbsp; Helpless, Danielson could only say to&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, who was playing the Indian,&nbsp;&nbsp; "If you're so capable, don't be a coward&nbsp; tomorrow night, let's continue this duel!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang naturally wouldn't&nbsp; refuse and readily agreed.&nbsp; On their way back to their room, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang and Lin Hao walked together.&nbsp; Each of the three had wins and losses,&nbsp; but the amounts were small, so neither&nbsp;&nbsp; win nor loss affected their mood. Seeing that the three of them were&nbsp;&nbsp; now accompanied by another beautiful&nbsp; woman, Xiao Qiang was not surprised.&nbsp; Such luxurious 10-day tours are a constant&nbsp; backdrop for one-night stands of romance.&nbsp; Back in the presidential suite, Xiao Qiang and&nbsp; Su Maya naturally had an in-depth conversation.&nbsp; Su Maya not only developed a taste for it but&nbsp; also became incredibly curious, trying her best&nbsp;&nbsp; to satisfy Xiao Qiang's various bizarre requests. When encountering problems they don't understand,&nbsp;&nbsp; they humbly seek guidance and can&nbsp; quickly and calmly deal with them.&nbsp; The music has ended, but the&nbsp; people haven't dispersed!&nbsp; Looking at the soundly sleeping&nbsp; Sumaia, Xiao Qiang poured himself&nbsp;&nbsp; a glass of Château Lafite Rothschild red&nbsp; wine and sat on the balcony to savor it.&nbsp; Just then, a sneaky voice came over,&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, is this a convenient time?&nbsp;&nbsp; I need to talk to you about something!" Xiao Qiang said irritably, "Come out!"&nbsp; In fact, Xiao Qiang had spotted the old&nbsp; man as soon as he reached the window,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he was so engrossed in his feelings that&nbsp; he had no time to look at anything else.&nbsp; "I'll let it slide since Jeffers&nbsp; paid me $3 billion last night."&nbsp; But you old rascal, why do you always&nbsp; like to eavesdrop through windows?&nbsp; Do you have some kind of weird or unusual hobby?&nbsp; Joseph blushed deeply after&nbsp; It's inconvenient to contact Xiao Qiang during&nbsp; the day, as Rivers has spies everywhere.&nbsp; They finally waited for nightfall, but as&nbsp; soon as they arrived at Xiao Qiang's window,&nbsp;&nbsp; they heard that familiar calling voice again. Even Joseph, who was of age and had reached&nbsp;&nbsp; a state of tranquility and detachment, felt his&nbsp; blood boil after listening for more than an hour.&nbsp; He couldn't help but marvel, "How come this&nbsp; Chinese kid is so formidable in every way!" Chapter 81 Conspiracy and Cooperation "Speak, what do you want from me? Does Jeffers&nbsp;&nbsp; have so much money he can't spend it all, and&nbsp; is trying every possible way to send me money?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said leisurely&nbsp; as he sipped his red wine.&nbsp; Joseph looked embarrassed. "Mr. Xiao, it's like this, my young&nbsp;&nbsp; master would like to discuss a collaboration&nbsp; with you, but due to some special reasons,&nbsp;&nbsp; he cannot come to you directly, so..." Xiao Qiang was stunned when he heard&nbsp;&nbsp; this. If you want to talk to me about&nbsp; cooperation, then come here. Why the&nbsp;&nbsp; hell is it inconvenient for you to come to me? "So that means I have to go find him myself?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stared at Joseph with displeasure. "Mr. Xiao, please don't misunderstand. Young&nbsp;&nbsp; Master Jeffers does have some&nbsp; unspeakable difficulties. He&nbsp;&nbsp; will explain to you personally later." He also said that once you go, you'll definitely&nbsp;&nbsp; be very interested in the collaboration. Xiao Qiang swirled the red wine in his glass, and&nbsp;&nbsp; the fiery red liquid naturally clung to the glass. "Fine, I can go with you! But if you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; satisfy me, you know what will happen!" Meanwhile, Xiao Qiang was wondering if Jeffers's 3&nbsp;&nbsp; billion dollar gesture yesterday was a big gift he&nbsp; was giving in advance to invite him over tonight.&nbsp; Joseph replied confidently,&nbsp; "You'll definitely be interested!"&nbsp; After saying that, the two climbed up the&nbsp; viewing balcony to Jeffers' presidential suite.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, I'm sorry to invite you in this way." Looking at Jeffers's composed and polite demeanor,&nbsp;&nbsp; it was hard to reconcile him with the image&nbsp; of a spoiled brat that we had first met.&nbsp; "You gave me such a huge gift of 3&nbsp; billion just so you could talk to me&nbsp;&nbsp; about a collaboration late at night?" Xiao Qiang cut to the chase and asked.&nbsp; "Speak, what do you want from me?" Jeffers nodded. "That's right. I just&nbsp;&nbsp; want Mr. Xiao to see my sincerity&nbsp; in seeking cooperation with you."&nbsp; This surprised Xiao Qiang. The Luo&nbsp; family was really generous. They&nbsp;&nbsp; showed their sincerity with such a grand gesture. If this collaboration actually comes to fruition,&nbsp;&nbsp; how much would the reward be? This made him look forward to it.&nbsp; After a brief pause, Jeffers began to tell Xiao&nbsp; Qiang about the modern-day palace drama of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Luo family's struggle for inheritance&nbsp; and the infighting among the brothers.&nbsp; After listening to Jeffers' story, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; frowned. "I'm just an ordinary Chinese person.&nbsp; I really can't think of any way I can help you."&nbsp; Compared to the profound heritage of your&nbsp; Luo family, spanning hundreds of years,&nbsp;&nbsp; I feel like a complete nobody. Jeffers shook his head with a smile,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, dealing with Rivers and his cronies&nbsp; is naturally not something you need to do."&nbsp; I will handle it in my own way. All I need is for you to use your unpredictable&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese martial arts at the crucial moment to&nbsp; help me block an old man in black next to Rivers.&nbsp; "I'll take care of the rest." Xiao Qiang nodded as if he suddenly&nbsp;&nbsp; understood. This was indeed a real-life portrayal&nbsp; of Goujian's perseverance and humiliation.&nbsp; To deceive his elder brother, Jeffers presented&nbsp; himself as a typical rich playboy for the past&nbsp;&nbsp; three years, indulging in pleasure, indulging&nbsp; in wine and women, and even disregarding the&nbsp;&nbsp; family precept against interracial marriage,&nbsp; insisting on marrying a woman from another family.&nbsp; This further disillusioned the current head&nbsp; of the family, his own father, with Jeffers.&nbsp; Rivers was naturally pleased with&nbsp; this outcome, but he did not relax his&nbsp;&nbsp; surveillance on his brother at all. "What benefits will I get?"&nbsp; Now that we have a general understanding&nbsp; of the scope of the collaboration, let's&nbsp;&nbsp; discuss the terms of the collaboration! Seeing Xiao Qiang's greedy expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeffers smiled faintly. "Once I become the head of&nbsp;&nbsp; the Rothschild family, I can give you a lot&nbsp; of money. How about 10 billion US dollars?"&nbsp; Jeffers offered a temptation that&nbsp; he believed no one could resist.&nbsp; Then he stared intently at Xiao Qiang, waiting&nbsp; to see how the other party would react.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, who had previously looked&nbsp; greedy, suddenly changed his demeanor.&nbsp; He looked at Jeffers with&nbsp; amusement, then muttered to himself:&nbsp; "The Rothschild family is the oldest&nbsp; reclusive family in the Western world."&nbsp; Furthermore, they are the spiritual leaders&nbsp; of Jewish and Taybarian people in the world&nbsp;&nbsp; today. Among the leaders of the United&nbsp; States at the senator level and above,&nbsp;&nbsp; 60% are Jewish and Taybarian. It could even be said that the&nbsp;&nbsp; foreign policy of the United States largely&nbsp; represents the spirit and will of you Jewish&nbsp;&nbsp; people, and stands in your interest. And you should be well aware of how&nbsp;&nbsp; many of these policies are actually&nbsp; the will of your Rothschild family.&nbsp; What do you gain by becoming the head&nbsp; of the Rothschild family? Endless&nbsp;&nbsp; wealth? The power to control everything? I think you know this better than I do.&nbsp; Hearing Xiao Qiang say this, Jeffers'&nbsp; expression gradually darkened.&nbsp; This is truly a difficult&nbsp; Chinese person to deal with.&nbsp; Jeffers forced a smile. "Mr. Xiao, please&nbsp; let me know your thoughts. As long as&nbsp;&nbsp; they're not too outrageous, I'll consider them." "My conditions are actually very simple. First,&nbsp;&nbsp; I want all the shares of Cyber in the United&nbsp; States and Zeiss in Germany and Italy."&nbsp; "Secondly, once you become the head of&nbsp; the family, I hope that my companies&nbsp;&nbsp; will not encounter unfair treatment in Western&nbsp; countries, especially in the United States."&nbsp; Jeffers frowned. Although the US company&nbsp; Cyber had a market value of only $3.5 billion,&nbsp;&nbsp; it possessed the world's most advanced core&nbsp; optical technology, providing light sources for&nbsp;&nbsp; mainstream DuV lithography machine manufacturers&nbsp; such as Asmay, Nikon, Toshiba, and Samsung.&nbsp; The largest shareholder of this company is&nbsp; the Rothschild family, and the company is&nbsp;&nbsp; currently controlled by Jeffers' side. The German company Zeiss, with a market&nbsp;&nbsp; capitalization of only $3.9 billion, is&nbsp; a world-class supplier of optical lenses.&nbsp; This company also monopolizes the high-precision&nbsp; optical lenses used in lithography machines.&nbsp; Although Yothai Capital only holds a 20%&nbsp; stake in the company, in Jeffers' eyes,&nbsp;&nbsp; acquiring a company with a market value of&nbsp; only $3.9 billion is just a matter of a word.&nbsp; Jeffers had been weighing the pros and&nbsp; cons, and he certainly knew what it&nbsp;&nbsp; would mean to transfer all the shares of&nbsp; these two companies to a Chinese person.&nbsp; However, he then thought that Yothai Capital&nbsp; controls countless cutting-edge technologies&nbsp;&nbsp; around the world, and losing an advantage&nbsp; in a few areas would not affect Yothai&nbsp;&nbsp; Capital's huge global influence. Moreover, if sacrificing this&nbsp;&nbsp; small amount of profit could secure&nbsp; the support of this Chinese man,&nbsp;&nbsp; the gains from taking control of the Rothschild&nbsp; family would be negligible compared to this loss.&nbsp; Having figured all this out, Jeffers&nbsp; no longer hesitated. "No problem,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can agree to any of your conditions." Xiao Qiang burst into hearty laughter.&nbsp; "Then we'd better sign some agreements to avoid&nbsp; any unnecessary misunderstandings in the future."&nbsp; Upon hearing Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; request, Jeffers cursed inwardly.&nbsp; He certainly knew what signing&nbsp; such a paper agreement meant.&nbsp; This will become irrefutable evidence of&nbsp; his attempt to usurp power and betray the&nbsp;&nbsp; interests of the Jewish people. If it were to&nbsp; leak out and be discovered by the family elders,&nbsp;&nbsp; even if he were the head of the family, he would&nbsp; face the risk of being deposed by the elders. Chapter 82 Princess of Sasha But if he doesn't sign, he won't even&nbsp;&nbsp; have a chance to become the head of the family. Seeing Jeffers's somber expression, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; spoke again, "This agreement is only to ensure&nbsp; that our cooperation can have a complete end."&nbsp; Moreover, I am a businessman,&nbsp; and I only care about whether&nbsp;&nbsp; my business interests can be guaranteed. Rest assured, as long as the cooperation&nbsp;&nbsp; proceeds smoothly, this agreement will&nbsp; forever remain a secret between you and me.&nbsp; No third party will ever know. Hearing Xiao Qiang say this,&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeffers' doubts were largely dispelled. Ultimately, Jeffers and Xiao Qiang signed&nbsp;&nbsp; a groundbreaking cooperation agreement. Jeffers agreed that he would take two&nbsp;&nbsp; months to privatize the two publicly&nbsp; traded companies and then delist them.&nbsp; After the delisting is completed,&nbsp; 100% of the shares of the two&nbsp;&nbsp; companies will be transferred to Xiao Qiang. Before leaving Jeffers' room, Xiao Qiang suddenly&nbsp;&nbsp; asked, "Have you taken the pills I gave you?" Jeffers looked completely bewildered. "No, no!"&nbsp; Jeffers must have thrown that&nbsp; pill somewhere out of the way.&nbsp; "Tch, that's some good stuff." You can ask him if it works well;&nbsp;&nbsp; it only takes an hour. Jeffers looked at Joseph with suspicion,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the latter looked embarrassed. He stepped&nbsp; forward and whispered something in Jeffers' ear.&nbsp; After listening to Joseph's story, Jeffers&nbsp; looked at Xiao Qiang with a strange expression.&nbsp; "Really? You relied on that pill?" Xiao Qiang nodded. "You'll know once you try."&nbsp; In the following days,&nbsp;&nbsp; with Xiao Qiang's help, Danielson went further and&nbsp; further down the path of selling stocks to raise&nbsp;&nbsp; gambling funds, and there was no turning back. At the end of the final night of the gambling&nbsp;&nbsp; king competition, Uncle Dan was&nbsp; left with only 8% of Asmai shares.&nbsp; In just 10 days, this brilliant STEM&nbsp; student lost a staggering $2.7 billion.&nbsp; Looking at the whole world, this would&nbsp; probably be considered astonishing.&nbsp; Danielson himself acted as if nothing had&nbsp; happened after losing such a large sum of money.&nbsp; "Dear Xiao, thank you for your&nbsp; great help these past few days.&nbsp;&nbsp; You've really given me a great time." I'm disembarking tomorrow and going&nbsp;&nbsp; back to work. If you ever have the chance to&nbsp; visit Holland again, be sure to contact me.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked at the man he&nbsp; had tricked out of most of his&nbsp;&nbsp; Ass sales shares and who was now sincerely&nbsp; thanking him, and felt incredibly ashamed.&nbsp; I can only convince myself that I&nbsp; can make it up to the other party&nbsp;&nbsp; when the opportunity arises later. “Uncle Danielson, if your company ever&nbsp;&nbsp; needs financing in the future, you can contact&nbsp; me. My offer will definitely satisfy you.”&nbsp; Danielson was taken aback. "Dear&nbsp; Xiao, now that you mention it,&nbsp;&nbsp; I do remember that we are currently conducting&nbsp; research and development on key technologies&nbsp;&nbsp; and are desperately seeking funding." But as a friend, I must tell you that&nbsp;&nbsp; this research is far from successful. If you&nbsp; invest, it might be a complete waste of money.&nbsp; But if it succeeds, your investment&nbsp; will yield a huge return.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang knew, of course, that ASML&nbsp; was currently working on tackling the&nbsp;&nbsp; challenges of extreme ultraviolet lithography&nbsp; technology, specifically the development of&nbsp;&nbsp; EUV lithography machines, and that&nbsp; a breakthrough was expected in 2009.&nbsp; He also knew that in the field of DUV lithography&nbsp; machines, companies such as ASML, Nikon, Toshiba,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Samsung were vying for dominance, while&nbsp; in the more advanced field of EUV lithography&nbsp;&nbsp; machines, ASML monopolized the market. "That's wonderful. Here's what we'll do:&nbsp;&nbsp; go back and report to the board of directors.&nbsp; With such an outstanding scientist as Danielson,&nbsp;&nbsp; I believe you will succeed." "Okay, then wait for my call!"&nbsp; On the last night of the luxury cruise,&nbsp;&nbsp; the ship's beautiful models were in high demand,&nbsp; rushing from one room to another for a gig.&nbsp; It's not uncommon for two or three&nbsp; models to come out of a single room.&nbsp; Inside the presidential suite of Somaya. The two, who had just finished a fierce&nbsp;&nbsp; battle, embraced each other affectionately. "My dearest Xiao, we're parting ways tomorrow,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'm so reluctant to leave you..." As she spoke, Su Maya hugged&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang even tighter. I can't bear to part with you either.&nbsp; Maya, I will visit you in England often! "No need, I've already told my family to process&nbsp;&nbsp; my transfer. I'm going to study at Yenching&nbsp; University so we can be together more often."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was shocked. Was it really that easy&nbsp; to process international transfer procedures?&nbsp; “Maya, what does your family do? As far as I know,&nbsp; this kind of international transfer procedure is&nbsp;&nbsp; very complicated and requires the approval of&nbsp; the education ministries of both countries.”&nbsp; "My home? You want to know?" Xiao Qiang's left eyelid&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly twitched violently. I've slept with them for several nights,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I don't even know what they do at home. "My name is Soumaya Abdullah Aziz"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stared blankly at Su Maya, thinking&nbsp; to himself, "Your family name is really long."&nbsp; Sumaya saw that Xiao Qiang hadn't reacted yet. She continued, "There are computers over there.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can look up Abdullah Aziz. There's only&nbsp; one family in Shasha with that surname."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang muttered to himself, "Why&nbsp; didn't you just sue me directly? Why&nbsp;&nbsp; did you make me investigate?" But he still went straight to&nbsp;&nbsp; the computer and started looking it up. This discovery gave Xiao Qiang a big shock:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Abdullah Aziz, the royal family&nbsp; name of the Sasha Kingdom?"&nbsp; "Maya, are you a member of the&nbsp; Sasha Kingdom's royal family?"&nbsp; Sumaya smiled and nodded. "My&nbsp; father is the King of Shasha."&nbsp; "What? Your dad's a king? Then you're a princess?" Seeing Xiao Qiang's utterly shocked expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Maya's smile grew even brighter. Somaya nodded playfully, "Yes!"&nbsp; "Maya, why didn't you say so sooner?" "You didn't ask..."&nbsp; The next day, the sea was&nbsp; clear and the sky was high.&nbsp; At 11 a.m., the Europa returned to&nbsp; the Greek port city of Pyrgården.&nbsp; "Maya, I'll be waiting for you in China!" Before parting, Xiao Qiang and Su&nbsp;&nbsp; Maya had one last heartfelt farewell. "What's wrong with you three? Did you twist&nbsp;&nbsp; your kidneys while riding that foreign horse?" Seeing the three of them looking so dejected,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang couldn't help but make a joke. "Xiao Qiang, you're gloating!"&nbsp; However, although this foreign horse is&nbsp; quite wild, it is indeed not easy to handle.&nbsp; Always dreaming of turning the tables&nbsp; and riding on their master's back.&nbsp; Dazi looked terrified at&nbsp; the mere mention of horses.&nbsp; "Speaking of which, Xiaoqiang, you've been living&nbsp; with Maya for so many days, how come you still&nbsp;&nbsp; look so refreshed and like nothing's wrong?" "Hey? Xiaoqiang, are you impotent? Spending&nbsp;&nbsp; the whole night in the presidential suite&nbsp; chatting about life with a gorgeous girl?"&nbsp; Lin Hao also started joking with Xiao Qiang. "Get lost! Dude, you're possessed by the God of&nbsp;&nbsp; War, taking on ten at once wouldn't be a problem." Seriously, when we get back to China, I'll send&nbsp;&nbsp; you guys some traditional Chinese medicine; I&nbsp; guarantee it'll transform you into war gods.&nbsp; Xiao Ji immediately became interested,&nbsp; "Really? Does it really work?"&nbsp; "Nonsense, why would I lie to you?" The three of them immediately wanted to&nbsp;&nbsp; return to their home country as soon as possible,&nbsp; not wanting to stay here for even a minute longer. Chapter 83 The Number One Conman At 5 p.m. that day, the four of them&nbsp;&nbsp; finally boarded an international&nbsp; flight from Athens to Beijing.&nbsp; Su Xinlu did not travel with the&nbsp; four of them because she had not&nbsp;&nbsp; yet finished dealing with her business. This left Xiao Qiang bored throughout the&nbsp;&nbsp; journey. After reflecting on his gains from the&nbsp; Mediterranean trip, he fell into a deep sleep.&nbsp; The biggest gain from this trip to the&nbsp; Mediterranean was acquiring a 27% stake in&nbsp;&nbsp; Asmay. At that time, Asmay was still relatively&nbsp; unknown, and its DuV lithography machines&nbsp;&nbsp; only held a 25% share of the global market. But within a few years, it will grow into an&nbsp;&nbsp; undisputed behemoth in the global lithography&nbsp; machine industry, capable of influencing&nbsp;&nbsp; the global landscape of high-tech development. Secondly, CyberLight and Zeiss will be ASML's most&nbsp;&nbsp; important supply chain suppliers in the future. Therefore, Xiao Qiang's move can be seen as a&nbsp;&nbsp; proactive measure to avoid hindering&nbsp; Asma's development in the future.&nbsp; Although we haven't acquired these two&nbsp; companies yet, they're practically a&nbsp;&nbsp; done deal, just waiting to be served. Secondly, although a significant portion&nbsp;&nbsp; of the 4 billion euros "swindled" from&nbsp; Jeffers was spent on buying shares in AS,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang won it back from the casino, along with&nbsp; the winnings from the casino over 10 days and the&nbsp;&nbsp; gambling king's bonus he received on the last day. Xiao Qiang had a full 5 billion euros sitting&nbsp;&nbsp; in his foreign exchange account. The plane landed smoothly at Yanjing&nbsp;&nbsp; Airport at 4 p.m. the following afternoon. As soon as I got off the plane,&nbsp;&nbsp; my phone started ringing non-stop,&nbsp; with more than twenty missed calls.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang immediately called Lin Haiyuan back. "Xiaoqiang, you little bastard, what have you&nbsp;&nbsp; been doing these past few days? I've&nbsp; called you more than a dozen times and&nbsp;&nbsp; sent you five or six text messages, and&nbsp; you haven't replied to a single one."&nbsp; "Are you still producing your medicine?" As soon as the call connected, Lin Haiyuan roared.&nbsp; "Ahem..." Xiao Qiang chuckled awkwardly&nbsp; twice. "Old Lin, I'm really sorry. After&nbsp;&nbsp; delivering the medicine to you that day, a few&nbsp; of my buddies and I took a spontaneous trip.&nbsp;&nbsp; Because we were in such a hurry, we forgot to&nbsp; activate international service on our phones."&nbsp; I'm so sorry! "Of course it's true, would I lie to you?" "That's not necessarily true. You little&nbsp;&nbsp; rascal, you're really cunning!" Okay, since you've sincerely admitted&nbsp;&nbsp; your mistake, I'll forgive you. "Old Master Lin is magnanimous;&nbsp;&nbsp; his belly can hold a boat!" "Alright, stop flattering me! Your&nbsp;&nbsp; two drugs completed pharmacological monitoring on&nbsp; October 3rd, and are ready for mass production..."&nbsp; "So fast? We really have to thank Elder Lin!" "So how are you going to thank me?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was taken aback. Something's&nbsp; not right. Why is Old Lin being so&nbsp;&nbsp; cooperative today? I was just being polite! However, he quickly realized something and&nbsp;&nbsp; tentatively asked, "Um... Elder Lin, how about&nbsp; I bring you some Shenyang Kangtai Pills?"&nbsp; "Well, then I'll reluctantly accept... If it's&nbsp; convenient... um... send over a few more...&nbsp;&nbsp; I have many friends here..." Lin Haiyuan spoke haltingly!&nbsp; "Oh...oh, no problem,&nbsp; there's enough for everyone!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was secretly pleased. So they&nbsp; were after my Shenyang Kangtai Pills!&nbsp; "Also, I've secured a deal for you. The&nbsp; higher-ups have ordered the purchase of 10&nbsp;&nbsp; million Shenyang Kangtai pills. You should get the&nbsp; pharmaceutical factory ready as soon as possible,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'll bring people to your factory&nbsp; this afternoon to sign the contract."&nbsp; He then informed Xiao Qiang of&nbsp; the intended use of the medicine.&nbsp; This unexpected and wonderful news filled&nbsp; Xiao Qiang with immense joy. He certainly&nbsp;&nbsp; knew where Lin Haiyuan was referring to. A few days earlier, Lin Haiyuan was practicing&nbsp;&nbsp; Tai Chi early in the morning when he suddenly&nbsp; received a call from the leader's secretary,&nbsp;&nbsp; asking him to come to the office at 8 o'clock. This puzzled Lin Haiyuan greatly.&nbsp;&nbsp; What was the rush? Why was it so early? However, he quickly packed up and arrived&nbsp;&nbsp; at the leader's office on time. "Old Lin, come and sit down!"&nbsp; The leader had a beaming expression on his face. "Hehe, you're too kind,&nbsp;&nbsp; sir. You look very well today..." "Yes, quite a few people say that too."&nbsp; After a few simple polite exchanges, the two... "Old Lin, about that medicine from a few days&nbsp;&nbsp; ago... I've already arranged for the drug&nbsp; administration to expedite the drug testing...&nbsp;&nbsp; We should have the results in a day or two..." Oh, right. This time, the unit is purchasing that&nbsp;&nbsp; medicine as a benefit for all cadres&nbsp; at the department level and above.&nbsp; Good health and family harmony enable them to&nbsp; better contribute to the country's development.&nbsp; I'll have my colleagues in the purchasing office&nbsp; contact you. You can take them to meet with the&nbsp;&nbsp; pharmaceutical factory. "The leader is wise!"&nbsp; After hanging up Lin Haiyuan's call,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang called Fu Hao again.&nbsp; He was in a flurry of activity in his&nbsp; office when he saw Xiao Qiang's call,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it was like seeing a savior. "Oh my, Mr. Qiang, you've&nbsp;&nbsp; finally decided to answer the phone?" Fu Hao almost cried when he said this.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang gave a wry smile. "President&nbsp; Fu, what's wrong? Has the sky fallen?"&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, you son of a bitch, you've only been&nbsp; gone for three days and the production licenses&nbsp;&nbsp; for two drugs have already been issued." I called you but no one answered.&nbsp; Old Lin brought his men over and&nbsp; said he wanted to directly purchase&nbsp;&nbsp; 10 million pills of Shenyang Kangtai Pills. I was planning to discuss it with you before&nbsp;&nbsp; starting production. But I couldn't get in&nbsp; touch with you, so three days ago I had the&nbsp;&nbsp; production department start full-scale&nbsp; production of Shenyang Kangtai Pills.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was quite happy to hear this, as&nbsp; he felt he had gained some ability to make&nbsp;&nbsp; independent decisions. "Are there enough&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese medicinal herbs in stock?" "I can't help but laugh when I think&nbsp;&nbsp; about this. Niu Bi is in charge of purchasing&nbsp; Chinese medicinal herbs. He's been so busy with&nbsp;&nbsp; the production department these past few days that&nbsp; he doesn't even dare to answer the phone anymore.&nbsp;&nbsp; He's leading his team to work 18 hours a day, and&nbsp; thankfully he's doing a great job. The supply of&nbsp;&nbsp; raw materials is currently sufficient." Xiao Qiang was even happier when he heard&nbsp;&nbsp; this. These brothers were really&nbsp; capable and worked really hard.&nbsp; "There's a problem I also need to tell you. Our&nbsp; pharmaceutical factory only has a daily production&nbsp;&nbsp; capacity of 500,000 pills. In the past three days,&nbsp; we've only produced 1.5 million pills. And that's&nbsp;&nbsp; only if we're producing Shenyang Kangtai Pills." Xiao Qiang nodded after hearing this, "Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; I understand. I'll be back at the&nbsp; pharmaceutical factory in half an hour,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we'll discuss the details when we meet." After parting ways with Lin Hao and the others,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang took a taxi and returned to the&nbsp; pharmaceutical factory as soon as possible.&nbsp; Inside Fu Hao's office! Xiao Qiang, Fu Hao, Dong&nbsp;&nbsp; Mingxing, and Hao Niubi were all present. After being criticized by the three men,&nbsp;&nbsp; it was Xiao Qiang's turn to speak. At this moment, Xiao Qiang adhered&nbsp;&nbsp; to the principle of not fighting back or&nbsp; arguing back, after all, he had been living&nbsp;&nbsp; a blissful life with beautiful women by his&nbsp; side and constant gunfire these past few days.&nbsp; Meanwhile, his roommates were living&nbsp; a miserable entrepreneurial life,&nbsp;&nbsp; with endless overtime, never-ending work, and&nbsp; never-ending instant noodles... They all looked&nbsp;&nbsp; pale and thin with dark circles under their eyes. He felt a little guilty after seeing it himself!&nbsp; "Hey guys, I've had a tough time lately,&nbsp; putting in a lot of effort and energy."&nbsp; But everyone knows that after&nbsp; hardship comes happiness.&nbsp; The more overtime we work now, the more instant&nbsp; noodles we eat, the more delicious food we'll&nbsp;&nbsp; have to eat, and the more Japanese girls and&nbsp; Western women we'll sleep with in the future.&nbsp; Then think about it, the hardships&nbsp; we endured when we were young,&nbsp;&nbsp; were they even considered hardships? Xiao Qiang truly lives up to his reputation as&nbsp;&nbsp; the number one con artist; when he gets going,&nbsp; he's completely convincing, even managing to&nbsp;&nbsp; squeeze out a couple of tears every now and then. The three who were just moments ago filled with&nbsp;&nbsp; righteous indignation suddenly&nbsp; realized that it made sense.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, that's enough, we all&nbsp; know, let's just complain a little."&nbsp; Next, we'll continue our efforts. The same goes for the celebrities and&nbsp;&nbsp; Niu Bi; they seemed to have been&nbsp; injected with adrenaline again. Chapter 84 Grand Ambitions "By the way, Xiaoqiang, there's also&nbsp;&nbsp; the pricing issue for this Shenyang Kangtai Pill." Fu Hao raised another crucial question: the order&nbsp;&nbsp; was in place, but the price hadn't been set yet. "Tell me your opinion..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was constantly training the three&nbsp; of them to think and make their own decisions.&nbsp; Fu Hao cleared his throat. "Based on the&nbsp; current raw material costs, the raw material&nbsp;&nbsp; cost for a single pill is about 5 yuan." Add in labor costs, marketing costs,&nbsp;&nbsp; packaging costs, fixed asset depreciation... the&nbsp; total cost of a single pill is around 10 yuan.&nbsp; Taking into account factors such as&nbsp; the mainstream price of blue pills&nbsp;&nbsp; on the market, efficacy evaluation, and&nbsp; the fact that our drug is a new drug,&nbsp;&nbsp; I suggest setting the initial&nbsp; shipment price at 80 yuan per pill.&nbsp; We will raise prices again&nbsp; based on market sales feedback.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded. Regardless of whether the&nbsp; price was reasonable, at least Fu Hao had&nbsp;&nbsp; begun to consider the issue from a professional&nbsp; perspective, which made Xiao Qiang very satisfied.&nbsp; "It seems that everyone's training and learning&nbsp; during this period has been very effective,&nbsp;&nbsp; and professional factors have been&nbsp; considered very comprehensively."&nbsp; However, there is one factor&nbsp; that everyone has overlooked.&nbsp; The three were taken aback. "Which&nbsp; factor? Xiaoqiang, tell me..."&nbsp; "Does everyone know who this first batch&nbsp; of medicine is for? It's a perk for all the&nbsp;&nbsp; sons of officials at the provincial&nbsp; level or above throughout China."&nbsp; If they, as the first users,&nbsp; approve of this drug...&nbsp; Will this create an excellent publicity effect&nbsp; in all government departments and agencies?&nbsp; These tens of millions of target customers will&nbsp; immediately create a highly effective publicity&nbsp;&nbsp; effect across the entire market. Moreover, families with the means&nbsp;&nbsp; to improve their quality of life will&nbsp; certainly have strong purchasing power.&nbsp; Therefore, our subsequent advertising and&nbsp; channel costs will inevitably be very low,&nbsp;&nbsp; coupled with a large potential customer base. I suggest that our Shenyang Kangtai Pills be&nbsp;&nbsp; developed into at least two different versions,&nbsp; depending on the target customer group.&nbsp; The first product is positioned&nbsp; for mid-to-high-end customers. It&nbsp;&nbsp; can appropriately extend the duration of the&nbsp; medicine's effects, while adding appropriate&nbsp;&nbsp; health-preserving functions and making the&nbsp; product packaging extremely high-quality.&nbsp;&nbsp; This product is priced at 499 yuan per piece! The second product is the basic version we have&nbsp;&nbsp; now, priced at 50 yuan per piece. We want&nbsp; to use this product to eliminate potential&nbsp;&nbsp; competitors in the market, especially&nbsp; foreign pharmaceutical companies,&nbsp;&nbsp; who have already made too much money in China. At the same time, we will increase the ex-factory&nbsp;&nbsp; price of both export versions of&nbsp; these two drugs by five times;&nbsp;&nbsp; we want to make a killing off foreign customers. After Xiao Qiang finished speaking, all three of&nbsp;&nbsp; them showed surprise and admiration.&nbsp; They were all roommates, so how could&nbsp;&nbsp; there be such a big difference between them? Fu Hao was also very excited and immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; went to discuss the improvement of the medicine's&nbsp; efficacy with the seven veteran doctors. At the&nbsp;&nbsp; same time, he discussed packaging improvements&nbsp; for the mid-to-high-end version with the publicity&nbsp;&nbsp; department. In the afternoon, Lin Haiyuan brought a&nbsp; middle-aged man to the pharmaceutical factory.&nbsp; The contract was signed smoothly, and Xiao Qiang&nbsp; gave a friendly price of 40 yuan per piece.&nbsp; Because the pharmaceutical factory's capital&nbsp; was being depleted quickly, the remaining 25&nbsp;&nbsp; million in the account was only enough to produce&nbsp; 5 million Shenyang Kangtai pills. Therefore, Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang requested that a deposit be paid in advance. The leader in charge of procurement waved his&nbsp;&nbsp; hand, saying, "Since the leader has taken&nbsp; a liking to it and Lao Lin is involved,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's no need for such trouble. We'll pay you&nbsp; in one lump sum. You should hurry up and procure&nbsp;&nbsp; the raw materials and speed up production." But the commander demanded that whatever stock&nbsp;&nbsp; was currently available be taken first. Xiao Qiang was deeply moved;&nbsp;&nbsp; this was truly a great help to him. Less than an hour after the contract was signed,&nbsp;&nbsp; 400 million yuan was transferred to Huaxia&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall's account.&nbsp; When Dong Mingxing, who was in charge of&nbsp; finance, saw the string of numbers on the books,&nbsp;&nbsp; he was stunned. After counting several&nbsp; times to make sure he hadn't miscounted,&nbsp;&nbsp; he ran to Fu Hao's office overjoyed. "444 million...it's...into the account!"&nbsp; This is the most exciting moment since&nbsp; the three of them started their business.&nbsp; During this period, they endured confusion and&nbsp; struggled to grow. They worked overtime during the&nbsp;&nbsp; day and attended training sessions at night. I don't get back to the company dormitory&nbsp;&nbsp; until the early hours of the morning, and I&nbsp; usually fall asleep as soon as I get there.&nbsp; Niu Bi and Mingxing haven't had time to watch&nbsp; Japanese martial arts films for days, and Fu Hao&nbsp;&nbsp; hasn't played games in a long time either. There's simply no time.&nbsp; At this moment, when the first payment&nbsp; arrived, the three of them seemed to have&nbsp;&nbsp; even greater expectations for the wonderful&nbsp; life that Xiao Qiang had described to them,&nbsp;&nbsp; because it was no longer a dream, but had&nbsp; the infinite possibility of being realized.&nbsp; Seeing the three guys crying tears of joy. Xiao Qiang was also moved by this atmosphere.&nbsp; "Alright, guys, there's something important to&nbsp; arrange. This is only 400 million now; there will&nbsp;&nbsp; be 4 billion, 40 billion, or even more later..." The three of them were all in high&nbsp;&nbsp; spirits and were shouting excitedly. "Xiao Qiang, tell me, what's wrong...?"&nbsp; All three of them had come to regard Xiao&nbsp; Qiang as the true boss of the company.&nbsp; "First, Fu Hao. As you said, the pharmaceutical&nbsp; factory in Yanjing is currently facing a severe&nbsp;&nbsp; shortage of production capacity. The first&nbsp; problem we face is expanding production capacity."&nbsp; My personal suggestion is to establish the North&nbsp; China Pharmaceutical General Factory in Xishan&nbsp;&nbsp; Province. This factory area must be large, built&nbsp; to the scale of a 10,000-mu industrial park.&nbsp; Currently, we only have two flagship products. But there will be more in the future,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we must be able to produce multiple&nbsp; products at the same time, and we must also&nbsp;&nbsp; ensure the production capacity of each product. In addition, as a celebrity, you are in charge of&nbsp;&nbsp; human resources and finance. While vigorously&nbsp; recruiting professional personnel, you should&nbsp;&nbsp; also establish a targeted student training&nbsp; program with top medical schools in China.&nbsp; Our goal at Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine&nbsp; Clinic is to become the world's most influential&nbsp;&nbsp; pharmaceutical group, and outstanding&nbsp; talent is the cornerstone of that ambition.&nbsp; Brother Niu Bi, with the advancement of&nbsp; large-scale production, ensuring the quality and&nbsp;&nbsp; quantity of raw materials is extremely important. We should not only expand the scale of cooperation&nbsp;&nbsp; in the production and processing of Chinese&nbsp; medicinal herbs, but also consider establishing&nbsp;&nbsp; targeted planting agreements with farmers. After Xiao Qiang finished speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; he stared intently at the three of them. The three of them stared at Xiao Qiang in shock.&nbsp;&nbsp; They hadn't expected that Xiao Qiang's ambitions&nbsp; were so grand—to build the world's greatest&nbsp;&nbsp; pharmaceutical group? Can we really do it?&nbsp; Fu Hao was the first to react, and&nbsp; said with a wry smile, "Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; building a 10,000-mu industrial park, 400&nbsp; million yuan probably won't be enough..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang smiled and said, "Of course it's&nbsp; not enough. I've already made an appointment&nbsp;&nbsp; with Mr. Su from Qiangsheng Investment. Go see&nbsp; him tomorrow and we'll raise another 2 billion."&nbsp; We already have solid results, and we can get&nbsp; this money by giving up at most 10% of our shares.&nbsp; Moreover, once our 10,000-mu industrial park is&nbsp; established, it will bring tens of thousands of&nbsp;&nbsp; jobs to the local government, an annual GDP&nbsp; of billions or even tens of billions of yuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a large amount of tax revenue.&nbsp; The local government will definitely&nbsp;&nbsp; offer land incentives or even tax reductions. Go and find out about the relevant policies.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's words instantly opened&nbsp; up a new way of thinking for Fu Hao,&nbsp;&nbsp; and also allowed the three of them to&nbsp; see his erudition on a deeper level.&nbsp; "Alright, guys, well... I have some&nbsp; important business to take care&nbsp;&nbsp; of... everyone go about your business." After saying that, he immediately left. Chapter 85 A Beauty's Invitation Watching Xiao Qiang's departing figure.&nbsp; "That damn Xiao Qiang, so many things are going&nbsp; on at the pharmaceutical factory... isn't this&nbsp;&nbsp; the important thing..." The celebrity muttered.&nbsp; "Alright, Mingxing, Niu Bi, come with me to see&nbsp; President Su tomorrow. Once this financing is in&nbsp;&nbsp; place, we will immediately begin to advance the&nbsp; construction of Xishan Pharmaceutical Plant."&nbsp; Guys, get a good night's sleep tonight. The next few months are probably&nbsp;&nbsp; going to be tough! "Brothers united... their&nbsp;&nbsp; strength can break metal, let's just do it..." It was already 3 p.m. when Xiao Qiang left&nbsp;&nbsp; the pharmaceutical factory, and he rushed&nbsp; back to Yanda University without stopping.&nbsp; In the classroom of Class 1, Business&nbsp; Administration, 10 minutes before class begins.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan kept staring at her phone;&nbsp; today was already the second day after&nbsp;&nbsp; the National Day holiday. "That unreliable Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; I asked him on QQ yesterday how he's&nbsp; been lately, and he still hasn't&nbsp;&nbsp; replied! Is he still having a good time abroad?" Before National Day, the two chatted frequently on&nbsp;&nbsp; QQ and got to know each other a little better. In her heart, Xiao Qiang was a knowledgeable,&nbsp;&nbsp; interesting, and loving young man. His ambition was actually to become&nbsp;&nbsp; the world's richest man, wanting to&nbsp; increase the income of the Chinese people&nbsp;&nbsp; and help China reach the top of the world. Although such a goal seems extremely pale&nbsp;&nbsp; and powerless now, he has at least&nbsp; begun to work in that direction.&nbsp; At the same time, think back to the scene when the&nbsp; two of you met on the day of freshman enrollment,&nbsp;&nbsp; and think about how Xiao Qiang’s many&nbsp; rude attempts to chat with you are&nbsp;&nbsp; so consistent with his current extremely&nbsp; unreliable behavior and interesting soul.&nbsp; She couldn't help but smile. She now even somewhat admires and&nbsp;&nbsp; respects Xiao Qiang's character and conduct. "But this guy disappears from time to time,&nbsp;&nbsp; and doesn't even reply to QQ&nbsp; messages. It's really annoying."&nbsp; Recently, Fan Zhengyang, the young master, has&nbsp; been getting restless again, and Xiao Qiang hasn't&nbsp;&nbsp; been to the classroom for nearly twenty days. He had endless thoughts about&nbsp;&nbsp; the seat next to Liu Qingyuan. When he entered the classroom today,&nbsp;&nbsp; he saw Liu Qingyuan chatting with two of&nbsp; her dorm classmates sitting behind her,&nbsp;&nbsp; while the seats next to her were empty as usual. "Qingyuan, is Xiao, the top student,&nbsp;&nbsp; playing hide-and-seek? He hasn't come&nbsp; to school for twenty days! Aren't you&nbsp;&nbsp; afraid of losing our campus belle, Liu ?!" Roommates Li Susu and Qu Xiaohong joked back&nbsp;&nbsp; and forth, saying that they naturally&nbsp; knew Xiao Qiang liked Liu Qingyuan.&nbsp; "What are you two talking about?&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and I are just classmates,&nbsp;&nbsp; what's this about losing him or not?" Her roommate's words gave her a strange feeling,&nbsp;&nbsp; but she still tried her best to deny that she&nbsp; and Xiao Qiang were in a romantic relationship.&nbsp; And every word of these words&nbsp; reached Young Master Fan's ears.&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang's eyes darted around, and he made up&nbsp; his mind. So he went straight to Liu Qingyuan and&nbsp;&nbsp; sat down in the "Xiao Qiang's special seat". Liu Qingyuan looked at Fan Zhengyang with&nbsp;&nbsp; a puzzled expression, "Why&nbsp; are you sitting here today?"&nbsp; "That's right, Class Monitor Fan, don't you&nbsp; know this is Xiao Qiang's reserved seat?"&nbsp; Two of his roommates chimed in. "Why can't I sit here? Go ask the&nbsp;&nbsp; teacher if anyone says that a certain seat in the&nbsp; class can only be occupied by a certain person."&nbsp; Is there a rule about this? Fan Zhengyang asked arrogantly.&nbsp; This left Liu Qingyuan and the other&nbsp; two speechless; they couldn't very&nbsp;&nbsp; well say that it was Xiao Qiang's rule. Seeing the three of them speechless,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang felt a surge of smugness. "I, Fan Zhengyang, can sit wherever I&nbsp;&nbsp; want in the class." Nobody can stop us!&nbsp; At this moment, Fan Zhengyang finally&nbsp; let out a long-held grievance.&nbsp; "Is that so?" At that moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; a faint voice sounded beside Fan Zhengyang. "Xiao Qiang..."&nbsp; Li Susu exclaimed in surprise. Everyone looked up in unison, their expressions&nbsp;&nbsp; varying—some surprised, some terrified… "Squad Leader Fan, what did you just say?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stared at Fan Zhengyang, making the&nbsp; latter feel uneasy, as if sitting on pins and&nbsp;&nbsp; needles. Although he was afraid of Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; if he immediately backed down after saying&nbsp;&nbsp; such tough words, he would definitely&nbsp; be looked down upon by the whole class.&nbsp; "I said I can sit in any of the seats in&nbsp; the class, is there...is there a problem?"&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang is, after all, a member of the&nbsp; Fan family, and he still has some backbone.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was in a great mood today and&nbsp; didn't want this matter to spoil his good mood.&nbsp; "No problem, absolutely no problem." Then you should sit down and study hard!&nbsp; "Liu Qingyuan, I need to talk to you about&nbsp; something. Why don't you sit with me in the back?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang ignored Fan Zhengyang and&nbsp; spoke directly to Liu Qingyuan inside.&nbsp; As Liu Qingyuan was wondering why Xiao&nbsp; Qiang had suddenly appeared today,&nbsp;&nbsp; she heard him extend an invitation to her,&nbsp; and she instinctively replied, "Okay!"&nbsp; The sound was as pleasant and melodious as ever. After saying that, the two walked together to&nbsp;&nbsp; the empty table behind them, leaving&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang completely bewildered.&nbsp; At this moment, Fan Zhengyang was already&nbsp; furious and embarrassed. He was the young&nbsp;&nbsp; master of the Fan family and the class monitor&nbsp; of the first class of economics and management,&nbsp;&nbsp; but in front of Xiao Qiang, he had been repeatedly&nbsp; humiliated and ended up looking disheveled.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, Liu Qingyuan, you forced me to this!" With a fierce expression, Fan Zhengyang seemed&nbsp;&nbsp; to have made up his mind and&nbsp; got up to leave the classroom.&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang went to an internet cafe outside&nbsp; the school, entered some website addresses, and&nbsp;&nbsp; entered a website that was entirely in English. He left the internet cafe satisfied&nbsp;&nbsp; after posting two bounty missions. "Xiao Qiang, let's see if you'll live or die&nbsp;&nbsp; this time. You've provoked me time and time again.&nbsp; Do you really think I, Fan Ye, am made of clay?"&nbsp; Although no one was puzzled by Fan&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhengyang's sudden departure from the classroom&nbsp; before class, no one paid any attention to it.&nbsp; "You're having a great time on your&nbsp; Mediterranean trip, huh? You're not&nbsp;&nbsp; even replying to my QQ messages!" Liu Qingyuan feigned displeasure.&nbsp; "I left so suddenly, I didn't&nbsp; activate international roaming. Look,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is a gift I bought especially for you!" As he spoke, Xiao Qiang placed a beautifully&nbsp;&nbsp; packaged box in front of Liu Qingyuan. Seeing that Xiao Qiang had even bought&nbsp;&nbsp; her a small gift, Liu Qingyuan felt&nbsp; a surge of warmth in her heart.&nbsp; "Let's open it and take a look."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan then carefully opened the box, and&nbsp; at first glance, it was a carving of a person.&nbsp; But upon closer inspection of the&nbsp; person's face, isn't that just myself?&nbsp; It turned out that what Xiao Qiang gave her&nbsp; was a miniature portrait of Liu Qingyuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; sculpted by a master sculptor on Santorini&nbsp; Island using local volcanic rock and based&nbsp;&nbsp; on a photograph of Liu Qingyuan. It can be described as&nbsp;&nbsp; lifelike and extremely exquisite. Looking at Liu Qingyuan's surprised&nbsp;&nbsp; and happy face, "Liu, do you like it?" Liu Qingyuan suppressed most of her&nbsp;&nbsp; smile and nodded, "Thank you, Xiao Qiang!" By the way, it's my birthday this weekend,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I invited a few classmates to my house. Do you have some free time?&nbsp; "Of course I'm free... I'm free..." Seeing Xiao Qiang agree so readily,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was very happy. After class, Xiao Qiang said goodbye to Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; Qingyuan, citing work as an excuse, and left. Chapter 86 gave you a chance,&nbsp; but you didn't cherish it!&nbsp; Inside Villa No. 6 of Yihe Courtyard&nbsp; Villas, belonging to Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Li Muyao and Yu Ming are both there. "Xiaoqiang, our short position in&nbsp;&nbsp; M-shares has yielded a 21% profit. Should we take&nbsp; profits or wait for M-shares to continue falling?"&nbsp; "No rush, wait a bit longer. M shares&nbsp; should still have 20% downside potential."&nbsp; Li Muyao nodded, indicating that she understood. "Yu Ming, how's the situation with&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiangsheng Real Estate?" "Currently, we have acquired&nbsp;&nbsp; land in 21 second-tier cities, 4 first-tier cities&nbsp; and 15 new first-tier cities across the country,&nbsp;&nbsp; and all of them have entered the&nbsp; planning and development stage."&nbsp; We have also strictly followed your instructions&nbsp; and formulated a sales plan based on the principle&nbsp;&nbsp; of opening on the date of topping out. In today's real estate industry, aggressive&nbsp;&nbsp; players like Hengtai and Biyuan are expanding&nbsp; rapidly with high leverage. Their operating models&nbsp;&nbsp; are uniformly characterized by high turnover. This model won't pose too much of a problem&nbsp;&nbsp; during a booming real estate market, but all&nbsp; the risks will immediately become apparent&nbsp;&nbsp; whenever macroeconomic controls are implemented. Xiao Qiang, however, was determined to prevent&nbsp;&nbsp; such a risk from occurring. Firstly, it would allow them&nbsp;&nbsp; to continuously obtain funds from foreigners. In addition, most general contractors currently&nbsp;&nbsp; advance funds until the building is topped&nbsp; out, and the sales revenue generated from&nbsp;&nbsp; the opening of the building can fully cover&nbsp; the general contractor's funding needs and&nbsp;&nbsp; repay the principal and interest of bank loans. Therefore, Xiao Qiang set a relatively healthy&nbsp;&nbsp; real estate development and operation model for&nbsp; Qiangsheng Real Estate from the very beginning.&nbsp; "Yu Ming, how's the personnel reserve&nbsp; at Qiangsheng Real Estate going?"&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, all positions at Qiangsheng Real&nbsp; Estate's 76 projects in first- and second-tier&nbsp;&nbsp; cities across the country are now fully staffed." Key positions such as project general manager,&nbsp;&nbsp; chief financial officer, and chief&nbsp; human resources officer are all filled&nbsp;&nbsp; with full-time and deputy positions. Once new projects commence, we can,&nbsp;&nbsp; depending on the actual situation, select either&nbsp; the head or deputy head of the department to take&nbsp;&nbsp; up their posts immediately. "Good, very good!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was very satisfied with the&nbsp; human resource reserve mechanism that Yu&nbsp;&nbsp; Ming used at Qiangsheng Real Estate. This ensured a rapid and continuous&nbsp;&nbsp; supply of talent for the real&nbsp; estate group's rapid expansion.&nbsp; "Yu Ming, Qiangsheng Investment will inject&nbsp; another 20 billion RMB into the real estate group&nbsp;&nbsp; to increase land acquisition and development&nbsp; efforts in first- and second-tier cities."&nbsp; They are going all out to seize market share&nbsp; from companies like Hengtai, Biyuan, and Yida.&nbsp; Yu Ming didn't know why Xiao Qiang&nbsp; was targeting these companies,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he always carried out Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; instructions unconditionally and resolutely.&nbsp; After hearing Xiao Qiang's next plan, Yu&nbsp; Ming was immediately filled with enthusiasm&nbsp;&nbsp; and couldn't wait to get to work. With this 20 billion yuan investment,&nbsp;&nbsp; plus bank loans and general contractor financing,&nbsp; it can simultaneously leverage projects with a&nbsp;&nbsp; total output value of at least 300 billion yuan. This will increase the existing development&nbsp;&nbsp; scale of Qiangsheng by 2 to 3 times. "Mu Yao, next, inject 2 billion yuan&nbsp;&nbsp; into the venture capital firm to increase&nbsp; investment in emerging domestic industries."&nbsp; By the way, you should pay close&nbsp; attention to JD.com, Alibaba,&nbsp;&nbsp; and DJI drones in the internet industry. At that time, Jingxi's total market value&nbsp;&nbsp; was only 100 million US dollars. During the&nbsp; economic downturn of 2008, it almost went&nbsp;&nbsp; bankrupt because it could not raise funds, and&nbsp; Liu Qiangdong's hair turned white overnight.&nbsp; DJI drones are also in the early&nbsp; stages of their startup, and&nbsp;&nbsp; funding issues are a major concern for the team. Alibaba, which is in a slightly better position,&nbsp;&nbsp; has completed its delisting in Hong&nbsp; Kong and is currently seeking financial&nbsp;&nbsp; support to weather the internet winter. "Yu Ming, you've worked hard. Keep up the&nbsp;&nbsp; good work. As the president of Qiangsheng Real&nbsp; Estate Group, I will make sure you receive a&nbsp;&nbsp; reward commensurate with your efforts." You go ahead and get busy. Contact&nbsp;&nbsp; me anytime if you need anything. Yu Ming is now in high spirits and will&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately go back to make arrangements&nbsp; for expanding the development scale.&nbsp; "Mu Yao, has Mr. Xu Taihang's Koenigsegg&nbsp; sports car been delivered yet?"&nbsp; "No…" "How's the construction&nbsp;&nbsp; progress of that office building?" "It's so-so, anyway, it's not as&nbsp;&nbsp; fast as Qiangsheng's construction progress." Xiao Qiang's face instantly darkened. "Damn it,&nbsp;&nbsp; you dare to fool your Grandpa Xiao Qiang?" I gave you a chance, but you didn't cherish it!&nbsp; "Then I'll teach you a lesson you won't forget!" After saying that, he dialed Yu Ming's number&nbsp;&nbsp; again and gave him a detailed explanation. When the sun rises again the next day. In Xu Taihang's office at the headquarters&nbsp;&nbsp; of Guangzhou Hengtai Group. "What? Qiangsheng No. 1 Courtyard&nbsp;&nbsp; is once again promoting its plans for a&nbsp; funeral street and a high-rise cemetery?"&nbsp; "Mr. Xu, it's not just about&nbsp; Qiangsheng No. 1 Courtyard.&nbsp;&nbsp; In 18 first- and second-tier cities such as&nbsp; Guangzhou, Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Beijing,&nbsp;&nbsp; wherever there are Qiangsheng projects around our&nbsp; 26 residential projects, they all advertise plans&nbsp;&nbsp; for funeral parlors and high-rise cemeteries." Moreover, their propaganda was very targeted…&nbsp; Xu Shaoan said tremblingly. How did they advertise?&nbsp; Xu Taihang asked with a livid face. "The other party advertised that&nbsp;&nbsp; this was a one-stop service specially&nbsp; provided for Hengtai homeowners..."&nbsp; he immediately looked cautiously&nbsp;&nbsp; at his father, preparing to dodge. Sure enough, as soon as he finished&nbsp;&nbsp; speaking, Xu Taihang immediately picked up&nbsp; a water glass from the table and smashed it&nbsp;&nbsp; hard on the empty space in front of the desk . Xu Shaoan sighed inwardly, "Luckily, I had the&nbsp;&nbsp; foresight to avoid being hit by shards of glass." "This is outrageous! Absolutely outrageous!"&nbsp; During the National Day holiday, Hengtai&nbsp; Real Estate launched nine projects,&nbsp;&nbsp; including Yuhu Tianxia, and its pre-sale&nbsp; deposits reached 1.5 billion yuan in just&nbsp;&nbsp; seven days. This comes at a crucial time when&nbsp; mortgage applications are about to be processed.&nbsp; Advertisements for "a high-altitude&nbsp; cemetery and funeral parlor built&nbsp;&nbsp; specifically for Hengtai homeowners" were&nbsp; prominently displayed on the fences of the&nbsp;&nbsp; nearby Qiangsheng Real Estate project. From birth to death, a one-stop service.&nbsp; This infuriated the Hengtai homeowners&nbsp; who had just paid their deposits.&nbsp; Is this supposed to be a one-stop service? It's clearly a curse wishing us an&nbsp;&nbsp; early death and a quicker rebirth! Hengtai was hoping to get repayments&nbsp;&nbsp; from homeowners through bank mortgages, but&nbsp; the homeowners not only refused to cooperate,&nbsp; Instead, it sparked a massive&nbsp; wave of cancellations.&nbsp; This news almost sent Xu Taihang to his death. "President Xu, we need to find a solution quickly,&nbsp;&nbsp; otherwise this 1.5 billion yuan will just be a&nbsp; mirage, something we can see but can't touch!"&nbsp; Xu Taihang was panting heavily when he suddenly&nbsp; roared, "Assistant, assistant, arrange a plane for&nbsp;&nbsp; me to Yanjing right away!" Thinking about going to Liu Qingyuan's&nbsp; house on Sunday, Xiao Qiang decided&nbsp;&nbsp; to buy her a birthday present. Just as he was about to leave,&nbsp;&nbsp; he received a call from Su Rui, "President Xiao,&nbsp; I've arrived at Yihe Villa. How can I find you?"&nbsp; "Okay, then wait for me,&nbsp; I'll be at the door soon."&nbsp; When the two met, they first shared a friendly&nbsp; hug, a gesture of camaraderie between men.&nbsp; "Did it go quite smoothly?" "Yes, the commander gave prior&nbsp;&nbsp; notice, so everything went smoothly!" "Let's go then. Be my part-time driver&nbsp;&nbsp; today and accompany me to run some errands." I'll talk to you about something on the way. Chapter 87 I only know Xu the liar On the way to Panjiayuan.&nbsp; "Brother Rui, let me first introduce&nbsp; the businesses I currently own."&nbsp; Currently, the company mainly operates three&nbsp; businesses: Qiangsheng Investment Group,&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiangsheng Real Estate, and Huaxia Traditional&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Hall. However, the distribution&nbsp;&nbsp; of its businesses will definitely become&nbsp; more and more extensive in the future.&nbsp; As for Qiangsheng Real Estate, it currently&nbsp; has 84 projects under development or&nbsp;&nbsp; awaiting development across the country. Therefore, we need to establish our own property&nbsp;&nbsp; security company to provide our homeowners with&nbsp; 100% security and meticulous property services.&nbsp; The first step in inviting you to join Qiangsheng&nbsp; is to establish Qiangsheng Security Company,&nbsp;&nbsp; whose business scope ranges from private&nbsp; security to property security. As a former&nbsp;&nbsp; special forces soldier, you must have many&nbsp; retired comrades, giving you a natural advantage&nbsp;&nbsp; in establishing a security company. Su Rui nodded; the two points Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang mentioned were far too easy for him. "But Brother Rui, if Qiangsheng Security only does&nbsp;&nbsp; these two business areas, I think it's a waste&nbsp; of your talent to invite a top soldier like you."&nbsp; Whether it's Qiangsheng Investment or other&nbsp; high-tech industries under Qiangsheng Group,&nbsp;&nbsp; once they reach a certain stage of&nbsp; development, going overseas is an&nbsp;&nbsp; inevitable path, and clashing with multinational&nbsp; corporations becomes an unavoidable part of it.&nbsp; Therefore, the next step for Qiangsheng Security&nbsp; is to first establish bases overseas, not only&nbsp;&nbsp; to provide security for Qiangsheng's overseas&nbsp; subsidiaries, but more importantly, to establish&nbsp;&nbsp; information collection channels overseas. Know yourself and know your enemy,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you will never be defeated! I'm sure you understand this principle.&nbsp; Su Rui was taken aback. Wasn't this equivalent&nbsp; to establishing a base abroad, combining security&nbsp;&nbsp; and intelligence gathering? "Mr. Xiao, don't worry.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although it's difficult, I'm confident." Xiao Qiang nodded in satisfaction, "I&nbsp;&nbsp; admire the spirit of Chinese soldiers who are not&nbsp; afraid of difficulties and rise to challenges."&nbsp; In Panjiayuan, Xiao Qiang spent three&nbsp;&nbsp; hours finding a white jade double crane pendant. The moment he saw the jade artifact,&nbsp;&nbsp; he had a sudden illusion: this&nbsp; was what he had been looking for.&nbsp; The jade pendant is entirely white, with&nbsp; exquisite openwork carvings depicting two&nbsp;&nbsp; cranes with outstretched wings. It's more like a couple&nbsp;&nbsp; expressing their longing for each other. According to the seller, this is an item from&nbsp;&nbsp; the early Qing Dynasty, but Huang Jintong stated&nbsp; that the item is worth as much as 4.2 million.&nbsp; But from a commercial perspective, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang knew that this could not possibly&nbsp;&nbsp; be an item from the Qing Dynasty. However, he didn't care, because&nbsp;&nbsp; the seller was only asking for 80,000 yuan. After symbolically haggling down to 60,000,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang readily paid the money. Back at the Summer Palace Villa,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang immediately introduced Su Rui to&nbsp; Li Muyao and explained his idea of having&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Rui establish Qiangsheng Security. "Su Rui, welcome to Qiangsheng Group."&nbsp; "Thank you, Mr. Li. I hope you will&nbsp; continue to support me in the future."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang will not inquire into specific&nbsp;&nbsp; details such as how to establish Qiangsheng&nbsp; Security or the location of the security base.&nbsp; He only needs to put forward his ideas, while&nbsp; the specific implementation needs to be discussed&nbsp;&nbsp; and implemented by Su Rui, the person in&nbsp; charge, and Li Muyao, the group president.&nbsp; At almost the same time,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fu Hao, Dong Mingxing, and Niu Bi were also in&nbsp; the office of Su Wan, the director of Qiangsheng&nbsp;&nbsp; Venture Capital at Yiheyuan Villa. Su Wan is considered an elite in&nbsp;&nbsp; the venture capital world, but she never&nbsp; expected that she would make a mistake.&nbsp; He had always thought that Huaxia Traditional&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Pharmaceutical Company,&nbsp;&nbsp; which was founded by four freshmen, was a&nbsp; joke, and he even thought that the company&nbsp;&nbsp; should disappear after squandering the&nbsp; first 30 million yuan of financing.&nbsp; Unexpectedly, in less than a month,&nbsp; this makeshift startup company achieved&nbsp;&nbsp; a revenue of 400 million yuan. This almost made her jaw drop!&nbsp; Moreover, the other party has now proposed a&nbsp; financing request of another 2 billion yuan&nbsp;&nbsp; in exchange for giving up 10% of its shares. In other words, they valued Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Hall at 20 billion yuan. Normally, Su Wan would have called security. Do&nbsp;&nbsp; you think the investment company is an ATM? But now Su Wan hesitated!&nbsp; Not only because Li Muyao had approached&nbsp; her during the angel round of financing,&nbsp;&nbsp; asking her to invest in the company. More importantly, this company is&nbsp;&nbsp; currently demonstrating strong&nbsp; revenue-generating capabilities.&nbsp; The first batch of 400 million yuan in payments&nbsp; was actually purchased by the government,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is equivalent to the company&nbsp; having strong government backing.&nbsp; Once production capacity catches up, the&nbsp; revenue and profits will be unimaginable.&nbsp; After some thought, Su Wan made up her mind. Fu Hao looked at Su Wan's expressionless face,&nbsp;&nbsp; feeling uneasy and uncertain. The&nbsp; three of them looked restless.&nbsp; "Okay, I agree to your financing offer. Let's&nbsp; sign the equity transfer agreement now."&nbsp; Upon hearing that Su Wan had actually&nbsp; agreed to the 2 billion yuan financing,&nbsp;&nbsp; all three of them looked incredulous. "Mr. Su...you really...you've agreed?"&nbsp; Fu Hao, looking excited, stammered as&nbsp; he confirmed the other party's reply.&nbsp; "Yes, I agree!" Su Wan smiled; these college&nbsp;&nbsp; students were really interesting. "yeah…"&nbsp; Brother Niu Bi was the first to&nbsp; cheer, regardless of the occasion,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then the other two joined in the cheering. Su Wan not only didn't mind the three of them&nbsp;&nbsp; cheering loudly in her office, but she was even&nbsp; infected by the scene and unconsciously laughed.&nbsp; Their youthful energy and drive are just like&nbsp; my own enthusiasm when I first graduated.&nbsp; And they are only freshmen, yet they&nbsp; have already achieved such results.&nbsp; I couldn't help but feel a surge of emotion. After leaving the Summer Palace villa,&nbsp;&nbsp; the three of them immediately set&nbsp; off for Jin City, Shanxi Province.&nbsp; Everyone knows that Xiao Qiang, the core of the&nbsp; team, is from Jinshi City, Xishan Province. After&nbsp;&nbsp; discussing it, the three of them decided to locate&nbsp; the Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall&nbsp;&nbsp; 10,000-mu Industrial Park there. October in Yanjing is characterized by clear&nbsp; skies, crisp air, and pleasant weather.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, who comes from Xishan&nbsp; Province, has a unique habit of&nbsp;&nbsp; people from Xishan: taking a nap at noon. At 4 p.m., Xiao Qiang was still fast asleep.&nbsp; Just then, his phone rang urgently. He opened his sleepy eyes and saw&nbsp;&nbsp; the phone ringing. "Xu Taihang?" Xiao Qiang instantly perked up.&nbsp; "Hey, who is this... Don't you know&nbsp; that disturbing someone's sleep is&nbsp;&nbsp; like killing their parents? You have&nbsp; absolutely no sense of propriety..."&nbsp; His words carried a lazy tone. Standing at the entrance of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Summer Palace villa, under the blazing&nbsp; sun, Xu Taihang glanced at the phone&nbsp;&nbsp; number. "I didn't dial the wrong number!" “Um…Mr. Xiao,…I’m Xu Taihang…we’ve met before…”&nbsp; "Xu Taihang? I don't know him! I only&nbsp; know one guy surnamed Xu, Xu the Swindler,&nbsp;&nbsp; the boss of Hengtai..." Xu Taihang, who was being exposed to the blazing&nbsp; sun, almost choked and couldn't catch his breath.&nbsp; When I arrived at the main gate, I was stopped&nbsp; by the security guard who said that the company&nbsp;&nbsp; does not receive anyone during lunch break. When asked what time the company was open,&nbsp;&nbsp; the security guard replied&nbsp; that it was from 4:00 to 5:30.&nbsp; This surprised Xu Taihang, who had only&nbsp; worked an hour and a half in the afternoon.&nbsp; Being blocked at the door by a security guard&nbsp; was a huge embarrassment for Boss Xu. After&nbsp;&nbsp; being in the sun for half an hour, he couldn't&nbsp; stand it anymore and called Xiao Qiang directly.&nbsp; As a result, he almost ended up in the ICU from&nbsp; angering the other party right from the start. Chapter 88 I am that Xu the Swindler,&nbsp; formerly known as Xu Taihang&nbsp; Xu Taihang took a deep breath&nbsp; and calmed his urge to curse.&nbsp; Only then did he speak&nbsp; again, "Mr. Xiao... Mr. Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; have you forgotten? I am that swindler&nbsp; Xu, formerly known as Xu Taihang!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang fell silent on&nbsp; the other end of the phone.&nbsp; If anyone were nearby, they would have seen Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's shocked expression at that moment...&nbsp; "This guy's got some nerve...&nbsp; doesn't he have any shame at all...?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang couldn't help&nbsp; but feel a pang of emotion.&nbsp; "Oh, I remember now. What does that&nbsp; big liar boss want with me...?"&nbsp; Upon hearing Xiao Qiang's reply,&nbsp; Xu Taihang, who had just recovered,&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly found his breathing heavy. After gesturing to his assistant to&nbsp;&nbsp; bring him his nitroglycerin pills, Boss&nbsp; Xu quickly took a few and recovered.&nbsp; "Uh... Mr. Xiao, it's good that you&nbsp; remembered. Um... if you wake up,&nbsp;&nbsp; how about I come in and pay you a visit?" "Alright, come in then..."&nbsp; "Then...thank you very much." The security personnel,&nbsp;&nbsp; who had been instructed to do so, allowed&nbsp; Xu Taihang and his assistant to enter.&nbsp; Inside Villa No. 6!&nbsp; "You big liar boss, what&nbsp; brings you here this time?!"&nbsp; Well, from now on,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll completely change my name with Xiao Qiang! "Mr. Xiao, I heard that your Qiangsheng Real&nbsp;&nbsp; Estate has added a batch of&nbsp; high-rise cemetery projects?"&nbsp; "Yes, it's beneficial to the country, the people,&nbsp; and oneself, so why not do it? Don't you agree?"&nbsp; Xu Taihang cursed inwardly, "But&nbsp; this is damn insulting to him!"&nbsp; "Uh, yes, yes, you make a lot of sense..." "So, Mr. Xu, hurry back and revise the plans.&nbsp;&nbsp; If the house has already been sold, inform the&nbsp; owner that you don't need to cancel the purchase,&nbsp;&nbsp; since you'll need it sooner or later anyway." A three-bedroom, two-living room house&nbsp; It's basically enough for a family of three..." Xiao Qiang said it was a joyful occasion,&nbsp;&nbsp; but Boss Xu's face was already so gloomy&nbsp; it was almost dripping with water.&nbsp; If that were the case, the owners of Hengtai's&nbsp; properties would drown him in their spittle.&nbsp; "Mr. Liar, does what I'm saying make sense...?" Well, the name has been changed again.&nbsp; Xu Taihang, with a forced smile,&nbsp; said, "Uh...that...makes sense..."&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, do you think we could slightly modify&nbsp; the plan? We just need to serve the living;&nbsp;&nbsp; we don't necessarily have&nbsp; to cross boundaries, do we?"&nbsp; "Hmm, that makes some sense, but the project plan&nbsp; has been revised repeatedly, which is a huge waste&nbsp;&nbsp; of resources, manpower, and money, isn't it..." Xu Taihang immediately understood&nbsp;&nbsp; what the other party meant. "Mr. Xiao, do you remember the&nbsp;&nbsp; Koenigsegg supercar worth 50 million, the fully&nbsp; intelligent office building worth 200 million,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the private helicopter worth 100 million&nbsp; that I promised to give you last time?"&nbsp; "Huh? Really? I don't remember...&nbsp; Sigh, my brain... it's worrying..."&nbsp; Xu Taihang cursed inwardly, "What trick is&nbsp; this little fox playing now? Is he trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to lure me in with feigned indifference?" "Would you like to think about it again?"&nbsp; Xu Taihang carefully guided Xiao Qiang. "Let me think... Koenigsegg supercars,&nbsp;&nbsp; office buildings, private helicopters..." "Mr. Liar, are you taking advantage of my&nbsp;&nbsp; bad memory? I seem to remember you&nbsp; were going to give me something..."&nbsp; Xu Taihang's heart skipped a beat;&nbsp; what he feared most had come to pass.&nbsp; "Uh... what was it again..." "Yes, think about it, there must be something&nbsp;&nbsp; else... Ugh, my brain's ruined... ruined..." Looking at Xiao Qiang's appearance,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xu Taihang really wanted to go up and beat&nbsp; him up; he was just too damn despicable...&nbsp; "Uh...Mr. Xiao...Could you&nbsp; perhaps give me a hint?"&nbsp; "Give me a hint? Let me think... Ugh,&nbsp; my brain's completely useless..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was slapping his forehead and beating&nbsp; his chest in frustration. Anyone who didn't know&nbsp;&nbsp; the situation would really think that the young&nbsp; Xiao Qiang had developed Alzheimer's disease.&nbsp; Xu Taihang was almost amused by Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; incredibly realistic acting, "You kid, go into&nbsp;&nbsp; acting, you'll be a movie star sooner or later!" Suddenly, Xiao Qiang exclaimed in surprise,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh my god, I finally remembered!" Mr. Xu, I remember now. I recall you&nbsp;&nbsp; mentioned last time that you had a 100-acre plot&nbsp; of land within the Third Ring Road of Beijing&nbsp;&nbsp; that you didn't want to develop…” Xu Taihang's heart skipped a beat!&nbsp; I just spent 500 million yuan to buy&nbsp; that land before National Day! I was&nbsp;&nbsp; planning to start construction soon, and&nbsp; damn it, this bastard has his eye on it…&nbsp; But then I think about those dozens&nbsp; of projects, and... forget it.&nbsp; "Yes, yes, Mr. Xiao has a good memory. That&nbsp; piece of land... that piece of land... it's&nbsp;&nbsp; right next to the capital, which suits Mr.&nbsp; Xiao's style quite well... last time we said&nbsp;&nbsp; we'd give it to Mr. Xiao for development..." Xu Taihang spoke the most forthright words&nbsp;&nbsp; in the most trembling voice, but his&nbsp; heart was bleeding uncontrollably.&nbsp; "Oh? Now that you mention it, Mr. Xu, I've&nbsp; really realized that my aura, Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; while perhaps not quite surpassing that&nbsp; of Qin Shi Huang or Emperor Wu of Han,&nbsp;&nbsp; or even Emperor Taizong of Tang or Emperor Taizu&nbsp; of Song, is certainly not inferior, is it...?"&nbsp; Since Boss Xu is willing to spend so much, it's&nbsp; a bit inappropriate to still call him a swindler.&nbsp; At this moment, Xiao Qiang took out a mirror&nbsp; from somewhere and started looking at himself.&nbsp; Xu Taihang, standing next to him,&nbsp; looked like he was about to have&nbsp;&nbsp; a heart attack, his chest heaving violently. Seeing that he had done enough, Xiao Qiang stopped&nbsp;&nbsp; performing, fearing that if he continued, this&nbsp; guy would really get into trouble in his office.&nbsp; "Well then, Mr. Xu, I won't stand on ceremony!" Seeing that Xiao Qiang was satisfied,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xu Taihang cautiously asked again, "Mr. Xiao,&nbsp; when would you like to revise the plans for&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiangsheng's 76 rooftop cemetery projects ?" Xiao Qiang feigned a troubled expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; "President Xu, my main concern is&nbsp; that I don't want you to change your&nbsp;&nbsp; name to Xu the Great Swindler again, so..." A wise person speaks only half a sentence.&nbsp; Xu Taihang certainly understood&nbsp; what Xiao Qiang meant.&nbsp; He gave an awkward smile. "Mr.&nbsp; Xiao, I'll arrange it right away..."&nbsp; A fall into a pit, a gain in your wit.&nbsp; It has to be said that Xu Taihang&nbsp; has learned his lesson this time.&nbsp; Last time, I used delaying tactics&nbsp; to get Qiangsheng No. 1 Courtyard to&nbsp;&nbsp; remove the advertisement for the high-altitude&nbsp; cemetery, thus clearing the way for Hengtai Yuhu&nbsp;&nbsp; Tianxia's grand opening in November. This made him incredibly proud,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the retribution came too&nbsp; quickly; just a few days later,&nbsp;&nbsp; he was swindled out of another 500 million yuan. Ah, if only I had known this would happen,&nbsp;&nbsp; I wouldn't have done it in the first place! After leaving the Summer Palace villa in a&nbsp;&nbsp; disheveled state, Xu Taihang immediately&nbsp; arranged for three groups of people:&nbsp;&nbsp; one group to purchase the Koenigsegg, one group to&nbsp; handle the transfer procedures for the 100 acres&nbsp;&nbsp; of land within the Third Ring Road of Beijing,&nbsp; and the other group to purchase a helicopter.&nbsp; At the same time, Hengtai Engineering Department&nbsp; was notified to immediately resume construction&nbsp;&nbsp; on the office building in Yiheyuan Villa, with&nbsp; three shifts if necessary, and it must be handed&nbsp;&nbsp; over to Qiangsheng Group within two months. Xu Taihang realized that if any of these&nbsp;&nbsp; conditions were not met, the advertisements&nbsp; for Qiangsheng High-Altitude Cemetery and&nbsp;&nbsp; Funeral Street would not be taken down! Meanwhile, in his office, Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; who could easily acquire hundreds of millions with&nbsp; just a few words, was about to share his joy with&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Muyao when his phone rang. "Jeffers?"&nbsp; Why did that money-bringing&nbsp; boy contact me so quickly?&nbsp; Were those two companies privatized so quickly? If Jeffers knew that Xiao Qiang saw him as&nbsp;&nbsp; nothing more than a money-giving&nbsp; boy, I wonder what he would think.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was suspicious for a moment,&nbsp; but he still answered the phone directly.&nbsp; "Dear Jeffers, what benefits are you trying&nbsp; to offer me by calling me this time?" Chapter 89 Shadow Hunter Jeffers was speechless for a moment.&nbsp; At this moment, in a huge manor in France, Jeffers&nbsp; is lying on a spacious bed with a popular model.&nbsp; The two were embracing and snuggling together,&nbsp; clearly having just had a deep conversation.&nbsp; Jeffers was smoking a cigar after the&nbsp; fact, looking quite pleased with himself.&nbsp; “My dear Xiao, you really are a prophet.” I really am just here to give you money!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was taken aback.&nbsp; "Oh? Tell me about it..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was very interested&nbsp; in receiving money from others.&nbsp; "It's that medicine you gave me, Shenyang&nbsp; Kangtai Pills. I'd like to become your&nbsp;&nbsp; overseas distributor for this medicine.&nbsp; You name your terms! How about it..."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang burst into laughter! This is truly a business that delivers&nbsp;&nbsp; money to your doorstep. If Huaxia TCM Clinic wants&nbsp;&nbsp; to become a world-class pharmaceutical company,&nbsp; simply having a market share in China is far from&nbsp;&nbsp; enough. Even if you develop into a giant in China,&nbsp; if you don't have a market abroad, you can only&nbsp;&nbsp; be considered a regional well-known enterprise. Like Tencent's later venture, WeChat has achieved&nbsp;&nbsp; a 90% market share in China's instant&nbsp; messaging market, but globally, its&nbsp;&nbsp; user base is less than one-third of Facebook's. Therefore, venturing abroad and embracing the&nbsp;&nbsp; world is an essential path to becoming&nbsp; a world-class pharmaceutical company.&nbsp; "What? You've already used it?" Xiao Qiang immediately joked.&nbsp; "Yes, I've used it. That drug is truly a fighter&nbsp; jet for men and a booster for women's takeoff."&nbsp; Most importantly, after taking it, I&nbsp; didn't feel dizzy or have blurred vision.&nbsp; Jeffers spoke of this without any reservation. "You want to become an agent for this drug,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's fine, but this drug is currently in short&nbsp; supply in China, and the production capacity&nbsp;&nbsp; cannot meet the local demand." Exporting overseas could take&nbsp;&nbsp; several months or even a year. "What? Wait a year? Oh my god,&nbsp;&nbsp; do you know how many men in Western&nbsp; countries need this drug, dear Xiao?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang laughed, then said helplessly,&nbsp; "Jeffers, our new production line is still&nbsp;&nbsp; under preparation, and current production capacity&nbsp; is limited. There's really nothing we can do..."&nbsp; "Xiao, how about we cooperate? One of my&nbsp; companies has just built a new pharmaceutical&nbsp;&nbsp; production line in Zhengzhou, Hexi Province,&nbsp; producing 700,000 pills of various Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; medicines per day. How about I contribute&nbsp; the factory and production line as equity,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you give me priority access to the&nbsp; Shenyang Kangtai Pills produced there?"&nbsp; My company has the most comprehensive&nbsp; pharmaceutical sales channels in 25&nbsp;&nbsp; Western countries, which will allow this&nbsp; miracle drug to gain the largest market&nbsp;&nbsp; share in the shortest amount of time. To be honest, Xiao Qiang was tempted&nbsp;&nbsp; after hearing Jeffers' words. The Xishan Provincial 10,000-mu&nbsp;&nbsp; Industrial Park is still in the planning stage,&nbsp; and it will take at least six months for it to be&nbsp;&nbsp; put into operation and put into production. "Jeffers, to be honest, I'm tempted by your&nbsp;&nbsp; suggestion. But the issue of shares..." You should know that besides Shenyang&nbsp;&nbsp; Kangtai Pills, we also have another miracle&nbsp; drug for women's scar removal, beauty,&nbsp;&nbsp; and skin care that hasn't been launched yet..." Jeffers was even happier to hear this,&nbsp;&nbsp; as there was actually a miracle&nbsp; drug for women's beauty and health.&nbsp; It's well known that women's money is easy to&nbsp; earn, a fact widely acknowledged worldwide.&nbsp; "My dear Xiao, how about this? To show my&nbsp; sincerity, I will transfer my factory in&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhengzhou to you free of charge, but all&nbsp; the products from that factory can only&nbsp;&nbsp; be supplied to me. What do you think?" Jeffers, being a descendant of Jewish and&nbsp;&nbsp; Tatar people, was very good at making choices. The entire factory costs only 800 million. If&nbsp;&nbsp; its production capacity is entirely for its own&nbsp; use, that's 250 million units a year. Even if&nbsp;&nbsp; it only makes a profit of 10 US dollars per&nbsp; unit, that's 2.5 billion US dollars a year.&nbsp; After all, besides China, there are 6 billion&nbsp; people in the world, so there's no worry about&nbsp;&nbsp; selling these 250 million miracle drugs. Looking at it this way, it's understandable&nbsp;&nbsp; that the pharmaceutical factory worth 800&nbsp; million Chinese yuan could be given away.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was shocked by Jeffers's grandeur. But then I realized that the shrewd Jewish people&nbsp;&nbsp; must have seen the huge commercial potential of&nbsp; this drug, which is why they made such a decision.&nbsp; Giving away a pharmaceutical factory worth&nbsp; 800 million is a high-value investment with&nbsp;&nbsp; a small investment yielding big returns! "Then I won't stand on ceremony. You'd&nbsp;&nbsp; better send someone over quickly&nbsp; to sign the transfer agreement."&nbsp; "No problem, Xiao, how about we sign this&nbsp; exclusive agency agreement while we're at it?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang smiled. "So eager?" "No problem. The regular version is&nbsp;&nbsp; $60 each, and the premium version is&nbsp; $450 each. We'll sign a 3-year exclusive&nbsp;&nbsp; agency agreement first. What do you think?" "What? There are regular and premium versions?&nbsp;&nbsp; Which one did you give me?" "The standard version!"&nbsp; "Oh my god, Xiao, you're so stingy." Jeffs said this, but in his heart he&nbsp;&nbsp; was thinking, "If the regular version is&nbsp; already this amazing, then the premium&nbsp;&nbsp; version must be taking off like a rocket!" "No problem, Xiao, we'll go with your price!"&nbsp; Keep in mind that in the US, a single blue&nbsp; pill, a global bestseller, costs $50. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; in Jeffs's opinion, the regular version&nbsp; at $60 is indeed a very affordable price.&nbsp; Jeffers agreed so readily that Xiao Qiang couldn't&nbsp; help but wonder if he had set the price too low!&nbsp; Fu Hao then led personnel from the pharmaceutical&nbsp; company's legal, operations, and other relevant&nbsp;&nbsp; departments directly to Jin City, Shanxi Province. Meanwhile, the representative of Jeffers'&nbsp;&nbsp; pharmaceutical company in China also signed&nbsp; an equity transfer agreement with Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; for Zhengzhou Pharmaceutical Factory. On the same day, a group of foreigners of&nbsp;&nbsp; different appearances and skin colors disembarked&nbsp; at Yanjing Airport, a group of about 15 people.&nbsp; After leaving the airport, we took taxis&nbsp; in pairs towards downtown Yenching. We set&nbsp;&nbsp; off at different times, but our destinations&nbsp; were all similar, around Yenching University.&nbsp; In October, the nights in&nbsp; Yanjing grow increasingly cool,&nbsp;&nbsp; and leaves begin to fall from the trees every&nbsp; now and then, adding a touch of desolation.&nbsp; Although most of the construction sites&nbsp; around Yenching University have resumed work,&nbsp;&nbsp; some sites are still overgrown&nbsp; with weeds, rusty, and desolate.&nbsp; At this moment, figures dressed in black were&nbsp; moving about inside the construction site.&nbsp; "Lucas, it's just about solving one student's&nbsp; problem. Why did you transfer the entire team&nbsp;&nbsp; to China? Isn't that a bit of a waste of talent?" Don't you know? I'm currently in a relationship!&nbsp; Oh my god! I miss her so much! The speaker was a Black man,&nbsp;&nbsp; tall and muscular, with bulging muscles&nbsp; that seemed to contain astonishing energy.&nbsp; "Rodman, shut your stinking mouth. I have&nbsp; my reasons for making these arrangements."&nbsp; The employer paid a deposit of $1&nbsp; million, and the total compensation&nbsp;&nbsp; was as high as $15 million. If he were just a simple student,&nbsp;&nbsp; would it be necessary for the other party to&nbsp; spend so much money to hire us Shadow Hunters?&nbsp; You idiot! And another thing,&nbsp;&nbsp; you've had 15 relationships this year already,&nbsp; be careful you don't die on a woman's belly.&nbsp; After being mercilessly&nbsp; criticized by captain Lucas,&nbsp;&nbsp; Rodman immediately became much more obedient. Seeing that the troublesome black man had calmed&nbsp;&nbsp; down, Lucas continued, "When the employer&nbsp; placed the order, he specifically noted&nbsp;&nbsp; that the target had once single-handedly&nbsp; taken down 15 of the employer's men."&nbsp; Although these 15 men are hardly even considered&nbsp; ragtag soldiers, we, as professional assassins,&nbsp;&nbsp; cannot afford to be careless. This is also a key reason why&nbsp;&nbsp; our "Shadow Hunter" has consistently remained&nbsp; at the top of the global assassin rankings.&nbsp; That's right, Lucas is the captain of an&nbsp; assassination squad in the world's number one&nbsp;&nbsp; ranked assassin organization, "Shadow Hunters". There are 120 such teams. Chapter 90 Investment Promotion in Jin City&nbsp; "I'll say it again, for the next 5 days, we&nbsp; will only be collecting information on the&nbsp;&nbsp; target. We are not allowed to take any action&nbsp; without authorization. Do you understand?"&nbsp; Everyone agreed. Then Lucas started assigning tasks to&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone, and 20 minutes later the group left the&nbsp; unfinished construction site in twos and threes.&nbsp; Meanwhile,&nbsp;&nbsp; inside the municipal government compound in Jinshi&nbsp; City, Xishan Province, all the public officials&nbsp;&nbsp; were discussing the matter animatedly. "Have you heard? A pharmaceutical company&nbsp;&nbsp; wants to set up operations in our Jinshi&nbsp; Development Zone. They say it will occupy&nbsp;&nbsp; 8,000 mu (approximately 533 hectares) and the&nbsp; initial investment will be over 2 billion yuan."&nbsp; Such discussions have spread&nbsp; throughout the city government.&nbsp; Jin City in Xishan Province relies on&nbsp; agriculture and tourism as its pillar&nbsp;&nbsp; industries. Some of its county-level cities have&nbsp; abundant coal resources, but its overall economic&nbsp;&nbsp; development is relatively backward. The annual investment attraction&nbsp;&nbsp; is only around 1 billion yuan. Inside the office of Sun Maocai,&nbsp;&nbsp; Director of the Investment Promotion&nbsp; Bureau of the Municipal Government.&nbsp; "Director Sun, I believe you have already seen the&nbsp; detailed investment plan. Let me briefly reiterate&nbsp;&nbsp; it: Huaxia TCM Hall plans to establish a TCM&nbsp; industrial park in Jinshi City, with a total&nbsp;&nbsp; planned land area of 8,000 mu, to be developed&nbsp; in three phases. The total investment in the&nbsp;&nbsp; first phase will be no less than 2 billion yuan." Once completed, the industrial park will provide&nbsp;&nbsp; more than 20,000 direct jobs and no less&nbsp; than 100,000 indirect jobs for Jinshi City.&nbsp; It will also generate at least 10&nbsp; billion yuan in GDP and 1.3 billion&nbsp;&nbsp; yuan in tax revenue for Jin City annually. Through more than a month of intensive learning&nbsp;&nbsp; and practical experience, Fu Hao has become&nbsp; quite adept at business negotiations. After all,&nbsp;&nbsp; having more than 2 billion yuan in his hands&nbsp; gives him a lot of confidence in negotiations.&nbsp; It must be said that Fu Hao's concise&nbsp; introduction struck a chord with Sun Maocai.&nbsp; The initial investment of over 2&nbsp; billion yuan directly completed the&nbsp;&nbsp; two-year investment attraction task. Moreover, whether it's creating jobs,&nbsp;&nbsp; attracting investment and generating revenue,&nbsp; or generating tax revenue in the future,&nbsp;&nbsp; these are all things that leaders at all levels&nbsp; of the Jinshi Municipal Government urgently need.&nbsp; As for Jinshi Industrial Park, since&nbsp; its establishment three years ago,&nbsp;&nbsp; only five companies are still barely operating,&nbsp; and its annual GDP is only 500 million yuan.&nbsp; The vision sounded good, but when&nbsp; Sun Maocai saw that the person in&nbsp;&nbsp; charge was a young man of only eighteen or&nbsp; nineteen, he couldn't help but feel uneasy.&nbsp; "Could it be a fraudulent company using&nbsp; investment as a pretext to commit fraud?"&nbsp; "Well, Mr. Fu, to be honest, your&nbsp; investment vision really appeals to me."&nbsp; How can we be convinced of your&nbsp; company's investment capabilities?&nbsp; Moreover, there are countless high-quality&nbsp; industrial parks in various provinces and&nbsp;&nbsp; cities. Why would your company choose&nbsp; to invest in a park like Jinshi,&nbsp;&nbsp; which lacks various supporting facilities? Sun Maocai spoke tactfully, voicing his&nbsp;&nbsp; questions without appearing too presumptuous. Fu Hao smiled slightly and nodded to Niu Bi.&nbsp; Hao Niubi stepped forward with his&nbsp; laptop. "Director Sun, may I borrow&nbsp;&nbsp; your office's internet cable?" Sun Maocai didn't understand,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he nodded nonetheless. Hao Niubi plugged the network&nbsp;&nbsp; cable into his laptop and, in front of Sun&nbsp; Maocai, logged into the corporate online&nbsp;&nbsp; banking of the world's largest bank. "Director Sun, look, this is our Huaxia&nbsp;&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine&nbsp; Clinic's company account..."&nbsp; Sun Maocai pulled his seat forward with&nbsp; great interest and silently began to count.&nbsp; "Ones, tens, hundreds, thousands...brother,&nbsp; father, grandfather...awesome!"&nbsp; This long string of numbers&nbsp; immediately dispelled his doubts.&nbsp; Her eyes were full of envy&nbsp; as she looked at Fu Hao.&nbsp; "Director Sun, now you should believe&nbsp; in our company's capabilities, right?"&nbsp; Sun Maocai nodded awkwardly,&nbsp; "I believe...I believe..."&nbsp; "Regarding the second point, why did&nbsp; we choose Jinshi for investment?"&nbsp; Most importantly, one of our key partners is from&nbsp; Jinshi, and like me, he is also a college student.&nbsp; Of course, we also valued the&nbsp; cost-effectiveness of investing in Jinshi.&nbsp; Sun Maocai was completely shocked. These&nbsp; people were actually college students,&nbsp;&nbsp; and their company had such strength. "Oh? You guys are actually college&nbsp;&nbsp; students? Truly, heroes emerge from among&nbsp; the young. It's a shame that someone from&nbsp;&nbsp; Jinshi is in your team today." "Hehe, Director Sun, there will&nbsp;&nbsp; be many more opportunities later." "Mr. Fu, what are your terms?"&nbsp; This marked the beginning of formal&nbsp; business negotiations. Since both parties&nbsp;&nbsp; were interested in this investment,&nbsp; they decided to discuss the terms.&nbsp; "We hope that Jin City can&nbsp; provide us with free land."&nbsp; Fu Hao's words made Sun Maocai gasp in shock.&nbsp; Ten thousand mu of land, the land&nbsp; transfer fee alone is 2 billion yuan.&nbsp; Sun Maocai doesn't have the authority to&nbsp; reduce or exempt those 2 billion yuan.&nbsp; “Mr. Fu, the condition you proposed involves&nbsp; too much money. I need to report to the&nbsp;&nbsp; mayor before I can make a decision.” Fu Hao expressed his understanding.&nbsp; Sun Maocai immediately&nbsp; reported to Mayor Geng Bobo.&nbsp; When Mayor Geng heard about such a large&nbsp; investment and the corresponding conditions,&nbsp;&nbsp; he immediately recognized the enormous boost&nbsp; this investment would have on Jinshi's economy.&nbsp; He immediately called the secretary of&nbsp; Jin City and convened a standing committee&nbsp;&nbsp; meeting of the municipal party committee. Finally, at the Standing Committee meeting,&nbsp;&nbsp; a vote was taken on the matter of Huaxia&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall settling&nbsp;&nbsp; in Jinshi, and it was unanimously approved. It must be said that Jinshi has demonstrated&nbsp;&nbsp; extraordinary courage in promoting investment&nbsp; attraction and urban economic development.&nbsp; That evening, professionals&nbsp; from both sides jointly drafted&nbsp;&nbsp; and signed the investment agreement. All subsequent work is also underway&nbsp;&nbsp; in full swing. On Sunday morning, Xiao Qiang was&nbsp; woken up by the urge to urinate!&nbsp; Looking at Li Muyao's&nbsp; captivating figure beside him.&nbsp; He decided that going to the toilet could&nbsp; wait; he had more important things to do now.&nbsp; Outside the window in the early morning,&nbsp; the dense foliage is covered with the&nbsp;&nbsp; overnight dew and frost, and birds chirp&nbsp; and sing merrily to welcome the new day.&nbsp; Today is Liu Qingyuan's birthday. Xiao Qiang took Liu Qingyuan's&nbsp;&nbsp; birthday very seriously. He, who usually wears&nbsp; sneakers and sweatpants, even wore a suit that&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Muyao had tailored for him. It's true that clothes make&nbsp;&nbsp; the man and a saddle makes the horse. With his slender build, Xiao Qiang looked as good&nbsp;&nbsp; as any male model on the runway in this suit. Imposing and assertive!&nbsp; He stood in front of the mirror, holding the&nbsp; hairspray, and began to style his thick hair.&nbsp; Looking at his handsome reflection&nbsp; in the mirror, and the subtle signs&nbsp;&nbsp; of vicissitudes from two lifetimes on his&nbsp; face, Xiao Qiang nodded in satisfaction. Chapter 91 The Leaky Little Cotton-padded Jacket Xiao Qiang took the white jade double crane&nbsp;&nbsp; pendant, which he had acquired at a&nbsp; bargain price, and set off in a taxi.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan's home is not far&nbsp; from the Forbidden City; one can&nbsp;&nbsp; even see the corner towers of the royal gardens. This shocked Xiao Qiang with her family's wealth;&nbsp;&nbsp; to be able to settle near the&nbsp; Forbidden City was something only&nbsp;&nbsp; royalty would have done in ancient times. Even in 2008, when the real estate industry&nbsp;&nbsp; was sluggish and apartments within the fourth&nbsp; and fifth ring roads were only 10,000 yuan per&nbsp;&nbsp; square meter, properties in this area&nbsp; reached 80,000 yuan per square meter.&nbsp; Moreover, it has a price but no market. Even if you want to buy it,&nbsp;&nbsp; it might not be available. The taxi finally stopped at&nbsp;&nbsp; the entrance of an alley, next to which&nbsp; was an antique-style gate with the four&nbsp;&nbsp; characters "福地洞天" (Fudi Dongtian, meaning blessed&nbsp; land and grotto heaven) written on the plaque,&nbsp;&nbsp; and two stone lions standing at the entrance. Xiao Qiang's first impression was that this must&nbsp;&nbsp; be some kind of private museum or exhibition hall. But as he walked further into the alley,&nbsp;&nbsp; there were many houses, and he couldn't&nbsp; tell which one belonged to Liu Qingyuan.&nbsp; Left with no other option, he&nbsp; dialed Liu Qingyuan's number.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, you've arrived?" As soon as the call connected, Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; Qingyuan's clear and melodious voice came through. "Yes, I've arrived at the entrance of an alley,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I can't find your house." "Then wait for me, I'll go out and find you."&nbsp; Less than a minute after I hung up the&nbsp; phone, the antique-style door creaked open.&nbsp; Attracted by the sound, Xiao Qiang turned around&nbsp; and saw Liu Qingyuan emerging from the door.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan's eyes lit up when she saw&nbsp; Xiao Qiang dressed in a formal suit.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, why are you dressed&nbsp; so formally today? You've made&nbsp;&nbsp; yourself look like a male model!" "Isn't this about meeting my future&nbsp;&nbsp; mother-in-law? We need to make it a bit formal..." Liu Qingyuan, who was already used to Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; uninhibited way of speaking, didn't mind. "This...this is your home?"&nbsp; "yes…" "You wouldn't happen to be... a reclusive&nbsp;&nbsp; princess of the Aisin Gioro family, would you?" Xiao Qiang's words instantly amused Liu Qingyuan.&nbsp; "Hehe, you have quite the imagination. Let's go in&nbsp; first. Su Su and Xiao Hong have already gone in."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang then stepped through&nbsp; the door with great curiosity,&nbsp;&nbsp; and once inside, he was completely unable to move. "Wow, Qingyuan, how big is your house? And you&nbsp;&nbsp; still say you're not a reclusive princess." "Huh, it's a second courtyard?"&nbsp; Two-courtyard houses like Liu Qingyuan's&nbsp; are very common in rural areas,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they were the residences of landlords and&nbsp; gentry during the Ming and Qing dynasties.&nbsp; To own such a courtyard next to&nbsp; the Forbidden City, where land&nbsp;&nbsp; is incredibly valuable, is truly extraordinary. This two-courtyard complex is spacious and quiet,&nbsp;&nbsp; surrounded by high walls. Upon entering the courtyard,&nbsp;&nbsp; one is greeted by an elegant courtyard with&nbsp; neatly paved bricks and stones. Several pine and&nbsp;&nbsp; cypress trees are planted in the courtyard,&nbsp; adding a touch of vitality to the space.&nbsp; Passing through the courtyard, you enter the&nbsp; second courtyard. The main building is tall&nbsp;&nbsp; and solemn, with symmetrical side rooms on&nbsp; both sides. The buildings adopt a traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; architectural style, with flying eaves and&nbsp; brackets on the roof, and exquisite painted&nbsp;&nbsp; decorations. The corridors in the courtyard&nbsp; connect the various rooms, and wandering through&nbsp;&nbsp; them feels like stepping into ancient times. As Xiao Qiang entered the second courtyard and&nbsp;&nbsp; was admiring the view with his mouth agape, a&nbsp; beautiful woman walked out from the main room.&nbsp; "Mom, this is my classmate, and&nbsp; also the top scorer in the national&nbsp;&nbsp; college entrance examination that I have&nbsp; mentioned to you many times, Xiao Qiang."&nbsp; It was only then that Xiao Qiang noticed&nbsp; the beautiful woman in front of him.&nbsp; She was around forty years old, and time seemed&nbsp; to have been exceptionally kind to her, leaving&nbsp;&nbsp; few traces on her face. Her skin was fair, and her&nbsp; eyes and brows exuded the charm of a mature woman.&nbsp; She wore a cheongsam, its fitted cut perfectly&nbsp; outlining her graceful figure. The neckline&nbsp;&nbsp; was adorned with delicate Chinese knot&nbsp; buttons, which were gently fastened,&nbsp;&nbsp; resembling a blooming flower. Her hair was styled in an updo,&nbsp;&nbsp; elegantly adorned with a jade hairpin, with a&nbsp; few strands falling down, adding a unique beauty.&nbsp; "Hello, Auntie, I am Qingyuan's&nbsp; classmate, Xiao Qiang."&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, please come in. Qing Yuan has&nbsp; often mentioned you to me. You are indeed&nbsp;&nbsp; a handsome and talented man!" Xiao Qiang was so happy to be&nbsp;&nbsp; praised by his future mother-in-law&nbsp; that he grinned from ear to ear.&nbsp; Inside the room, Liu's father was chatting&nbsp; with Liu Qingyuan's grandfather when he&nbsp;&nbsp; heard the voice outside the door. "Huh,&nbsp; why does that voice sound so familiar?"&nbsp; Just as he was about to get up and go out to&nbsp; see what was going on, the three men came in.&nbsp; When the two of them first saw each&nbsp; other, they both looked incredulous.&nbsp; "Uncle Liu..." "Xiaoqiang..."&nbsp; The man before them was none other than Liu&nbsp; Qingtian, the former richest man in Yanjing&nbsp;&nbsp; who had taken over a 60 million yuan dragon stone&nbsp; jadeite from Xiao Qiang in April of this year.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan and her mother&nbsp; were even more puzzled!&nbsp; "Dad, do you know Xiao Qiang?" Liu Qingyuan looked at her father&nbsp;&nbsp; and asked with a puzzled expression. "Ah... I know you, Qingyuan. Xiaoqiang&nbsp;&nbsp; is your college classmate?" "Yes! Dad, how did you two meet?"&nbsp; Liu's mother also stared at her&nbsp; husband with great curiosity.&nbsp; "Qingyuan, the jadeite bracelets, Maitreya&nbsp; Buddha statue, and Guanyin statue I gave you&nbsp;&nbsp; were all made from jadeite rough stones that&nbsp; I bought at a high price from Xiao Qiang!"&nbsp; "What? You bought it from Xiao&nbsp; Qiang? How much did you pay for it?!"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan never expected that she and&nbsp; Xiao Qiang would have such a connection,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that the bracelet she liked so much&nbsp; was also inextricably linked to Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Liu Qingtian gestured towards Xiao Qiang with his&nbsp; chin, as if to say, "You answer this question."&nbsp; "Uh... Qingyuan, I never imagined we'd have&nbsp; such a connection. If I'd known, I would&nbsp;&nbsp; have sold it to Uncle Liu cheaper back then." Xiao Qiang only admitted that he sold the jade&nbsp;&nbsp; to Liu Qingtian, but did not directly reply with&nbsp; the amount of money involved in the transaction.&nbsp; "How much did my dad pay for it?" "6...60 million..."&nbsp; At this moment, many exclamations&nbsp; of "Ah?" rang out in the room.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan always thought that Xiao Qiang was a&nbsp; student from the village who was good at studying,&nbsp;&nbsp; had an outgoing personality, and sometimes&nbsp; acted a bit reckless. He even started his own&nbsp;&nbsp; business in his freshman year of college&nbsp; because of his poor family background.&nbsp; Unexpectedly, he turned out to&nbsp; be a low-key "rich" classmate.&nbsp; "It seems that my classmate still&nbsp; has many secrets to uncover!"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan clearly remembered that Xiao&nbsp; Qiang had said that his family had been&nbsp;&nbsp; poor farmers for three generations. Since&nbsp; his parents were farmers, how did he obtain&nbsp;&nbsp; that jadeite rough worth 60 million? In an instant, a strong curiosity&nbsp;&nbsp; about Xiao Qiang arose in her heart! "Alright, since you already know each other,&nbsp;&nbsp; it means Xiaoqiang has some connection&nbsp; with our Liu family. Please have a seat!"&nbsp; After taking his seat, Xiao Qiang greeted&nbsp; Grandpa Liu and his three classmates.&nbsp; It turned out that Liu Qingyuan had&nbsp; only invited three of her roommates&nbsp;&nbsp; and Xiao Qiang to her birthday party. "Qingyuan, this is my birthday present&nbsp;&nbsp; for you. Happy birthday!" Xiao Qiang handed the white&nbsp;&nbsp; jade double crane pendant to Liu Qingyuan. Seeing that Xiao Qiang had also prepared a gift&nbsp;&nbsp; for her, Liu Qingyuan felt a surge of joy. "Qingyuan, quickly open it and see&nbsp;&nbsp; what gift our top student sent!" Li Susu and her two roommates were even more&nbsp;&nbsp; curious, because they all knew that Xiao Qiang&nbsp; liked Liu Qingyuan, and they wanted to know what&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of gift Xiao Qiang would give Liu Qingyuan. Liu Qingyuan was also very curious,&nbsp;&nbsp; so she carefully opened the box and&nbsp; saw a bright jade pendant with an&nbsp;&nbsp; antique feel lying in the exquisite wooden box. Liu Qingyuan immediately took a liking to the jade&nbsp;&nbsp; artifact shaped like a white crane. "Thank you, Xiao Qiang..."&nbsp; At this moment, Liu Qingtian felt a&nbsp; sudden pang of pain in his heart as&nbsp;&nbsp; he looked at his daughter with tenderness&nbsp; in her eyes as she gazed at Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; This little cotton-padded jacket&nbsp; is about to let in the wind! Chapter 92 The Awkward Liu Qingtian "Xiao Qiang, the jade pendant you gave Qing&nbsp;&nbsp; Yuan must be quite expensive, right?" Liu Qingtian asked calmly.&nbsp; In his view, a birthday gift worth&nbsp; a few hundred or even a few thousand&nbsp;&nbsp; yuan could barely represent the&nbsp; friendship between classmates.&nbsp; If the price is even higher, then what's&nbsp; involved is more than just simple friendship.&nbsp; "Um... this jade pendant isn't&nbsp; expensive, only 800 yuan..."&nbsp; "Oh, 800 yuan...that's alright..." Liu Qingtian muttered to himself.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan, however, held the jade pendant,&nbsp; which was "worth" 800, with great affection.&nbsp; "Susu, do you think this jade&nbsp; pendant looks good on me?"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan held the jade pendant&nbsp; and kept gesturing to her chest.&nbsp; "Beautiful, so beautiful! This flawless jade&nbsp; pendant is practically made just for you!"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was overjoyed&nbsp; by her roommate's words.&nbsp; "Dad, Mom, do you think it's good?" "nice…"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan's mother echoed. "Dad, I'm asking you, does it look good?"&nbsp; Liu Qingtian forced a smile, "She looks&nbsp; beautiful~ My daughter looks good in anything..."&nbsp; My heart is bleeding. I bought you&nbsp; jade worth tens of millions of yuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you didn't like it this much. But now he's taken a liking to a jade&nbsp;&nbsp; pendant worth 800 yuan. Do you actually like&nbsp;&nbsp; jade pendants, or something else...? This made Liu Qingtian's gaze towards Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang more complicated, even somewhat jealous. After chatting for a while, the Liu family's&nbsp;&nbsp; nanny had already prepared the meal. Since no outsiders were invited to Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; Qingyuan's birthday family dinner, everyone&nbsp; at the table behaved quite casually.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, how's your startup going?" Liu Qingyuan hadn't seen Xiao Qiang for&nbsp;&nbsp; several days, so she took this&nbsp; opportunity to get to know him.&nbsp; "The development is alright,&nbsp; so-so, just getting started."&nbsp; "Oh? Xiaoqiang has started his own business?" Upon hearing about starting a business,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingtian immediately became interested. That's his area of expertise. Although he was&nbsp;&nbsp; once the richest man in China, his experience in&nbsp; building his business from scratch is undeniable.&nbsp; Liu Qingtian urgently needs to establish&nbsp; his towering image in the girl's mind&nbsp;&nbsp; to completely suppress this kid. "Uncle Liu, this is just petty stunt,&nbsp;&nbsp; not worthy of serious consideration!" "That's alright. Tell me which aspect you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to start your business from, and I'll give you&nbsp; some guidance. I guarantee your company's turnover&nbsp;&nbsp; will increase two or three times quickly." Liu Qingtian looked completely confident,&nbsp;&nbsp; as if he possessed a magic touch&nbsp; that could turn anything into gold.&nbsp; Seeing her father smug again, Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan pouted, "Just bragging..."&nbsp; Aunt Liu chimed in from the side,&nbsp; "Old Liu, you don't feel at ease if&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't brag all day, do you?" Having been betrayed by his own&nbsp;&nbsp; people time and again, Liu Qingtian was quite&nbsp; embarrassed. He gave an awkward smile and said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "My decades of business experience are no&nbsp; joke. They're all hard-earned. Come on,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiaoqiang, tell me, what industry are you in?" Xiao Qiang and his classmates were trying not&nbsp;&nbsp; to laugh; it seemed that Uncle Liu's&nbsp; status in the family wasn't very high.&nbsp; But when asked again, he immediately replied,&nbsp; "Uncle Liu, I started my business in the&nbsp;&nbsp; field of traditional Chinese medicine..." Before Xiao Qiang could finish speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingtian interrupted, "Huh? Xiao Qiang, you&nbsp; actually work in traditional Chinese medicine?"&nbsp; Yesterday, while I was having tea with a friend&nbsp; who is a leader, he told me that this year,&nbsp;&nbsp; higher-level leaders purchased 10 million&nbsp; pieces of traditional Chinese medicine worth&nbsp;&nbsp; 400 million yuan from a newly established&nbsp; traditional Chinese medicine company in&nbsp;&nbsp; Beijing as a welfare benefit for the sons of&nbsp; officials at the department level and above.&nbsp; However, the pharmaceutical factory's production&nbsp; capacity is insufficient, and currently only some&nbsp;&nbsp; people in Yanjing have received this medicine. According to him, this drug has caused a&nbsp;&nbsp; great sensation in various units and&nbsp; organizations. Everyone is looking&nbsp;&nbsp; for the drug in major pharmacies, but&nbsp; they find that the drug is out of stock.&nbsp; My friend was lucky enough&nbsp; to get a few and gave me one!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang casually chimed in, "Then&nbsp; this startup really has a bright future."&nbsp; The others echoed his sentiments. "Yes, it's really impressive that a&nbsp;&nbsp; startup can grow to this scale and break through&nbsp; from the top level. I can't even do that."&nbsp; What was that company called again...&nbsp; I think it was something like Huaxia&nbsp;&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Clinic...&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, have you ever heard of it?&nbsp; Xiao Qiang suppressed a&nbsp; laugh, "I've heard of it..."&nbsp; "You're still young, so you must be&nbsp; down-to-earth and work hard to build&nbsp;&nbsp; your career. You must not be distracted...&nbsp; dating and such are all distractions."&nbsp; As Liu Qingtian spoke, his gaze&nbsp; involuntarily lingered briefly&nbsp;&nbsp; on Xiao Qiang and Liu Qingyuan's faces. Xiao Qiang instantly understood. So that's&nbsp;&nbsp; what he was all saying, waiting for him to&nbsp; come up with this. He was afraid that he would&nbsp;&nbsp; steal away Xiao Qiang's little darling! "Men should focus on their careers and&nbsp;&nbsp; not think that just because they are young&nbsp; and handsome, they should find a partner."&nbsp; I'm not bragging, but back in the day, when&nbsp; it came to looks, I could say I was just as&nbsp;&nbsp; good-looking as you, Uncle Liu. Moreover, when I was your age,&nbsp;&nbsp; I had already established three companies, each&nbsp; with an annual turnover of several million.&nbsp; It's not too late to talk about love when&nbsp; you've built your business into something&nbsp;&nbsp; like Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Clinic. "By the way, Xiaoqiang, what's the name of your&nbsp;&nbsp; company? I'll ask my friends in the government to&nbsp; look out for your little company in the future."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan looked displeased with her father's&nbsp; statement about the small company. It's normal for&nbsp;&nbsp; a startup to be small in scale at the beginning! Is it necessary to emphasize this separately?&nbsp; "Our company!?" What a coincidence, our company is also&nbsp;&nbsp; called Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall… everyone at the table suddenly stopped&nbsp; eating and looked at him in shock.&nbsp; Because Xiao Qiang's words directly indicated&nbsp; that the company Liu Qingtian had previously&nbsp;&nbsp; praised was Xiao Qiang's startup. Because it is impossible for two&nbsp;&nbsp; companies to have the same name in China. At this moment, Liu Qingyuan and her mother were&nbsp;&nbsp; filled with more joy and admiration than shock.&nbsp; Liu's mother, in particular, thought to herself,&nbsp;&nbsp; "This young man is handsome and capable, and&nbsp; he's the only boy my incredibly picky daughter&nbsp;&nbsp; invited to her birthday party. If..." As she pondered this, a different kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of appreciation crept into Liu's eyes as she&nbsp; looked at Xiao Qiang, like a mother-in-law&nbsp;&nbsp; looking at her son-in-law, growing more&nbsp; and more fond of him the more she looked.&nbsp; At this moment, Liu Qingtian felt as if he&nbsp; had eaten shit, extremely uncomfortable,&nbsp;&nbsp; unable to spit it out or swallow it down. He had just given a grand speech praising&nbsp;&nbsp; the founders and achievements of Huaxia TCM&nbsp; Clinic, intending to use the opportunity to&nbsp;&nbsp; subtly criticize Xiao Qiang and tell him not to&nbsp; think about finding a partner at such a young age.&nbsp; Unexpectedly, this company&nbsp; actually belonged to Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; I just praised that startup's&nbsp; achievements so highly.&nbsp; They even said that if the company were&nbsp; made like Huaxia Traditional Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; Medicine Clinic, then one could pursue romance. Isn't this just digging a hole for yourself?&nbsp; Liu Qingtian grinned awkwardly, "Haha,&nbsp; so that company is yours, Xiao Qiang..."&nbsp; Not bad, not bad. However, young people cannot&nbsp;&nbsp; be complacent; they must remain focused&nbsp; to build a strong and successful career.&nbsp; "Uncle Liu, what exactly constitutes&nbsp; 'growing big and strong'?"&nbsp; "Uh... at least a dozen or so&nbsp; small annual revenue targets,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Yes, a dozen or so small targets..." Liu's mother couldn't stand it anymore. "Why&nbsp;&nbsp; are you putting a young man like that?" she said.&nbsp; "Old Liu, when you were your age, you only earned&nbsp;&nbsp; a hundred thousand or so a year..." Feeling betrayed by his own people,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingtian became embarrassed again. "I... my&nbsp; hundred thousand or so in my time was roughly&nbsp;&nbsp; equivalent to a billion or more now..." Liu Qingyuan and her mother looked at Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; Qingtian with disdain. "1000 times inflation?&nbsp; You're just trying to make yourself look good!" Chapter 93 Discovering the Beauty Around Us Seeing Liu Qingtian's complex expression and&nbsp;&nbsp; fluctuating mood, Xiao Qiang spoke again,&nbsp; "Uncle Liu, um... we just received a new&nbsp;&nbsp; round of financing of 2 billion yesterday. The&nbsp; new factory is under expansion, and after it's&nbsp;&nbsp; fully operational, we expect to achieve an&nbsp; annual output value of around 10 billion..."&nbsp; At this moment, Liu Qingtian's two&nbsp; closest women, after their initial&nbsp;&nbsp; astonishment, both cast amused glances at him. It's as if they're saying, "They're better than&nbsp;&nbsp; you, aren't they? You can't even make that much&nbsp; revenue in a year, and you're still showing off?"&nbsp; Liu Qingtian was furious. "You brat! With your&nbsp; knack for finishing off others, I can't let my&nbsp;&nbsp; little darling date you!" That's infuriating!&nbsp; "Eat, eat, or it'll get cold..." Liu Qingtian could only quickly&nbsp;&nbsp; change the subject, otherwise he would&nbsp; suffer from an embarrassing condition.&nbsp; "Yes, hurry up and eat, Xiaoqiang,&nbsp; eat more. Starting a business is&nbsp;&nbsp; tough, look how thin you are..." As they spoke, Liu's mother also put&nbsp;&nbsp; a few pieces of meat on Xiao Qiang's plate. "That's right, try some of Wang Ma's sweet&nbsp;&nbsp; and sour meatballs. It's a specialty&nbsp; of Xishan. See if you like them..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan also put a few sweet and&nbsp; sour meatballs on Xiao Qiang's plate.&nbsp; Liu Qingtian suddenly realized why his&nbsp; daughter, who had never eaten sweet and&nbsp;&nbsp; sour meatballs before, had specifically&nbsp; asked Wang Ma to make this dish today.&nbsp; So it was specially made for this kid! The three classmates, who knew everything&nbsp;&nbsp; perfectly well, kept their&nbsp; heads down and ate their meals.&nbsp; As fellow top students, they could naturally&nbsp; sense the intense tension at the dinner table.&nbsp; Everyone enjoyed the meal, except for&nbsp; Liu Qingtian, who found it tasteless.&nbsp; During the meal, a friend who was a collector&nbsp; came to visit him, and Liu Qingtian excused&nbsp;&nbsp; himself from the table. Inside Liu Qingtian's study.&nbsp; "Tsk tsk, Old Liu, you have quite&nbsp; a collection. Hey? This gilt bronze&nbsp;&nbsp; Amitabha Buddha statue of yours is quite&nbsp; nice, could you part with it for me?"&nbsp; "Old Liu, can you sell this dzi bead to me?" "You limp Liu, did you come here to admire&nbsp; the scenery or to shop at the supermarket?"&nbsp; If you're after my treasures,&nbsp; you'd better get out of here...&nbsp; As he spoke, he adopted a posture of&nbsp; closing the door and seeing the guest out.&nbsp; "Huh? Liu Qingtian, you...&nbsp; you shameless old man..."&nbsp; "Haha, Liu the Cripple, you can look all you want,&nbsp; but forget about trying to take my darling..."&nbsp; As if suddenly remembering something,&nbsp; Liu Qingtian suddenly said, "Liu Que,&nbsp;&nbsp; wait a moment, I'm going to get something." Liu Qingtian entered the living room. "Daughter,&nbsp;&nbsp; let Dad take a look at the jade&nbsp; pendant Xiaoqiang gave you..."&nbsp; "What's there to see? You&nbsp; wouldn't understand anyway..."&nbsp; But Liu Qingyuan still took it off her&nbsp; snow-white neck and handed it to her father.&nbsp; Upon receiving the jade pendant, Liu Qingtian&nbsp; immediately returned to his study. "Liu Que,&nbsp;&nbsp; come and see if this thing is worth anything?" Liu Que's real name is Liu Hao. He is the vice&nbsp;&nbsp; president of the collectors' association.&nbsp; Because of his leg problems, he was nicknamed&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Que by Liu Qingtian when he was young. Upon seeing that the arrogant Liu Qingtian&nbsp;&nbsp; needed their help, Liu Que proudly raised&nbsp; his head and said, "Liu Que? I'll give you&nbsp;&nbsp; a chance to rephrase your words!" As he spoke, he turned his head&nbsp;&nbsp; and began to drink his tea. Liu Qingtian was taken aback,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he had no choice but to bow his head when he&nbsp; was under someone else's roof. "Brother Liu, come&nbsp;&nbsp; and let me see if this thing is worth anything?" Liu Hao then took the white jade pendant&nbsp;&nbsp; with satisfaction. Upon closer&nbsp; inspection, he noticed that Liu Que,&nbsp;&nbsp; who had been looking lazy just moments before,&nbsp; had adjusted his posture three or four times.&nbsp; Looking at Liu Que's serious yet slightly&nbsp; shocked face, Liu Qingtian's heart skipped a&nbsp;&nbsp; beat for no reason. "This thing is very valuable?" Liu Que didn't answer immediately, but instead&nbsp;&nbsp; asked, "Where did this thing come from?" "It's my daughter's birthday today,&nbsp;&nbsp; and this was a gift from her classmate." "Oh, that must be a male classmate."&nbsp; Liu Qingtian was shocked, "Why are you so sure?" Liu Que smiled mysteriously, "Because the&nbsp;&nbsp; professional name for this jade pendant is&nbsp; the Song Dynasty White Crane Double-Shaped&nbsp;&nbsp; Pendant, which symbolizes the&nbsp; expectation of beautiful love..."&nbsp; Liu Qingtian's face darkened;&nbsp; this kid was indeed up to no good.&nbsp; After his initial anger&nbsp; subsided, he suddenly remembered,&nbsp;&nbsp; "From the Song Dynasty? Is it valuable?" "It's alright. It's a Hetian jade pebble, the&nbsp;&nbsp; workmanship is quite exquisite, and it's from the&nbsp; Song Dynasty. It's worth four or five million!"&nbsp; That brat actually said 800!&nbsp; There must be something ulterior motive, otherwise&nbsp; why would they send such an expensive gift?&nbsp; It seems I'll have to be careful in the future&nbsp; and keep my daughter away from this boy,&nbsp;&nbsp; otherwise my precious little darling will&nbsp; be ruined by this brat sooner or later.&nbsp; "Looks like the guy who sent the gift is&nbsp; really in love with your girl. Old Liu,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'd better get the dowry ready, haha!" Liu Que was joking with a straight face, unaware&nbsp;&nbsp; that Liu Qingtian was about to explode in anger. Today, everything went wrong. Everyone he&nbsp;&nbsp; encountered turned into a master of finishing&nbsp; blows, leaving his fragile heart riddled with&nbsp;&nbsp; wounds. In the living room, everyone was chatting happily. "Xiaoqiang, have you got a girlfriend&nbsp;&nbsp; at school yet?" Liu Qingyuan's mother,&nbsp;&nbsp; Feng Ruolan, seized an opportunity to ask. Xiao Qiang glanced at Liu Qingyuan sitting&nbsp;&nbsp; opposite him without making a sound, and&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan immediately avoided his gaze&nbsp;&nbsp; as if to escape, her ears perked up with&nbsp; a slightly flustered yet expectant look,&nbsp;&nbsp; wanting to hear how Xiao Qiang would answer. "Auntie, I do have a girl I like,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I even tried to pursue her, but she's too&nbsp; outstanding, and she didn't agree to be with me!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's regret was evident. "Huh? He already has a girl he likes..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan looked dejected, feeling&nbsp; extremely upset. "Was it all just a&nbsp;&nbsp; joke when he walked me back to my dorm,&nbsp; chatted with me, and sat next to me?"&nbsp; The three roommates also looked incredulous.&nbsp; In their eyes, Xiao Qiang was no longer&nbsp;&nbsp; the imposing figure he once was; he had&nbsp; become a complete villain and hypocrite.&nbsp; Feng Ruolan looked delighted, "Xiaoqiang, someone&nbsp; as outstanding as you, why hang yourself on one&nbsp;&nbsp; tree? Look more at the people around you,&nbsp; discover the beauty in your surroundings..."&nbsp; As Feng Ruolan spoke, she&nbsp; kept glancing at Liu Qingyuan.&nbsp; If Xiao Qiang didn't understand&nbsp; what the other party meant,&nbsp;&nbsp; then he would have lived two lifetimes in vain. Seeing Liu Qingyuan's sudden change in expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; he knew that she had misunderstood&nbsp; him, so he quickly said, "Auntie,&nbsp;&nbsp; the classmate I'm pursuing is our classmate&nbsp; and our deskmate. Maybe my words when we first&nbsp;&nbsp; entered school caused her to misunderstand me." It's also possible that the man is interested&nbsp;&nbsp; in the woman, but she isn't. "You agree, right, Qingyuan?"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was still confused. Xiao Qiang&nbsp; had just been talking about being deskmates&nbsp;&nbsp; and the misunderstanding on the day of&nbsp; enrollment. Wasn't he talking about her?&nbsp; "So the person he was talking about was me..." Once she understood this, Liu Qingyuan shed her&nbsp;&nbsp; cold exterior, smiled, and stared at Xiao&nbsp; Qiang, "Perhaps the other party has already&nbsp;&nbsp; forgiven you... You haven't tried again, how do&nbsp; you know if they will agree to you next time..."&nbsp; After saying that, Liu Qingyuan&nbsp; felt her face burning hot.&nbsp; What's wrong with me today?&nbsp; How could I be so bold? Chapter 94 The Storm Is Brewing Xiao Qiang immediately became as happy as a bear&nbsp;&nbsp; eating honey, and said with a grin, "Qingyuan, are&nbsp; you saying that if I try again when I have another&nbsp;&nbsp; chance, maybe the other party will agree?" Is that what you mean?&nbsp; Seeing Xiao Qiang's intense gaze, Liu Qingyuan&nbsp; immediately looked away, appearing extremely&nbsp;&nbsp; uncomfortable. "Maybe...who knows..." The back-and-forth banter between&nbsp;&nbsp; the two left Feng Ruolan speechless. He had repeatedly hinted to Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; to pursue his daughter, but his daughter foolishly&nbsp; advised him to confess to the person he "liked".&nbsp; Isn't this completely baffling?! Meanwhile, the three classmates next to them&nbsp;&nbsp; also changed their misunderstanding of Xiao Qiang&nbsp; and listened to the two's cryptic conversation,&nbsp;&nbsp; trying very hard to suppress their laughter. Around 4 p.m., the five of them&nbsp;&nbsp; prepared to go straight back to school. "Daughter, let your dad take you back to school!"&nbsp; "Mom, no need, let's take&nbsp; the subway back together."&nbsp; Despite her privileged background,&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan did not develop&nbsp;&nbsp; the typical spoiled rich girl attitude. "Xiao Qiang, come over often when you have time.&nbsp;&nbsp; Qing Yuan gets quite bored at home alone..." "Hehe, okay, Auntie..."&nbsp; "Cough... Ruolan, what nonsense are you talking&nbsp; about? Xiaoqiang is so busy with his business,&nbsp;&nbsp; he doesn't have time to come&nbsp; to our house all the time."&nbsp; Xiaoqiang, a man must prioritize his career… "Uh...yes..."&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, come here for a second,&nbsp; Uncle has something to tell you..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan and Feng Ruolan&nbsp; looked at Liu Qingtian with great&nbsp;&nbsp; bewilderment at his inexplicable actions. "Xiaoqiang, I know you're very talented,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you're still young, with a bright future&nbsp; ahead of you. Don't let relationships interfere&nbsp;&nbsp; with your career..." ………………&nbsp; Liu Qingtian kept rambling on and on,&nbsp; but it all boiled down to one thing:&nbsp;&nbsp; "You absolutely mustn't mess with my girl!" On the subway back to Yenching University!&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, what did my dad say to you?" "I don't want to fall in love, I don't want&nbsp;&nbsp; to ruin other people's lives..." "So what do you mean?"&nbsp; "My mom used to tell me not to&nbsp; cause trouble when I was little."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan asked, puzzled, "What do you mean?" "I've been a troublemaker since I was a kid!"&nbsp; The two looked at each other and smiled. The clouds drifted slowly, the sun set in&nbsp;&nbsp; the west, the afterglow gradually faded,&nbsp; and countless stars adorned the night sky.&nbsp; Fu Hao, Mingxing, and Niu Bi, three miserable&nbsp; buddies, were still busy dealing with their&nbsp;&nbsp; current tasks. There are endless&nbsp;&nbsp; overtime hours and never-ending work! Inside the dormitory, Xiao Qiang quietly&nbsp;&nbsp; played a game by himself. Three days passed like this, until the peaceful&nbsp; and tranquil life was completely shattered.&nbsp; Over the course of three days, under&nbsp; Fu Hao's organization, the professional&nbsp;&nbsp; design team worked day and night to finally&nbsp; complete the design plan for Jinshi Huaxia&nbsp;&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Clinic. The construction permit can be issued&nbsp;&nbsp; after the Jinshi Municipal Government&nbsp; conducts one round of expert review.&nbsp; The pharmaceutical plant in Zheng City,&nbsp; Shannan Province, which Jeffers transferred,&nbsp;&nbsp; is already operating at full capacity. The Koenigsegg worth 50 million yuan that&nbsp;&nbsp; Boss Xu bought has been transferred to Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's name and is now quietly parked in the&nbsp;&nbsp; underground parking space of Yiheyuan Villa. The 100-acre plot of land within the Third&nbsp;&nbsp; Ring Road has been transferred&nbsp; to Qiangsheng Real Estate.&nbsp; The Airbus AH101 has landed and is&nbsp; temporarily parked on a spacious lawn&nbsp;&nbsp; in the Summer Palace Villa. This time, Mr. Xu&nbsp; has very thoughtfully donated an extra helipad.&nbsp; Meanwhile, the intelligent office building&nbsp; is under construction in full swing,&nbsp;&nbsp; with three shifts working around the clock,&nbsp; and the project progressing every day.&nbsp; Mr. Xu had no choice. If the advertisement&nbsp; for the high-altitude cemetery wasn't&nbsp;&nbsp; taken down on that day, Hengtai's&nbsp; properties wouldn't be able to sell.&nbsp; Meanwhile, the stock trading department&nbsp; had already achieved a 25% profit,&nbsp;&nbsp; and was on the verge of liquidation. That day, Xiao Qiang once again acted as&nbsp;&nbsp; a protector of flowers, escorting Liu Qingyuan&nbsp; from the library back to the girls' dormitory.&nbsp; Watching Xiao Qiang's departing&nbsp; figure, Liu Qingyuan sighed.&nbsp; She had thought that Xiao Qiang would take&nbsp; advantage of the cover of night to confess&nbsp;&nbsp; his feelings to her again on the way back, which&nbsp; made her both expectant and nervous the whole way.&nbsp; But even after the two of them had&nbsp; reached the dormitory building,&nbsp;&nbsp; all they got from Xiao Qiang was, "Ah... I'm so&nbsp; sleepy, you should go back and get some sleep!"&nbsp; This made Liu Qingyuan both angry and annoyed,&nbsp; but also a little amused and exasperated.&nbsp; The flirting prowess you displayed on your first&nbsp; day of school is completely at odds with your&nbsp;&nbsp; current straight-laced, masculine demeanor! Liu Qingyuan watched the departing figure,&nbsp;&nbsp; muttered a few complaints, and&nbsp; then returned to her dormitory.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang exited Yanda immediately because&nbsp; the short-selling target had basically reached&nbsp;&nbsp; its target price, and he needed to closely&nbsp; monitor the exit timing in the next few days.&nbsp; The stars twinkled, the night breeze was&nbsp; slightly chilly, and occasionally a car&nbsp;&nbsp; would pass by on the roads around Yenching&nbsp; University before falling silent again,&nbsp;&nbsp; with only the sparrows chirping in the treetops. In order to reach Yihe Villa more quickly,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang did not take the long way&nbsp; around the main road, but instead&nbsp;&nbsp; chose to cut through a construction site. This has been his long-standing habit.&nbsp; But today, as soon as I entered&nbsp; that desolate construction site,&nbsp;&nbsp; I hadn't gone far when a chill ran down my spine. The deeper I went into the construction site,&nbsp;&nbsp; the stronger this feeling became. Xiao Qiang finally stopped.&nbsp; Standing in the center of the construction&nbsp; site, I quietly took in my surroundings!&nbsp; Suddenly, a loud rumble of thunder sounded,&nbsp; and rain began to fall from the sky.&nbsp; At this moment, a group of foreign men dressed&nbsp; in black began to appear around Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; That's right, they were the assassins&nbsp; from the Shadow Hunters organization&nbsp;&nbsp; who infiltrated China a few days ago. Xiao Qiang frowned. "Foreigners? I've only been&nbsp;&nbsp; in contact with Jeffers and Danielson recently,&nbsp; and there's no deep-seated hatred between us."&nbsp; Moreover, Danielson has always regarded&nbsp; himself as a good friend of China,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Jeffers had just given him one of his&nbsp; pharmaceutical factories for free a few days ago.&nbsp; Could it be that Jeffers' brother discovered his&nbsp; ambition to seize the Rothschild family headship?&nbsp;&nbsp; Was this someone sent by Rivers? "Who sent you?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang asked directly in English. Although he knew that the other party was&nbsp;&nbsp; unlikely to answer his question. As expected, the response was&nbsp;&nbsp; still a deathly silence. "You've offended someone&nbsp;&nbsp; you shouldn't have, don't you know that!" At this moment, the other party spoke;&nbsp;&nbsp; it was Lucas, the captain of the Shadow Hunters. "I've offended far too many people, how would I&nbsp;&nbsp; know which one? Why don't you tell me!" "Enough with the nonsense! Ask&nbsp;&nbsp; Jesus after you die!" Everyone, get ready!&nbsp; "etc…" Lucas frowned.&nbsp;&nbsp; "What other tricks are you planning to play?" Xiao Qiang: "You've traveled thousands of&nbsp;&nbsp; miles to China to assassinate me. How about I&nbsp; perform a magic trick I just learned for you?"&nbsp; You will definitely be satisfied... Unforgettable.&nbsp; Rodman, the rebellious black&nbsp; man, suddenly spoke up: "Boss,&nbsp;&nbsp; agree to it. He can't escape anyway, so it'll be&nbsp; good for us to have some fun before he dies..."&nbsp; Since arriving in China, this guy has shown great&nbsp; interest in many things in China. Last night,&nbsp;&nbsp; he even disregarded Lucas's order&nbsp; not to go out and went to the park&nbsp;&nbsp; near the hotel to dance with the aunties. "Fine, I'll see what tricks you're up to..." Chapter 95 Distant Relatives Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Don't worry, I definitely won't let you down!" "Now watch closely, I'm going to perform a magic&nbsp;&nbsp; trick for you: making a person&nbsp; disappear into thin air..."&nbsp; Just then, a series of claps of thunder sounded,&nbsp; startling the foreigners so much that they&nbsp;&nbsp; instinctively covered their ears. Thunder roared!&nbsp; "alright!" The assassins, led by Lucas, couldn't help but&nbsp;&nbsp; laugh when they saw the empty space before them. "Where did they go? You Chinese monkey,&nbsp;&nbsp; are you playing us for a fool...?" Rodman was furious; he'd promised&nbsp;&nbsp; to do a magic trick. "No, no, look behind you!"&nbsp; The assassins turned around and saw two&nbsp; rows of armored men standing behind them.&nbsp; With the help of the lightning, the assassins&nbsp; finally saw the people standing behind them:&nbsp;&nbsp; a group of people with serious&nbsp; faces, cold expressions,&nbsp;&nbsp; and even a hint of bloodthirsty glint. Lucas was startled; the aura the other&nbsp;&nbsp; party exuded was absolutely terrifying. But upon closer inspection, the average height&nbsp;&nbsp; of the group was only 1.65 meters, and they didn't&nbsp; look particularly strong. Most importantly, the&nbsp;&nbsp; group consisted of only 11 people, all unarmed. "Everyone, listen up! Take down these charlatans!"&nbsp; Lucas immediately issued the order. "Commander Yue, just take them down,&nbsp;&nbsp; but don't kill anyone." Xiao Qiang immediately gave instructions,&nbsp;&nbsp; saying that causing a death on Chinese&nbsp; territory would be a rather troublesome matter.&nbsp; Although he is not afraid of trouble,&nbsp; he does not want to cause trouble.&nbsp; These armored figures were none other than Yue Fei&nbsp; and his ten tiger generals, including historically&nbsp;&nbsp; renowned warriors such as Yang Zaixing,&nbsp; Zhang Xian, Niu Gao, Yue Yun, and Dong Xian.&nbsp; These people have killed countless people&nbsp; throughout their lives; let's hope they don't&nbsp;&nbsp; cause a fatality right from the start. To be on the safe side, Xiao Qiang had&nbsp;&nbsp; to make arrangements with their&nbsp; commander, Yue Fei, in advance.&nbsp; The thunder roared and&nbsp; illuminated half of the night sky.&nbsp; Under the cover of night, shadows moved&nbsp; about, and light and shadow intertwined.&nbsp;&nbsp; The Shadow Hunter might be very strong, but he was&nbsp; indeed no match for the Ten Tiger Generals under&nbsp;&nbsp; Yue Fei, whose killing intent was even stronger. In less than three minutes, the fifteen top&nbsp;&nbsp; Shadow Hunter assassins, armed with sharp blades,&nbsp; were disarmed by the ten unarmed Tiger Generals.&nbsp; Of the fifteen men, only Lucas and&nbsp; Rodman remained awake; the others&nbsp;&nbsp; had all been knocked unconscious in the mud. Yue Yun and Yang Zaixing escorted the two men&nbsp;&nbsp; to Xiao Qiang and Yue Fei like prisoners. "Now you can tell us who sent you, right?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked at the two&nbsp; of them and asked coldly.&nbsp; Although Lucas was dropped,&nbsp; his performance demonstrated&nbsp;&nbsp; his extremely high level of professionalism. "Pah, don't waste your breath. I'm not telling&nbsp;&nbsp; you. We assassins are professionals..." Xiao Qiang frowned and looked at Rodman,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Black man beside him, "What about&nbsp; you? Why don't you say something..."&nbsp; "He's our team leader, and we don't have&nbsp; access to the employer's information!"&nbsp; Rodman sold Lucas without hesitation. Xiao Qiang stood up and looked at Yue Fei,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Thank you for your trouble, General Yue!" Yue Fei gave Niu Gao and Yang Zaixing a wink, and&nbsp;&nbsp; the two of them pulled Lucas aside like a chick. Before long, heart-wrenching screams and strange&nbsp;&nbsp; shouts that sounded like they&nbsp; were dying came from the darkness!&nbsp; This piqued Xiao Qiang's curiosity! Less than two minutes later, Niu Gao returned&nbsp;&nbsp; to Xiao Qiang alone, carrying the limp Lucas. “General Yue, Commander Xiao, this man’s name&nbsp;&nbsp; is Lucas. He belongs to an assassin organization&nbsp; called Shadow Hunters. According to him, his&nbsp;&nbsp; employer is a Chinese man named Fan Zhengyang.” Xiao Qiang's eyes instantly turned icy cold. He&nbsp;&nbsp; then squatted down on Lucas, who was slumped in&nbsp; the mud, and said, "Are you sure the employer's&nbsp;&nbsp; name is Fan Zhengyang? If I find out you're&nbsp; lying, I'll make you wish you were dead."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Lucas shuddered. "It's...&nbsp; confirmed. The other party... transferred&nbsp;&nbsp; money to our organization's account&nbsp; using... online banking...that's why&nbsp;&nbsp; I saw the other party's... name." After Lucas finished speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; he seemed to have used up his last&nbsp; bit of strength and collapsed again.&nbsp; "Fan Zhengyang...you actually played&nbsp; this game with me...very good..."&nbsp; Just then, a rapid siren sounded. Ten vehicles bearing the national security&nbsp;&nbsp; logo drove into the construction site. "Xiaoqiang, you said you encountered&nbsp;&nbsp; a foreign assassin? Where is he?" The visitor was Lin Hao, who worked for&nbsp;&nbsp; the National Security Bureau. The case involved&nbsp; a foreign assassin, and if not handled properly,&nbsp;&nbsp; it could lead to a diplomatic dispute. The&nbsp; National Security Bureau had been dealing&nbsp;&nbsp; with foreign personnel for many years, so they&nbsp; were more adept at handling such situations.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang gestured towards the group&nbsp; of men in black lying in the mud.&nbsp; Lin Hao stepped forward to observe, "Wow, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang, you're awesome! You took down 15 tall,&nbsp;&nbsp; burly assassins all by yourself.&nbsp; Impressive, incredible..."&nbsp; Lin Hao knew Xiao Qiang's fighting&nbsp; prowess; after all, he was known as a&nbsp;&nbsp; super soldier king, so he wasn't too shocked. "Xiao Qiang, you'll have to treat us later,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's been raining and muddy for so long..." "Drink! Haozi, shouldn't you thank me for&nbsp;&nbsp; this? You've done a great job catching all the&nbsp; foreign assassins who entered the country."&nbsp; "Why don't you go back, and I'll call 110 (the&nbsp; police)? They'll definitely be happy to do it."&nbsp; Lin Hao gave an awkward smile, "You&nbsp; little rascal, alright, alright.&nbsp;&nbsp; Thanks to Xiao Qiang for the opportunity.&nbsp; I will never forget such a great favor."&nbsp; "Alright, alright!" Xiao Qiang waved his hand,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Alright, hurry up and get him away! I need to&nbsp; go home, look at him, he's soaked to the bone!"&nbsp; After Lin Hao left, Yue Fei and his ten&nbsp; tiger generals reappeared from the darkness.&nbsp; He arrived at Building 6 of&nbsp; Yiheyuan Villa with 11 top killers.&nbsp; The two assistants who previously&nbsp; served the seven renowned doctors&nbsp;&nbsp; were already waiting at the door in the rain. Looking at the group of 11 menacing-looking,&nbsp;&nbsp; strangely dressed people, the two male assistants&nbsp; were curious but remained relatively calm.&nbsp; Assistant A, Xiao Wang: "Mr.&nbsp; Xiao, who are these people?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang: "Oh, they are all my distant&nbsp; relatives. They live deep in the mountains&nbsp;&nbsp; year-round. Because they admire Yue Fei's&nbsp; army, their nicknames are all based on&nbsp;&nbsp; names from Yue Fei's army." Come, this is Yue Fei…&nbsp; This is Yang Zaixing… Xiao Wang was also well-versed in history&nbsp; books, so he naturally knew these figures.&nbsp; “Xiao Wang, they rarely leave the mountains and&nbsp; are somewhat out of touch with modern society.&nbsp;&nbsp; It seems that their image needs to be revamped.” Then I thought, what if these people don't listen?&nbsp; So he pulled Yue Fei aside,&nbsp; muttered something to himself,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then Xiao Qiang smiled with satisfaction. Afterwards, Xiao Qiang gave his two assistants&nbsp;&nbsp; another set of instructions, and the eleven&nbsp; "distant relatives" headed towards another&nbsp;&nbsp; villa under the guidance of the two assistants. He went directly to the stock trading department.&nbsp; "What are you doing? What are you doing?" The group of traders, who were intently&nbsp;&nbsp; watching the market, were startled&nbsp; by Xiao Qiang's sudden appearance.&nbsp; Li Le shuddered and jumped up&nbsp; from his chair. "President Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're monitoring the market... What's wrong?" "What are you watching the market for!"&nbsp; Li Le, Zhang Kun, you two come here! I've said it several times already:&nbsp;&nbsp; when there's no action involved, let&nbsp; everyone go get a massage, go to karaoke,&nbsp;&nbsp; or play games at an esports arena... I just went to your club, and the girls&nbsp;&nbsp; there said they haven't seen a single customer&nbsp; in days, so their skills have become rusty.&nbsp; And our expensively built KTV and&nbsp; e-sports rooms are all gathering dust...&nbsp; Why are you two making everyone stare at&nbsp; computers all day and waste their lives?&nbsp; Remember, life is meant to be enjoyed,&nbsp; not spent staring at a computer screen.&nbsp; Everyone has it! Massage parlor,&nbsp;&nbsp; karaoke room, e-sports room, let's go! the group of traders looked at&nbsp; each other, unsure of what to do.&nbsp; Li Le and Zhang Kun said irritably, "Didn't&nbsp; you hear what President Xiao said? Stand up,&nbsp;&nbsp; get out of here and go to the massage parlor,&nbsp; KTV, or e-sports room, and go wild..."&nbsp; Then everyone ran out of the trading room in&nbsp; a flash, as if they were having a great time. Chapter 96 Demanding Compensation from the State Li Le and Zhang Kun did not leave;&nbsp;&nbsp; instead, they stayed. "Mr. Xiao, is there something planned?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded. "We'll start preparing&nbsp; to cash out our profits tomorrow night and&nbsp;&nbsp; return the shares we borrowed from&nbsp; the various securities companies."&nbsp; Li Le was puzzled. The M-shares had fallen&nbsp; sharply in the past two days, which was a&nbsp;&nbsp; good time to make a profit. Why would he take&nbsp; profits and return the shares at this time?&nbsp; Zhang Kun shared the same thought. Although the two were puzzled,&nbsp;&nbsp; they still obeyed resolutely. Through&nbsp; their previous cooperation, they were&nbsp;&nbsp; completely impressed by Xiao Qiang's ability&nbsp; to control the timing of the market operations.&nbsp; Having arranged everything, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; went straight to Li Muyao's villa.&nbsp; Li Muyao's villa is only 400 square&nbsp; meters, but she lives there alone.&nbsp; She decorated the entire villa with great beauty,&nbsp; making it look like a world from a fairy tale.&nbsp; The four bedrooms each have a distinct&nbsp; style, decorated according to the&nbsp;&nbsp; scenery of each of the four seasons. Li Muyao gave the four rooms four names.&nbsp; Spring boudoir, summer palace,&nbsp; autumn pavilion, winter hall.&nbsp; She would rest in different rooms depending&nbsp; on her daily mood and preferences.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang also experienced the joy&nbsp; of experiencing all four seasons&nbsp;&nbsp; in a single day in various rooms. The thunder continued into the night,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the autumn rain poured down harder and harder! The next morning at 6 a.m.&nbsp; While Xiao Qiang was still fast&nbsp; asleep, his phone rang urgently.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang closed his eyes and hung up the phone. But two seconds later,&nbsp;&nbsp; the urgent phone rang again. Xiao Qiang picked up the phone,&nbsp;&nbsp; answered it without even looking at it, and said&nbsp; weakly, "You better give me a perfect reason to&nbsp;&nbsp; disturb my sleep, or I'll beat you to a pulp!" There was a moment of silence on the other end.&nbsp; "Why the hell aren't you going to say something?" Seeing that the other party remained silent for a&nbsp;&nbsp; long time, Xiao Qiang became a little annoyed. "Xiao Qiang, young people&nbsp;&nbsp; shouldn't get so angry so easily." Upon hearing the voice, Xiao Qiang recognized&nbsp;&nbsp; it but couldn't place it. He immediately&nbsp; opened his eyes and looked at his phone screen.&nbsp; "Chief...Chief..." The caller was none other than Chen Weiguo,&nbsp;&nbsp; the leader of the Chinese military. "Alright, don't be nervous. But it's&nbsp;&nbsp; not a good habit for someone so young&nbsp; to make people eat shit so easily..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said awkwardly, "This is indeed&nbsp; a bad habit, I will definitely change it..."&nbsp; "Come to the military headquarters right away,&nbsp; I have something important to discuss with you!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was completely bewildered. "You, a&nbsp; high-ranking official in the Chinese military,&nbsp;&nbsp; what do you want to discuss with me?" However, from the other party's serious&nbsp;&nbsp; and low tone, Xiao Qiang knew that&nbsp; something urgent must have happened.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang didn't hesitate and immediately&nbsp; withdrew from the gentle embrace.&nbsp; He contacted Su Rui, who also lived in the&nbsp; Summer Palace Villa, and the two of them went&nbsp;&nbsp; to the military headquarters together. Because of his status as a top soldier,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Rui had the opportunity to enter this place&nbsp; before, so he was quite familiar with the place.&nbsp; Inside a quaint office, Chen Weiguo,&nbsp; dressed in military uniform, sat upright.&nbsp; Behind them are bright red&nbsp; national and military flags.&nbsp; Upon entering the office, Su Rui&nbsp; gave Chen Weiguo a military salute.&nbsp; Although he has taken off his military uniform,&nbsp; his soldierly nature has become even more evident.&nbsp; Chen Weiguo returned the&nbsp; salute with a military salute.&nbsp; However, they also expressed some doubt&nbsp; about Su Rui and Xiao Qiang coming together.&nbsp; When did you two get together? Xiao Qiang gave an awkward smile and&nbsp;&nbsp; explained the whole story to Chen Weiguo. Chen Weiguo chuckled leisurely, "You&nbsp;&nbsp; little rascal, trying to poach my talent..." Xiao Qiang chuckled, "It doesn't matter where&nbsp;&nbsp; you make a contribution, why be so particular!&nbsp; Look, I'd come running over the moment you call!"&nbsp; "By the way, sir, is there something important&nbsp; that you summoned me here in such a hurry?"&nbsp; When it came to serious matters, Chen Weiguo's&nbsp; expression became solemn. "You all know Major&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Xinluo, right?" The two nodded.&nbsp; "She's missing!" Chen Weiguo's words exploded in Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; ears like a thunderclap from a clear sky. "Su Xinluo has disappeared?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang exclaimed in shock. He had&nbsp; been in contact with Su Xinluo a few&nbsp;&nbsp; days ago when he returned from abroad.&nbsp; How could a perfectly healthy person have&nbsp;&nbsp; disappeared in just a few days? Wasn't she going on vacation?&nbsp; A series of questions&nbsp; surfaced in Xiao Qiang's mind.&nbsp; Seeing the deep confusion in Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's eyes, Chen Weiguo spoke again.&nbsp; "On the eve of the National Day holiday,&nbsp; the deputy chief engineer of my country's&nbsp;&nbsp; No. 2 Aircraft Manufacturing Plant was&nbsp; recruited by a spy from the United States&nbsp;&nbsp; and fled with the core key documents&nbsp; of the fourth-generation fighter jet."&nbsp; The plan is to travel through other&nbsp; countries and eventually reach country M.&nbsp; The higher command decided to send a top-ranking&nbsp; soldier from the military to escort the traitor&nbsp;&nbsp; back to the country, and Major Su Xinluo&nbsp; was the one to carry out this mission.&nbsp; However, at 11 p.m. last night,&nbsp; the military command center was&nbsp;&nbsp; unable to contact Major Su Xinluo. Prior to this, the command center&nbsp;&nbsp; had been in contact with Major Su every hour. Xiao Qiang suddenly realized that she had gone&nbsp;&nbsp; on a secret mission, which explained&nbsp; why she hadn't traveled with them.&nbsp; "Sir, where was Major Su last seen? And why did&nbsp; he look for me? I'm just an ordinary civilian!"&nbsp; Chen Weiguo smiled faintly, "Let me answer your&nbsp; first question first. The place where Major Su&nbsp;&nbsp; appeared an hour before he disappeared&nbsp; was the Kokang town in northern Padang.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang frowned. Mianbei Kokang? This place became quite famous&nbsp;&nbsp; in later generations; it was a&nbsp; world-renowned hotbed of telecom fraud.&nbsp; Its popularity even overshadowed the warlord&nbsp; conflicts that occasionally broke out in the area.&nbsp; "We judge that Major Su Xinlu must have&nbsp; encountered some difficulties there, and may even&nbsp;&nbsp; have been captured by pro-M armed forces there." Therefore, the first reason for asking you to come&nbsp;&nbsp; is to rescue Major Su, and the second is to assist&nbsp; her in bringing state secrets back to the country.&nbsp; Because of your civilian status, you won't&nbsp; attract the attention of other countries. Besides,&nbsp;&nbsp; you have high personal combat strength;&nbsp; don't forget you're the world's top soldier.&nbsp; Now that Comrade Su Rui is with you, and he has&nbsp; extensive experience in carrying out missions,&nbsp;&nbsp; you are the perfect choice to perform this task. After Chen Weiguo finished speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; he turned to Su Rui beside him and asked,&nbsp; "Comrade Su Rui, is there any problem?"&nbsp; "If war breaks out, I will be summoned&nbsp; back and obey the nation's orders."&nbsp; Su Rui's resounding vow served as a&nbsp; response to Chen Weiguo's inquiry.&nbsp; Chen Weiguo nodded in satisfaction. Xiao Qiang was annoyed. Su Rui is now&nbsp;&nbsp; my subordinate. Shouldn't you&nbsp; ask me, the boss, about this?&nbsp; Su Rui, what's the point of having&nbsp; such a high level of understanding?&nbsp; Now that you mention it, it seems like I'm being&nbsp; a bit too unwise in setting these conditions.&nbsp; But Xiao Qiang has never cared&nbsp; what others think of him.&nbsp; "Sir, I have no problem going on&nbsp; the mission, but I have a question."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Chen Weiguo's&nbsp; right eyelid twitched inexplicably.&nbsp; "What's the problem? Tell me..." "Um, sir, look, there's warlord&nbsp;&nbsp; infighting in northern Mianyang right&nbsp; now, it's a hail of bullets, and you&nbsp;&nbsp; might just die in that godforsaken&nbsp; place if you're not careful..."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Chen Weiguo could already&nbsp; guess what the kid was going to say next.&nbsp; Her brows relaxed, and she stared at&nbsp; Xiao Qiang with a smile in her eyes.&nbsp; "So, you want some compensation&nbsp; from the government, is that it?" Chapter 97 Transmigrated Special Forces Soldier Xiao Qiang felt embarrassed when his&nbsp; little scheme was exposed by his superior.&nbsp; "It's not easy for ordinary people like us&nbsp; to make a living and earn a meager living..."&nbsp; Chen Weiguo was both amused and annoyed by&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's appearance, which resembled a&nbsp;&nbsp; migrant worker demanding unpaid wages. "You cunning little rascal. If this&nbsp;&nbsp; mission is successfully completed, it&nbsp; will be a great service to the country."&nbsp; We might consider giving you&nbsp; the rank of Major General…&nbsp; "Really? That's settled then. I'll take&nbsp; the mission and guarantee to complete it."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang abandoned his previous timid&nbsp; demeanor and appeared confident and determined.&nbsp; This left Chen Weiguo both amused and&nbsp; exasperated, but he admired Xiao Qiang even more.&nbsp; "By the way, sir, there's another&nbsp; problem. The unit won't let us carry&nbsp;&nbsp; out this mission empty-handed, will it?" Chen Weiguo: "Of course not, I will arrange&nbsp;&nbsp; for someone to prepare two sets of special&nbsp; forces individual combat weapon sets for you."&nbsp; "Sir, forget about two sets, just give us&nbsp; thirteen sets. I need to bring some helpers."&nbsp; "Your helpers? I know your abilities.&nbsp; Wouldn't sending anyone else be a hindrance?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang thought for a moment, "Apart&nbsp; from not knowing how to use firearms,&nbsp;&nbsp; they should have no other problems." Once we get back, Su Rui will explain&nbsp;&nbsp; the usage precautions to us. Seeing Xiao Qiang say this,&nbsp;&nbsp; Chen Weiguo nodded slightly, which meant&nbsp; he agreed with Xiao Qiang's suggestion.&nbsp; "Okay, then we'll do it your way. I'll&nbsp; arrange a temporary training base for you.&nbsp;&nbsp; You'll only have one afternoon to familiarize&nbsp; yourself with it, and a helicopter will transport&nbsp;&nbsp; you to the border tonight." The rest is up to you.&nbsp; With time running out and the task heavy, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang immediately arranged for his assistant,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Wang, to escort Yue Fei and the Ten&nbsp; Tiger Generals to the entrance of the base.&nbsp; Looking at the flashy equipment in&nbsp; front of them, Yue Fei and his ten&nbsp;&nbsp; generals showed great curiosity. "Xiaoqiang, what's this round&nbsp;&nbsp; thing? Oh? It even has a pull ring!" As Yue Fei was speaking, he reached out to&nbsp;&nbsp; pull the iron ring, which startled Xiao Qiang. "Brother Yue, put it down quickly..."&nbsp; He quickly snatched the high-explosive&nbsp; grenade that Yue Fei was playing with.&nbsp; "Hey? Xiaoqiang, what's this dark&nbsp; thing? It's pitch black inside..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang turned his head and saw Yang&nbsp; Zaixing facing the muzzle of an assault rifle,&nbsp;&nbsp; with his finger on the trigger. Thank goodness they don't know how&nbsp;&nbsp; to buy insurance. At this moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; Niu Gao shouted loudly, "Zhang Xian, move aside!&nbsp; You're standing right in front of my nose..."&nbsp; "Get lost! I'm more than 30 feet away from you,&nbsp; how could I be right in front of your nose!"&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Niu Gao took&nbsp; off his binoculars and looked&nbsp;&nbsp; at Zhang Xian again. "Huh? It really is..." These Song Dynasty special forces soldiers,&nbsp;&nbsp; having just received equipment from modern special&nbsp; forces, made quite a few laughable mistakes.&nbsp; This was also Xiao Qiang's first time&nbsp; encountering such advanced equipment.&nbsp;&nbsp; After observing and playing with it for a while,&nbsp; he arranged for Su Rui, a genuine special forces&nbsp;&nbsp; soldier, to give everyone a brief explanation. Su Rui's explanation was very detailed,&nbsp;&nbsp; covering how to use each weapon, under&nbsp; what conditions to use it, and precautions.&nbsp; "What? You're saying this thing called&nbsp; an 'assault rifle' can effectively&nbsp;&nbsp; attack things within 400 meters?" Niu Gao simply couldn't understand it.&nbsp;&nbsp; He was the most skilled archer under Yue Fei,&nbsp; yet he could only shoot an arrow 150 meters.&nbsp; "And there's a lump of iron&nbsp; that can blow up a small house?"&nbsp; Everyone nodded, clearly&nbsp; harboring some doubts as well.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded to Su Rui. Su Rui said loudly, "Since everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't believe me, I'll demonstrate for you." After having the 400-meter moving target set&nbsp;&nbsp; up at the training ground, Su&nbsp; Rui went to the weapons bag.&nbsp; Load the assault rifle and&nbsp; pistol, then release the safety.&nbsp; "Attention everyone!" Su Rui seemed to transform into a different&nbsp; person. He first fired his pistol at the close&nbsp;&nbsp; target in front of him, and the target&nbsp; fell down with the sound of the gunshot.&nbsp; After emptying his 10-round stash, Su Rui picked&nbsp; up his assault rifle and fired eight bursts,&nbsp;&nbsp; bringing down the moving target 400 meters away. Then he picked up a grenade, pulled the pin,&nbsp;&nbsp; and threw it at a huge abandoned car. With a huge explosion,&nbsp;&nbsp; the old car wash was blown to pieces. Su Rui seemed still not satisfied,&nbsp;&nbsp; and amidst the astonished gazes of the&nbsp; group, she threw four high-explosive&nbsp;&nbsp; grenades into the distance in one go. The four explosions seemed to ring right&nbsp;&nbsp; next to his ears, and even Xiao Qiang, who was&nbsp; well prepared, was shocked by the loud noise.&nbsp; That's way louder than a grenade exploding on TV! These elite soldiers of the Song Dynasty were&nbsp;&nbsp; terrified, like birds startled&nbsp; by the mere twang of a bow.&nbsp; They all stood there, stunned. "Brother Niu, how loud was that grenade?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang tugged at Niu Gao, who was tightly&nbsp; covering his ears and standing there motionless.&nbsp; "Wow...that's amazing...it's&nbsp; almost as loud as thunder!"&nbsp; After this live-fire demonstration, these&nbsp; time-traveling special forces soldiers no longer&nbsp;&nbsp; doubted the power of the weapons in their hands. Xiao Qiang instructed Su Rui to arrange three&nbsp;&nbsp; hours for these people to conduct target practice. Professional soldiers are truly professional;&nbsp;&nbsp; regardless of which dynasty they belong&nbsp; to, they have developed an extremely&nbsp;&nbsp; strong conditioned reflex to shooting. After just 3 hours, these people were&nbsp;&nbsp; able to achieve shooting accuracy at the&nbsp; level of contemporary elite soldiers.&nbsp; This shocked Su Rui immensely. "Mr. Xiao, should we provide some&nbsp;&nbsp; training in cold weapons and jungle warfare?" Since he was brought in by Xiao Qiang to&nbsp;&nbsp; participate in the rescue, he couldn't&nbsp; be completely useless; his amazing&nbsp;&nbsp; shooting talent is a testament to that. Xiao Qiang shook his head. These people&nbsp;&nbsp; were able to become one of Yue Fei's&nbsp; Ten Tiger Generals, so their ability&nbsp;&nbsp; in cold weapon combat was beyond question. After everything was arranged, at 6 p.m.,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and his group of thirteen boarded the&nbsp; military helicopter and arrived at the border&nbsp;&nbsp; between China and Myanmar at 9 p.m. that evening. The military officials have already completed the&nbsp;&nbsp; entry procedures for these thirteen people. At 11 p.m. that night, they checked into&nbsp;&nbsp; a hotel on Kokang Old Street. "Mr. Xiao, Major Su's last known&nbsp;&nbsp; location before his disappearance was&nbsp; the Hongyun Hotel across the street!"&nbsp; At this moment, inside the Fuxing Hotel&nbsp; across the street from the Hongyun Hotel,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Su Rui were looking in the&nbsp; direction of the Hongyun Hotel with binoculars.&nbsp; Hongyun Hotel is a seven-story building, and in&nbsp; terms of scale, it should be considered one of the&nbsp;&nbsp; largest hotels in the entire Kokang Old Street. “Brother Rui, look at the security camera at&nbsp;&nbsp; the entrance of Hongyun Hotel.&nbsp; If that camera isn’t broken,&nbsp;&nbsp; we can definitely find some clues by reviewing&nbsp; the surveillance video from the last 24 hours.”&nbsp; Xiao Qiang calls Su Rui "Brother Rui," and Su&nbsp; Rui calls Xiao Qiang "General Manager Xiao."&nbsp; But neither of them felt there was&nbsp; anything wrong with this form of address.&nbsp; "Let's go." After Xiao Qiang and Su Rui made arrangements&nbsp;&nbsp; for Yue Fei and his entourage, the two swaggered&nbsp; across the street to the Hongyun Hotel.&nbsp; The boss was a woman in her&nbsp; thirties who wore heavy makeup.&nbsp; Seeing a guest come in, he said,&nbsp; "Hey handsome, need a place to&nbsp;&nbsp; stay? We have some pretty girls here!" "Yes, of course we need it. You know our&nbsp;&nbsp; needs all too well, beautiful lady." At this moment, Xiao Qiang was like a&nbsp;&nbsp; drama queen, a perfect combination of&nbsp; a hooligan, a lecher, and a hoodlum.&nbsp; Did this leave Suri standing&nbsp; next to him dumbfounded?&nbsp; I didn't react for a second. For a fleeting moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Rui wondered if this could be considered using&nbsp; a business trip as an excuse to seek pleasure. Chapter 98 Xiao Qiang's Frustration "Handsome guys, how much are you looking&nbsp;&nbsp; for? As the saying goes, you get what you pay&nbsp; for, including the service and other aspects..."&nbsp; "Give us your most expensive..." Suri: "..."&nbsp; "Would you say I've had bad luck with men?" Su Rui couldn't help but&nbsp;&nbsp; feel a surge of suspicion. Upon hearing Xiao Qiang's words,&nbsp;&nbsp; the proprietress immediately beamed with&nbsp; joy, as if she had seen a god of wealth.&nbsp; "But ma'am, my car was stolen in front of&nbsp; your hotel yesterday afternoon. I need to&nbsp;&nbsp; see the security camera footage at your&nbsp; hotel entrance. Is that alright with me?"&nbsp; Upon hearing about the surveillance footage,&nbsp; the beautiful proprietress's expression became&nbsp;&nbsp; noticeably unnatural, and she looked at Xiao&nbsp; Qiang and Su Rui with a hint of wariness.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Su Rui noticed all of&nbsp; the landlady's subtle expressions.&nbsp; Su Rui finally understood the&nbsp; purpose behind Xiao Qiang's actions.&nbsp; Seeing that the proprietress was on guard, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang had a sudden idea. He took out a stack of US&nbsp;&nbsp; dollars that he had prepared beforehand and placed&nbsp; them in front of her. "We are here to do business.&nbsp;&nbsp; There are important documents of ours in the car." This is just a small token of my appreciation,&nbsp;&nbsp; $10,000. Once we find the car,&nbsp; there will be a much greater reward.&nbsp; The proprietress's eyes lit up when she saw the&nbsp; thick wad of US dollars. Ignoring her husband's&nbsp;&nbsp; warnings, she said, "Alright, you seem to be&nbsp; in a hurry, so I'll help you out. But let me&nbsp;&nbsp; make this clear: I'm not responsible if&nbsp; your car isn't visible in the video..."&nbsp; "That's natural..." "Then come on over," the landlady said, getting&nbsp;&nbsp; up and leading the two to the monitoring room. The server room contains more than a dozen&nbsp;&nbsp; computers connected to surveillance&nbsp; cameras on each floor of the hotel.&nbsp; The landlady pointed to one of the&nbsp; computers and said, "That computer is&nbsp;&nbsp; the surveillance camera at the hotel entrance." Su Rui went over to check, while the proprietress&nbsp;&nbsp; kept a close eye on her the whole time. This prevented Suri from carrying out&nbsp;&nbsp; their pre-arranged action plan. Upon seeing this, Xiao Qiang said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Big sister, let him search here. You&nbsp; take me to cool down first. Look at me..."&nbsp; He pointed to the tent beneath him as he spoke. Since taking Shenyang Kangtai Pills, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; has been able to control his emotions at will. The proprietress glanced down, a suggestive&nbsp;&nbsp; expression instantly spreading across&nbsp; her face. She licked her lips and said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Handsome, you've got some nice assets..." Xiao Qiang felt a chill run down his spine&nbsp;&nbsp; as he looked at the sight, and goosebumps&nbsp; instantly covered his entire body. Was he&nbsp;&nbsp; going to have to sell his body? At this moment, Su Rui secretly&nbsp;&nbsp; gave Xiao Qiang an encouraging look. Xiao Qiang glanced again at the proprietress's&nbsp;&nbsp; thick foundation and felt a wave of nausea.&nbsp; "Ma'am, could you find me a few girls to help me&nbsp;&nbsp; relieve stress, the most expensive kind? Okay..." The proprietress seemed unmoved, her&nbsp;&nbsp; eyes fixed on the tent. Xiao Qiang hardened his heart,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Sister, how about we go to your room and chat...&nbsp; for a while? I see you're lonely and isolated..."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, the proprietress&nbsp; replied, "Okay, okay..."&nbsp; The two walked out of the monitoring&nbsp; room one after the other. Before leaving,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang clearly saw Su Rui give&nbsp; him a gloating and ambiguous smile.&nbsp; The room next to the reception desk on the first&nbsp; floor is where the landlady rests temporarily.&nbsp; Upon entering the room, the&nbsp; forty-something-year-old&nbsp;&nbsp; proprietress stared at Xiao Qiang with a burning&nbsp; gaze, which sent chills down Xiao Qiang's spine.&nbsp; "Sister...sister, is this...place unsafe?&nbsp; What if your husband suddenly comes back...?"&nbsp; "He's probably out gallivanting somewhere, it'll&nbsp; be a miracle if he's back by tomorrow morning..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was speechless for a moment. "Um, sis...don't you need&nbsp;&nbsp; to watch the kids tonight?" The proprietress said seductively,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I don't have any children, so how&nbsp; about you give me one, handsome..."&nbsp; "Uh... can you just give this away randomly...?" "Hey handsome, what are you standing there for?&nbsp;&nbsp; Come sit next to me..." "oh…"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang cautiously moved to the bedside,&nbsp; and was immediately pulled to sit on the&nbsp;&nbsp; edge of the bed by the landlady. The scene at this moment is very&nbsp;&nbsp; similar to the wedding night in ancient times. It's just that the roles have been reversed.&nbsp; The proprietress, full of longing&nbsp; and expectation, and Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; who looked like a submissive person. At this moment, Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; mind raced as he pondered a solution. "Um... sister, how's business at your hotel...?"&nbsp; "Let's not talk about anything else, the night&nbsp; is too short... Let's do something else..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang sighed inwardly, "Is my&nbsp; lifelong reputation going to be ruined&nbsp;&nbsp; in this godforsaken place?!" "What else can we do?"&nbsp; "What do you think? Of course, it's something&nbsp; that can help both of us relieve stress..."&nbsp; The proprietress pounced on Xiao Qiang like&nbsp; a hungry tiger, giving him a tight hug,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Xiao Qiang immediately felt&nbsp; attacked from multiple places.&nbsp; Moreover, he could smell the cheap perfume on&nbsp; the landlady, which made him feel nauseous.&nbsp; "Um...excuse me, do you have a small umbrella...?" "Why use a small umbrella? Wouldn't it be better&nbsp;&nbsp; to just stand directly next to each other?" He thought to himself, "Brother Rui, hurry up!&nbsp;&nbsp; If you don't show up soon, I might get HIV..." After saying that, the proprietress&nbsp;&nbsp; tore open her clothes. Xiao Qiang swore that he had&nbsp;&nbsp; never seen such a loose and unreliable existence&nbsp; in his entire life, including his previous life.&nbsp; Then, the fierce proprietress tried&nbsp; to pull down Xiao Qiang's pants,&nbsp;&nbsp; which made Xiao Qiang tremble with fear. Just then, Su Rui's voice rang out in the&nbsp;&nbsp; hallway, "Qiangzi, where is he?!" Xiao Qiang immediately grasped at&nbsp;&nbsp; the opportunity as if it were a lifeline,&nbsp; "Sister, my friend called... Once I find a car,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll definitely make sure you have a good time..." Without waiting for the landlady's response,&nbsp;&nbsp; he pushed her onto the bed and&nbsp; ran out of the room in a flash.&nbsp; Just then, the proprietress, who was in the&nbsp; middle of a lively conversation, snorted,&nbsp;&nbsp; put on her top, and followed her out. Seeing Xiao Qiang's disheveled appearance,&nbsp;&nbsp; covered in sweat, Su Rui struggled&nbsp; to suppress her laughter.&nbsp; "Did you find it?" "Um…"&nbsp; As Su Rui answered, she glanced behind Xiao&nbsp; Qiang, indicating that the landlady had followed.&nbsp; "Sister, let's go to the police&nbsp; station to report the incident and&nbsp;&nbsp; find the car. We'll come back to you later..." "This is just a small token of my appreciation."&nbsp; As he spoke, he took out another wad of US dollars&nbsp; and slapped it into the proprietress's hand.&nbsp; The proprietress's wounded heart&nbsp; finally began to ease slightly.&nbsp; Watching Xiao Qiang's hurried departure, she&nbsp; returned to her room with a resentful expression.&nbsp; Upon returning to the Fuxing Hotel, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; and Su Rui immediately took out their handheld&nbsp;&nbsp; computers and plugged in a USB drive. Then find a video and drag the&nbsp;&nbsp; time progress bar to the middle. "Mr. Xiao, look, at 9 pm last night, a group&nbsp;&nbsp; of people in green military uniforms carried away&nbsp; three large wooden crates from the Hongda Hotel."&nbsp; If I'm not mistaken, there should&nbsp; be a person inside the wooden box.&nbsp; As for whether Major Su is&nbsp; among them, it's hard to say!&nbsp; With his rearview vision, Xiao Qiang immediately&nbsp; recognized that this was probably the beginning&nbsp;&nbsp; of a human trafficking operation in Mianbei. With his rearview vision, Xiao Qiang quickly&nbsp;&nbsp; figured out the trick after a moment's&nbsp; thought, and the next step was to verify it. Chapter 99 Warlord Oncomin After figuring all this out, Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang decided to go and verify it again. Although&nbsp; it was a dangerous place, time was of the essence,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he couldn't worry about anything else. Inside the Hongda Hotel, the landlady was&nbsp;&nbsp; lying limply on the bed. "Boss lady..."&nbsp; Suddenly, a shout rang out, "Isn't that the&nbsp; voice of that handsome young man from earlier?"&nbsp; The proprietress forced herself&nbsp; to be cheerful, got dressed,&nbsp;&nbsp; and came to the front desk. "Handsome,&nbsp; you're back so soon? Missed your sister?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang suppressed his discomfort and&nbsp; said, "Sister, call me... three pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; girls... I want to fight until dawn..." The proprietress was taken aback,&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking, "Is it that strong...?" I had originally planned to go myself,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I was almost exhausted and needed to recover.&nbsp; The landlady said helplessly, "Go to room 501&nbsp;&nbsp; first. Here's the room key, it'll cost $500." Xiao Qiang paid the bill with a heavy heart.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just as he was about to go upstairs, he heard the&nbsp; landlady's weak yet seductive voice behind him:&nbsp;&nbsp; "Handsome, come to my room when you're done. I&nbsp; won't charge you, and besides, I know a lot..."&nbsp; This startled Xiao Qiang so much that&nbsp; he almost fell down the stairs. After&nbsp;&nbsp; giving a few perfunctory replies, he&nbsp; hurriedly headed up to the 5th floor.&nbsp; Three minutes later, three scantily clad girls&nbsp; arrived at room 501 where Xiao Qiang was.&nbsp; One of them was a woman from Europe or America,&nbsp; and the other two were of Asian appearance.&nbsp; The meticulous Xiao Qiang immediately noticed&nbsp; the difference between these three women and&nbsp;&nbsp; ordinary sex workers: their eyes were vacant,&nbsp; their faces were expressionless, and even their&nbsp;&nbsp; exposed skin had scars that had not yet healed. Although it is not obvious, it cannot be hidden.&nbsp; "Sir, how would you like it...?" One of the young Asian girls&nbsp;&nbsp; asked in broken English. Xiao Qiang immediately noticed&nbsp;&nbsp; something from her accent; the girl was Chinese. So Xiao Qiang deliberately asked in Mandarin,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Are you two Chinese?" Upon hearing Xiao Qiang's question,&nbsp;&nbsp; a glimmer of light instantly appeared&nbsp; in the girl's previously vacant eyes.&nbsp; But the girl didn't answer.&nbsp; Instead, she opened her mouth&nbsp;&nbsp; and whispered two words: "Surveillance..." Once he understood, Xiao Qiang immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; and subtly turned his head, finally spotting a&nbsp; flashing red light above the television screen.&nbsp; "Those bastards!" changed his expression, staring at the three&nbsp; women with a typical lecherous look. His sleazy&nbsp;&nbsp; appearance was as lewd as could be. Three minutes later, Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; looking quite satisfied, took off his shirt and&nbsp; pants, leaving himself in only his underwear,&nbsp;&nbsp; and pulled the Chinese girl into the bathroom. Just before entering the bathroom,&nbsp;&nbsp; he said in a mock-serious, seductive tone,&nbsp; "Come on, let's take a bath together..."&nbsp; As soon as I entered the bathroom, I&nbsp; heard the sound of the shower running.&nbsp; "Young lady, you are Chinese, why&nbsp; are you doing this in Mian Dian?&nbsp;&nbsp; Is there some unspeakable reason?" At this point, the girl was already in&nbsp;&nbsp; tears. "The girl and I came here for tourism,&nbsp; but we never expected that this hotel would&nbsp;&nbsp; be a shady place. The owner confiscated our&nbsp; ID cards and passports under some pretext."&nbsp; Then they forced us to work as&nbsp; prostitutes, and beat us when we&nbsp;&nbsp; didn't obey, even threatening to kill us..." As the girl spoke, she began to sob softly.&nbsp; "Big brother, can you please&nbsp; get us out of here...?"&nbsp; The girl clung tightly to Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's arm as if grasping at a straw.&nbsp; "Yes, that's no problem, but I need to&nbsp; understand the situation here. You must&nbsp;&nbsp; tell me everything you know in detail..." The girl nodded her head repeatedly,&nbsp;&nbsp; like a chick pecking at rice. "Are there many other girls like&nbsp;&nbsp; you being detained here? Where are you staying? Is&nbsp; anyone watching you? Have you ever seen the owner&nbsp;&nbsp; of this place? When is he usually at the hotel?" Xiao Qiang bombarded her with all his questions.&nbsp;&nbsp; Time was of the essence; he couldn't stay&nbsp; in the bathroom with the girl indefinitely,&nbsp;&nbsp; as that would arouse her suspicion. "There are still 8 girls here, 5 of whom&nbsp;&nbsp; are Chinese. We are being held on the top floor.&nbsp; There is an iron door between the top floor and&nbsp;&nbsp; the sixth floor, and 8 men are guarding us." I only met the boss once. He usually came back&nbsp;&nbsp; to the hotel around noon every&nbsp; day and asked us to serve him.&nbsp; As she spoke, the girl lowered her head in shame. "Did you see a woman yesterday who looked like&nbsp;&nbsp; this..." he said, pulling a photo of Su&nbsp; Xinluo from his underwear to show the girl.&nbsp; As soon as the girl saw Su Xinluo's photo,&nbsp; she immediately said, "I've seen her. She&nbsp;&nbsp; was drugged and taken to the top floor. There&nbsp; were two other pretty girls locked up with her;&nbsp;&nbsp; they were taken away last night..." Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang was overjoyed.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Do you know what they were taken away to do?" The girl first shook her head, then seemed to&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly remember something, "Oh right,&nbsp; I overheard two guards saying today that&nbsp;&nbsp; the three people yesterday were sold by&nbsp; the boss to a man named Ang Kemin, but I&nbsp;&nbsp; don't know who Ang Kemin is?" Xiao Qiang nodded excitedly;&nbsp;&nbsp; this trip was definitely worthwhile. I'll keep the name in mind; once I get out,&nbsp;&nbsp; I should be able to find out all&nbsp; about it with a little inquiry.&nbsp; After learning all this, Xiao Qiang first&nbsp; whispered something in the girl's ear,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then turned off the shower. Immediately afterwards,&nbsp;&nbsp; an exaggerated scream came from the bathroom... The remaining girls were also called into the&nbsp;&nbsp; bathroom by Xiao Qiang for&nbsp; a pretense of conversation.&nbsp; But in a room on the top floor, a sleazy-looking&nbsp; man watched the footage on the security camera.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hey, why does this son of a bitch like&nbsp; to do it in the bathroom so much? Isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; it comfortable in bed...? But he's pretty&nbsp; noisy... only slightly better than me..."&nbsp; When the three girls came out of the&nbsp; bathroom, they still had that empty look&nbsp;&nbsp; in their eyes and that despair in their hearts. He looked utterly disappointed with the world.&nbsp; An hour later, Xiao Qiang left Hongda&nbsp; Hotel, completely forgetting about the&nbsp;&nbsp; landlady who was waiting for him in the room. Back at the Fuxing Hotel, Xiao Qiang struck&nbsp;&nbsp; up a conversation with the receptionist, who was&nbsp; quite happy to chat with this handsome young man.&nbsp; After some preamble, Xiao Qiang finally got&nbsp; to the point, "Hey girl, isn't there a warlord&nbsp;&nbsp; named Ang Kemin around here in Mian Dian?" The girl nodded. "Yes, Onkomin is the&nbsp;&nbsp; second largest warlord in Pamir, with an&nbsp; army of 10,000 men under his command."&nbsp; It is said that he was extremely lecherous,&nbsp; a man who couldn't live without women.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's suspicions were confirmed once again.&nbsp; This Ang Kemin was indeed a warlord, but he hadn't&nbsp;&nbsp; expected him to have an army of 10,000 men. Having received the answer, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately stopped flirting with the&nbsp; receptionist, which greatly annoyed her.&nbsp; I was all prepared to have a deep conversation&nbsp; with him, but he just left without saying goodbye.&nbsp; Meanwhile, Xiao Qiang rushed back&nbsp; to the hotel room, woke everyone up,&nbsp;&nbsp; and prepared to carry out the rescue mission. Su Xinluo had been in Ang Kemin's hands for a day,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he dared not predict what&nbsp; Su Xinluo would go through. Chapter 100 Rescue Operation The Kokang Red Turban Army, commanded by&nbsp;&nbsp; Ang Kemin, was stationed at Nantianmen Mountain,&nbsp; 15 kilometers southwest of Kokang Old Street.&nbsp; The terrain here is high and easy to defend,&nbsp; possessing a natural defensive barrier.&nbsp; Under the cover of night, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang and his group of thirteen&nbsp;&nbsp; slowly descended from the hotel window. He and Su Rui each drove a pickup truck,&nbsp;&nbsp; heading towards Nantianmen&nbsp; Mountain under the cover of night.&nbsp; We finally arrived at the outer perimeter&nbsp; of Nantianmen Mountain at 3 a.m.&nbsp; Led by Su Rui, the group stealthily made their way&nbsp; towards the garrison camp at Nantianmen Mountain.&nbsp; Su Rui, as expected of a top-tier soldier in&nbsp; China, moved swiftly through the dark jungle,&nbsp;&nbsp; while Yue Fei and his men traversed&nbsp; the jungle as if it were flat ground,&nbsp;&nbsp; completely unaffected by&nbsp; the surrounding obstacles.&nbsp; On the contrary, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; became the biggest burden.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, this won't do. I'll have Yang&nbsp; Zaixing give you some extra help another day."&nbsp; "A few days of solo practice&nbsp; will definitely be enough!"&nbsp; Yang Zaixing, a young man in his early&nbsp; twenties, joined in the commotion, "Xiaoqiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; why don't you call me master now?" "You son of a bitch... get lost...&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll show you my true strength..." After saying that, Xiao Qiang seemed&nbsp;&nbsp; to transform into a different person, and&nbsp; began to run quickly through the jungle.&nbsp; With this scene, the nighttime jungle&nbsp; trek wasn't so boring after all.&nbsp; As everyone ran quickly through the jungle, Suri&nbsp; suddenly stopped and made a gesture to halt.&nbsp; "Brother Rui, what's wrong?" "We should be at the campsite&nbsp;&nbsp; soon. Look, there are several thermal&nbsp; images of people about 50 meters ahead."&nbsp; Sure enough, in the night vision goggles,&nbsp; several figures could be seen moving back&nbsp;&nbsp; and forth about 50 meters ahead. Looking at the 15 sentries hidden&nbsp;&nbsp; in the trees or in the grass, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang suddenly thought of a plan.&nbsp; "Get close to them, take out these&nbsp; sentries, change into their clothes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then continue towards the camp." Everyone nodded in agreement with this approach.&nbsp; One minute later, 11 men dressed in Red Turban&nbsp; Army uniforms crept up to 50 meters in front&nbsp;&nbsp; of the camp under the cover of darkness. A towering mountain peak stood before them,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Oncomin's headquarters were&nbsp; embedded directly inside the mountain.&nbsp; This left everyone deeply moved. "Mr. Xiao, according to my observation,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are a total of 32 sentries, both visible&nbsp; and hidden, at the entrance of the camp, and all&nbsp;&nbsp; of them are armed with AK assault rifles." Furthermore, there is at least a 200-meter&nbsp;&nbsp; distance between the camp gate and&nbsp; the Angkormin headquarters building.&nbsp; Within this 200-meter range, two patrol&nbsp; teams, each consisting of 20 armed men,&nbsp;&nbsp; were conducting cross-patrols. It's safe to say that the possibility&nbsp;&nbsp; of entering Oncombe's headquarters building&nbsp; without alerting these people is virtually zero.&nbsp; "Brother Rui, launch the drones&nbsp;&nbsp; into the Encore headquarters building and see&nbsp; if you can find Encore himself and Xinluo."&nbsp; Su Rui took out a drone the size of a fly from&nbsp; his personal weapon storage box. With a few&nbsp;&nbsp; quick maneuvers, the drone disappeared into&nbsp; the boundless darkness and flew towards the&nbsp;&nbsp; main peak of Nantianmen Mountain. Soon, the scene inside the camp&nbsp;&nbsp; appeared on the display screen here. The office building embedded in Nantianmen&nbsp;&nbsp; Mountain has a total height of 5 floors, but the&nbsp; height of the first floor alone reaches 15 meters,&nbsp;&nbsp; and there are 50 tanks that look like they are&nbsp; from a long time ago neatly arranged inside.&nbsp; There was even a helicopter, which&nbsp; was presumably Encore's private plane.&nbsp; Floors 1-3 served as living and office spaces&nbsp; for some officers within the Red Turban Army.&nbsp; The footage transmitted by the drone shows&nbsp; that the fourth floor of the office building&nbsp;&nbsp; is quite complex, with a group of 20 mercenaries&nbsp; moving about in the corridors. Their weapons and&nbsp;&nbsp; equipment are clearly unusual, and&nbsp; their faces are also quite diverse.&nbsp; The elevator from the 4th floor to the 5th floor&nbsp; is a separate one; that is, the regular elevator&nbsp;&nbsp; can only go up to the 4th floor at most. Furthermore, the elevator entrance leading&nbsp;&nbsp; from the 4th to the 5th floor is guarded&nbsp; by five mercenaries. To enter the elevator&nbsp;&nbsp; on the 5th floor, one must swipe a special&nbsp; card; otherwise, the elevator will not start.&nbsp; With such security measures, it would&nbsp; be a pipe dream to try and enter the&nbsp;&nbsp; 5th floor quietly and unnoticed. At 3 a.m., the office building of&nbsp;&nbsp; Oncomin was still lit up, as if&nbsp; people were busy with something.&nbsp; This allowed the drone to&nbsp; successfully enter the 5th floor.&nbsp; When they saw the scene on the 5th floor,&nbsp; everyone couldn't help but gasp in amazement.&nbsp; "That son of a bitch Encore&nbsp; is living like a human being!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was the first to let out a sigh. However, Yue Fei and his entourage turned&nbsp;&nbsp; their heads away in unison upon seeing&nbsp; the scene inside. "To commit such shameful&nbsp;&nbsp; acts in public is utterly immoral..." Inside a room of about 300 square meters,&nbsp;&nbsp; a modern version of a decadent&nbsp; and debauched scene was unfolding!&nbsp; At that moment, the monitor picked&nbsp; up the sound of three men chatting.&nbsp; "General Ang, what do you think of this&nbsp; model from the Monkey Kingdom? I sent it&nbsp;&nbsp; to you as soon as I got it!" One of the men was groveling&nbsp;&nbsp; and asking a man with an extremely sleazy&nbsp; appearance, who was probably Onkmin himself.&nbsp; "Excellent service, haha... Leica, you&nbsp; truly are my most loyal brother..."&nbsp; At this moment, Onkomin spoke again, "Leica,&nbsp; Zabubi, I just spent a lot of money to buy three&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely beautiful women yesterday. After I've&nbsp; had my fill of them, I'll reward them to you."&nbsp; "Who told you two to be my right-hand&nbsp; men, Oncombe's right-hand men!"&nbsp; "Thank you, General Ang..." "I kneel to thank General Ang..."&nbsp; "You two, go and bring that Japanese woman&nbsp; up first... let me taste them one by one..."&nbsp; As soon as they finished speaking,&nbsp; the two women went into another room&nbsp;&nbsp; and brought out a stunningly beautiful&nbsp; Japanese woman, probably in her thirties.&nbsp; Soon, another live sex show was staged. Xiao Qiang had no time to appreciate it; they&nbsp;&nbsp; had to rescue Su Xinluo immediately, or Su Xinluo&nbsp; herself might be the next one to be brought up.&nbsp; "Brother Yue, you and your ten brothers, stay&nbsp; put. When you hear my call, immediately open fire&nbsp;&nbsp; on the guards at the camp gate to create chaos.&nbsp; Remember, your attack is mainly a feint. If the&nbsp;&nbsp; enemy mobilizes a large force and you are unable&nbsp; to resist, retreat immediately. Understand?"&nbsp; Yue Fei nodded. “Brother Rui, you and&nbsp;&nbsp; I will quickly detour to the top of Tianmen&nbsp; Mountain, rappel down to Ang Kemin’s office,&nbsp;&nbsp; use high-dose TNT to shatter his protective&nbsp; glass, and then take control of Ang Kemin.”&nbsp; Su Rui greatly admired Xiao Qiang's arrangement;&nbsp; if it were her, she would most likely have&nbsp;&nbsp; made the same arrangement. The crowd quickly dispersed.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Su Rui went all out and quickly&nbsp; climbed the mountain from the side of Nantianmen.&nbsp; All the way, Xiao Qiang prayed for Ang&nbsp; Kemin, "Please, don't be a premature&nbsp;&nbsp; shooter, you old bastard..." Time is of the essence now;&nbsp;&nbsp; we must race against the clock,&nbsp; or Su Xinluo risks being defiled. Chapter 101 Su Xinluo, who was drugged Fortunately, Ang Kemin probably thought&nbsp;&nbsp; that the flank peaks of Nantianmen Mountain&nbsp; were too steep for anyone to enter the base&nbsp;&nbsp; from the flank, so he did not set up fire&nbsp; protection points on the flank peaks.&nbsp; But even the steepest mountain peaks could&nbsp; not stop Su Rui, the king of soldiers,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Xiao Qiang, who had the advantage&nbsp; of external assistance, from advancing.&nbsp; The two of them climbed and traversed the steep&nbsp; mountain cliffs as quickly as wild raccoons.&nbsp; It only took the two of them 10 minutes&nbsp; to reach the top of the mountain.&nbsp; After securing the ropes, the two&nbsp; descended slowly under the cover&nbsp;&nbsp; of night and accurately located Angmin's office.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang saw through the glass window that&nbsp; the Japanese woman was still trying her best&nbsp;&nbsp; to please Ang Kemin, and his heart, which had&nbsp; been hanging in suspense, finally settled down.&nbsp; With a glance from Xiao Qiang, Su Rui attached&nbsp; two high-dose TNT explosive devices to the large&nbsp;&nbsp; floor-to-ceiling windows in Ang Kemin's office. The two then climbed up 10 meters.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang issued the attack command&nbsp; to Yue Fei through the earpiece.&nbsp; In an instant, gunfire erupted around&nbsp; the camp, and all the sentries,&nbsp;&nbsp; both visible and hidden, that Angkomin&nbsp; had deployed were killed immediately.&nbsp; The sudden gunfire and explosions penetrated&nbsp; the thick bulletproof glass and reached the&nbsp;&nbsp; Angkomin palace. "Leica, Zabubi,&nbsp; go check what's happening..."&nbsp; The two quickly got up and went to the&nbsp; floor-to-ceiling glass. The camp had&nbsp;&nbsp; become a sea of fire. After Yue Fei and his&nbsp; men took care of the sentries, they opened&nbsp;&nbsp; fire on the two patrol teams of 20 men each. The patrol team of 40 men had just found cover and&nbsp;&nbsp; were preparing to fire when several high-explosive&nbsp; grenades fell from behind their cover.&nbsp; In an instant, these 40 people were&nbsp; completely rendered incapable of fighting.&nbsp; Yue Fei then led his ten generals to occupy&nbsp; the high point of the watchtower and began&nbsp;&nbsp; firing at the reinforcements… The scene was horrific.&nbsp; The 10,000 men of Angkomin were already&nbsp; lacking in necessary military training,&nbsp;&nbsp; and when they were suddenly attacked, the&nbsp; attackers were Song Dynasty special forces&nbsp;&nbsp; soldiers equipped with modern military equipment. The two-pronged firepower network kept the&nbsp;&nbsp; reinforcement troops rushing from the&nbsp; camp from even lifting their heads.&nbsp; Just as Leka and Zabubi were about to turn around&nbsp; and report to Onkomin, two huge explosions rang&nbsp;&nbsp; out. The two were sent flying backward by&nbsp; the massive blasts and died on the spot.&nbsp; The massive explosion completely paralyzed&nbsp; Ang Kemin. His soldier's instincts kicked in,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he shoved aside the Japanese woman who was&nbsp; serving him, then tried to flee to his safe house.&nbsp; Meanwhile, the women around him&nbsp; frantically searched for places to hide.&nbsp; "General Oncomin, if you run again, I'm not sure&nbsp; if a bullet will take down your second brother..."&nbsp; Suddenly a sound came from behind,&nbsp; startling Angkomin so much that&nbsp;&nbsp; he squatted down on the ground. "Who...who are you? Who sent you?"&nbsp; Encore feigned composure, but&nbsp; inside he was already panicking.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Su Rui had already&nbsp; untied their ropes and were walking&nbsp;&nbsp; slowly toward Ang Kemin on the ground. Su Rui immediately pressed the gun against&nbsp;&nbsp; Ang Kemin's forehead, while Xiao Qiang picked&nbsp; up his gun and walked towards another room where&nbsp;&nbsp; the three women were being held. As soon as he opened the door,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang saw a scene that almost made&nbsp; his jaw drop. Inside the room, Su Xinluo&nbsp;&nbsp; and another woman had large areas of their skin&nbsp; exposed, and they were making obscene noises.&nbsp; “Su Xinluo…” Xiao Qiang shouted loudly.&nbsp; Su Xinluo's attention was also drawn by&nbsp; the loud shouts, "Xiao...Xiao Qiang..."&nbsp; Su Xinlu got up from the other woman, stumbled&nbsp; over to Xiao Qiang, and hugged him tightly.&nbsp; "Xiao...Xiao Qiang, give&nbsp; it to me, I feel so bad..."&nbsp; If Xiao Qiang still didn't know what was&nbsp; happening at this point, then he was an idiot.&nbsp; The two people in front of him had clearly been&nbsp; drugged. Even a soldier king with a strong mind&nbsp;&nbsp; like Su Xinluo could not resist the&nbsp; most primal instincts of his body.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stormed up to Ang Kemin&nbsp; and punched him squarely in the belly,&nbsp;&nbsp; yelling, "Where's the antidote...?" "There...there is no antidote..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang glared at Ang Kemin a few&nbsp; more times before returning to the room.&nbsp; "Xiao...Qiang, you want...you&nbsp; want me...it hurts so much..."&nbsp; Su Xinlu kept rubbing against Xiao Qiang, as&nbsp; if that would make her feel a little better.&nbsp; During this process, Su Xinluo even threw&nbsp; away the only clothes she was wearing.&nbsp; At this moment, Xiao Qiang had no time to&nbsp; appreciate it. Of course, he also had impulses,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he did not want to possess Su Xinluo in&nbsp; this environment and under these circumstances.&nbsp; "I'm sorry, Xinluo..." Just as Su Xinluo was&nbsp;&nbsp; comforting Xiao Qiang, thinking he was about to&nbsp; take her, Xiao Qiang suddenly chopped Su Xinluo&nbsp;&nbsp; in the neck with a chop. Su Xinluo immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; collapsed into Xiao Qiang's arms. Xiao Qiang picked her up and placed her&nbsp;&nbsp; on the bed in the room. Then he started rummaging&nbsp; through the room looking for things. On the way,&nbsp;&nbsp; when another woman lunged at Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; he knocked her unconscious in the same way.&nbsp; Finally, Xiao Qiang found a lot of disposable&nbsp; syringes in the room's drawer. He immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; took out a needle and returned to&nbsp; the bedside to straighten Su Xinluo.&nbsp; At this moment, he had no time to&nbsp; appreciate even the most beautiful scenery.&nbsp; points on Su Xinlu's limbs, chest, abdomen, etc. Then they began to massage various parts of her&nbsp;&nbsp; body. As the massage continued,&nbsp; after the initial bleeding, clear&nbsp;&nbsp; liquid began to flow from the punctured areas. Xiao Qiang finally stopped after 15 minutes.&nbsp; As she was about to do the same to this&nbsp; other unconscious woman, he was stunned&nbsp;&nbsp; when he saw her face. "Isn't that Miss Dora,&nbsp;&nbsp; the movie star from South Korea...?" Dora may not be a very famous star, but&nbsp;&nbsp; she is definitely an extremely beautiful woman. Every smile and frown of hers attracts attention,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially her enviable 36E figure. Despite his astonishment, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly used the method of pushing the&nbsp; uterus and circulating acupoints to remove&nbsp;&nbsp; the effects of the medicine from her body. While the two were still asleep, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; went to the luxurious room where Ang Kemin was. "Order your men to lay down their weapons."&nbsp; Otherwise, I wouldn't mind letting you test the&nbsp; sharpness of this military dagger in my hand.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang brandished the gleaming military dagger&nbsp; in front of Ang Kemin, and coldly gave the order.&nbsp; Ang Kemin is indeed a soldier, but years of&nbsp; extravagant and dissolute living have robbed&nbsp;&nbsp; him of the courage and pride of a soldier. Faced with a choice between life and death,&nbsp;&nbsp; Oncomin surrendered without hesitation. He then picked up the microphone from&nbsp;&nbsp; the base's loudspeaker on his desk. “Young men of the Red Turban Army, I am&nbsp;&nbsp; your Commander-in-Chief, Ang Kemin. Now I order&nbsp; you to lay down your weapons and wait in place.”&nbsp; "And that mercenary squad on the 4th&nbsp; floor, send them to the 5th floor and&nbsp;&nbsp; disarm them on the spot." Oncomin was taken aback;&nbsp;&nbsp; he never expected that the other party would&nbsp; know about the existence of this mercenary squad.&nbsp; The reason he readily ordered the Red Turban Army&nbsp; to disarm on the spot was to divert Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; and his companion's attention, so that he could&nbsp; turn the tide with the 20-man mercenary squad. Chapter 102 Unexpected Situation Encore is now in a terrible dilemma; giving&nbsp;&nbsp; up means losing all chance to turn the tide. If you try to resist, you risk losing your life!&nbsp; After some thought, Oncommin&nbsp; completely abandoned his little scheme.&nbsp; Being alive is more important than anything else. Under Oncomin's orders, a 20-man Western mercenary&nbsp;&nbsp; squad arrived and completely disarmed Xiao&nbsp; Qiang and his companion in front of them.&nbsp; After receiving orders from Onkmin,&nbsp; the camp's combat commander led Yue&nbsp;&nbsp; Fei and his eleven men to Onkmin's room. Looking at the superior equipment of these people,&nbsp;&nbsp; they were no less impressive&nbsp; than his own mercenary squad,&nbsp;&nbsp; which he had built at great expense. Encore is completely heartbroken!&nbsp; "Sir, have I offended you in some way? Or are&nbsp; you also acting on someone else's orders?"&nbsp; If you're doing something for someone else, and&nbsp; they pay you whatever amount they ask, I can&nbsp;&nbsp; give you five times, no, ten times the money…” Angkomin was very puzzled. These people were&nbsp;&nbsp; clearly not from other warlords in the&nbsp; Kokang region, so he guessed that they&nbsp;&nbsp; might be reinforcements brought in from&nbsp; outside by one of the other two warlords.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang snorted coldly, "Do you know that&nbsp; among the three people you arrested last night,&nbsp;&nbsp; one of them is Chinese?" Ang Kemin's heart skipped a&nbsp;&nbsp; beat. "You are Chinese soldiers?" Xiao Qiang smiled dismissively,&nbsp;&nbsp; "With your meager strength, do you even&nbsp; warrant the Chinese military's intervention?"&nbsp; "Alright, you don't need to guess&nbsp; anymore. You just need to know that&nbsp;&nbsp; you arrested the wrong person." Ang Kemin nodded nervously.&nbsp; "My lord, I was blind to your&nbsp; greatness! I was blind, I was blind..."&nbsp; Ang Kemin cursed himself and&nbsp; slapped himself in the face.&nbsp; "Angkormin, you have committed numerous&nbsp; evils and harmed others' lives. Will you&nbsp;&nbsp; take your own life or should we help you?" Xiao Qiang’s words, spoken softly, sounded&nbsp;&nbsp; like the chanting of a demon to Ang Kemin. Terrified, Ang Kemin instantly collapsed&nbsp;&nbsp; to the ground, pleading, "My&nbsp; lord, spare me! I have money,&nbsp;&nbsp; lots and lots of money! Just don't kill me,&nbsp; I'll give all this money to you, my lord..."&nbsp; Then a fishy, foul smell wafted out. Xiao Qiang frowned slightly. "Ang Kemin,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're supposed to be the second-largest warlord&nbsp; in Kokang, and you're scared out of your wits?"&nbsp; Seeing Ang Kemin slumped on the&nbsp; ground, tears streaming down&nbsp;&nbsp; his face, Xiao Qiang was speechless. Xiao Qiang only wanted to scare him,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he never expected that the old man was&nbsp; such a complete coward. This made Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; very suspicious of how he could become the second&nbsp; largest warlord in Kokang with such a character.&nbsp; Just then, a faint shout came&nbsp; from the corridor, "Xiao Qiang..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was taken aback. After&nbsp; recognizing Su Xinluo's voice,&nbsp;&nbsp; he immediately arranged for Su Rui, Yue Fei,&nbsp; and others to guard the people at the scene.&nbsp; He then dashed off to the next room. "Xinluo, are you feeling better?"&nbsp; Although Su Xinluo was now clear-headed, she&nbsp; still vividly remembered what had just happened.&nbsp; Thinking about how she had just clung to Xiao&nbsp; Qiang like an octopus, Su Xinluo's pretty face&nbsp;&nbsp; flushed red again. "Much better,&nbsp;&nbsp; but my body still feels a little weak." Xiao Qiang, Ang Kemin cannot be killed.&nbsp; Although Xiao Qiang had no intention of&nbsp; killing Ang Kemin, he still asked curiously&nbsp;&nbsp; after hearing Su Xinluo's words, "Why?" "You came to rescue me, so you must know&nbsp;&nbsp; why I came here." "The aircraft engineer who was turned is&nbsp; currently stationed at the ally base of&nbsp;&nbsp; Yuan Keming, the first warlord of Kokang." If we want to bring those documents and this&nbsp;&nbsp; traitor back to China, we'll inevitably need&nbsp; to rely on Angkomin and his Red Turban Army.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang suddenly realized,&nbsp; "So that's how it is..."&nbsp; "Why would the Allied forces shelter that&nbsp; Chinese traitor? Could it be the US...?"&nbsp; Su Xinlu nodded. "That's right, this&nbsp; Yuan Keming is close to the US and can&nbsp;&nbsp; be considered their overseas henchman!" Xiao Qiang's face darkened. The influence&nbsp;&nbsp; of the United States is truly pervasive; they&nbsp; even have their eyes on tiny cotton fields.&nbsp; "Since they are henchmen of the United States,&nbsp; let's just take them out while we're at it!"&nbsp; Xinluo, I know what to do. You rest a&nbsp; little longer, I'll go arrange some things.&nbsp; At this moment, Xiao Qiang's words&nbsp; were full of tenderness and concern,&nbsp;&nbsp; which moved Su Xinluo deeply. Thinking back&nbsp; to their long talk on the plane earlier,&nbsp;&nbsp; a strange feeling welled up in her heart. She was startled by her own feeling,&nbsp;&nbsp; and her cheeks flushed red. After returning to Oncombe's room.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang adopted an even more somber&nbsp; attitude than before and slowly walked towards&nbsp;&nbsp; Ang Kemin, which made the already extremely&nbsp; nervous Ang Kemin even more timid and cautious.&nbsp; "My...my lord, spare my life! I'll agree to&nbsp; anything you ask for, just to save my life..."&nbsp; Ang Kemin knelt on the ground, crying&nbsp; and begging Xiao Qiang to let her go.&nbsp; Just as Xiao Qiang was about to&nbsp; say something, a fierce gunfight&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly broke out again in the camp below,&nbsp; interspersed with ... violent explosions.&nbsp; Su Rui immediately went to the floor-to-ceiling&nbsp; glass window, holding a night vision&nbsp;&nbsp; telescope and looking into the distance. "There is an invasion by foreign enemies...&nbsp;&nbsp; at least 20,000 people..." Su Rui reported what she had&nbsp;&nbsp; seen to Xiao Qiang with a solemn expression. Just then, the phone on Ang Kemin's desk rang&nbsp;&nbsp; urgently. Ang Kemin was startled&nbsp; and first looked at Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Speechless, Xiao Qiang shouted, "Answer&nbsp; the phone immediately and find out what's&nbsp;&nbsp; going on down there!" Ang Kemin then picked&nbsp;&nbsp; up the phone shakily, "Hello..." "General Ang, the allied forces are&nbsp;&nbsp; attacking... Our casualties are heavy..." Upon hearing this, Oncomin slumped into&nbsp;&nbsp; the chair behind his desk. For Oncomin at this moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; it was truly a case of misfortunes never&nbsp; coming singly. He had just been ambushed&nbsp;&nbsp; by these well-equipped thirteen men, and now his&nbsp; mortal enemy, the Allied Forces, had attacked.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's face was gloomy; he&nbsp; really knew how to pick his timing.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang wondered if it was because his surprise&nbsp; attack crippled the Red Turban Army's defense and&nbsp;&nbsp; early warning system that the Allied Army had the&nbsp; opportunity to take advantage of the situation!&nbsp; "Oncomin, I'll give you a&nbsp; chance to live. Do you want it?"&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Oncomin nodded his&nbsp; head vigorously, like a rattle-drum.&nbsp; "First, order these 20 mercenaries to&nbsp; go down and assist in the defense."&nbsp; Second, have your Red Turban Army fight&nbsp; with all its might. Otherwise, once the&nbsp;&nbsp; Allied Army attacks, you know the consequences:&nbsp; you will die. Yuan Keming will not let you go.&nbsp; Third, deploy your tank squad; this is&nbsp; the time to unleash your full resources.&nbsp; After Xiao Qiang finished speaking, Ang Kemin&nbsp; did not hesitate and immediately ordered the&nbsp;&nbsp; mercenaries and the Red Turban Army generals in&nbsp; the camp to obey Xiao Qiang and others' commands.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded to Su Rui. Su Rui was a&nbsp; veteran of many battles and was more suitable&nbsp;&nbsp; to be the current commander-in-chief. Su Rui didn't hold back and immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; displayed the aura of a top soldier. "Mercenary squad, go and occupy high&nbsp;&nbsp; ground such as watchtowers, and then&nbsp; kill the allied forces in the distance."&nbsp; As soon as Su Rui gave the&nbsp; order, the mercenary squad was&nbsp;&nbsp; the first to leave and head to the battlefield. Then he picked up the phone on his desk and issued&nbsp;&nbsp; several instructions to the frontline commander. With Ang Kemin's instructions, the frontline&nbsp;&nbsp; personnel carried out Su Rui's&nbsp; orders to the fullest extent.&nbsp; "General Ang, have your men turn on all ten&nbsp; searchlights on the summit of Tianmen Mountain."&nbsp; Without hesitation, Ang Kemin&nbsp; immediately carried out the order,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the forest at the foot of Nantianmen&nbsp; Mountain was instantly as bright as day.&nbsp; The allied forces hidden among&nbsp; them were immediately exposed.&nbsp; "Brother Yue, assemble the&nbsp; sniper rifles and use this high&nbsp;&nbsp; vantage point to engage the enemy personnel." Yue Fei and the others didn't hesitate either;&nbsp;&nbsp; they immediately took out their backpacks from&nbsp; behind and began assembling sniper rifles.&nbsp; With the mercenaries providing close-range&nbsp; firepower suppression, and Yue Fei and others&nbsp;&nbsp; delivering strikes at medium to long range,&nbsp; the situation became much more favorable.&nbsp; This actually slowed down the Allied&nbsp; forces' sharp offensive momentum. Chapter 103 Crisis Resurfaces Meanwhile, behind the Allied forces&nbsp;&nbsp; responsible for the attack, inside a specially&nbsp; made, bulletproof, extended military jeep.&nbsp; Allied Forces Commander Yuan Keming was&nbsp; hysterically shouting at the frontline&nbsp;&nbsp; commander-in-chief Lu Daxun over the phone. "What's the situation at the front? Didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; they say that the Red Turban Army's&nbsp; defensive positions have been destroyed&nbsp;&nbsp; by an unfamiliar special forces team?" Why, after twenty minutes, are we still&nbsp;&nbsp; unable to enter the Red Turban Army camp&nbsp; despite having twice the troop strength?&nbsp; What are you all good for? Yuan Keming's confidant, who was in charge of&nbsp;&nbsp; the front-line attack, also looked aggrieved. The&nbsp; attack had been going smoothly for the first 15&nbsp;&nbsp; minutes, but suddenly a new force with extremely&nbsp; strong combat power appeared on the other side.&nbsp; Not only did they get headshots&nbsp; every time, but they also couldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; pinpoint the location of these snipers. The soldiers who attacked the camp were&nbsp;&nbsp; stopped by the enemy's Gatling guns and Gatling&nbsp; Vulcan cannons, two extremely powerful weapons.&nbsp; "Commander Yuan, the enemy has a large number&nbsp; of snipers who are conducting precision strikes&nbsp;&nbsp; against our soldiers from a distance. Moreover,&nbsp; the enemy is equipped with Gatling guns,&nbsp;&nbsp; Vulcan cannons, and tanks for support.&nbsp; Once our soldiers enter the firing range,&nbsp;&nbsp; they will be riddled with bullets." The soldiers are too afraid to advance!&nbsp; Yuan Keming's face was contorted with rage. He had&nbsp; long wanted to annex Ang Kemin's Red Turban Army,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the enemy relied on the high terrain&nbsp; of Nantianmen Mountain and had built a&nbsp;&nbsp; very strong outer defense system. Today, taking advantage of the&nbsp;&nbsp; opportunity presented by the external forces&nbsp; crippling the Red Turban Army's defense system,&nbsp;&nbsp; I originally thought I could take down the&nbsp; Red Turban Army without lifting a finger.&nbsp; But to my surprise, it was still this difficult. "Lu Daxun, tell the front line to hold on."&nbsp; The engineer battalion can&nbsp; quickly open a safe passage.&nbsp; I'll send out a tank company right away! "Yes, Commander Yuan, I will definitely hold on."&nbsp; Upon hearing that Yuan Keming was going to send&nbsp; out the Allied Forces' trump card tank company, Lu&nbsp;&nbsp; Daxun's worried expression instantly disappeared. The Allied tank company was formed with the&nbsp;&nbsp; support of the United States. It consisted&nbsp; of the most advanced main battle tanks&nbsp;&nbsp; secretly procured from the West. Although&nbsp; there were only 20 tanks, their combat&nbsp;&nbsp; capabilities were unmatched by other warlords. Despite having 50 tanks, the Encore is entirely&nbsp;&nbsp; composed of World War II tanks that were&nbsp; purchased at high prices on the black market.&nbsp; Because they are non-governmental&nbsp; armed groups within Pamir, countries&nbsp;&nbsp; are unwilling to do business with them in&nbsp; order to avoid international criticism.&nbsp; Ten minutes later, 20 tanks of the Allied forces&nbsp; roared and began to move through the mountains&nbsp;&nbsp; and forests. From their elevated vantage point,&nbsp; Su Rui and his group spotted the&nbsp;&nbsp; enemy's tank formation immediately. "Don't worry, they only have 20 tanks,&nbsp;&nbsp; while my Red Turban Army has 50. The&nbsp; Allied Forces are no match for us..."&nbsp; Seeing that the situation on the front lines&nbsp; had turned around, Encore became arrogant and&nbsp;&nbsp; conceited, with a contemptuous expression. "The enemy's 20 tanks are fourth-generation&nbsp;&nbsp; heavy armored main battle tanks from&nbsp; the Western world, with armor thickness&nbsp;&nbsp; reaching 300 millimeters. Your outdated tanks&nbsp; would be like tickling them if they hit them."&nbsp; Suri bluntly exposed Oncom's&nbsp; embarrassing situation.&nbsp; Ang Kemin gave an awkward smile, but he was also&nbsp; extremely shocked. "How did that bastard Yuan&nbsp;&nbsp; Keming get this batch of main battle tanks!" "What can we do? The enemy's tanks will reach&nbsp;&nbsp; the foot of Nantianmen Mountain&nbsp; in no more than 10 minutes."&nbsp; Onkomin looked panicked. Without the delaying&nbsp; effect of the anti-tank minefield, if the enemy's&nbsp;&nbsp; main battle tanks were to breach our camp,&nbsp; our side would be completely defenseless.&nbsp; This is also the question that Su Rui&nbsp; and Xiao Qiang are currently pondering.&nbsp; Once the enemy's main battle tanks get&nbsp; in, it will be a one-sided massacre.&nbsp; Just as everyone was getting&nbsp; anxious, a leisurely voice rang out.&nbsp; "No matter how thick the tank's armor is,&nbsp; its tracks can't withstand the bombardment&nbsp;&nbsp; of artillery shells!" "Xinluo..."&nbsp; The one speaking was Su Xinluo. After resting, she has recovered&nbsp;&nbsp; almost completely, and the embarrassing&nbsp; feeling inside her body has also faded away.&nbsp; She quickly got dressed and went to find&nbsp; Xiao Qiang. As soon as she entered the room,&nbsp;&nbsp; she heard everyone's conversation.&nbsp; Are you alright? Su Xinlu nodded.&nbsp; "You mean specifically target&nbsp; the enemy tank tracks?"&nbsp; "That's right. Since the tank passage was&nbsp; temporarily opened up by the enemy's engineers,&nbsp;&nbsp; it probably won't be very wide, and&nbsp; the surrounding area is full of dense&nbsp;&nbsp; forests covered with anti-tank mines." If we disable the first few enemy tanks,&nbsp;&nbsp; the tanks behind them will be unable to pass. There's nothing they can&nbsp;&nbsp; do about being anxious..." Su Xinlu had just finished speaking.&nbsp; Su Rui and Xiao Qiang's eyes lit up immediately. "Oncomin, do you have any RPG rocket&nbsp;&nbsp; launchers in your barracks?" Su Rui immediately asked.&nbsp; Yes...yes... "Get them ready,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to blow up their tracks..." After saying that, Su Rui was about to leave.&nbsp; "Wait, I'll go with you." At this moment, Su Xinluo also stepped forward.&nbsp; "Xinluo, are you going too?" Xiao Qiang exclaimed in surprise.&nbsp; "What? You look down on me? I'm a&nbsp; soldier first, and a woman second..."&nbsp; As she spoke, Su Xinluo didn't&nbsp; forget to give Xiao Qiang a look&nbsp;&nbsp; that was both domineering and charming. Xiao Qiang was momentarily lost in thought,&nbsp;&nbsp; and couldn't help but recall the&nbsp; scene of rescuing Su Xinluo earlier.&nbsp; Su Rui and Su Xinluo quickly arrived at&nbsp; the Red Turban Army's camp and each took&nbsp;&nbsp; two RPG rocket launchers. They also ordered&nbsp; two Red Turban Army soldiers to carry two&nbsp;&nbsp; rocket launchers each and follow them. After seeing the two set off, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; instructed Ang Kemin to turn off all the large&nbsp; searchlights on the top of Nantianmen Mountain to&nbsp;&nbsp; facilitate Su Rui and the other's shallow journey. The two were wearing night vision goggles,&nbsp;&nbsp; so their movements in the&nbsp; dark were not affected at all.&nbsp; As the entire battlefield was plunged into&nbsp; darkness, the sounds of gunfire and artillery&nbsp;&nbsp; diminished considerably, which also eased&nbsp; the pressure on the Allied soldiers who were&nbsp;&nbsp; being relentlessly attacked. Under the cover of night,&nbsp;&nbsp; they began to advance towards the Red&nbsp; Turban Army's front lines in the dark.&nbsp; In the dense forest, several figures&nbsp; moved swiftly, their speed no slower&nbsp;&nbsp; than that of the advancing Allied tank&nbsp; battalion. Occasionally, Allied soldiers&nbsp;&nbsp; encountered by Su Rui and his companions would&nbsp; be swiftly killed by the two with melee weapons.&nbsp; Five minutes later, Su Rui and the others&nbsp; stopped by the makeshift tank passage,&nbsp;&nbsp; not even bothering to catch their breath. He immediately took out the RPG rocket&nbsp;&nbsp; launcher from his back, because the rumbling&nbsp; of the enemy tanks was already very close.&nbsp; At the same time, the searchlights on the top&nbsp; of Nantianmen Mountain were turned on again.&nbsp; The Allied soldiers who rushed to the camp had&nbsp; nowhere to hide and were once again subjected to&nbsp;&nbsp; a dense barrage of fire from the Red Turban Army. "Xinlu, you take the first one, I'll take&nbsp;&nbsp; the second one." "Ready, fire..."&nbsp; When the lead vehicle was still&nbsp; 20 meters away from where Su Rui&nbsp;&nbsp; and his men were lying in ambush, two&nbsp; streaks of flame roared toward the tank.&nbsp; The moment the rocket was launched, the four&nbsp; quickly moved into the nearby dense forest.&nbsp; Soon after, a violent explosion was heard. The second tank swayed back and forth for a&nbsp;&nbsp; while before breaking down, while the first tank&nbsp; seemed unaffected and continued to move forward.&nbsp; It turns out that Su Xinluo's rocket&nbsp; hit the tank's rolling shaft directly,&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of the tracks. At this moment, the place&nbsp;&nbsp; where they had just taken cover was&nbsp; already covered by enemy tank fire.&nbsp; One of the Red Turban Army soldiers who was&nbsp; slower to run was hit by shrapnel from the&nbsp;&nbsp; explosion and died on the spot. Su Rui and the others were also&nbsp;&nbsp; thrown several meters away by the&nbsp; huge shockwave of the explosion. Chapter 104 The Tragic Yuan Keming The three of them took advantage of the shockwave&nbsp;&nbsp; to hide behind a slope and remained motionless. At this moment, the area was illuminated&nbsp;&nbsp; as if it were daytime by the&nbsp; searchlights of the tank formation.&nbsp; Except for the lead vehicle which continued&nbsp; to move forward, all other vehicles stopped&nbsp;&nbsp; in place and then fired blindly into the area. Instantly, flames shot out and smoke billowed.&nbsp; Under the cover of the smoke, Su Rui sped toward&nbsp; the direction the lead vehicle was heading,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then, under the cover of darkness, fired&nbsp; another rocket at the tracks of the lead vehicle.&nbsp; Just in case, immediately after&nbsp; firing one RPG, he picked up another&nbsp;&nbsp; and decisively pressed the fire button. After two loud "booms," the lead vehicle&nbsp;&nbsp; promptly turned off its engine and stopped. As the thick smoke dissipated, Su Rui looked&nbsp;&nbsp; at the tracks that had been blown into&nbsp; three pieces and felt a surge of joy.&nbsp; Then, they quickly disappeared into the back slope&nbsp; and ran towards the direction where Su Xinluo was.&nbsp; "So, did you take him down?" As soon as Su Rui came over,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Xinluo couldn't wait to ask. "All done!"&nbsp; "yeah…" Su Xinlu acted like a little girl.&nbsp; "Suri, shall we go back now? Or..." As she spoke, Su Xinlu glanced in&nbsp;&nbsp; the direction the tanks were coming from. "You mean we should follow the direction the tanks&nbsp;&nbsp; came from and take out their command post?" Su Xinlu nodded excitedly.&nbsp; Having not carried out this kind of&nbsp; mission in a long time, Su Rui was&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely excited and looking forward to it. Perhaps this is just a soldier's instinct?&nbsp; Under Su Xinluo's&nbsp;&nbsp; questioning gaze, Su Rui picked up an RPG and&nbsp; fired a shot at the rear of the tank group.&nbsp; The shell exploded precisely on the tracks, and&nbsp; the tank at the rear wobbled from side to side&nbsp;&nbsp; along one track before coming to a complete stop. Then the two men, armed with assault rifles&nbsp;&nbsp; and their only RPG rocket launcher, sprinted&nbsp; toward the direction the tank was coming from.&nbsp; The Allied forces, who did not receive tank&nbsp; support, were once again suppressed by the Red&nbsp;&nbsp; Turban Army's firepower from both near and far,&nbsp; and were unable to raise their heads as they lay&nbsp;&nbsp; prone at the bottom of the hillside. Meanwhile, inside the armored jeep,&nbsp;&nbsp; Yuan Keming had just received a call from Lu&nbsp; Daxun, the frontline commander: "Commander Yuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; why hasn't our tank company arrived yet?" "It's only a few kilometers long, you should&nbsp;&nbsp; be able to get there by bicycle, right?" Yuan Keming's face was ashen as he roared&nbsp;&nbsp; at the guards beside him, "Get the&nbsp; tank company back! Ask them why they&nbsp;&nbsp; haven't arrived at the front lines yet..." Just then, the landline phone next to him rang&nbsp;&nbsp; urgently. Yuan Keming picked it up&nbsp; immediately and said, "Hello..."&nbsp; "Commander Yuan, the lead and rear tanks of our&nbsp; tank company have been destroyed by the enemy,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the middle vehicles cannot get around&nbsp; them. We are currently repairing the tracks,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is expected to take half an hour..." Upon hearing this, Yuan Keming became furious,&nbsp;&nbsp; yelling, "Useless..." and then hung up the phone. Picking up Lu Daxun's phone again, she said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Lu Daxun, did you hear that? You won't get&nbsp; artillery support from the tank company for&nbsp;&nbsp; at least half an hour... You..." Just then, a loud "boom" was&nbsp;&nbsp; heard through the microphone. "Commander Yuan... Commander Yuan..."&nbsp; But the microphone connection&nbsp; has been completely lost.&nbsp; Upon hitting the target with a single shot,&nbsp; Su Rui immediately raised his gun and opened&nbsp;&nbsp; fire on the more than twenty guards&nbsp; who were still standing around him.&nbsp; Less than two minutes later, the specially made&nbsp; bulletproof military vehicle was completely empty.&nbsp; Su Rui and her companion went straight&nbsp; to the overturned military vehicle and&nbsp;&nbsp; looked inside through the window. "This must be the enemy commander!&nbsp;&nbsp; Let's get him out of here first." Suri picked up the rifle and fired&nbsp;&nbsp; several shots at the already cracked bulletproof&nbsp; glass. The glass finally gave way and shattered.&nbsp; After a struggle, the two finally&nbsp; managed to pull the man out of the car.&nbsp; "He's still alive! He's got a lot of luck!" After investigating, Su Rui spoke to Su Xinluo.&nbsp; "It's good that he's not dead. Contact Xiao Qiang&nbsp; and have Ang Kemin check if he knows this person."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Su Rui immediately made a&nbsp; video call to Xiao Qiang via satellite phone.&nbsp; "Brother Rui, how's it going over there?" "Mr. Xiao, we have destroyed the enemy's&nbsp;&nbsp; lead and tail vehicles, and their tank squad is&nbsp; now stuck on the road and unable to get out."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang excitedly pumped his fist, "Beautiful!" "President Xiao, this is a commander that Xinluo&nbsp;&nbsp; and I captured. He should be&nbsp; a fairly high-ranking leader."&nbsp; "Let Oncombe take a look; maybe he recognizes it?" Upon hearing this, Ang Kemin stepped forward&nbsp;&nbsp; without waiting for Xiao Qiang's summons. "You...you arrested Yuan Keming???"&nbsp; During his speech, Oncomin displayed&nbsp; an expression of utter shock.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was overjoyed. "Is that Yuan Keming?&nbsp; The Commander-in-Chief of the Allied Forces?"&nbsp; Oncomin nodded frantically. "Ha...ha, Rui Ge, Xin Luo, you heard that,&nbsp;&nbsp; didn't you? You've arrested Yuan Keming,&nbsp; the commander-in-chief of the Allied Army."&nbsp; Now you need to find a way to&nbsp; wake him up and get him to order&nbsp;&nbsp; a complete ceasefire on the Allied front. Then Yuan Keming himself was escorted here.&nbsp; After hanging up the phone, Su Ruixin&nbsp;&nbsp; and Luo were both relieved and terrified. If that shot had killed Yuan Keming,&nbsp; The allied forces are likely to fall&nbsp; apart, with their generals becoming&nbsp;&nbsp; independent and each fighting their own&nbsp; battles. It would be a very difficult task&nbsp;&nbsp; to defeat and subdue them one by one. As long as Yuan Keming is still alive,&nbsp;&nbsp; he will have the power to intimidate his generals&nbsp; and achieve the remarkable effect of "holding the&nbsp;&nbsp; emperor hostage to command the princes". Su Rui, a retired veteran, naturally knows&nbsp;&nbsp; many methods for waking people up. After fiddling around for a while,&nbsp;&nbsp; Yuan Keming slowly woke up. Looking at the two unfamiliar&nbsp;&nbsp; faces in front of him, and the tragic scene of&nbsp; his men being killed or wounded all around him,&nbsp;&nbsp; he instantly understood the situation before him. "Who...who are you? Were you sent by Oncombe?&nbsp;&nbsp; How much did Oncombe pay you? I'll&nbsp; give you double, no...ten times..."&nbsp; Yuan Keming's first thought was to use money&nbsp; to get himself out of his current predicament.&nbsp; Su Rui and his companion chuckled. "Yuan Keming,&nbsp; we really weren't sent by Ang Kemin. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; we can take you to meet this old acquaintance of&nbsp; yours. I think you'll have many similar feelings!"&nbsp; Yuan Keming was completely confused and had no&nbsp; idea what the other person was talking about.&nbsp; "However, the first thing to do&nbsp; right now is to order your allies&nbsp;&nbsp; to cease all offensive operations." Have your tank company commander and&nbsp;&nbsp; frontline commander come here to meet you. If Su Rui wants to minimize the risk of&nbsp;&nbsp; frontline commanders acting independently, the&nbsp; best way is to disarm and escort all frontline&nbsp;&nbsp; commanders back. This is the safest approach. The rest are just a bunch of lowly soldiers,&nbsp;&nbsp; nothing to worry about! Yuan Keming's mind was racing,&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to think of any possible way to escape. He became the top warlord in Kokang by virtue&nbsp;&nbsp; of his wisdom, ruthlessness, and&nbsp; forbearance, and it took him 10 years&nbsp;&nbsp; to gain a foothold in this chaotic place. "You arrested me, of course you have some&nbsp;&nbsp; purpose. Why don't we sit down and&nbsp; talk? Everything is a transaction,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's just a matter of different prices..." "Okay, then have your men stop attacking&nbsp;&nbsp; and retreat two miles back, and let&nbsp; the front-line commander come here."&nbsp; Otherwise, you might not have any chance at all. After saying that, Su Rui picked up his assault&nbsp;&nbsp; rifle, pulled the bolt, and&nbsp; aimed it at Yuan Keming.&nbsp; Yuan Keming felt helpless; the more ruthless&nbsp; a person is, the more they cherish their life.&nbsp; He could only nod in agreement, retrieve&nbsp; the phone from the overturned jeep, and&nbsp;&nbsp; order the frontline commander Lu Daxun and tank&nbsp; company commander Xu Dawei to return immediately. Chapter 105 Persuading Someone to Quit When the two rushed back to their rear base,&nbsp;&nbsp; they were met only by the cold barrels of guns. At this moment, Lu Daxun finally understood why&nbsp;&nbsp; his previous phone call with Yuan Keming had&nbsp; been abruptly cut off after an explosion.&nbsp; Presumably, the Commander-in-Chief&nbsp; had already been attacked by then.&nbsp; Lu Daxun didn't even get out of the&nbsp; car before everyone else got back in,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he became the temporary driver as they&nbsp; headed towards the Red Turban Army's camp.&nbsp; Ten minutes&nbsp;&nbsp; later, in the drafty room of Angkomin! "Oncombe, quickly receive your old acquaintance!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang joked. "Oncombe, you...you were also..."&nbsp; Encore nodded regretfully. There's a strong sense of camaraderie&nbsp;&nbsp; among brothers who've fallen on hard times! Yuan Keming was shocked by what he saw.&nbsp; Before he arrived, he had always believed&nbsp; that Su Rui and the other person were sent by&nbsp;&nbsp; Ang Kemin. He never expected that Ang Kemin&nbsp; had already become a prisoner before him.&nbsp; Before attacking the Red Turban Army, he received&nbsp; a message from a spy stationed within the Red&nbsp;&nbsp; Turban Army, saying that an outside force had&nbsp; attacked Angkemin's base and had completely&nbsp;&nbsp; crippled the Red Turban Army's defense system. He then immediately ordered a night raid on the&nbsp;&nbsp; Red Turban Army, intending to play the&nbsp; role of the mantis stalking the cicada,&nbsp;&nbsp; unaware of the oriole behind. Little did I know that this game&nbsp;&nbsp; would get me into trouble too! He was filled with regret!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang gave Su Xinlu a wink, and&nbsp; the latter immediately understood.&nbsp; "Commander Yuan, is Chen Zaidi&nbsp; still at your Allied Army's base?"&nbsp; Yuan Keming was startled.&nbsp; "So they came for him..."&nbsp; Chen Zaidi is an important figure whom the&nbsp; M country repeatedly instructed to protect.&nbsp;&nbsp; Tomorrow, we will escort him safely to Teddy&nbsp; International Airport, and then take a flight&nbsp;&nbsp; from there directly to the M country! If it's not completed, the Americans&nbsp;&nbsp; will definitely take their anger out on me. But then I thought, damn it? I'm barely able&nbsp;&nbsp; to take care of myself right now, I'm in jail,&nbsp; why should I care about you American bastards!&nbsp; "Yes, yes, I've assigned&nbsp; someone to protect you..."&nbsp; Su Xinlu was overjoyed. She had been worried&nbsp; that Chen Zaidi might have already arrived&nbsp;&nbsp; in the United States while she was drugged. "Then I'll trouble Commander Yuan to have someone&nbsp;&nbsp; bring Chen Zaidi over..." Yuan Keming hesitated briefly again. At that moment, a gunshot rang out abruptly,&nbsp;&nbsp; startling Yuan Keming and Ang Kemin. At this moment, Yue Fei looked apologetic,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm so sorry, the gun went off&nbsp; accidentally... it went off..."&nbsp; Taking advantage of the moment when no one was&nbsp; looking, she gave Xiao Qiang a knowing look.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, however, wore a strange&nbsp; expression. "Heh, Brother Yue, you're&nbsp;&nbsp; becoming more and more in line with the times..." Immediately, Yuan Keming changed his mind,&nbsp;&nbsp; "No problem, I'll arrange it right away..." The room suddenly fell into a deathly silence. "Mr. Xiao, Xinluo has been rescued, and the&nbsp;&nbsp; traitor has been brought over immediately. What&nbsp; should we do next... return to China on the spot?"&nbsp; Upon hearing Su Rui's words, Xiao Qiang also fell&nbsp; into deep thought. "What suggestions do you have?"&nbsp; Su Rui pulled Xiao Qiang outside directly. "The&nbsp; Mianbei area is connected to our country's border.&nbsp;&nbsp; Due to the constant warlord conflicts&nbsp; here, our border is often threatened."&nbsp; Warlord rule is still rule, so we&nbsp; might as well take over directly.&nbsp; To develop it into Qiangsheng&nbsp; Security's first overseas base.&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang nodded repeatedly. Clearly, he was also moved by Su Rui's opinion.&nbsp; If this no-man's-land in northern Kokang&nbsp; continues to develop unchecked, with the&nbsp;&nbsp; support of various warlords, the Kokang region&nbsp; will become a breeding ground for telecom fraud,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the Chinese people will suffer the most. Having reached an agreement,&nbsp;&nbsp; the two returned to the room! "Commander Ang, Commander Yuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; shall we speak in private?" The two of them naturally&nbsp;&nbsp; dared not refuse Xiao Qiang's invitation. The three of them went to a closed room next&nbsp;&nbsp; door, where it was much quieter as the&nbsp; mountain winds were no longer howling.&nbsp; "Please have a seat!" At this moment, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; acted as if he were the host, and sat down&nbsp; in a chair as soon as he entered the room.&nbsp; The two of them sat down side&nbsp; by side, feeling quite nervous.&nbsp; "What are your plans for the future?" Xiao Qiang asked leisurely.&nbsp; Confused, the two exchanged questioning glances. "Sir...sir..."&nbsp; "Stop calling me 'adult,'&nbsp; you're not children anymore."&nbsp; Oh, I forgot to introduce myself. My&nbsp; name is Xiao Qiang, and I'm Chinese.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao... Mr. Xiao, regarding&nbsp; the trouble we've caused you,&nbsp;&nbsp; we... our Red Turban Army are willing to pay you&nbsp; 200 million Chinese Yuan... What do you think..."&nbsp; Oncomin took the initiative to speak first. "Yes...yes, our allies...are also&nbsp;&nbsp; willing to pay 200 million." Xiao Qiang burst into laughter,&nbsp;&nbsp; laughing so hard he forgot himself. But such a smile, in such a quiet room,&nbsp;&nbsp; in such a quiet night, was as creepy&nbsp; as it could be to the two of them.&nbsp; Suddenly, he pulled out the pistol from his waist&nbsp; and slammed it onto the table in front of him.&nbsp; The loud "bang" startled the two&nbsp; of them, making them tremble again.&nbsp; "Why don't you two reconsider?" Xiao Qiang lowered his head slightly,&nbsp;&nbsp; glancing upwards at the two of them&nbsp; with a strange look in his eyes.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao... Mr. Xiao, could&nbsp; you... perhaps give me a hint..."&nbsp; "Yes, yes, give me a hint..." The two of them were completely bewildered!&nbsp; You're the one who made us say it,&nbsp; and now you're not satisfied...&nbsp; "Here's a hint for you?" Xiao Qiang's face now&nbsp;&nbsp; wore a childlike, innocent smile again. This made the two of them mutter to themselves,&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's a really fast change of heart..." "Yes, yes, can you give me a hint?"&nbsp; "Fine! Look at you two, you're both in your&nbsp; fifties or sixties. What's the point of&nbsp;&nbsp; staying in this godforsaken, barren land&nbsp; of Mianbei? What's the point of living?"&nbsp; It's all about making money and having fun. Especially since you, Oncombe, like women,&nbsp;&nbsp; then go to France! The girls there are&nbsp; passionate, and as long as you have money,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can have as many as you want. Why bother with such despicable&nbsp;&nbsp; and fraudulent activities! Commander Yuan, am I right?&nbsp; "Yes, yes..." Both of them were cunning&nbsp;&nbsp; old foxes; how could they not understand&nbsp; the meaning behind Xiao Qiang's words?&nbsp; "They're trying to force us&nbsp; to leave northern Cambodia..."&nbsp; The two exchanged a glance, both seeing a&nbsp; look of seriousness in each other's eyes.&nbsp; He has spent his whole life working hard here, and&nbsp; all his family business is here. Within the camp,&nbsp;&nbsp; he is the only master, the only ruler. Giving up is easier said than done.&nbsp; The two were engaged in a fierce internal&nbsp; struggle, while Xiao Qiang remained&nbsp;&nbsp; oblivious to their flirtatious exchanges. This time, it was Yuan Keming who spoke first,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, after thinking about it, I&nbsp; realize that I am indeed getting old and&nbsp;&nbsp; it's time for me to enjoy my later years." "Then I entrust my allies to Mr. Xiao. They&nbsp;&nbsp; represent the culmination of my life's work, and&nbsp; I hope Mr. Xiao will take good care of them!"&nbsp; After speaking, Yuan Keming seemed to age&nbsp; considerably in an instant, as if he had let go&nbsp;&nbsp; of a great deal, and he lay loosely on the chair. At this moment, Yuan Keming was thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; that if he lost the person that the US&nbsp; wanted, those ruthless American bastards&nbsp;&nbsp; probably wouldn't let him off easily. Rather than stubbornly resisting here,&nbsp;&nbsp; it would be better to take this opportunity to&nbsp; go into hiding and enjoy the leisurely life of&nbsp;&nbsp; a wealthy old man in his later years. Xiao Qiang was secretly pleased. With&nbsp;&nbsp; Yuan Keming setting an example, Ang&nbsp; Kemin would be even easier to control.&nbsp; "Then, the handling of assets within&nbsp; the Allied forces is a problem!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said this casually. The shrewd Yuan Keming immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; spoke up, "Mr. Xiao, I've accumulated some&nbsp; savings abroad over the years. I'll leave&nbsp;&nbsp; the assets within the Allied Army to you&nbsp; for the purpose of supporting the army!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang thought to himself, "You&nbsp; old codger, you've got some sense!"&nbsp; Commander Ang, and what about you? What could Ang Kemin say? Even the number one&nbsp;&nbsp; warlord in Mianbei was considering resigning, so&nbsp; what could he, the second-in-command, possibly do?&nbsp; "I'm the same as Commander Yuan, but I plan to&nbsp; go to Japan. The girls there are unforgettable!"&nbsp; Everything within the Red Turban&nbsp; Army is now in Mr. Xiao's hands! Chapter 106 Integrating the Red&nbsp; Turban Army and Allied Forces&nbsp; Seeing that both warlords had backed down, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang didn't care about their little schemes.&nbsp; What does it mean to have some savings overseas? This is quite something; it's estimated to be at&nbsp;&nbsp; least several hundred million. Just now,&nbsp; those two casually offered me 200 million.&nbsp; "Then let's go arrange the handover, and&nbsp; since it's already daylight, I'll have&nbsp;&nbsp; someone escort you two into Teddy Country." The two muttered to themselves, "Damn it,&nbsp;&nbsp; they messed us up all night and didn't even&nbsp; let the two old folks get a rest before&nbsp;&nbsp; kicking us out. They're utterly inhuman." However, neither of them dared to speak out&nbsp;&nbsp; against their anger. Around 6 a.m.&nbsp; At the foot of Nantianmen Mountain, the&nbsp; Red Turban Army and the Allied Army stood&nbsp;&nbsp; together in a rare occurrence, receiving&nbsp; parting words from their spiritual leader.&nbsp; The message was incredibly touching! Ang Kemin: "Brothers, I'm getting old and can&nbsp;&nbsp; no longer lead you to new heights. This is Xiao&nbsp; Qiang, the son of my great-aunt's sister's niece."&nbsp; Yuan Keming: "He is also the nephew of&nbsp; my distant maternal uncle's brother."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was so embarrassed he almost&nbsp; had a stroke. Was it really that bad?&nbsp; Ang Kemin and Yuan Keming said, "Therefore,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang is our common relative, and we&nbsp; should turn hostility into friendship."&nbsp; We're getting old, and we're going to&nbsp; spend our retirement years overseas.&nbsp; Next, our common distant relative, Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; will lead the Red Turban Army and the Allied Army.&nbsp; I hope that under his wise leadership,&nbsp; everyone will continue to grow stronger.&nbsp; After a brief farewell,&nbsp;&nbsp; the two were seen off by Xiao Qiang. To prevent unnecessary trouble, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately adopted the approach of the great man&nbsp; and used the method of swapping generals to divide&nbsp;&nbsp; and disintegrate the established forces. The commander of the Allied tank company&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately stood up to object,&nbsp; but was shot dead by Su Rui.&nbsp; No other general dared to&nbsp; raise objections after that.&nbsp; “Brother Rui, you may need to stay for a&nbsp; while to organize these two scattered groups,&nbsp;&nbsp; weeding out those that need to be eliminated&nbsp; and training those that need to be trained.”&nbsp; Furthermore, although the generals&nbsp; have been reassigned, it's hard&nbsp;&nbsp; to say whether other problems might arise. Furthermore, thoroughly investigate the resources&nbsp;&nbsp; of the Red Turban Army and the Allied Army, and&nbsp; see what those two old men are really made of.&nbsp; Su Rui nodded; this was much simpler&nbsp; for him, a national-level elite soldier.&nbsp; “You are currently short of manpower. I&nbsp; will have Brother Yue and the others stay&nbsp;&nbsp; and help you for a while. Once you have sorted&nbsp; things out, I will send them back to China.”&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, just let them stay for a day&nbsp; or two. I've already gathered some of&nbsp;&nbsp; the retired brothers back in China, and I&nbsp; 've told them to come over immediately."&nbsp; "That would be best. After you've settled things&nbsp; here, you should go back to China immediately."&nbsp; "Yes, Mr. Xiao!" Only after arranging all of&nbsp; this did Xiao Qiang feel sleepy.&nbsp; Although Su Rui was also a bit sleepy, he still&nbsp; had to manage the remaining 25,000-plus people.&nbsp; Su Xinlu led Xiao Qiang to the room where the two&nbsp; were being held, where there were two large beds.&nbsp; At this moment, on a large bed, Korean&nbsp; celebrity Dora is still fast asleep.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, why don't you and&nbsp; I rest on this bed for a while?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded and buried&nbsp; his face in the soft mattress.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, thank you for rescuing me. When&nbsp; I was drugged, I thought I would never be&nbsp;&nbsp; able to leave this place again in my life." After they forcibly drugged me, I thought I&nbsp;&nbsp; would never be able to retain my virginity again,&nbsp; but unexpectedly, you appeared like a prince on a&nbsp;&nbsp; white horse at the crucial moment... Xiao... Qiang...&nbsp; Since we parted on the plane last time,&nbsp; I've dreamed about you almost every night.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang… Xiao Qiang?&nbsp; At this moment, Su Xinluo had her back&nbsp; to Xiao Qiang and tried to appear calm.&nbsp; But when she suddenly turned around, she was&nbsp; surprised to see that the other person was&nbsp;&nbsp; already snoring softly. "ah…"&nbsp; Su Xinlu was utterly exasperated.&nbsp; You fall asleep way too fast!&nbsp; I finally mustered up the courage to&nbsp; say these words, but you responded to&nbsp;&nbsp; my heartfelt confession with snoring? Su Xinluo's face, already flushed&nbsp;&nbsp; with nervousness and shyness, combined&nbsp; with her slightly frantic expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; gave her a unique mature woman's charm. After calming down by sitting on the edge of the&nbsp;&nbsp; bed, Su Xinlu came to Xiao Qiang's side, took off&nbsp; his shoes and coat, and covered him with a blanket&nbsp;&nbsp; before quietly lying down next to him. Looking at Xiao Qiang's handsome face,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Xinlu couldn't help but give&nbsp; him a light kiss on the cheek.&nbsp; Then he nervously closed his eyes. The night passed peacefully.&nbsp; Perhaps Xiao Qiang was truly exhausted,&nbsp; and he didn't display the same level of&nbsp;&nbsp; aggression as he had on the plane that time. Around 3 p.m., a scream suddenly rang out,&nbsp;&nbsp; waking people from their sleep. Xiao Qiang suddenly sat up. "Miss&nbsp;&nbsp; Dora, what's wrong?" How do you know my&nbsp;&nbsp; name is Dolala? And who are you? "You forgot? Last night you were&nbsp;&nbsp; drugged and kept throwing yourself at&nbsp; me. I knocked you out and rescued you?"&nbsp; Dora looked puzzled, then after a moment's&nbsp; reflection and confirming that she had not&nbsp;&nbsp; been violated, she carefully recalled&nbsp; some of the scenes from yesterday.&nbsp; "Thank you, thank you for saving me!" At this time, Dora was still relatively&nbsp;&nbsp; green and did not have the mature and&nbsp; charming aura she would have 10 years later.&nbsp; However, her physical development had&nbsp; already been completed ahead of schedule,&nbsp;&nbsp; and she was curvaceous, which made Xiao&nbsp; Qiang momentarily lose his composure.&nbsp; "No, it's nothing, just&nbsp; something I did. I'm your fan."&nbsp; Dora was completely bewildered. She had&nbsp; only just started out and hadn't acted in&nbsp;&nbsp; any movies yet. At 5 p.m., Su Rui sent military&nbsp; vehicles to take Xiao Qiang, Su Xinluo,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Chen Zaidi to the China-Myanmar border,&nbsp; where military aircraft were already waiting.&nbsp; Dora was later sent to Teddy Country&nbsp; and boarded a flight back to Korea.&nbsp; At 7 p.m., Xiao Qiang and&nbsp; his entourage were personally&nbsp;&nbsp; received by Chen Weiguo, the military leader. "Xiao Qiang, I really didn't misjudge you."&nbsp; I never expected you to complete this task in&nbsp; just one night. You are truly my lucky star!&nbsp; You not only rescued Major Su, but also arrested&nbsp; the traitor and brought him back to the country,&nbsp;&nbsp; preventing a major loss for the nation! Chen Weiguo genuinely admired Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; "Sir, what about... the major general rank?" Xiao Qiang was indifferent to these empty praises,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he never forgot about&nbsp; the rank of Major General.&nbsp; Chen Weiguo was taken aback. "Haha,&nbsp; Xiaoqiang, you little rascal,&nbsp;&nbsp; you've been thinking about this all along.&nbsp; Okay, I'll report to my superiors right away."&nbsp; "Once the higher-ups approve it, I'll immediately&nbsp; award you the rank of Major General and your&nbsp;&nbsp; uniform. Is that alright?" Xiao Qiang grinned,&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's perfect! I'll wait for you here." Su Xinlu, who was standing next to him,&nbsp;&nbsp; was speechless. Only Xiao Qiang would&nbsp; dare to speak to the leader like that.&nbsp; Chen Weiguo laughed again, "Alright!&nbsp; I'll give you this special treatment."&nbsp; After saying this, Chen Weiguo reported this&nbsp; special situation to his superiors via a dedicated&nbsp;&nbsp; telephone line. The superiors had heard of Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's name because of the Okchin incident,&nbsp;&nbsp; and upon hearing that Xiao Qiang had once again&nbsp; rendered meritorious service to the country,&nbsp;&nbsp; they readily agreed to award him the rank&nbsp; first and complete the formalities later. Chapter 107 Major General Rank After obtaining approval from&nbsp;&nbsp; his superiors, Chen Weiguo immediately&nbsp; arranged for relevant military personnel&nbsp;&nbsp; to bring the equipment to his office. Xiao Qiang looked at the military uniforms&nbsp;&nbsp; and boots in the staff's hands, his heart filled&nbsp; with excitement, his eyes filled with longing.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, from the moment you received this&nbsp; sacred military uniform, you have a greater&nbsp;&nbsp; responsibility and burden on your shoulders." Although you are only an unofficial&nbsp;&nbsp; member of the military, you still have the&nbsp; responsibilities and obligations of a soldier.&nbsp; Chen Weiguo said with a&nbsp; solemn and serious expression.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang also put away his previous&nbsp; unruly expression and looked serious.&nbsp; "Please rest assured, sir, I will definitely&nbsp; be strict with myself and make sure that my&nbsp;&nbsp; actions are worthy of this uniform." Chen Weiguo nodded in satisfaction.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, listen to my&nbsp; command, accept your uniform!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang immediately stood up straight,&nbsp; gave Chen Weiguo a solemn military salute,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then took the uniform from him. Su Xinluo, standing beside him, looked&nbsp;&nbsp; at the young general's uniform in Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; hand and felt a surge of emotion and excitement.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, go to my lounge and&nbsp; change into this. See if it fits."&nbsp; With his military uniform in hand, Xiao Qiang was&nbsp; even more excited. Hearing his superior say this,&nbsp;&nbsp; he didn't stand on ceremony and went&nbsp; straight into the superior's rest room.&nbsp; Three minutes later, the door to&nbsp; Chen Weiguo's rest room opened.&nbsp; Su Xinluo immediately looked&nbsp; up, exclaiming, "Wow..."&nbsp; The already tall and handsome Xiao Qiang looked&nbsp; even more upright and sturdy in his military&nbsp;&nbsp; uniform, his face full of determination&nbsp; and his handsome appearance was striking.&nbsp; Su Xinlu was momentarily stunned,&nbsp; staring blankly at the other person.&nbsp; "Not bad, not bad...very much like&nbsp; the spirit of a Chinese soldier..."&nbsp; Even Chen Weiguo himself praised it repeatedly. Xiao Qiang kept turning his head to look&nbsp;&nbsp; at the military ranks on his shoulders. Then the staff immediately took Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; photo on the spot and made an officer's ID card. Seeing Xiao Qiang's overjoyed expression, Chen&nbsp;&nbsp; Weiguo took a sip of tea and said, "Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; we've given you the uniform and rank insignia.&nbsp;&nbsp; When can you join the army and train the special&nbsp; forces teams in various military regions...?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was taken aback. "Commander,&nbsp; it's possible anytime! Even if I'm not here,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can arrange for people to enter&nbsp; the army to temporarily replace me."&nbsp; Chen Weiguo was taken aback. "Huh? You&nbsp; brat, what do you take my special forces&nbsp;&nbsp; for? You think you can just pull out&nbsp; anyone and make them an instructor?"&nbsp; And what's this? You took the reward&nbsp; early and you're trying to run away?&nbsp; Let me tell you, there's no&nbsp; such thing as a free lunch!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang sighed helplessly,&nbsp; "Commander, please let me explain."&nbsp; First, the people I've found are absolutely&nbsp; qualified to be instructors for the special&nbsp;&nbsp; forces. You can rest assured about that. At worst,&nbsp; you can observe the training first day in person.&nbsp; Secondly, since I have agreed to be&nbsp; your instructor, I will certainly not&nbsp;&nbsp; desert my post. However, if I encounter an&nbsp; emergency, I will temporarily assign these&nbsp;&nbsp; people to conduct training. "See, is this alright?"&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Chen&nbsp; Weiguo's expression softened.&nbsp; “Okay, then I’ll start issuing mobilization&nbsp; orders to the entire army. Once the scale and&nbsp;&nbsp; personnel for the training are determined,&nbsp; I’ll notify you as soon as possible.”&nbsp; "No problem, sir." After finalizing these arrangements,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang changed back into casual clothes&nbsp; and left Chen Weiguo's office with Su Xinlu.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; when will you remove the scars on my body?"&nbsp; As soon as she left the military headquarters,&nbsp; Su Xinluo couldn't wait to ask Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Seeing the hopeful and adorable&nbsp; look in the other person's eyes,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang chuckled, "How about now?" Su Xinlu nodded like a chick pecking at rice.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang took Su Xinluo&nbsp; directly to Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Pharmaceutical Factory. Fu Hao, Mingxing, and Niu Bi, the three brothers,&nbsp;&nbsp; were all in Fu Hao's operations director's office,&nbsp; taking a break to rest with their eyes closed.&nbsp; In the past few days, the three of them have been&nbsp; working non-stop, first signing an investment&nbsp;&nbsp; promotion agreement with the Jinjiang&nbsp; Municipal Government of Shanxi Province,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then immediately handling preliminary&nbsp; procedures such as company registration.&nbsp; At Xiao Qiang's recommendation, the&nbsp; construction of the Xishan Province Huaxia&nbsp;&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall Industrial&nbsp; Park was undertaken by Qiangsheng Real Estate.&nbsp; As this project is a key investment&nbsp; attraction project for Jin City this year,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Jin City government has provided tremendous&nbsp; support in handling the relevant procedures,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it is expected to officially&nbsp; commence construction in two days.&nbsp; As soon as the three returned from Jin&nbsp; City, Xiao Qiang arranged for them to&nbsp;&nbsp; connect with Jeffers' Zheng's Pharmaceutical&nbsp; Factory in Shannan Province to complete the&nbsp;&nbsp; equity transfer and start the production of&nbsp; Shenyang Kangtai Pills as soon as possible.&nbsp; This week, the three of them could&nbsp; only sleep two or three hours a day.&nbsp; "That son of a bitch Xiao Qiang, I wonder where&nbsp; he's been having a good time these past few days."&nbsp; I'm exhausted every day! Dong Mingxing looked indignant,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I don't even have the time to pick up girls..." "Stop talking nonsense. Can you attract 2 billion&nbsp;&nbsp; in investment? Can you take over that factory&nbsp; in Zhengzhou without spending a penny?"&nbsp; If you can do that, then you can go and&nbsp; have a good time, and I'll do your work…&nbsp; Fu Hao retorted without holding back. "I don't have that ability,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm just saying a few words..." Niu Bi said in a tone of disappointment,&nbsp;&nbsp; "With that kind of energy, wouldn't it be&nbsp; better to just close your eyes and rest?"&nbsp; Just then,&nbsp;&nbsp; the door to Fu Hao's office creaked open. Fu Hao's eyes remained closed.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Assistant Zhang, what is it?" Xiao Qiang looked at the three people in front&nbsp;&nbsp; of him with their eyes closed and heads drooping.&nbsp; Fu Hao's words also revealed a hint of weakness.&nbsp; "Hey guys, what's up? Didn't&nbsp; you sleep last night?"&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang? You son of a bitch..." "You little brat, you're not human..."&nbsp; The moment the three men saw Xiao Qiang, they all&nbsp;&nbsp; pointed their guns at him without hesitation. As Xiao Qiang entered,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Xinluo's figure was also revealed. "Hey Xiaoqiang, who's this beautiful lady?"&nbsp; "Huh..." "Celebrity,&nbsp;&nbsp; is my hair a mess...? Where's my comb...?" The three brothers' demeanor changed&nbsp;&nbsp; instantly upon seeing the beautiful woman. "Hello, I'm Su Xinluo, Xiao Qiang's friend!"&nbsp; "Hello, we are Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; and my name is Fu Hao..."&nbsp; "My name is Dong Mingxing..." "My name is Hao Niubi..."&nbsp; After hearing Hao Niubi's introduction, Su Xinluo&nbsp; chuckled, "Hello, your names are so high-profile!"&nbsp; The three of them stared in disbelief&nbsp; at Su Xinlu's radiant smile.&nbsp; "Perhaps the parents were feeling&nbsp; quite proud when they named him..."&nbsp; Fu Hao said awkwardly, "Beautiful&nbsp; lady, do you have a boyfriend?"&nbsp; The celebrity and Niu Bi also pricked up&nbsp; their ears, waiting for the beauty's reply.&nbsp; "Me? Not yet, but I do have someone I like..." As Su Xinlu spoke, her eyes involuntarily&nbsp;&nbsp; glanced at Xiao Qiang beside her. The three were instantly heartbroken,&nbsp;&nbsp; and their eyes filled with resentment and&nbsp; jealousy as they looked at Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Fu Hao, who was about to ask Su Xinluo&nbsp; for her phone number, wisely kept quiet.&nbsp; "Hey guys, I'm going to go&nbsp; talk to those old doctors&nbsp;&nbsp; about something. I'll chat with you guys later!"&nbsp; Amidst the disapproving looks of the three, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang led Su Xinlu directly to the laboratory.&nbsp; Good evening, esteemed healers! To Xiao Qiang's embarrassment,&nbsp;&nbsp; the seven old doctors seemed not to have heard him&nbsp; at all and were still very focused on what they&nbsp;&nbsp; were doing around the experimental table. Nobody wanted to pay him any attention.&nbsp; "Hua Tuo, add two qian of longevity grass." Bian Que said excitedly.&nbsp; As Hua Tuo added an unremarkable-looking&nbsp; medicinal herb, a faint fragrance soon&nbsp;&nbsp; filled the laboratory. "It's done?"&nbsp; At this moment, the divine physician Ge Hong's&nbsp; joy was palpable. "It should be successful!"&nbsp; "Hey? What are you guys&nbsp; talking about? What's done?" Chapter 108 The Explosion of Anti-Cancer Drugs "Hey? Xiaoqiang? When did you get here?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was speechless for a moment. "Old Bian,&nbsp;&nbsp; so you've been treating me like&nbsp; I don't exist all this time?"&nbsp; Bian Que wasn't embarrassed. "We were&nbsp; so focused on our battle against cancer&nbsp;&nbsp; that we didn't notice you..." "Old Bian, you mean...you've&nbsp;&nbsp; developed a drug to treat cancer?" Xiao Qiang spoke with extreme excitement,&nbsp;&nbsp; his expression one of longing and anticipation. The research on drugs for treating cancer was&nbsp;&nbsp; based on Ge Hong's early research findings. At this moment, Ge Hong also said excitedly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "The medicine was developed based on our&nbsp; pathological analysis and reasoning about&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer. The specific efficacy needs to be&nbsp; verified by a group of cancer patients."&nbsp; The theoretical premise of this drug is&nbsp; that within 12 hours of administration,&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer cells will be halved, and within 24&nbsp; hours, the tumor lesions will be controlled&nbsp;&nbsp; within a benign range, achieving coexistence&nbsp; between the tumor and the body, making cancer&nbsp;&nbsp; a chronic disease that is not fatal. If the drug's efficacy is verified,&nbsp;&nbsp; it proves that the drug has achieved success&nbsp; on both theoretical and practical levels.&nbsp; Although it cannot completely eliminate cancer, as&nbsp; long as it is not fatal, it is definitely a great&nbsp;&nbsp; invention that can cause a sensation in the world. Three-legged toads are hard to find,&nbsp;&nbsp; but cancer patients are very easy to find. Xiao Qiang immediately called Fu Hao over,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the latter was equally excited when he&nbsp; heard that a breakthrough had been achieved&nbsp;&nbsp; in developing a cancer-specific drug. As everyone knows, if this drug can&nbsp;&nbsp; be successfully proven effective&nbsp; from a pathological perspective,&nbsp;&nbsp; its commercial value will be immeasurable. "Fu Hao, go to the oncology intensive care&nbsp;&nbsp; unit of a 5A hospital and find 100 volunteers&nbsp; to participate in the drug trial. Once the&nbsp;&nbsp; drug passes our internal inspection,&nbsp; immediately register the invention&nbsp;&nbsp; patent and simultaneously send it to the drug&nbsp; regulatory authority for clinical trials."&nbsp; Fu Hao was no longer the weak and listless man he&nbsp; had been; he now appeared energetic and vigorous.&nbsp; "No problem, I will personally lead the&nbsp; team to the hospital to handle this matter."&nbsp; After saying that, Fu Hao personally led the&nbsp; people from the pharmacology and laboratory&nbsp;&nbsp; department to the nearest 5A hospital. Xiao Qiang saw that everyone had already put&nbsp; away the first batch of more than 100 pills.&nbsp; "Dr. Sun, I need your help!" Upon hearing this, Sun Simiao put&nbsp;&nbsp; down the medicinal herbs in his hand. "Xiao&nbsp; Qiang, is this the friend you mentioned&nbsp;&nbsp; wanting to get rid of his scars?" "Your medical skills are superb,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you can even predict the future!" Xiao Qiang's flattery was perfectly timed, and&nbsp;&nbsp; Sun Simiao burst into laughter upon hearing it. Then, he opened a combination lock box,&nbsp;&nbsp; took out an exquisitely packaged medicine&nbsp; box, inside which was the Ice Skin Jade Cream.&nbsp; Because both of Huaxia TCM Hospital's&nbsp; pharmaceutical factories are currently&nbsp;&nbsp; operating at full capacity to produce Shenyang&nbsp; Kangtai Pills, Bingji Yuyan Cream has not been&nbsp;&nbsp; commercialized after passing clinical trials&nbsp; by the State Food and Drug Administration.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, apply this ointment evenly to the&nbsp; girl's scar, then wrap it with gauze. After 1&nbsp;&nbsp; hour, you will feel a slight burning sensation on&nbsp; the scar. After 2 hours, the scar will fall off,&nbsp;&nbsp; and after 12 hours, you can remove the gauze." If you want to whiten your skin, dilute it&nbsp;&nbsp; with water at a ratio of 1:10 and apply it&nbsp; evenly to your skin. In less than 5 days,&nbsp;&nbsp; your skin will be as soft and white as a baby's... Meanwhile, Su Xinluo couldn't wait any longer.&nbsp;&nbsp; As soon as Sun Simiao finished speaking, she&nbsp; pulled Xiao Qiang away from the laboratory.&nbsp; "Xinluo, where are you taking me?" "Let's go get a hotel room!"&nbsp; "Hurry up and apply the medicine,&nbsp; I can't wait any longer..."&nbsp; "Um... could you use a different word?&nbsp; Otherwise, it might give me other ideas..."&nbsp; Su Xinlu rolled her eyes at Xiao Qiang&nbsp; and continued walking forward, but she&nbsp;&nbsp; kept thinking about Xiao Qiang's words,&nbsp; "Or maybe I have other ideas about you."&nbsp; The two found the nearest five-star hotel. As soon as she entered the room,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Xinluo went into the bathroom. Listening to the sound of the shower running&nbsp;&nbsp; in the bathroom, Xiao Qiang unconsciously thought&nbsp; of the scene when he rescued Su Xinluo in Mianbei.&nbsp; This made him lose his senses. Then Su Xinluo came out wrapped in a bath towel.&nbsp;&nbsp; Perhaps because of the steam, her pretty face&nbsp; was flushed and she looked extremely beautiful.&nbsp; "What are you looking at? It's not&nbsp; like we've never seen this before..."&nbsp; Seeing Xiao Qiang staring blankly at her,&nbsp; Su Xinluo couldn't help but feign reproach.&nbsp; But deep down, he was incredibly proud! "I've seen it, but I can't get enough..."&nbsp; "snort…" Su Xinluo,&nbsp;&nbsp; the fierce and powerful woman in the military,&nbsp; surprisingly revealed a shy and girlish demeanor.&nbsp; Su Xinluo didn't continue on this topic because&nbsp; she was now eager to apply the medicine and see&nbsp;&nbsp; the scars on her body miraculously disappear. Su Xinluo lay directly on the bed and naturally&nbsp;&nbsp; removed the bath towel she was wrapped in. Xiao Qiang felt another surge of excitement.&nbsp; Although it's not the first time we've&nbsp; met, it always feels like the first time!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked at the dozen or so scars of&nbsp; varying sizes on Su Xinluo's back, some deep and&nbsp;&nbsp; some shallow, and felt a pang of heartache. He applied the Ice Skin Jade Cream evenly&nbsp;&nbsp; to the scars and then covered&nbsp; them with gauze to secure them.&nbsp; He then did the same thing, applying ointment&nbsp; to the scars on her legs, arms, and chest.&nbsp; Although the process was somewhat erotic,&nbsp; both of them were extremely restrained!&nbsp; Finally, Su Xinluo was covered in bandages&nbsp; all over her body; if you didn't look closely,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'd think she was a mummy. After all that work, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; had a light sheen of sweat on his forehead. Seeing Xiao Qiang's expression, Su Xinluo&nbsp;&nbsp; was deeply moved. "Thank you, Xiao Qiang..." "Here we go again. If I have to thank you... I&nbsp;&nbsp; might as well repay you with my body..." Su Xinlu was about to say something.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang suddenly spoke again, "Just&nbsp; kidding... don't take it seriously..."&nbsp; Seeing Xiao Qiang's sudden change to a carefree&nbsp; and playful demeanor, Su Xinluo's heart, which had&nbsp;&nbsp; been pounding with anxiety, suddenly relaxed. His relaxed expression, however,&nbsp;&nbsp; also carried a hint of regret. Perhaps, if Xiao Qiang hadn't interrupted,&nbsp;&nbsp; she would have given a different answer? "Xinlu, it's getting late,&nbsp;&nbsp; you should get some rest!" "Xiaoqiang, why don't you not go back?&nbsp;&nbsp; This bed is big enough for two people..." After Su Xinlu finished speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; she felt that her words might cause some&nbsp; misunderstandings. At the same time,&nbsp;&nbsp; she suddenly remembered the scenes that happened&nbsp; on the plane last time, and her cheeks turned red.&nbsp; "Um, is this convenient?" "What's with the dawdling? It's not&nbsp;&nbsp; like we haven't slept together before..." But as soon as she finished speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Xinlu realized the ambiguity in her words&nbsp; and quickly explained, "What I meant was,&nbsp;&nbsp; during the last military competition,&nbsp; we also rested in a room together..."&nbsp; She felt a burning sensation on her cheeks. "Okay, if I feel unwell during the process,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can handle it immediately..." And so, the two of them, each with&nbsp;&nbsp; their own thoughts, slept on a large bed. Xiao Qiang, this straight-laced man,&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly fell asleep again. Su Xinluo, however,&nbsp;&nbsp; was unable to fall asleep for a long time,&nbsp; feeling a mix of unease and anticipation.&nbsp; Midway through, she clearly felt a&nbsp; burning sensation at the location&nbsp;&nbsp; of the scar. It was precisely because&nbsp; she remained conscious that she avoided&nbsp;&nbsp; several unconscious attacks from Xiao Qiang. "That Xiaoqiang guy, his sleep is so restless!" Chapter 109 Su Xinluo's Rebirth The next day, the sun slowly rose,&nbsp;&nbsp; illuminating the vast land. Xiao Qiang rolled over and&nbsp;&nbsp; placed one hand directly on Su Xinlu,&nbsp; who was still fast asleep beside him.&nbsp; Su Xinluo was instantly awakened,&nbsp; feeling an arm pressing down on her,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a warm breath on her cheek, warm and ticklish. She opened her eyes and looked at Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; who was standing close to her, and a&nbsp; strange feeling welled up in her heart.&nbsp; She didn't push Xiao Qiang away directly, but&nbsp; instead let him press down on her like that,&nbsp;&nbsp; while she turned her head to stare&nbsp; at him, feeling his breathing.&nbsp; Suddenly, Xiao Qiang moved his mouth&nbsp; forward and lightly touched Su Xinluo's&nbsp;&nbsp; red lips, leaving Su Xinluo stunned. Xiao Qiang, as if he had tasted something&nbsp;&nbsp; delicious, began to push his luck. Su Xinluo, who was attacked,&nbsp;&nbsp; was immediately thrown into a panic and,&nbsp; without thinking, pushed Xiao Qiang away.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was jolted awake by the shoving. "What's wrong, Xinluo?"&nbsp; "Hey? Why is your face so&nbsp; red? Do you have a fever?"&nbsp; Confused, Xiao Qiang opened his sleepy&nbsp; eyes and immediately asked Su Xinluo,&nbsp;&nbsp; then touched her forehead. "There's no fever, what happened..."&nbsp; Su Xinlu was speechless, thinking to&nbsp; herself, "It's all because of you..."&nbsp; "I don't have a fever... Time to get up..." "oh!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stretched and sat up, looking at Su&nbsp; Xinluo who was almost wrapped up like a dumpling.&nbsp;&nbsp; "How are you feeling? Any discomfort?" "I had a burning sensation for a while&nbsp;&nbsp; last night, but it was okay, and&nbsp; the feeling disappeared later!"&nbsp; I felt a little itchy in the middle of the night! Xiao Qiang nodded, "That's alright, Dr. Sun also&nbsp;&nbsp; warned that such a reaction might occur." He then glanced at his watch. "There are&nbsp;&nbsp; still 40 minutes until the 12 hours are up.&nbsp; Are you looking forward to your rebirth?"&nbsp; Su Xinluo was overjoyed; this could be considered&nbsp; a kind of rebirth, she thought, and nodded,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Of course I'm looking forward to it!" These forty minutes would normally pass&nbsp;&nbsp; in the blink of an eye, but now they&nbsp; felt exceptionally long to Su Xinluo.&nbsp; It's only been 12 hours!&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, hurry up and&nbsp; help me remove the gauze..."&nbsp; His words were filled with urgency&nbsp; and an undisguised anticipation.&nbsp; "Then close your eyes and wait&nbsp; for me to remove the gauze. You&nbsp;&nbsp; will witness your own transformation." Su Xinluo remained silent, simply closing&nbsp;&nbsp; her eyes obediently, but the violent heaving&nbsp; of her chest revealed the turmoil within her.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang carefully and slowly peeled off a piece&nbsp; of gauze on her back shoulder, where there was a&nbsp;&nbsp; scar left by gunshots. "Wow…"&nbsp; Although he was mentally prepared, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; still couldn't help but exclaim in amazement&nbsp;&nbsp; when he saw that the scar had disappeared&nbsp; without a trace, replaced by smooth skin.&nbsp; Has the scar been removed?"&nbsp; Su Xinlu asked anxiously. "It's alright, you'll witness&nbsp;&nbsp; the miracle for yourself later!" This statement filled Su Xinluo&nbsp;&nbsp; with even greater anticipation. Ten minutes later, all the gauze on&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Xinluo's body was removed, and after scraping&nbsp; off the black ointment, her snow-white and smooth&nbsp;&nbsp; new skin shone with a captivating radiance. "Xiaoqiang, can you open your eyes now?"&nbsp; "Hold on" Xiao Qiang first&nbsp;&nbsp; pulled Su Xinluo to the full-length mirror&nbsp; in the room, and then went to the bathroom&nbsp;&nbsp; to wet a disposable towel with warm water and&nbsp; carefully wiped off the ointment on her body.&nbsp; Although Su Xinluo was almost naked at this&nbsp; moment, Xiao Qiang remained in a sage-like state&nbsp;&nbsp; throughout the entire process. "Xinluo, that's enough!"&nbsp; Su Xinluo took a deep breath and&nbsp; then suddenly opened her eyes.&nbsp; She twisted and turned in front of the&nbsp; mirror, carefully observing herself,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then suddenly burst into tears of joy. Then she hugged Xiao Qiang tightly, saying,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Thank you, thank you, Xiao Qiang..." Feeling the real pressure on his chest,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang felt embarrassed. "Ahem, Xinluo, get dressed&nbsp;&nbsp; first... get dressed first..." Su Xinluo then realized she was a little&nbsp;&nbsp; embarrassed, and her pretty face turned red. Hurry up and put on your coat!&nbsp; Are you satisfied? "Satisfied, extremely satisfied! You&nbsp;&nbsp; can't see any scars at all, it's simply amazing." By the way, what was that pharmaceutical company&nbsp;&nbsp; you took me to yesterday? ..." Xiao Qiang nodded. "It's a startup&nbsp;&nbsp; company that my classmates and I run." "Wow, Xiaoqiang, you're amazing!"&nbsp; Soldiers admire the strong, and Su Xinluo is no&nbsp; exception. Xiao Qiang is not only a top student&nbsp;&nbsp; at Yanda University, but also a reclusive master&nbsp; who won the title of Global Super Soldier King,&nbsp;&nbsp; and now he's the co-founder&nbsp; of a pharmaceutical company…&nbsp; Suddenly, Su Xinluo was filled with immense&nbsp; curiosity about Xiao Qiang, and her eyes were&nbsp;&nbsp; full of admiration as she looked at him. "Xinluo, this is the remaining Ice Skin&nbsp;&nbsp; Jade Cream. After you return to the&nbsp; military camp, dilute it with water&nbsp;&nbsp; and apply it to your skin. It will make your&nbsp; tanned skin become snow-white and smooth!"&nbsp; "Okay, thank you again, Xiao Qiang." By the way, has your company's Ice Skin Jade&nbsp;&nbsp; Cream been released yet? I'd like to recommend&nbsp; it to my comrades; they definitely need it too!&nbsp; "It's not in mass production yet. I'll let you&nbsp; know once we start mass production of this drug!"&nbsp; After exchanging pleasantries, Su Xinluo&nbsp; took Xiao Qiang back to a 5A hospital.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, I'm heading back now.&nbsp; See you at the barracks next time!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded. "Drive carefully." By the way, I look forward&nbsp;&nbsp; to seeing you in a dress! Su Xinluo didn't say anything,&nbsp;&nbsp; but just smiled at Xiao Qiang! After Su Xinluo left, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; ran quickly into the hospital.&nbsp; He is now eager to know the experimental&nbsp; effects of the anti-cancer drug on volunteers.&nbsp; It turns out that last night, Fu Hao&nbsp; personally led a group of colleagues from&nbsp;&nbsp; the drug testing department to the oncology&nbsp; ward of a nearby 5A hospital with the newly&nbsp;&nbsp; developed anti-cancer drug. They encountered numerous&nbsp;&nbsp; obstacles right from the start. The normal drug testing process&nbsp;&nbsp; requires recruiting volunteers from the market to&nbsp; participate in drug trials, but this process can&nbsp;&nbsp; take several months, which is too time-consuming. That's why Xiao Qiang proposed this time-saving&nbsp;&nbsp; and labor-saving method. But here's the problem:&nbsp; If you promote products that haven't passed the&nbsp; drug administration's inspection in a hospital and&nbsp;&nbsp; someone dies, who will be held responsible? With the doctor-patient relationship so&nbsp;&nbsp; strained right now, no hospital would&nbsp; tolerate such a high-risk incident.&nbsp; Standing in the corridor of the oncology&nbsp; ward, Fu Hao and his colleagues felt&nbsp;&nbsp; quite helpless about the situation. "Dear uncles and aunts, our medicine&nbsp;&nbsp; has indeed just been successfully developed, but&nbsp; who says that traditional Chinese medicine cannot&nbsp;&nbsp; treat cancer? These are all fallacies of Western&nbsp; medicine and shocking lies that maliciously&nbsp;&nbsp; suppress traditional Chinese medicine." At this moment, the head of the 5A hospital&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately stood up and said, "Talk is&nbsp; cheap, anyone can brag. No matter how&nbsp;&nbsp; advanced Western technology is, it can only&nbsp; prolong patients' lives to a certain extent."&nbsp; I checked the company you just mentioned; they&nbsp; were only registered last month. How dare you&nbsp;&nbsp; boast that you've developed a miracle cure&nbsp; for cancer? Isn't that utterly ridiculous?&nbsp; Upon hearing what the hospital leaders&nbsp; said, the patients and their families&nbsp;&nbsp; who had been watching the commotion&nbsp; began to discuss it amongst themselves.&nbsp; "You're right, we're a startup, but who says&nbsp; startups can't make groundbreaking inventions?"&nbsp; I'm putting this out there today: taking&nbsp; our medicine will reduce cancer cells by&nbsp;&nbsp; half within 12 hours and control lesions&nbsp; within a benign range within 24 hours.&nbsp; Anyone willing to volunteer, please find my staff&nbsp; to fill out a form and collect your medication. Chapter 110 Validation of the&nbsp; Effectiveness of Anticancer Drugs&nbsp; The huge corridor fell silent instantly. Cancer cells halved in 12 hours, lesions turned&nbsp;&nbsp; benign in 24 hours? "Haha, that's no way to&nbsp;&nbsp; brag... Why don't you just say your medicine&nbsp; is a divine gift that can cure all diseases!"&nbsp; The hospital staff once again dismissed&nbsp; Fu Hao's outrageous remarks with disdain.&nbsp; "Young man, I'd like to volunteer." At this moment, an elderly man whose&nbsp;&nbsp; age was difficult to discern stepped&nbsp; forward with the help of his family.&nbsp; "Young man, the doctor diagnosed me with&nbsp; late-stage lung cancer with metastasis&nbsp;&nbsp; to multiple organs. I didn't have&nbsp; many days left to live anyway."&nbsp; Consider this support for the development&nbsp; of traditional Chinese medicine in China.&nbsp; After saying this, the old man seemed to&nbsp; have exhausted his last bit of strength.&nbsp;&nbsp; If his family hadn't been supporting him, he&nbsp; probably would have collapsed to the ground.&nbsp; Then, the same voice rang&nbsp; out again, "Count me in..."&nbsp; With these two individuals taking the lead, many&nbsp; late-stage cancer patients have also chosen to&nbsp;&nbsp; make a final stand for their chance at life. "I'll join too..."&nbsp; "Come on, let me fill out the&nbsp; college application form..."&nbsp; The hospital representative&nbsp;&nbsp; panicked and immediately issued a warning. "If you volunteer, you must complete the&nbsp;&nbsp; discharge procedures. If anything happens&nbsp; to you after taking their medication,&nbsp;&nbsp; our hospital will not be held responsible..." "Okay, let's complete the discharge procedures..."&nbsp; "Let's go, let's get discharged..." And so, at 9 p.m. last night, 112 cancer patients&nbsp; completed their discharge procedures and signed a&nbsp;&nbsp; clinical trial volunteer drug trial agreement&nbsp; with Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall.&nbsp; They took the anti-cancer medicine from&nbsp; Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall&nbsp;&nbsp; at 9:30 p.m. that night, and agreed to go to the&nbsp; 5A hospital they had visited before for cancer&nbsp;&nbsp; cell testing at 10 a.m. the next morning. Xiao Qiang finally met Fu Hao and others,&nbsp;&nbsp; as well as the 112 late-stage cancer patients and&nbsp; their families, outside the oncology laboratory&nbsp;&nbsp; of the 5A Hospital . "how's it going?"&nbsp; He didn't even have time to catch&nbsp; his breath before hurriedly asking&nbsp;&nbsp; Fu Hao about his current condition. "These 112 patients have completed&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer cell testing, and as per your request, we&nbsp; will cover the testing costs for the patients."&nbsp; The test results for these 112 patients&nbsp; should be available in about half an hour.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded, his heart filled&nbsp; with anticipation for the outcome&nbsp;&nbsp; of something more than ever before. Knowing whether this anti-cancer drug is&nbsp;&nbsp; effective is extremely important to Xiao Qiang! From a public perspective, this is the most&nbsp;&nbsp; crucial step for Huaxia Traditional&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Hall to become a&nbsp;&nbsp; world-class pharmaceutical company, and&nbsp; it contains enormous commercial benefits.&nbsp; On a personal level, his father, Xiao Jianguo, is&nbsp; also a potential cancer patient, and he must take&nbsp;&nbsp; precautions to prevent it from happening. After a long wait,&nbsp;&nbsp; the door to the laboratory creaked open. The 112 patients, who had previously looked&nbsp;&nbsp; tense and expectant, immediately perked up. The laboratory staff then distributed 112&nbsp;&nbsp; test reports to each patient. "Huh? Dad, the shadow of&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer cells in your lungs is gone..." Suddenly, a voice filled with surprise and&nbsp;&nbsp; joy rang out, "Quick, let me see..." "Mom, less than a third of the&nbsp;&nbsp; lesions in your stomach are left..." One after another, patients reported good&nbsp;&nbsp; news, such as a reduction in cancer cells, their&nbsp; complete disappearance, or a reduction in lesions.&nbsp; Cheers and tears of joy erupted from the crowd,&nbsp; because most of the 112 patients who signed up for&nbsp;&nbsp; the volunteer drug trial yesterday were late-stage&nbsp; patients who had given up all hope of survival.&nbsp; The current test results have undoubtedly given&nbsp; them an infinite desire to grow towards the sun.&nbsp; "Please be quiet, everyone. I'm a staff member&nbsp; from Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Clinic.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although everyone has received their test&nbsp; reports, and the results are positive,&nbsp;&nbsp; I suggest that you all go to the oncology&nbsp; department to see your previous attending&nbsp;&nbsp; physician and have them provide a professional&nbsp; interpretation of the test reports. Okay?"&nbsp; Upon hearing that they were from Huaxia&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Clinic, everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; was willing to listen to Xiao Qiang's advice, and&nbsp; they all rushed to the offices of the attending&nbsp;&nbsp; physicians with their test reports in hand. At this moment, in the office of Tang Guotao,&nbsp;&nbsp; the chief physician in charge of&nbsp; lung cancer treatment, he held the&nbsp;&nbsp; latest test results of eight patients. He had become quite familiar with these&nbsp;&nbsp; eight late-stage lung cancer patients&nbsp; after spending several days with them.&nbsp; "Dr. Tang, how are our test results?" "yes…"&nbsp; The eight patients were filled with anxiety,&nbsp; eager to confirm whether the number of cancer&nbsp;&nbsp; cells in their bodies had decreased and&nbsp; whether their condition had improved.&nbsp; "How is this possible? How could this be..." At this moment, Tang Guotao was shocked. He&nbsp;&nbsp; was an authoritative expert in lung cancer&nbsp; treatment, and these eight people had greatly&nbsp;&nbsp; extended their lives under his treatment, but he&nbsp; was ultimately unable to completely cure them.&nbsp; According to their previous diagnosis,&nbsp; the cancer cells in these eight people&nbsp;&nbsp; had spread to all their organs, and&nbsp; they were all on the verge of death.&nbsp; It should happen in the next few days! But now, more than half of the cancer&nbsp;&nbsp; cells in these eight people have disappeared, and&nbsp; one person's initial lesions have even shrunk.&nbsp; This is simply unbelievable! It completely&nbsp; exceeded Tang Guotao's understanding.&nbsp; "What's wrong, Dr. Tang? What's going on...?" The patient started asking questions again.&nbsp; "Your cancer cells have been significantly&nbsp; reduced. Compared with the recent pathology&nbsp;&nbsp; report, the number of cancer cells in your&nbsp; body has been reduced by at least half."&nbsp; You are no longer in any immediate danger… In an instant, deafening cheers&nbsp;&nbsp; erupted in Tang Guotao's office. The same scene was observed in&nbsp;&nbsp; the offices of other oncology departments. This information quickly spread throughout&nbsp;&nbsp; the entire oncology ward, causing a huge uproar. "Son, I regret it so much. I didn't go to the drug&nbsp;&nbsp; trial yesterday. You should go and inquire&nbsp; about that... what company was it again...&nbsp;&nbsp; By the way... when will Huaxia Traditional&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Clinic's drug be available..."&nbsp; Such sighs of regret filled every oncology ward. But stimulated by this news, these cancer&nbsp;&nbsp; patients seemed to be reborn. They were&nbsp; no longer pessimistic and instead showed&nbsp;&nbsp; great improvement in their spirit and energy. "Son, go buy Mom some food. I'm determined to&nbsp;&nbsp; hold on until this medicine is available..." "Daughter, come with Dad to exercise downstairs&nbsp;&nbsp; tomorrow. The miracle drug is about to hit the&nbsp; market; I can't afford to collapse prematurely..."&nbsp; "Honey, let's reschedule our son's wedding.&nbsp; There's no need to rush things because of me.&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't think I can get married anytime soon..." Xiao Qiang and Fu Hao also learned of&nbsp; this information immediately and were&nbsp;&nbsp; well aware of the true efficacy of the drug. "Fu Hao, expedite the construction of the&nbsp;&nbsp; first phase of the Xishan Province Huaxia&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall Industrial&nbsp;&nbsp; Park. At the same time, send this drug to the Drug&nbsp; Administration for larger-scale clinical trials,&nbsp;&nbsp; and strive to start production as soon as&nbsp; the drug production license is issued."&nbsp; The most urgent tasks are to recruit management&nbsp; personnel, train staff, and stockpile large&nbsp;&nbsp; quantities of relevant Chinese medicinal herbs. Upon returning to Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Clinic, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; immediately made work arrangements.&nbsp; Fu Hao nodded solemnly, his blood&nbsp; boiling and his fighting spirit soaring. Chapter 111 CCVV TV Interview Among the volunteers who voluntarily participated&nbsp;&nbsp; in the drug trial, two patients' children&nbsp; worked at Yanjing TV and CCVV TV, respectively.&nbsp; Therefore, out of their media sensitivity,&nbsp; and also to express their gratitude to&nbsp;&nbsp; the pharmaceutical company for saving&nbsp; their lives, they immediately reported&nbsp;&nbsp; the matter to their superiors. The two top television stations&nbsp;&nbsp; in China immediately dispatched&nbsp; interview teams to Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; When Fu Hao and Xiao Qiang heard that the&nbsp;&nbsp; media wanted to interview them, they looked&nbsp; at each other and their faces lit up with joy.&nbsp; This is a golden opportunity! With the promotion from these two top&nbsp;&nbsp; media outlets, the name Huaxia TCM Hall will soon&nbsp; enter thousands of households and become a highly&nbsp;&nbsp; sought-after star pharmaceutical company. Inside the meeting room!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, Fu Hao, Dong Mingxing,&nbsp; and Hao Niubi were all dressed&nbsp;&nbsp; in suits and sat upright together. Meanwhile, on the other side of the desk,&nbsp;&nbsp; the interview teams from Yanjing TV and&nbsp; CCVV TV had already set up their cameras.&nbsp; Reporters from both television stations indicated&nbsp; that they were ready to record the interview.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, hello. First of all, could&nbsp; you please introduce your team?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang cleared his throat. "Thank you to CCTV and Beijing TV&nbsp;&nbsp; for their attention and for taking the&nbsp; time to come to our Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Pharmaceutical Company." The four of us are the co-founders of the company,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we are also freshmen at Yenching University. My name is Xiao Qiang, and I'm temporarily serving&nbsp;&nbsp; as the company's general manager. This is Fu Hao,&nbsp; the operations director; this is Dong Mingxing,&nbsp;&nbsp; the human resources and finance director; and&nbsp; this is Hao Niubi, the purchasing director!&nbsp; CCVV TV: "We heard that your company was&nbsp; established less than a month ago? Is that true?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded, "You're&nbsp; right, today also happens to&nbsp;&nbsp; be our company's one-month anniversary!" CCVV TV: "Congratulations to the four&nbsp;&nbsp; of you. We've heard that your company&nbsp; has just successfully developed a new,&nbsp;&nbsp; universally applicable anti-cancer drug,&nbsp; and it has shown very significant efficacy&nbsp;&nbsp; in a small-scale clinical trial. Would&nbsp; you be willing to share some details?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang gave a subtle hint to Fu Hao, who was&nbsp; standing next to him, and Fu Hao was taken aback.&nbsp; He naturally understood Xiao Qiang's meaning; this&nbsp; was an opportunity for him to gain experience.&nbsp;&nbsp; However, he was indeed a little nervous about&nbsp; being interviewed for the first time in front&nbsp;&nbsp; of such a prestigious media platform. But he was a man of some knowledge,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he straightened his posture slightly. "Next, I will introduce the efficacy of our&nbsp;&nbsp; drug in a small-scale clinical trial." We have a total of 112 volunteers&nbsp;&nbsp; with advanced cancer this time. Twelve hours after medication, when&nbsp;&nbsp; patients underwent cancer cell count testing, 100%&nbsp; of patients had their cancer cell count halved,&nbsp;&nbsp; 30% had a sharp decrease of 70%, and 5% had&nbsp; virtually no cancer cells with benign lesions.&nbsp; Beijing TV: "Let me interject here. My mother has&nbsp; pancreatic cancer, the king of cancers. The doctor&nbsp;&nbsp; had already issued a critical condition notice,&nbsp; but after taking your company's anti-cancer&nbsp;&nbsp; drug yesterday, today's test showed that the&nbsp; cancer cells have been reduced by half, and the&nbsp;&nbsp; lesions have shrunk. The doctor said that there&nbsp; will be no danger to her life within a year."&nbsp; Mr. Xiao, Mr. Fu, thank you so much! CCVV TV: "My father has late-stage liver&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer and was one of your 112 volunteers&nbsp; last night. Now, the number of cancer cells&nbsp;&nbsp; detected has decreased by 50%. It is your&nbsp; company that has given him a second life."&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, Mr. Fu, thank you both!" At this moment, Xiao Qiang, Fu Hao,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the other three were extremely relieved.&nbsp; They all knew the enormous damage that cancer,&nbsp;&nbsp; a terminal illness, could cause to the&nbsp; lives of patients and their families.&nbsp; It would not be an exaggeration to describe it&nbsp; as a tragedy of family destruction and death.&nbsp; Many families that were once happy and harmonious&nbsp; have lost their happiness and harmony and their&nbsp;&nbsp; lives have been shrouded in shadow after a&nbsp; member of the family is diagnosed with cancer.&nbsp; Selling houses and cars, and borrowing&nbsp; money for treatment, can only prolong&nbsp;&nbsp; a patient's life to a certain extent. These patients often live in pain from then&nbsp;&nbsp; on. The endless chemotherapy and radiotherapy&nbsp; are like a double-edged sword that kills&nbsp;&nbsp; eight hundred enemies but also hurts a thousand of&nbsp; their own, making the patients weaker and weaker.&nbsp;&nbsp; Many patients who weighed 130 or 140 pounds&nbsp; were reduced to only 70 or 80 pounds in&nbsp;&nbsp; less than half a year, becoming skin and bones! The successful development of their drug will save&nbsp;&nbsp; countless lives and rescue countless families from&nbsp; the brink of collapse. What a great deed that is!&nbsp; Just then, the long-lost system reward&nbsp; sound rang in Xiao Qiang's mind once again.&nbsp; "Ding! The dog system has detected that&nbsp; the anti-cancer drug developed under&nbsp;&nbsp; the leadership of host Xiao Qiang will&nbsp; save millions of lives in the future."&nbsp; The system will reward you with a&nbsp; global database of stock markets,&nbsp;&nbsp; foreign exchange markets, futures markets,&nbsp; and commodities for the next 5 years.&nbsp; "We hope that after you use this information&nbsp; to make money, you can benefit the world and&nbsp;&nbsp; bring prosperity to the community!" Xiao Qiang was so excited he almost&nbsp;&nbsp; jumped up on the spot, but he managed&nbsp; to suppress his surging emotions.&nbsp; With a one-year stock market database, and&nbsp; after only six months of use, he's already&nbsp;&nbsp; close to becoming the world's richest person. With so many databases piled up at once,&nbsp;&nbsp; and five-year ones at that, is he trying to&nbsp; make himself the richest man in the galaxy?&nbsp; The entire interview went extremely smoothly! Fu Hao, as the operations director,&nbsp;&nbsp; also revealed to two mainstream television&nbsp; stations that the anti-cancer drug is&nbsp;&nbsp; expected to be launched within the next month. That noon, Beijing TV was the first to broadcast&nbsp;&nbsp; the interview with Huaxia Traditional Chinese&nbsp; Medicine Clinic in its midday news; that evening,&nbsp;&nbsp; CCTV's News Broadcast also reported on the&nbsp; interview, and most importantly, CCTV's News&nbsp;&nbsp; Broadcast was simultaneously rebroadcast&nbsp; by various local TV stations across China.&nbsp; A concise 15-minute video instantly made the&nbsp; entire nation aware of this startup company&nbsp;&nbsp; that invented an effective anti-cancer drug. They were in a quaint, old-fashioned room.&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan is conducting a professional&nbsp; physical examination on the leader.&nbsp; CCTV's news broadcast is playing on TV. "Huh? Xiao Qiang?..."&nbsp; When Lin Haiyuan confirmed that the&nbsp; young man on TV was indeed Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; he couldn't help but exclaim in surprise. "Old Lin, do you know this young man?&nbsp;&nbsp; Listen to what the news is about." "The commander is Xiao Qiang. He&nbsp;&nbsp; treated Okchin, and he also invented&nbsp; that Shenyang Kangtai Pill..."&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan's words were full of admiration. Upon hearing this, the leader smiled and nodded,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Excellent, fine sons of China!" As the news broadcast continued,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan looked on incredulously. This kid&nbsp; had actually developed a miracle drug for cancer?&nbsp; The leader next to him also looked very&nbsp; serious. The Chinese have invented an&nbsp;&nbsp; anti-cancer drug. Now, won't China&nbsp; become a global leader in this field?&nbsp; News broadcast has ended! The leader directly instructed his&nbsp;&nbsp; assistant to contact the State Drug Administration&nbsp; and gave important instructions: the anti-cancer&nbsp;&nbsp; drug from Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine&nbsp; Hall must undergo large-scale clinical drug&nbsp;&nbsp; testing in the shortest possible time, and&nbsp; if the efficacy meets expectations, a drug&nbsp;&nbsp; production license must be issued immediately. Guo Jiangbo, director of the China Food and&nbsp;&nbsp; Drug Administration, dared not neglect the two&nbsp; requirements set by the leader and personally&nbsp;&nbsp; took charge of supervising and promoting&nbsp; the clinical drug testing of this drug. Chapter 112 Practicing with a Smurf Account Almost at the same moment, Shi Zhanbin,&nbsp;&nbsp; the president and party&nbsp; secretary of Yenching University,&nbsp;&nbsp; also watched today's news broadcast&nbsp; with a look of shock on his face.&nbsp; "Damn, what a genius! He's only been in business&nbsp; for less than a month and he's already developed&nbsp;&nbsp; a highly effective anti-cancer drug?" This is absolutely unbelievable!&nbsp; Yenching University has&nbsp; really struck gold this year!&nbsp; He may have forgotten that a few days&nbsp; ago, when the military leaders asked&nbsp;&nbsp; him to temporarily transfer Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; he had also expressed the same sentiment.&nbsp; Meanwhile, inside the conference room of&nbsp; Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang is organizing an emergency meeting. "As you all saw, in today's CCTV News Broadcast,&nbsp;&nbsp; our Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall's&nbsp; medicine has completely entered the ears of&nbsp;&nbsp; thousands of households in China." Following closely behind, hospitals&nbsp;&nbsp; and pharmaceutical distributors will&nbsp; inevitably arrive one after another.&nbsp; Moreover, I have received information&nbsp; that the higher-ups have ordered the State&nbsp;&nbsp; Drug Administration to complete large-scale&nbsp; clinical drug testing as quickly as possible.&nbsp; I believe that with the intervention of the&nbsp; top leader, the issuance of drug production&nbsp;&nbsp; licenses will be significantly accelerated. Therefore, whether we can start production&nbsp;&nbsp; on the same day the permit is issued will be a&nbsp; significant test of the construction progress&nbsp;&nbsp; of our Xishan Provincial Traditional&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Hall Industrial Park.&nbsp; As he said this, Xiao Qiang's gaze swept&nbsp; across the three men's faces one by one.&nbsp; Fu Hao: "I will immediately set off to the&nbsp; construction site of the Xishan Provincial&nbsp;&nbsp; Industrial Park to urge the construction team&nbsp; to work in three shifts to complete the first&nbsp;&nbsp; phase of construction as quickly as possible&nbsp; while ensuring the quality of the project."&nbsp; Dong Mingxing: "I also immediately&nbsp; contacted Jinshi City, Shanxi Province,&nbsp;&nbsp; and made advance contact with departments such as&nbsp; quality inspection and taxation. At the same time,&nbsp;&nbsp; I completed the recruitment and pre-job training&nbsp; of all 5,600 employees in various positions."&nbsp; Hao Niubi: "I have contacted major Chinese&nbsp; medicinal herb producers to prepare goods in&nbsp;&nbsp; advance. Once the warehouse in Jinshi Industrial&nbsp; Park is completed, the Chinese medicinal&nbsp;&nbsp; herbs involved can be stored in advance." Xiao Qiang nodded in satisfaction. "Brothers, once&nbsp;&nbsp; our company's Shenyang Kangtai Pills, Bingji Yuyan&nbsp; Cream, and anti-cancer drugs are fully launched on&nbsp;&nbsp; the market, have you ever thought about how much&nbsp; profit Huaxia TCM Clinic will make in a year?"&nbsp; The three shook their heads. They had been eating&nbsp; instant noodles and staying up late these past&nbsp;&nbsp; few days; they hadn't had time to dream. "In the coming year, even if production&nbsp;&nbsp; capacity cannot be fully utilized,&nbsp; Huaxia TCM Hall's annual profit is&nbsp;&nbsp; conservatively estimated at 50-80 billion yuan." Based on each of you holding 5% of the shares,&nbsp;&nbsp; calculate how much dividend you can receive. After saying that, Xiao Qiang looked&nbsp;&nbsp; at the three of them with a smile. Niu Bi swallowed hard. "2.5 billion???"&nbsp; "Cough...cough...sorry, this&nbsp; melon is too big, I choked..."&nbsp; Everyone burst into laughter! "That's right, it's 2.5 billion,&nbsp;&nbsp; and as our production capacity expands, the&nbsp; annual dividend amount will only increase!"&nbsp; The three of them stared blankly at Xiao&nbsp; Qiang, each with a silly grin on their face!&nbsp; "When the time comes, we'll go to Japan together&nbsp; and we can ruin any kind of girl we want."&nbsp; Isn't this much better than practicing five-on-one&nbsp; fighting by watching Japanese martial arts movies?&nbsp; Xiao Qiang understood deeply that money and women&nbsp; were the keys to maximizing a man's potential.&nbsp; The words had barely left his mouth. Hao Niubi had already gotten&nbsp;&nbsp; up and was walking outside. "Where are you going, Niu Bi?"&nbsp; "I'll go and urge the Chinese medicinal herb&nbsp; suppliers to see how their stock is going!"&nbsp; Everyone smiled knowingly,&nbsp; and Fu Hao and the celebrity&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately went to get back to their work. In their eyes, there is no day or night,&nbsp;&nbsp; only work! Night fell, and a gentle breeze blew! Liu Qingtian and Feng Ruolan had just&nbsp;&nbsp; finished watching the evening news. "No, I have to call my daughter right&nbsp;&nbsp; away. Xiao Qiang is so outstanding, I&nbsp; can't let Qingyuan miss out on him..."&nbsp; "Wait a minute, this is the age when&nbsp; children should be studying. You're&nbsp;&nbsp; telling your daughter to date? That's ridiculous!" “Studying is one thing, but why can’t I date?”&nbsp; Besides, it was about this size when&nbsp; you took me to a hotel back then…”&nbsp; "Ahem, why...why are you bringing this up..." Liu Qingyuan, who was studying in the library,&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly received a phone call&nbsp; from her mother, Feng Ruolan.&nbsp; "Hello, Mom, is there something&nbsp; you need on the phone?"&nbsp; "It's nothing important, I just&nbsp; wanted to ask how things are&nbsp;&nbsp; going between you and Xiao Qiang lately?" Upon hearing her mother mention Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan immediately pictured Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's serious yet carefree demeanor.&nbsp; "We're just classmates, what could&nbsp; possibly happen between us..."&nbsp; "My dear daughter, as the saying goes, no one&nbsp; knows a son better than his father, and no one&nbsp;&nbsp; knows a daughter better than her mother." On your birthday that day, Mom could&nbsp;&nbsp; tell that you liked Xiao Qiang, right? If you like a great boy, you should go for it.&nbsp; If all else fails, a shotgun&nbsp; wedding is the ultimate solution…&nbsp; Liu Qingtian, standing nearby, was&nbsp; startled and tried to snatch the phone,&nbsp;&nbsp; saying, "How can you be such a mother?&nbsp; What kind of child are you teaching..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was stunned by her mother's&nbsp; outrageous words and immediately retorted&nbsp;&nbsp; coquettishly, "Mom, what are you saying? What&nbsp; do you mean by shotgun wedding... Okay, I'm not&nbsp;&nbsp; talking to you anymore, I still need to study..." "Hello, hello..."&nbsp; "That brat, it's all your fault for spoiling&nbsp; her, she even dared to hang up on me..."&nbsp; "Alright, honey, it's all my fault. Come on, let's&nbsp; go inside and take care of something else..."&nbsp; "What's up?" "While the effects of the Kidney Yang Health&nbsp;&nbsp; Pills are still wearing off, why don't&nbsp; we work hard and create a new account..."&nbsp; After hanging up the phone, Liu Qingyuan&nbsp;&nbsp; could no longer concentrate on her studies. Last time, I hinted to Xiao Qiang to confess&nbsp;&nbsp; to the girl he liked again,&nbsp; but several days have passed&nbsp;&nbsp; and that wretched guy hasn't made a move at all. Open QQ and open the chat window with Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; "What are you doing? Have you been busy lately?" After sending the message, Liu Qingyuan pouted,&nbsp;&nbsp; "That wretched cockroach,&nbsp; that stinky cockroach..."&nbsp; Meanwhile, Xiao Qiang, in the general&nbsp; manager's office of Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Clinic, was browsing the news. Upon seeing the little penguin suddenly start&nbsp;&nbsp; jumping, Xiao Qiang immediately clicked on it. He looked at Liu Qingyuan's profile picture,&nbsp;&nbsp; a smile playing on his lips. "Qingyuan, you've been really&nbsp;&nbsp; busy lately. What's wrong? Missing me?" Liu Qingyuan was the quintessential&nbsp;&nbsp; "other people's child" from elementary&nbsp; school through middle and high school,&nbsp;&nbsp; focusing solely on her studies and ignoring&nbsp; the constant stream of suitors around her.&nbsp; At this moment, Liu Qingyuan's emotional&nbsp; world was as pure as a blank sheet of paper.&nbsp; Every time she encountered Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; extremely ambiguous conversations,&nbsp;&nbsp; she would feel shy and unsure of how to respond. At this moment, Liu Qingyuan's hands hovered&nbsp;&nbsp; over the keyboard for a long time,&nbsp; without uttering a single word.&nbsp; "Are you shy and don't know how to answer?" Xiao Qiang was very familiar with Liu Qingyuan's&nbsp;&nbsp; habits and knew that she was probably&nbsp; blushing and at a loss for what to do.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan curled her lips into a smile,&nbsp; "Do you think you can read my mind?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang immediately started typing furiously on&nbsp; the keyboard, "Then would you be willing to let me&nbsp;&nbsp; be the mind reader in your heart?" There was another moment&nbsp;&nbsp; of silence on the other end. Liu Qingyuan was extremely frustrated.&nbsp;&nbsp; "You always flirt with me on QQ. I even hinted at&nbsp; it that day, but you didn't do anything about it."&nbsp; After spending so many days together, Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan felt a mixture of anticipation&nbsp;&nbsp; and fear regarding the ambiguous&nbsp; relationship between her and Xiao Qiang. Chapter 113 Global Health Expo Xiao Qiang certainly remembered the hints&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan gave him at her house that day. The&nbsp; reason he remained inactive and always pretended&nbsp;&nbsp; to be stupid at crucial moments was because he&nbsp; already had a grand and important plan in mind.&nbsp; Seeing that the other party had not&nbsp; replied for a long time, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; continued to browse the web while waiting. Soon a news item caught his attention.&nbsp; The first Global Big Health Expo will be&nbsp; held in Los Angeles, USA on November 15th.&nbsp;&nbsp; Major innovative drug R&D companies from around&nbsp; the world will participate, and 45 newly developed&nbsp;&nbsp; drugs will be showcased for the first time. Xiao Qiang frowned slightly. "Less than a&nbsp;&nbsp; month? Time is indeed tight..." After saying that, he took out&nbsp;&nbsp; his phone and dialed a number. A moment later, a voice came from&nbsp;&nbsp; the other end of the phone, "My dear Xiao,&nbsp; it's rare that you still remember me..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang shuddered. "Jeffers, watch&nbsp; your wording. It's too ambiguous..."&nbsp; Jeffers burst into laughter instantly, "You&nbsp; Chinese people have absolutely no sense of humor!"&nbsp; By the way, tell the factory in Zhengzhou&nbsp; to speed up production. The first batch&nbsp;&nbsp; of 2 million Shenyang Kangtai pills has&nbsp; already sold out. If you can't produce them,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll lose more than 50 million US dollars a day…” Xiao Qiang was stunned. The wholesale price of&nbsp;&nbsp; ordinary Shenyang Kangtai Pills had reached $60&nbsp; per pill. With a daily production of 700,000&nbsp;&nbsp; pills, the profit from selling this stuff&nbsp; overseas was actually more than his own.&nbsp; This made Xiao Qiang feel annoyed;&nbsp; he had sold it too cheaply!&nbsp; The next step is to raise prices,&nbsp; yes, we absolutely must raise prices!&nbsp; "Jeffers, you know about the first-ever&nbsp; global health expo being held in Los&nbsp;&nbsp; Angeles on the 15th of next month, right?" Jeffers was taken aback. "I know! Our family&nbsp;&nbsp; is one of the organizers!" While Xiao Qiang was stunned,&nbsp;&nbsp; he also gained a deeper understanding of the Luo&nbsp; family's strength; they were truly ubiquitous.&nbsp; "Isn't your Luo family involved in&nbsp; finance? How come you have such a&nbsp;&nbsp; big influence in the medical field?" Jeffers laughed smugly, “Haha, Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; medicine is just the least important&nbsp; part of our Rothschild family business.”&nbsp; However, this whole area is&nbsp; controlled by my older brother!&nbsp; At this point, Jeffers' expression turned somber. Xiao Qiang, however, keenly picked up on this from&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeffers' voice: "Hey, Jeffers, what's the name&nbsp; of the medical company your brother controls,&nbsp;&nbsp; and what does it do?" "The major shareholder&nbsp;&nbsp; of both Merton and Libre is Rivers." "What? Merconza and Librium? They're among&nbsp;&nbsp; the top ten global innovative pharmaceutical&nbsp; companies, making anti-cancer drugs?"&nbsp; "Yeah, why are you so surprised?" Xiao Qiang was truly speechless&nbsp;&nbsp; at the Rothschild family's arrogance. The seemingly insignificant healthcare&nbsp;&nbsp; sector actually controls one of the&nbsp; world's top ten innovative drug companies.&nbsp; "Jeffers, how about I take care of your&nbsp; brother for you? Consider it a rehearsal?"&nbsp; Jeffers was taken aback. "What are you doing?" "My pharmaceutical company has developed a&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer-specific drug that can turn cancer, an&nbsp; incurable disease, into a chronic illness that&nbsp;&nbsp; accompanies people throughout their lives, just&nbsp; like high blood sugar and high blood pressure,&nbsp;&nbsp; and will not threaten the patient's life." I intend to use this global health expo&nbsp;&nbsp; to completely shatter the Western world's&nbsp; dominance in the field of innovative drugs.&nbsp; Jeffers was startled. Although he didn't follow&nbsp; the pharmaceutical industry closely, he knew that&nbsp;&nbsp; the world's top ten innovative pharmaceutical&nbsp; companies mainly focused on cancer treatment.&nbsp; The family-owned Merconza and&nbsp; Library Pharmaceuticals derive&nbsp;&nbsp; 85% of their revenue from anti-cancer drugs. The competitive advantage of these leading&nbsp;&nbsp; international innovative pharmaceutical companies&nbsp; is simply that their products can extend patients'&nbsp;&nbsp; lifespan to a greater extent, while a complete&nbsp; cure is an extremely low probability event.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said that the drug developed by&nbsp; their company could actually turn this terminal&nbsp;&nbsp; illness into a chronic disease that&nbsp; does not threaten the patient's life.&nbsp; "Wow! Dear Xiao, if what you said is true,&nbsp; then you will be the coolest guy in the world!"&nbsp; Xiao, that suggestion you just&nbsp; made is so appealing! I really&nbsp;&nbsp; want to see Rivers' disgusted reaction. Besides, I'm your best partner now.&nbsp;&nbsp; You absolutely must give me the overseas&nbsp; distribution rights for this drug. As for&nbsp;&nbsp; the price, you name your price, how about it?" Xiao Qiang smiled with satisfaction. Of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; he couldn't possibly go through all the&nbsp; trouble of personally establishing channels&nbsp;&nbsp; overseas. With Jeffers as a ready-made channel&nbsp; provider, he could save a lot of time and costs.&nbsp; "Haha, Jeffers, it seems you've tasted&nbsp; the sweetness of working with me."&nbsp; No problem. I will contact you to&nbsp; discuss cooperation once the production&nbsp;&nbsp; capacity of this drug is up and running. However, there's something I need your help with.&nbsp;&nbsp; Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Clinic&nbsp; hasn't yet obtained the qualification to&nbsp;&nbsp; participate in this year's Big Health Expo. "Xiao, you've come to the right person.&nbsp;&nbsp; Don't worry, I'll get you the qualification to&nbsp; participate in the exhibition within three days."&nbsp; "Thank you so much, Jeffers." After hanging up the phone,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang saw the little penguin on his computer&nbsp; desktop start jumping again. He was about to&nbsp;&nbsp; click on it when the phone rang again. Upon seeing the caller ID, he immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; pressed the answer button. "Sir, good evening. Is&nbsp; there any instruction you need calling so late?"&nbsp; The caller was none other than Chen&nbsp; Weiguo, a high-ranking military official.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, looks like I didn't disturb your sleep&nbsp; this time. I was prepared to be scolded by you..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang felt awkward. You're such a big shot,&nbsp;&nbsp; do you really hold grudges? "Alright, don't be nervous,&nbsp;&nbsp; I was just teasing you." Getting down to business, all the training&nbsp;&nbsp; personnel from the military headquarters have&nbsp; been stationed at the Yanjing Military Region.&nbsp; You can bring your men to the military&nbsp; region tomorrow to begin intensive training.&nbsp; "No problem, sir!" "Then I'll send someone&nbsp;&nbsp; to pick you up tomorrow. I'll leave your&nbsp; phone number with them after I'm done."&nbsp; The day after Xiao Qiang returned to Yanjing&nbsp; from Mianbei, 58 retired special forces members&nbsp;&nbsp; who had served under Su Rui set off for&nbsp; Mianbei from various cities across China.&nbsp; After they arrived at the Red Turban&nbsp; Army's camp, Su Rui arranged for people&nbsp;&nbsp; to escort Yue Fei and the others to&nbsp; the border before returning to Yanjing.&nbsp; After receiving Chen Weiguo's call, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang contacted Yue Fei and the others&nbsp;&nbsp; to prepare for their outing the next day. After being busy for so long, I completely&nbsp;&nbsp; forgot to reply to Liu Qingyuan. In the chat box between the two,&nbsp; "I do!"&nbsp; These three words stood there all alone&nbsp; until Liu Qingyuan's portrait turned gray.&nbsp; Since Yue Fei and his entourage&nbsp; stayed at the Summer Palace Villa,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang also returned there that evening. On the stock trading side, Li Le and Zhang&nbsp;&nbsp; Kun were leading more than 20 traders in&nbsp; a frenzy of buying stocks to repay the&nbsp;&nbsp; stocks they had borrowed from the&nbsp; brokerage firm for short selling.&nbsp; The high-frequency trading has been&nbsp; going on for five nights, but only&nbsp;&nbsp; 20% of the stock quota has been returned. Seeing everyone so focused on their work,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang only glanced at them&nbsp; from the doorway before leaving.&nbsp; In Li Muyao's Four Seasons boudoir, the two had&nbsp; a very deep conversation that lasted all night. Chapter 114 Intentionally Provoking Hatred On the same night, Fan Zhengyang, in his dormitory&nbsp;&nbsp; at Yenching University, was restless. Why?&nbsp; The top assassin team that I invited&nbsp; at great expense, sent by the world's&nbsp;&nbsp; number one assassin group, has gone missing? "They call themselves number one in the world,&nbsp;&nbsp; yet they're so untrustworthy?&nbsp; Are they trying to rip me off?"&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang was furious. He made&nbsp; up his mind to file a complaint.&nbsp; Under the cover of night, he went to a deserted&nbsp; corner of the campus, took out a new SIM card, and&nbsp;&nbsp; dialed the Shadow Hunter customer service number. This customer service number cannot be&nbsp;&nbsp; found online. It will only be&nbsp; provided to the task assigner&nbsp;&nbsp; after an order is placed through the dark web. "Hello, I am the agent who assigned the mission,&nbsp;&nbsp; mission number 164345189. I am currently&nbsp; unable to contact your squad leader, Lucas."&nbsp; I suspect he embezzled the mission bounty,&nbsp; and I expect a satisfactory answer from you!&nbsp; "Sir, please wait a moment while I&nbsp; look into it and see what happened..."&nbsp; "I apologize for keeping you waiting, sir.&nbsp; I've spoken with the task force; Lucas's&nbsp;&nbsp; team encountered an unexpected situation and was&nbsp; captured by your Chinese National Security team."&nbsp; "What? Arrested by the National Security Bureau?" Fan Zhengyang is a rich third-generation&nbsp; heir with little cunning. When he heard&nbsp;&nbsp; that the National Security Bureau was&nbsp; involved, he immediately became terrified.&nbsp; I hung up the phone immediately and&nbsp; threw the SIM card into the trash can.&nbsp; Then, looking uneasy, he&nbsp; walked towards the dormitory.&nbsp; Early the next morning,&nbsp;&nbsp; three military vehicles of Huaxia's self-developed&nbsp; brand quietly parked outside the solemn and&nbsp;&nbsp; majestic gate of the Summer Palace Villa. Five minutes later, Xiao Qiang and Yue Fei, along&nbsp;&nbsp; with eleven others, boarded the three&nbsp; military vehicles and headed towards&nbsp;&nbsp; a military base on the outskirts of Yanjing. Military vehicles slowly drove into the barracks,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the resounding military songs echoed&nbsp; throughout the camp with an irresistible momentum.&nbsp; Deep within the military camp,&nbsp; in a vast field training area.&nbsp; The first batch of 500 elite special operations&nbsp; soldiers participating in the special operations&nbsp;&nbsp; training stood there solemnly and motionless. They are the elite of the elite, handpicked&nbsp;&nbsp; from the special forces units of the&nbsp; Chinese army, navy, and air force.&nbsp; It can be said that they are the 500 strongest&nbsp; individual combatants in China, representing&nbsp;&nbsp; the pinnacle of China's combat power. These 500 people from various units&nbsp;&nbsp; were reorganized and formed into&nbsp; a temporary special training force&nbsp;&nbsp; codenamed "Huaxia Security Guard Regiment". At this moment, three military vehicles&nbsp;&nbsp; slowly drove into the training ground and&nbsp; stopped in front of the guidance platform.&nbsp; The commander in charge of this special&nbsp; training for the Huaxia Garrison Regiment&nbsp;&nbsp; was a colonel named Wu Bin, 35 years old, who&nbsp; was transferred from the Special Operations&nbsp;&nbsp; Room of the Military Headquarters. Upon seeing the military vehicle enter,&nbsp;&nbsp; Wu Bin quickly jogged forward. Looking at the&nbsp; twelve people dressed in plain clothes in front&nbsp;&nbsp; of him, he felt a little embarrassed. The military only informed him that&nbsp;&nbsp; the chief instructor for this special&nbsp; training was a man named Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; but then twelve people got out of the car. Perhaps it was a soldier's instinct,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he walked up to Yue Fei, whose military&nbsp; bearing was exceptionally evident, and saluted,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Excuse me, are you Mr. Xiao Qiang?" Yue Fei shook his head and looked at&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang beside him, "He is Xiao Qiang!" Wu Bin was immediately embarrassed. This young&nbsp;&nbsp; man, whom he had completely ignored, was actually&nbsp; the military supervisor for this training.&nbsp; Wu Bin was surprised and thought to himself,&nbsp;&nbsp; "So young? He looks like a student. Could he&nbsp; be the son of some high-ranking official who's&nbsp;&nbsp; here to get some experience?" Although he thought this way,&nbsp;&nbsp; he dared not say it aloud. These were all&nbsp; arrangements made by the military leaders,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he only needed to carry them out. Not knowing the other party's rank,&nbsp;&nbsp; Wu Bin first gave a military salute and&nbsp; addressed him in general terms, "Hello,&nbsp;&nbsp; Commander Xiao. I am Wu Bin, the commander of the&nbsp; Huaxia Garrison Regiment in charge of this special&nbsp;&nbsp; training. There are 500 people from the Huaxia&nbsp; Garrison Regiment participating in this special&nbsp;&nbsp; training, and all 500 are present." Please advise on how to conduct&nbsp;&nbsp; the special training! Xiao Qiang first returned&nbsp;&nbsp; a military salute, "Greetings, Commander&nbsp; Wu. Let me chat with you all for a bit!"&nbsp; Wu Bin was taken aback. "Let's chat?" What kind of tactic is this?&nbsp; However, you are a special training&nbsp; officer, so you have the final say.&nbsp; Then, he smiled slightly at Xiao&nbsp; Qiang and gestured for him to come in.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang walked straight to the&nbsp; 500-person formation and glanced at&nbsp;&nbsp; the faces of the first 50 people. He saw that familiar face;&nbsp;&nbsp; it was none other than Su Xinluo. As he glanced at her face, Xiao Qiang playfully&nbsp;&nbsp; raised his eyes, and Su Xinluo's pretty face&nbsp; instantly flushed as she watched him exchanging&nbsp;&nbsp; glances with her in such a serious setting. After scanning the room, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; stood in front of the microphone. "Hello, special operations elites&nbsp;&nbsp; of the three services. I am Xiao Qiang, who is&nbsp; in charge of this special operations training."&nbsp; He deliberately paused for 10&nbsp; seconds before speaking again,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I know what you're thinking right now." Are you thinking, "You're just a young kid,&nbsp;&nbsp; why are you our training supervisor?" Is that what you all think?&nbsp; The 500-strong special forces contingent&nbsp; remained silent; no one responded.&nbsp; "Can't everyone be a little&nbsp; less serious? Lighten up."&nbsp; Let me chat with you all. I'm a freshman&nbsp; in college, 18 years old this year,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I've never been in the military. The 500 people were even more curious now.&nbsp;&nbsp; Apart from Su Xinluo, the other special&nbsp; forces members were probably thinking,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You've never been to a military camp&nbsp; before, what are you going to train us for!"&nbsp; "You are the elite of the Chinese army,&nbsp; navy and air force, but there's nothing&nbsp;&nbsp; I can do. The fact that I'm standing&nbsp; here means I'm stronger than you."&nbsp; You may be very strong, but&nbsp; in my eyes, you are nothing.&nbsp; After speaking, Xiao Qiang paused again,&nbsp; watching the changes in the expressions&nbsp;&nbsp; on the faces of these elite soldiers. The group of elite soldiers were now&nbsp;&nbsp; looking at him with a fierce and menacing gaze. Su Xinlu seemed to understand Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; reason for doing this. Calm and admiring,&nbsp; she stared at him, thinking to herself,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Small in stature, but incredibly clever; all&nbsp; that 130 pounds of his body is cunning..."&nbsp; At this moment, Xiao Qiang spoke again. "To say that you are nothing is perhaps&nbsp;&nbsp; giving you too much credit." Let me think about how to say it!&nbsp; In my eyes, you are just...scum...scum. At this moment, the expressions of these&nbsp;&nbsp; elite soldiers had become extremely ugly, and they&nbsp; all wished they could devour Xiao Qiang alive.&nbsp; What are you, a college student, acting so&nbsp; arrogantly about? Aren't you just here to&nbsp;&nbsp; get your resume polished? If it weren't for&nbsp; the military supervisor watching over us,&nbsp;&nbsp; I would have beaten you to a pulp, so badly that&nbsp; even your own father wouldn't recognize you.&nbsp; "How about that? Aren't you happy?&nbsp; Don't you want to punch me...?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang continued to draw aggro. Seeing the angry but silent expressions&nbsp;&nbsp; of the crowd, he said, "You call yourselves the&nbsp; Kings of Chinese Soldiers? Aren't you ashamed?&nbsp;&nbsp; Is this what the Kings of Chinese Soldiers&nbsp; are like? Meek and subservient? Acting like&nbsp;&nbsp; grandsons? Letting people beat and scold you?" I urge you all to take off these uniforms&nbsp;&nbsp; and go home to grow sweet potatoes.&nbsp; You don't deserve these uniforms...&nbsp; "I'll give you one more chance,&nbsp; let's see if I'm happy."&nbsp; "accurate…" A unified response&nbsp;&nbsp; erupted from the special forces team. "Do I deserve a beating?"&nbsp; "I need a beating..." His actions stunned the colonel next to him. "Is&nbsp; there anyone who's going to provoke you like this?&nbsp;&nbsp; Aren't you afraid of getting ganged up on?" Why do you look so annoying? Chapter 115 The Explosive Popularity of Conterry "I'm giving you a chance. You'll be in groups of&nbsp;&nbsp; 20. Compete with me. If you lose, lower your proud&nbsp; heads and train seriously and diligently in the&nbsp;&nbsp; training sessions to come." "What if we win?"&nbsp; Yang Zhi, the captain of the Guangzhou&nbsp; Military Region Marine Corps, who was&nbsp;&nbsp; standing in the first row, asked indignantly. Xiao Qiang smiled knowingly, "If you win,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll be your human punching bag. You can&nbsp; hit me as much as you want and let you vent&nbsp;&nbsp; your anger, how about that?" The elite soldier nodded.&nbsp; Soon, the queue began to stir, with everyone&nbsp; making arrangements to participate in the&nbsp;&nbsp; challenge of the 20 selected individuals. "Major Su, would you be interested in forming a&nbsp;&nbsp; team with us to challenge this arrogant brat..." Su Xinlu smiled at Yang Zhiwan'er and politely&nbsp;&nbsp; declined, saying, "I won't participate.&nbsp; You men go first... I'll cheer you on..."&nbsp; Yang Zhi gave an awkward smile and&nbsp; then began to organize the others.&nbsp; A moment later, a challenge&nbsp; team of 20 people was formed.&nbsp; At Xiao Qiang's suggestion, the remaining&nbsp; 480 special forces members sat in a circle&nbsp;&nbsp; on the ground, while Xiao Qiang and the 20&nbsp; challengers stood in the center of the circle.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stood in the center of the arena, like&nbsp; a dormant volcano, ready to erupt with astonishing&nbsp;&nbsp; power at any moment. When the temporary referee&nbsp; Wu Bin gave the order, he charged towards the&nbsp;&nbsp; special forces soldiers like a wild horse. His movements were as fast as lightning,&nbsp;&nbsp; his punches were fierce, and each punch&nbsp; carried the sound of air being cut.&nbsp; Sometimes he would use the powerful moves of&nbsp; Bajiquan, throwing a punch that seemed to have the&nbsp;&nbsp; force of a thousand pounds, knocking the special&nbsp; forces soldier back several steps; other times he&nbsp;&nbsp; would use the moves of Taijiquan to gently receive&nbsp; the opponent's attack, and then cleverly reflect&nbsp;&nbsp; the force back, catching the opponent off guard. His figure moved through the crowd,&nbsp;&nbsp; each movement as elusive as a ghost. Sometimes he leaps up, pouncing on his&nbsp;&nbsp; opponent like an eagle hunting a rabbit;&nbsp; other times he stays close to the ground,&nbsp;&nbsp; bursting out from under the enemy's feet&nbsp; like a dragon emerging from the sea.&nbsp; His movements were fluid and continuous,&nbsp; combining both fierce and powerful exchanges&nbsp;&nbsp; with delicate and effortless techniques. Although the special forces soldiers were&nbsp;&nbsp; well-trained and battle-hardened, they were like&nbsp; leaves swept by a storm in front of Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; unable to withstand his offensive. These elite special forces soldiers,&nbsp;&nbsp; proud to the core, were sent flying one&nbsp; after another like kites with broken strings.&nbsp; In just three minutes, Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; as if possessed by a god of war,&nbsp;&nbsp; used his unstoppable and astonishing strength&nbsp; to knock down all 20 special forces soldiers.&nbsp; Everyone present was petrified! The 480 special forces soldiers&nbsp;&nbsp; stared in disbelief at Xiao Qiang, who stood&nbsp; tall and proud in the center of the field!&nbsp; Are these guys even human? Those 20&nbsp; were handpicked from among 500 elite&nbsp;&nbsp; special forces soldiers, yet they were&nbsp; utterly powerless against Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Wu Bin, who was temporarily appointed as the&nbsp; commander of the Huaxia Garrison Regiment,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Yue Fei and others were equally shocked. Yue Fei and his ten generals were top-notch&nbsp;&nbsp; fighters, but they believed that&nbsp; they could not defeat these 20&nbsp;&nbsp; special forces soldiers by themselves. "I didn't realize Xiao Qiang was so strong?"&nbsp; Yang Zaixing stared blankly at Xiao Qiang in the&nbsp; center of the field and exclaimed in amazement!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stood in the&nbsp;&nbsp; center of the field, striking what he thought&nbsp; was a cool pose. "Am I right? Aren't you guys&nbsp;&nbsp; really noobs? You couldn't even last 3 minutes!" This time, no one objected to Xiao Qiang's words,&nbsp;&nbsp; which were not very hurtful but extremely&nbsp; insulting, because in front of Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; they were indeed utterly incompetent. "It seems you've all admitted it."&nbsp; It's good that you admit it. I hope that&nbsp; in the upcoming training, you will adopt&nbsp;&nbsp; the attitude of elementary school students and&nbsp; participate in the training with a humble heart.&nbsp; I can't guarantee what level you'll&nbsp; reach, but I can guarantee that after&nbsp;&nbsp; the training you will be stronger than&nbsp; you are now, perhaps even much stronger.&nbsp; As soon as Xiao Qiang finished speaking,&nbsp; the special forces soldiers around him&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately burst into thunderous&nbsp; applause and deafening cheers.&nbsp; After that show of force, these once unruly&nbsp; elite soldiers became as docile as lambs.&nbsp; He obeyed Xiao Qiang's orders without question. Under Xiao Qiang's instructions, the 500-strong&nbsp;&nbsp; special operations team was divided&nbsp; into 10 groups, with Yue Fei's ten&nbsp;&nbsp; tiger generals serving as the group leaders. Yue Fei became the second instructor for this&nbsp;&nbsp; special training, and he was in full&nbsp; charge when Xiao Qiang was not around.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang only gave everyone a&nbsp; one-and-a-half-hour training session each&nbsp;&nbsp; morning and afternoon, and the rest of the time&nbsp; Yue Fei and the squad leaders helped them digest&nbsp;&nbsp; and absorb the kung fu they had learned. The first day of training began with the&nbsp;&nbsp; instruction of Taizu Changquan (a&nbsp; style of Chinese martial arts).&nbsp; The military boxing of China today evolved from&nbsp; a castrated version of Taizu Changquan combined&nbsp;&nbsp; with other boxing styles. These elite soldiers are&nbsp; all learning every move with utmost seriousness.&nbsp; The same was true for Yue Fei and&nbsp; others. They lived in the Song Dynasty,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Emperor Taizu of Song, Zhao Kuangyin, taught&nbsp; Taizu Changquan (Emperor Taizu's Long Fist),&nbsp;&nbsp; which was almost a required combat skill. However,&nbsp; what they learned was a emasculated version.&nbsp; Now, seeing the authentic Taizu&nbsp; Changquan (a style of martial arts),&nbsp;&nbsp; I learn it even more diligently than&nbsp; those modern-day elite soldiers.&nbsp; From the day after CCTV broadcast&nbsp;&nbsp; the miraculous effects of Huaxia TCM Hospital's&nbsp; anti-cancer drugs, Huaxia TCM Hospital's eight&nbsp;&nbsp; customer service hotlines were constantly busy,&nbsp; and Fu Hao urgently added 50 more hotlines.&nbsp; Even so, all 58 hotlines continued to&nbsp; operate at full capacity around the clock.&nbsp; Most of the calls came from tens of&nbsp; thousands of branded pharmacies across&nbsp;&nbsp; the country, which have drug chain operation&nbsp; qualifications in their respective cities.&nbsp; Huaxia TCM Hospital's official statement&nbsp; is that the current production capacity&nbsp;&nbsp; of this anti-cancer drug is insufficient,&nbsp; and the supply order will be determined&nbsp;&nbsp; according to the order of contract signing, and&nbsp; payment is required in advance before delivery.&nbsp; According to Xiao Qiang's suggestion,&nbsp; "Kang Tai Rui" is divided into emergency&nbsp;&nbsp; and routine maintenance versions. The emergency treatment is similar to&nbsp;&nbsp; clinical drug testing. A box contains 5 tablets.&nbsp; After a single dose, it can reduce cancer cells&nbsp;&nbsp; by half within 12 hours and control tumor&nbsp; lesions within a benign range within 24 hours,&nbsp;&nbsp; enabling the tumor to coexist with the body and&nbsp; making cancer a chronic disease that is not fatal.&nbsp; After the emergency treatment helps the patient&nbsp; escape danger, the daily maintenance treatment&nbsp;&nbsp; will be needed for a long period of time. The wholesale price of "Kangtairui" for&nbsp;&nbsp; emergency use is 20,000 yuan per box, and the&nbsp; suggested retail price is 28,000 yuan per box.&nbsp; The daily maintenance version comes in a&nbsp; box of 30 tablets, with a wholesale price&nbsp;&nbsp; of 100 yuan per box, one tablet per day, and&nbsp; a suggested retail price of 200 yuan per box.&nbsp; A 5-pack costs 28,000 yuan, which seems&nbsp; expensive. But compared to the current&nbsp;&nbsp; situation in Western medicine where surgery,&nbsp; radiotherapy, and chemotherapy cost tens&nbsp;&nbsp; or hundreds of thousands of yuan, only to&nbsp; extend life by a few years, 20,000 yuan can&nbsp;&nbsp; completely save a life. It's incredibly cheap. Furthermore, Huaxia TCM Hall has mandated that&nbsp;&nbsp; its sales terminals must sell according to the&nbsp; guidance price. If arbitrary price adjustments&nbsp;&nbsp; are discovered, not only will they face&nbsp; huge compensation payments due to breach&nbsp;&nbsp; of contract, but their cooperation&nbsp; qualifications will also be revoked.&nbsp; Subsequently, the procurement efforts of tens&nbsp; of thousands of pharmaceutical retail outlets&nbsp;&nbsp; across the country all headed towards&nbsp; the Beijing branch of Huaxia TCM Clinic.&nbsp; Fu Hao also made ample preparations,&nbsp; converting the first and second floors&nbsp;&nbsp; of Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine&nbsp; Hall into a sales and reception center. Chapter 116 Initial Victory Two days later, Jeffers called&nbsp;&nbsp; to inform Xiao Qiang that he had helped&nbsp; arrange for Huaxia TCM Clinic to have a&nbsp;&nbsp; presentation at the Global Health Expo. This reassured Xiao Qiang once again!&nbsp; Seven days later, the anti-cancer drug&nbsp; "Kangtairui" passed the clinical trials&nbsp;&nbsp; conducted by the State Drug Administration&nbsp; and obtained a drug production license.&nbsp; Twelve days later, the first phase of the&nbsp; Industrial Park in Jinshi City, Xishan Province,&nbsp; was finally delivered ahead of schedule, two and&nbsp;&nbsp; a half months ahead of the original delivery&nbsp; time, with workers working in three shifts.&nbsp; Representatives from the Shanxi Provincial&nbsp; Investment Promotion Bureau, the Jin City&nbsp;&nbsp; Party Committee and the four co-founders of Huaxia&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall all attended the&nbsp;&nbsp; opening ceremony of the industrial park. On the same day, all 12 production&nbsp;&nbsp; lines were put into operation. Four production lines produce Shenyang&nbsp;&nbsp; Kangtai Pills, with a daily output of 1 million. Six production lines are used to produce the&nbsp;&nbsp; emergency version of "Contari," with&nbsp; a daily output of 2 million tablets.&nbsp; Two production lines are used for the production&nbsp; of the routine maintenance version of "Contair",&nbsp;&nbsp; with a daily output of 1 million tablets. Meanwhile, the second, third, and fourth&nbsp;&nbsp; phases of the Jinshi Traditional Chinese Medicine&nbsp; Industrial Park also commenced construction.&nbsp; With the experience gained from the first phase of&nbsp; construction, the second, third, and fourth phases&nbsp;&nbsp; of the project proceeded much more smoothly. Nine construction teams worked around the clock.&nbsp; Within 10 days before the first phase of&nbsp; the project officially went into operation,&nbsp;&nbsp; Huaxia TCM Hall signed 2,754 orders, with a&nbsp; total contract value of 27.54 billion yuan.&nbsp; This made Fu Hao, Mingxing, and Niu Bi&nbsp; laugh for a while. Two hundred billion yuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; if converted into hundred-yuan bills,&nbsp; how high a mountain could be piled up?&nbsp; To ensure that the first batch of medicines&nbsp; could reach a wider range of end users,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fu Hao adopted a planned quota system&nbsp; for the first batch of supplies, limiting&nbsp;&nbsp; each brand of medicines to 10 million units. What puzzled Fu Hao was that no 5A-level hospitals&nbsp;&nbsp; were involved in this procurement of Kangtaili. When he told Xiao Qiang about this,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang just chuckled and tossed Fu&nbsp; Hao a sentence: "The world is bustling&nbsp;&nbsp; with people coming and going for profit." Xiao Qiang had actually anticipated this outcome.&nbsp; A cancer patient who used to have to spend 200,000&nbsp; yuan at a 5A hospital could now only spend 20,000&nbsp;&nbsp; to 30,000 yuan with this "Kangtai Rui". That's a tenfold difference!&nbsp; You've threatened the interests&nbsp; of these top-tier hospitals. Do&nbsp;&nbsp; you think they won't unite to boycott you? For chain pharmacies in cities across the country,&nbsp;&nbsp; before this, they could say that there was&nbsp; almost no profit to be made in the field of&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer treatment, as nearly 99% of the profits in&nbsp; this field were taken up by top-tier hospitals.&nbsp; The emergence of "Contari" as a&nbsp; single drug has broken this monopoly.&nbsp; Therefore, these pharmacies have shown&nbsp; great enthusiasm for selling "Kangtairui,"&nbsp;&nbsp; a highly effective anti-cancer drug. Just as Xiao Qiang had predicted,&nbsp;&nbsp; all 1,015 Class A hospitals across&nbsp; China have formed a medical alliance.&nbsp; They certainly knew that the drug's&nbsp; approval for market launch in just a few&nbsp;&nbsp; days must have been due to high-level approval. At the same time, they also clearly recognize that&nbsp;&nbsp; "Kangruitai" replacing the current expensive&nbsp; and inefficient Western medical treatments is&nbsp;&nbsp; an inevitable trend that cannot be reversed. When they saw that Huaxia Traditional Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; Medicine Clinic did not humbly pay homage,&nbsp; but instead treated their 5A hospital the&nbsp;&nbsp; same as those chain pharmacies in terms&nbsp; of wholesale prices, without any special&nbsp;&nbsp; preferential treatment, they felt resentful. They decided to stick together and let Huaxia&nbsp;&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Clinic know that&nbsp; their 5A hospital is the main force on the&nbsp;&nbsp; front line of the fight against cancer. If you want your medicine to be supplied&nbsp;&nbsp; to hospitals affiliated with our 5A Hospital&nbsp; Alliance, you must give us special treatment&nbsp;&nbsp; in terms of wholesale drug prices, priority in&nbsp; drug supply, and payment terms of advance payment.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was unaware of the intricacies&nbsp; involved, but he didn't intend to pay any&nbsp;&nbsp; attention to these top-tier hospitals. They are still far from meeting the&nbsp;&nbsp; medication needs of the more than 10,000 chain&nbsp; pharmaceutical sales brands across the country.&nbsp; To put it in perspective, if each chain brand&nbsp; orders 10 million units of "Kangruitai" (a type&nbsp;&nbsp; of emergency medicine), that's only&nbsp; 500 bottles, enough for 500 people.&nbsp; Each chain brand has an average of 15 pharmacies,&nbsp; and each pharmacy has less than 40 bottles.&nbsp; It's estimated that it will be&nbsp; snapped up as soon as it arrives.&nbsp; Meanwhile, after the first batch of&nbsp; "Contari" rolled off the production line,&nbsp;&nbsp; at Xiao Qiang's instruction, Fu Hao had the&nbsp; foreign trade department send 500 bottles of&nbsp;&nbsp; emergency version "Contari" to the West, to be&nbsp; handed over to Jeffers' pharmaceutical company,&nbsp;&nbsp; which would then complete the relevant procedures&nbsp; for the drug to be approved for listing in the&nbsp;&nbsp; Western 25-nation alliance and the United States. With the Luo family's resources, it's believed&nbsp;&nbsp; that the process of listing "Kangtai&nbsp; Rui" overseas will be much easier.&nbsp; The favorable situation put&nbsp; Xiao Qiang in a very good mood.&nbsp; On this day, Xiao Qiang compressed the&nbsp; entire training time for the "Huaxia&nbsp;&nbsp; Garrison Regiment" into just one morning. After completing the morning training&nbsp;&nbsp; session, Xiao Qiang immediately&nbsp; returned to Yenching University.&nbsp; I haven't been back to school&nbsp; for many days. The autumn wind,&nbsp;&nbsp; carrying fallen leaves, makes&nbsp; the whole campus feel desolate.&nbsp; There are fewer girls showing off their&nbsp; long, white legs on campus these days!&nbsp; This deprived Xiao Qiang of some of&nbsp; the pleasure of appreciating beauty!&nbsp; It's currently the break time for&nbsp; the fourth period in the morning,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the school roads are filled with&nbsp; students heading to various cafeterias.&nbsp; He had already found out that Liu Qingyuan was&nbsp; currently preparing to eat at the No. 2 canteen.&nbsp; Therefore, Xiao Qiang also rushed towards the&nbsp; second canteen, hoping to have an "unexpected"&nbsp;&nbsp; encounter with Liu Qingyuan. "Xiao Qiang... Xiao Qiang..."&nbsp; Just then, a shout came from the noisy crowd. Xiao Qiang immediately stopped and looked back.&nbsp; Upon seeing who it was,&nbsp; "Old Shi?" The visitor was Shi Zhanbin, the president&nbsp;&nbsp; and party secretary of Yenching University. He stopped in his tracks. "Principal Shi,&nbsp;&nbsp; is there something you need?" Shi Zhanbin took a couple of&nbsp;&nbsp; quick breaths before his heartbeat calmed down.&nbsp; "You're a really busy guy these days. Getting to&nbsp;&nbsp; see you is harder than seeing a higher-up..." A few days ago, when Shi Zhanbin was having&nbsp;&nbsp; dinner with a fellow official's advisor, the&nbsp; advisor suddenly asked, "Old Shi, could you&nbsp;&nbsp; help me get a few Shenyang Kangtai pills?" This puzzled Shi Zhanbin greatly. What on&nbsp;&nbsp; earth was Shenyang Kangtai Pill? And why did you make me do it?&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin also raised his questions directly. The aide looked surprised and somewhat&nbsp;&nbsp; incredulous. "You haven't heard of Huaxia&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall?"&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin pondered for a&nbsp; moment and then shook his head!&nbsp; "Old Shi, you're way out of touch. Huaxia TCM&nbsp; Clinic is a startup, run by just a few college&nbsp;&nbsp; students from Peking University." You didn't know?&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin's eyelids twitched, and&nbsp; he immediately thought of Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; "That startup is quite famous now?" The aide chuckled as if looking at a fool,&nbsp;&nbsp; "A while ago, the company's perk for&nbsp; all the young masters was a medicine&nbsp;&nbsp; purchased from this Huaxia Traditional Chinese&nbsp; Medicine Clinic called Shenyang Kangtai Wan.&nbsp;&nbsp; The total purchase amount was 400 million,&nbsp; and this medicine is really effective,&nbsp;&nbsp; truly miraculous, its effects are amazing..." Then he whispered something in Shi Zhanbin's ear.&nbsp; Upon hearing his colleague's words, Shi&nbsp; Zhanbin showed an expression of great surprise.&nbsp; "Really? Government procurement?&nbsp; And the medicine is so effective?"&nbsp; The colleague looked at Shi Zhanbin&nbsp; and then nodded solemnly again. Chapter 117 An Encounter with Shi Zhanbin Shi Zhanbin immediately took out his mobile phone,&nbsp;&nbsp; logged into the search website, entered&nbsp; Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., and saw that Xiao Qiang&nbsp; was prominently listed among the shareholders.&nbsp; Worried about the possibility of duplicate&nbsp; names, Shi Zhanbin immediately called Dean&nbsp;&nbsp; Wang of the School of Economics and Management to&nbsp; confirm whether Xiao Qiang, Fu Hao, Dong Mingxing,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Hao Niubi were students in Class 1 of&nbsp; the School of Economics and Management.&nbsp; After receiving a positive response, Shi Zhanbin&nbsp; finally confirmed that Huaxia Traditional Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; Medicine Clinic was the startup company that&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and his three roommates had created.&nbsp; To his surprise, the Shenyang Kangtai Pill&nbsp; developed by this startup company won the&nbsp;&nbsp; favor of government procurement, and now, due to&nbsp; insufficient production capacity, you can't buy&nbsp;&nbsp; this male enhancement drug at all in pharmacies. Immediately afterwards, Shi Zhanbin saw his four&nbsp;&nbsp; students on CCTV, who had miraculously developed&nbsp; an anti-cancer drug that even international&nbsp;&nbsp; pharmaceutical giants had failed to develop. A few days later, when he was watching the news,&nbsp;&nbsp; he saw footage of the handover of the first phase&nbsp; of the Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall&nbsp;&nbsp; project in Jinshi City, Xishan Province. The four&nbsp; outstanding students from Yan University attended&nbsp;&nbsp; as co-founders, and Xiao Qiang, the company's&nbsp; general manager, delivered an important speech.&nbsp; Only then did he learn that Huaxia&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall,&nbsp;&nbsp; a company that had been in business for just&nbsp; over a month, had actually invested more than 2&nbsp;&nbsp; billion yuan to build an industrial park, with an&nbsp; annual output value of tens of billions of yuan.&nbsp; Yenching University has never lacked outstanding&nbsp; alumni who have achieved great success in the&nbsp;&nbsp; business field, but the success of Xiao&nbsp; Qiang and his three classmates during their&nbsp;&nbsp; freshman year is unprecedented. This made Shi Zhanbin exclaim,&nbsp;&nbsp; "National top scorer in the college&nbsp; entrance examination, world's top soldier,&nbsp;&nbsp; favored by military leaders, business tycoon,&nbsp; did you save the earth in your past life?"&nbsp; Why do all these good things&nbsp; keep falling on your head?&nbsp; But Shi Zhanbin never imagined that Huaxia&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall, which he&nbsp;&nbsp; considered extremely impressive, was just a&nbsp; small part of Xiao Qiang's business empire.&nbsp; But no matter how much he feels, it&nbsp; doesn't change the fact that Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang is a student at Yenching University. If it weren't for my brilliant leadership,&nbsp;&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin, covering for your skipping&nbsp; classes, would you be where you are today?&nbsp; Thinking of this, Shi Zhanbin felt he had to have&nbsp;&nbsp; a good talk with this kid to see if he&nbsp; could get some benefit from Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; So Shi Zhanbin called Xiao Qiang to come to&nbsp; his office, but Xiao Qiang had been so busy&nbsp;&nbsp; these past two days that he had no time to go&nbsp; to Yanda University and chat with some old man.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang finally had some free time&nbsp; today, and he was going to find Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; Qingyuan to apologize for leaving without&nbsp; saying goodbye during their last QQ chat.&nbsp; Unexpectedly, they ran into&nbsp; Principal Shi Zhanbin on the way.&nbsp; In response to Shi Zhanbin's teasing, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang grinned and said, "Principal Shi,&nbsp;&nbsp; we've been really busy lately, we&nbsp; only get 3 hours of sleep a day!"&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin knew they were busy, of course. If&nbsp; a startup that had only been established for&nbsp;&nbsp; a month had grown to such a scale, it would be&nbsp; abnormal if the management were idle every day.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, I've come to see&nbsp; you today with four things."&nbsp; First: The Ministry of Education is now requiring&nbsp; the reporting of outstanding individuals and units&nbsp;&nbsp; in campus entrepreneurship. I plan to report&nbsp; your group of four dormitory entrepreneurs&nbsp;&nbsp; and the Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine&nbsp; Hall you founded as outstanding examples.&nbsp; Second: In early November, the&nbsp; whole school will hold a campus&nbsp;&nbsp; entrepreneurship mobilization meeting, and&nbsp; I would like you to be the entrepreneurship&nbsp;&nbsp; representative to give a mobilization speech. Thirdly: Look at your Huaxia Traditional Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; Medicine Clinic, it's already so large, and its&nbsp; future growth will only surpass that. Yenching&nbsp;&nbsp; University does offer medical programs, so I&nbsp; think we can establish a university-enterprise&nbsp;&nbsp; partnership to create a mechanism for&nbsp; targeted talent training and placement.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang listened attentively,&nbsp;&nbsp; his dual-core brain working rapidly as he&nbsp; listened to the other person's explanation.&nbsp; "Didn't you say there were four points? What about&nbsp; the fourth point? You already said it once..."&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin chuckled awkwardly, "Well...&nbsp; the fourth point is a personal matter.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your company produces that Shenyang Kangtai Pill,&nbsp; right? It's not yet available in pharmacies. A few&nbsp;&nbsp; friends know that your company produces&nbsp; this medicine, and they also know that&nbsp;&nbsp; the company's founder is a student from&nbsp; Yanda University, so they asked me..."&nbsp; At this point, Shi Zhanbin&nbsp; gave another awkward smile.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang suddenly realized and said,&nbsp; "Oh, that's what it is. No problem,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll have someone bring it to you right away..." Shi Zhanbin's face was flushed with excitement,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he looked eager to try. "As you said, the first three&nbsp;&nbsp; points are all fine. As for the specific&nbsp; details, I will resolutely carry them out&nbsp;&nbsp; no matter how you want them to be implemented." No matter what I do, my primary identity is still&nbsp;&nbsp; that of a student of Yenching University, and I&nbsp; must obey your management, Principal Shi, right?&nbsp; Seeing that the other party wasn't putting on&nbsp; airs just because their business had grown,&nbsp;&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin was very pleased. "Okay, it's settled&nbsp; then. I'll contact you after the school releases&nbsp;&nbsp; the detailed plan... but next time you're&nbsp; not allowed to ignore my calls, okay..."&nbsp; This time, it was Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; turn to feel embarrassed!&nbsp; After Shi Zhanbin reminded him, Xiao Qiang did&nbsp; some quick calculations and realized that almost&nbsp;&nbsp; 20 days had passed since the superior unit&nbsp; ordered 10 million Shenyang Kangtai pills.&nbsp;&nbsp; Based on Yanjing Pharmaceutical Factory's&nbsp; daily production capacity of 500,000 pills,&nbsp;&nbsp; the first batch of 400 million yuan in&nbsp; orders should have been fully delivered.&nbsp; The next step should be to distribute&nbsp; the product across the market.&nbsp; "Principal Shi, if there's nothing&nbsp; else, I'll be leaving now?"&nbsp; "Alright, you go ahead and get busy!" After saying goodbye to Shi Zhanbin, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; immediately jogged towards Cafeteria No. 2.&nbsp; Meanwhile, inside Cafeteria No. 2, Li Susu&nbsp; looked around anxiously, muttering to herself,&nbsp;&nbsp; "That Xiao Qiang is so unreliable. We already&nbsp; reported him for working in Cafeteria No. 2,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he still hasn't come. If he doesn't come soon,&nbsp;&nbsp; Qing Yuan will have already finished eating..." Liu Qingyuan also noticed her roommate's unusual&nbsp;&nbsp; behavior. "Why aren't you eating?&nbsp; What are you looking around for?"&nbsp; Li Susu was quite quick-witted, saying,&nbsp; "I'm looking at a handsome guy..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan and Qu Xiaohong exchanged a smile. As Xiao Qiang entered the No. 2 canteen,&nbsp;&nbsp; he quickly spotted Liu Qingyuan and Li Susu,&nbsp; who was looking around, among the many diners.&nbsp; After ordering a simple rice bowl, he&nbsp; headed towards where Liu Qingyuan was.&nbsp; "Qingyuan... Xiao Qiang is here..." Qu Xiaohong noticed Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; approaching slowly when she glanced up&nbsp; casually, and immediately reminded him.&nbsp; As Liu Qingyuan looked up, her eyes met Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's. Whether out of shyness or nervousness,&nbsp;&nbsp; she immediately lowered her head again. Ever since Xiao Qiang accidentally forgot&nbsp;&nbsp; to reply to Liu Qingyuan's chat message and&nbsp; didn't contact her for several days afterward,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan ignored Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; subsequent attempts to get close to her.&nbsp; I don't reply to messages, and&nbsp; I don't answer phone calls!&nbsp; Seeing that Xiao Qiang was about to&nbsp; arrive, Li Susu immediately stood up&nbsp;&nbsp; and gave up the seat next to Liu Qingyuan. Despite Liu Qingyuan's murderous glare,&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Susu stubbornly ignored it. Meanwhile, Li Susu kept telling herself,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'd rather destroy ten temples&nbsp; than break up one marriage! Do&nbsp;&nbsp; good deeds and don't worry about the future!" Under these circumstances, Xiao Qiang calmly&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hey, three beautiful girls,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're eating here too!" No wonder the old monk I met today said I would&nbsp;&nbsp; encounter good fortune when I went out today. It seems he's got some skills... don't you&nbsp;&nbsp; think...? Qu Xiaohong, sitting next to her, was&nbsp; instantly embarrassed and blurted out,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Sorry, I'm going to go laugh for a bit..." After saying this, Qu Xiaohong left first.&nbsp; Seeing Qu Xiaohong leave, Li Susu immediately&nbsp; got up and made up an excuse to escape. Chapter 118 Fan Group Liu Qingyuan was both annoyed and amused.&nbsp; He could only keep his head&nbsp; down and continue eating.&nbsp; "Eat slowly. This way of eating is completely&nbsp; out of character for you, Ms. Liu..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan paused, her chopsticks still in&nbsp; her hand, then she laughed in exasperation.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Then how am I supposed to eat? You teach me..." Seeing Liu Qingyuan's weather clear up after&nbsp;&nbsp; the storm, she smiled radiantly&nbsp; and spoke in a melodious voice.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang finally breathed a&nbsp; sigh of relief. "Your smile is&nbsp;&nbsp; so beautiful, like a lovely flower..." He directly sang a line from a song that&nbsp;&nbsp; would later become widely known and sung. Liu Qingyuan was also captivated by the&nbsp;&nbsp; highly rhythmic lyrics, a smile playing&nbsp; on her lips. "Not bad, quite talented..."&nbsp; Then he ate the rice on his plate by himself. "I've been so busy lately, I've been completely&nbsp;&nbsp; out of it. I really didn't mean&nbsp; to not reply to your messages..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan simply kept her head down&nbsp; and ate her meal, without replying.&nbsp; "Beautiful Liu? Beautiful Qingyuan? How&nbsp; about I treat you to a movie tonight?&nbsp;&nbsp; I heard it's a blockbuster that the&nbsp; famous director Zhang Yimou spent two&nbsp;&nbsp; years polishing. How about it, give me a chance?" Liu Qingyuan had actually calmed down earlier,&nbsp;&nbsp; and she knew that starting a&nbsp; business was not easy for them, and&nbsp;&nbsp; she wasn't the kind of person who held grudges. So he went along with it and got off the donkey.&nbsp; "Give you a chance?" Xiao Qiang nodded with&nbsp;&nbsp; an expectant look on his face. "Okay then, it's been a long&nbsp;&nbsp; time since I've watched a movie." Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang was&nbsp;&nbsp; overjoyed. "That's fantastic!" he exclaimed,&nbsp; picking up a large chicken leg from the plate&nbsp;&nbsp; and gnawing on it with relish. "Ah,&nbsp; this chicken leg is so delicious!"&nbsp; Her exaggerated eating manners&nbsp; made Liu Qingyuan giggle.&nbsp; There is a macroeconomics class from 4 pm to&nbsp; 5 pm, and since Xiao Qiang rarely returns to&nbsp;&nbsp; school, he will definitely attend the class. At the same time, we should also check if any&nbsp;&nbsp; clueless people have been eyeing our seats lately. Xiao Qiang and Liu Qingyuan entered the classroom&nbsp;&nbsp; together. Everyone had already&nbsp; assumed that Xiao Qiang and Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; Qingyuan were a couple, so it wasn't surprising. However, when Squad Leader Fan saw Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; sharp, hawk-like gaze, he instinctively lowered&nbsp; his head, his heart pounding with panic.&nbsp; After gesturing for Liu Qingyuan to take a&nbsp; seat, Xiao Qiang walked towards Fan Zhengyang,&nbsp;&nbsp; who was sitting in the back row. Perhaps sensing the slowly&nbsp;&nbsp; approaching pressure, Fan Zhengyang stood&nbsp; up and prepared to leave the classroom.&nbsp; "Fan Zhengyang, why are you in such a&nbsp; hurry to leave? Are you that afraid of me?"&nbsp; "Who... said I'm afraid of you? I&nbsp; just need to... go to the bathroom..."&nbsp; "Let's go, let's catch up, I also need to pee..." Once outside the classroom, Fan Zhengyang&nbsp;&nbsp; was cornered by Xiao Qiang. "Fan&nbsp; Zhengyang, I'm giving you a chance.&nbsp;&nbsp; Confess and you'll be treated leniently..." Fan Zhengyang, as expected of a scion of a&nbsp;&nbsp; prominent family, perhaps due to his upbringing,&nbsp; appeared fearless despite his nervousness.&nbsp; "I don't know what you're talking&nbsp; about... This is a school,&nbsp;&nbsp; I advise you not to do anything reckless..." Xiao Qiang's eyes darted around. "Haha,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know this is a school?" Then why would you resort to such a&nbsp;&nbsp; vicious method as hiring someone to kill? Fan Zhengyang, I gave you a chance,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you didn't cherish it? Then you'd better be&nbsp; careful when you go out in the future, lest you&nbsp;&nbsp; get stabbed by some unknown assassin one day. I&nbsp; heard those people will do anything for money…”&nbsp; After Xiao Qiang finished speaking, he&nbsp; went back to the classroom on his own.&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang stood blankly at the toilet&nbsp; door, his mind replaying Xiao Qiang's words,&nbsp;&nbsp; lost in thought. "What did you and Fan Zhengyang&nbsp; do when you went out just now?"&nbsp; As soon as she returned to her seat,&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan began to interrogate her.&nbsp; "It's nothing, just telling&nbsp; Young Master Fan not to have any&nbsp;&nbsp; ulterior motives towards my Qingyuan..." These words made Liu Qingyuan blush&nbsp;&nbsp; instantly. "You stinky Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; stop being so narcissistic. Who's&nbsp;&nbsp; your family anyway... You don't even..." "Anyway, it's only a matter of time..."&nbsp; "Hmph... I'm ignoring you..." The two flirted and teased each other during&nbsp;&nbsp; the break when the class bell rang. Although she&nbsp; was being taken advantage of, anyone could tell&nbsp;&nbsp; that the beautiful Liu was secretly delighted! However, Xiao Qiang also noticed that Fan&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhengyang had not returned to&nbsp; the classroom since he left.&nbsp; At this moment, Fan Zhengyang&nbsp; was rushing to the Fan Group.&nbsp; As soon as he left the teaching building,&nbsp; he jumped into his Mercedes-Benz G-Class and&nbsp;&nbsp; sped off towards the Fan Group. "Greetings, Young Master Fan!"&nbsp; "Greetings, Young Master Fan!" Upon entering the group's building, everyone&nbsp; greeted Fan Zhengyang in a fawning manner.&nbsp; "Secretary Liu, is my father here?" "Young Master Fan, President Fan&nbsp;&nbsp; is in a meeting..." Fan Zhengyang didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; care about any of that and rushed towards the&nbsp; floor where the conference room was located.&nbsp; The Fan Group is a well-known large conglomerate&nbsp; in Yanjing, but the Fan family has an advantage&nbsp;&nbsp; that other conglomerates cannot match: they&nbsp; have considerable political connections.&nbsp; The patriarch of the Fan family started from&nbsp; scratch and, through decades of hard work,&nbsp;&nbsp; built a vast family business, with&nbsp; industries covering real estate development,&nbsp;&nbsp; furniture manufacturing, mining, retail,&nbsp; financial services, and many other sectors.&nbsp; The patriarch of the Fan family&nbsp; had three sons. The eldest son,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fan Zheming, excelled in his studies and entered&nbsp; politics, where he is now a high-ranking official.&nbsp; The second son, Fan Zhengming, is Fan Zhengyang's&nbsp; father. He serves as the chairman of the board of&nbsp;&nbsp; directors of the Fan Group and has full control&nbsp; over the future of this commercial behemoth.&nbsp; The third son, Fan Yunming, entered the&nbsp; military system and is now the division&nbsp;&nbsp; commander of a division in the Yanjing Military&nbsp; Region, holding the rank of major general.&nbsp; It can be said that the three sons of the&nbsp; Fan family have all achieved remarkable&nbsp;&nbsp; results in their respective fields. At this moment, Fan Zhengming was in&nbsp;&nbsp; the conference room outlining the development&nbsp; plan for his real estate company over the next&nbsp;&nbsp; three years. Meanwhile, the real estate&nbsp; industry in China, which had been dragged&nbsp;&nbsp; down by the global financial crisis, was&nbsp; showing unprecedented momentum under the&nbsp;&nbsp; bailout policies of the top leadership. Fan's Real Estate originally focused&nbsp;&nbsp; on development in four first-tier cities:&nbsp; Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, and Shenzhen,&nbsp;&nbsp; and did not expand nationwide. According to the latest ranking&nbsp;&nbsp; of China's top ten real estate developers,&nbsp; Fan's Real Estate is not among them, based&nbsp;&nbsp; on multiple dimensions such as land reserves,&nbsp; construction area, and contract sales amount.&nbsp; Fan Zhengming could no longer sit still. "What the hell are you all doing?"&nbsp; I'd never heard of this Qiangsheng Real&nbsp; Estate before, but in 2008, its new&nbsp;&nbsp; construction area ranked first in the country. This Hengtai Real Estate company almost went&nbsp;&nbsp; bankrupt last year. Their boss, Mr. Xu,&nbsp; repeatedly tried to invite me to dinner,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I ignored him completely. And yet, this year&nbsp; they're number one in contracted sales nationwide.&nbsp; What are you real estate&nbsp;&nbsp; groups doing? Why don't you expand nationwide?&nbsp; Are you just coasting along and waiting to die?&nbsp; The real estate group's CEO was practically&nbsp; shoving his head into his pants. Being scolded&nbsp;&nbsp; like that by the chairman in front of so many&nbsp; subsidiary company CEOs—who could stand that?&nbsp; Moreover, focusing on first-tier cities&nbsp; for in-depth development was your decision,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fan Zhengming. How could I dare to compete with&nbsp; you? Now that development has fallen behind,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're starting to shift the blame? However, he also dared not tell Fan&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhengming face to face that this was the&nbsp; general direction he had set himself.&nbsp; Fan Zhengming sat angrily in his&nbsp; boss's chair, panting heavily. Chapter 119 Holding Little Hands Just then, there was a loud&nbsp;&nbsp; banging on the conference room door. Fan Zhengming was already furious,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the ongoing meeting was interrupted,&nbsp; causing his volcano of anger to erupt instantly.&nbsp; "Which bastard is this? Let him get&nbsp; in here and I'll break his legs..."&nbsp; But when the door opened and&nbsp; his precious son walked in,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fan Zhengming instantly had the illusion that he&nbsp; was about to choke to death by his own saliva.&nbsp; Perhaps due to his recklessness in his youth,&nbsp; Fan Zhengming faced numerous difficulties when&nbsp;&nbsp; he was ready to have a child. He was&nbsp; diagnosed with asthenospermia and had&nbsp;&nbsp; to go through a lot of trouble to have such a&nbsp; precious son. He cherished him dearly, afraid&nbsp;&nbsp; of dropping him or letting him melt in his mouth. Over time, Fan Zhengming doted on this son to an&nbsp;&nbsp; extreme degree, to the point that it wouldn't&nbsp; be an exaggeration to say he spoiled him.&nbsp; When he saw his beloved son looking for him,&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang disregarded the meeting, leaving&nbsp;&nbsp; his group of trusted executives in the conference&nbsp; room, and then pulled Fan Zhengyang to his office.&nbsp; He was unusually kind and gentle, saying,&nbsp; "Zhengyang, what made you decide to come to&nbsp;&nbsp; Dad's company? Is your allowance running low?&nbsp; Dad will transfer you another 10 million..."&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang wasn't really here to ask for&nbsp; money this time. It was the first time he had&nbsp;&nbsp; his gang of thugs deal with Xiao Qiang, but&nbsp; the other party easily thwarted their plan.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang saw that he was a&nbsp; student, so he ignored him.&nbsp; The second time, Fan Zhengyang&nbsp; actually spent a lot of money to&nbsp;&nbsp; hire an international assassin. If Xiao Qiang&nbsp; hadn't possessed a special rebirth skill,&nbsp;&nbsp; an ordinary person would probably be dead by now.&nbsp; This time, Xiao Qiang was truly enraged, which is&nbsp; why he said those harsh words to Fan Zhengyang.&nbsp; This terrified Fan Zhengyang, putting his life&nbsp; in danger. However, he was unwilling to submit&nbsp;&nbsp; to Xiao Qiang, a peasant boy he looked down upon,&nbsp; so he could only seek reassurance from his father.&nbsp; In his eyes, there was nothing&nbsp; his dad couldn't handle.&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang: "Dad, I have money&nbsp; now, that's a different matter."&nbsp; Then he told his father in detail about&nbsp; the origins of his feud with Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Fan Zhengming immediately flew&nbsp; into a rage again. "Damn it! A country bumpkin&nbsp;&nbsp; from the village dares to touch my son? Does he&nbsp; really think the Fan family is made of clay?"&nbsp; Fan Zhengming doesn't care who's right or wrong&nbsp; in the matter; if you want to harm my son,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you're in the wrong. "Your name is Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Dad will remember that. If you're&nbsp; scared, don't go back to school yet."&nbsp; "Dad will arrange for someone to&nbsp; teach that brat a lesson today."&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang was overjoyed. With his&nbsp; father's help, the matter was settled.&nbsp; After Fan Zhengyang left, Fan Zhengming made a&nbsp; phone call to his subordinate, "Mountain Cat,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a kid who's been disobedient. Give&nbsp; him a talking-to. A little bloodshed is fine."&nbsp; I will then send you the&nbsp; other party's information.&nbsp; In Fan Zhengming's mind, problems that can be&nbsp; solved with fists should not be wasted on words.&nbsp; Therefore, after taking over the Fan Group, he&nbsp; recruited a group of ruthless individuals with&nbsp;&nbsp; a criminal record to help him deal with some&nbsp; of the difficulties he encountered in business.&nbsp; Many business competitors are&nbsp; "friendly" discouraged by these people.&nbsp; The leader of these people was Lynx, who&nbsp; was originally the king of the Southeast&nbsp;&nbsp; Asian underground boxing market. He was later&nbsp; recruited by Fan Zhengming for a large sum of&nbsp;&nbsp; money and became Fan Zhengming's henchman. After hearing this, Lynx simply hummed&nbsp;&nbsp; in response and hung up the phone. He then opened the email, looked at Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang's message, a cruel smile appeared on his&nbsp; lips, and he grabbed two handy tools from home&nbsp;&nbsp; before setting off. After the bell rang to signal the end&nbsp; of get out of class, Xiao Qiang and Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; Qingyuan went together and took a taxi&nbsp; to a nearby bustling commercial street.&nbsp; The movie we're going to see today is "The Great&nbsp; Wall." Before going in, Xiao Qiang thoughtfully&nbsp;&nbsp; bought Liu Qingyuan's favorite popcorn and drinks. At this moment, Liu Qingyuan felt the same&nbsp;&nbsp; nervousness and anticipation she had felt a&nbsp; few days ago. Watching a movie alone with a&nbsp;&nbsp; boy was a first for her in more than ten years. This meant that Liu Qingyuan's mind wasn't on the&nbsp;&nbsp; movie at all; she always felt that Xiao Qiang&nbsp; was watching her from the darkness beside her.&nbsp; She would occasionally turn her head to peek&nbsp; and see what was going on, and the two seemed&nbsp;&nbsp; to be of one mind, their fiery gazes colliding and&nbsp; sparking intensely in the darkness several times.&nbsp; After a heated collision, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang took the opportunity to&nbsp;&nbsp; hold Liu Qingyuan's slender hands. Liu Qingyuan's delicate body trembled,&nbsp;&nbsp; and she instinctively tried to withdraw her&nbsp; tender hand from the armrest of the seat,&nbsp;&nbsp; but how could Xiao Qiang let her have her way? A pair of large hands gripped her wrists tightly.&nbsp; Seeing that she couldn't break free, Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan simply gave up struggling. Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; took the opportunity to open his fingers&nbsp; and interlock them with Liu Qingyuan's.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan's heart was pounding. With&nbsp; no experience, she had no idea how to deal&nbsp;&nbsp; with the situation. Her cheeks were burning, and&nbsp; she could only let Xiao Qiang do as he pleased.&nbsp; Fortunately, Xiao Qiang did not make any&nbsp; further advances; he simply held her hand&nbsp;&nbsp; and watched the entire movie. When the movie ended,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang remained motionless, and Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan had no choice but to leave.&nbsp; "You don't want to live here, do you?" Seeing that everyone else in the theater&nbsp;&nbsp; had left, Liu Qingyuan said reproachfully. Xiao Qiang looked like he hadn't had enough,&nbsp;&nbsp; "With you by my side, I don't want to leave!" Liu Qingyuan chuckled upon hearing this,&nbsp;&nbsp; but felt a sweet warmth in her heart. "Let's go, I'll treat you to dinner!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang finally stood up, but he&nbsp; did not let go of Liu Qingyuan's hand.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan did not struggle anymore and&nbsp; let Xiao Qiang hold her hand like that.&nbsp; The two finished their meal around 9 p.m. As soon as I stepped outside, a taxi&nbsp;&nbsp; was parked right in front of the restaurant. The two got into the car immediately, and after&nbsp;&nbsp; a night of getting to know each other, they were&nbsp; so engrossed in the sweetness of the moment that&nbsp;&nbsp; they didn't notice that the driver was a man with&nbsp; a sinister face and a scar on his right cheek.&nbsp; This person was none other than Shanmao,&nbsp; one of Fan Zhengming's subordinates.&nbsp; Every girl hopes that her Prince Charming&nbsp; will one day confess his love to her in&nbsp;&nbsp; public, and Liu Qingyuan is no exception. Although he had hinted at it to the other&nbsp;&nbsp; party in public, for some reason, Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; that "blockhead," just wouldn't take that step.&nbsp; Tonight, she grabbed my hand again.&nbsp; This is something only couples do!&nbsp; This conflicted feeling had been&nbsp; troubling Liu Qingyuan all night.&nbsp; So she remained inattentive&nbsp; after getting on the bus.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, on the other hand, was completely&nbsp; absorbed in feeling Liu Qingyuan's soft,&nbsp;&nbsp; boneless, delicate hands. He only noticed something amiss&nbsp;&nbsp; when he looked out at the scenery. "Master, isn't this the way back&nbsp;&nbsp; to Peking University?" Lynx gave a cold laugh,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a hoarse voice came from his throat, "Of&nbsp; course it's not the way to Yanda University."&nbsp; The lynx's hoarse voice made the absent-minded&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan feel very uncomfortable,&nbsp;&nbsp; so she said unhappily, "We are going back&nbsp; to Yanda University. Where did you take us?&nbsp;&nbsp; This is not the way to rip off tourists!" Xiao Qiang smiled. This naive and silly&nbsp;&nbsp; girl actually mistook the other party&nbsp; for a driver who was overcharging her. Chapter 120 A Fight to the Death As soon as Liu Qingyuan finished speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; the car made a beautiful dragon-like&nbsp; tail swing and stopped on a quiet road.&nbsp; Lynx got out of the car and, seeing that the two&nbsp; people inside hadn't moved, frowned. "I don't need&nbsp;&nbsp; to personally invite you out, Mr. Xiao Qiang." Xiao Qiang narrowed his eyes, a glint of&nbsp;&nbsp; shrewdness in them. "Qingyuan, wait&nbsp; here for me. I'll be right back!"&nbsp; At this moment, Liu Qingyuan also&nbsp; realized that this was not a simple&nbsp;&nbsp; case of overcharging customers; it was clearly&nbsp; a premeditated and intentional kidnapping…&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan, a young woman who had never seen the&nbsp; harsh realities of society, was so frightened that&nbsp;&nbsp; she tightly gripped Xiao Qiang's hands. Xiao Qiang placed his other hand on the&nbsp;&nbsp; back of the other person's hand,&nbsp; gently reassuring them, "It's okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll be back in three minutes at most..." Then he withdrew his hands and got out of the car.&nbsp; Watching Xiao Qiang's departing figure, Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan felt a little calmer as she recalled his&nbsp;&nbsp; comforting words. As if remembering something, she&nbsp; immediately took out her phone to dial the police,&nbsp;&nbsp; but to her surprise, she couldn't make&nbsp; the call. She tried several more times,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the result was the same… Ten meters away from the taxi,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lynx smoked a cigarette and quietly&nbsp; watched Xiao Qiang walk towards him.&nbsp; "You've got some guts..." Xiao Qiang chuckled, "Fan Zhengyang sent you..."&nbsp; "He's just a third-generation rich kid; he&nbsp; doesn't have the right to order me around."&nbsp; The lynx's tone subtly&nbsp; revealed a hint of arrogance&nbsp;&nbsp; and contempt for the rich third-generation. Xiao Qiang's lips curled into a playful smile.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh? So that's Fan Zhengyang's father..." The lynx didn't answer, but instead offered&nbsp;&nbsp; a well-intentioned warning, "The Fan family&nbsp; is not someone you can afford to offend..."&nbsp; There was no answer, yet it seemed&nbsp; as if something had been answered.&nbsp; "Alright, enough talk, let's get this over&nbsp; with, I need to take the beauty home..."&nbsp; The lynx was taken aback for a moment, then&nbsp; quickly processed Xiao Qiang's words before&nbsp;&nbsp; saying with a grim expression, "Fine, since&nbsp; you're in such a hurry to reincarnate, then..."&nbsp; "Enough with the nonsense," Xiao Qiang&nbsp; interrupted the lynx's ramblings, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; took a running start and sprinted towards him. When he was about 2 meters away from the lynx,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang leaped into the air, his right leg&nbsp; accumulating astonishing energy as he spun around.&nbsp; The moment Xiao Qiang leaped into the air, Shanmao&nbsp; felt an overwhelming killing intent, and his eyes&nbsp;&nbsp; revealed an extremely solemn expression. In the blink of an eye, Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; powerful whirlwind kick, carrying&nbsp; the force of a thunderbolt,&nbsp;&nbsp; slammed down on the mountain cat's head. The lynx's words were interrupted, and he couldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; bother to make any other dodging movements. He&nbsp; could only twist his body and choose to use his&nbsp;&nbsp; shoulder to take the opponent's charged attack. Lynx channeled all his strength into his shoulders&nbsp;&nbsp; and tensed his leg muscles, but even so, he seemed&nbsp; to underestimate the power of Xiao Qiang's attack.&nbsp; When the other person's leg slammed into&nbsp; his shoulder, Lynx felt as if Mount Tai was&nbsp;&nbsp; pressing down on him, and his legs seemed unable&nbsp; to withstand the immense force, causing his knees&nbsp;&nbsp; to involuntarily kneel down towards Xiao Qiang. The lynx's left arm was dislocated on&nbsp;&nbsp; the spot by this blow. The lynx first coughed up&nbsp;&nbsp; a mouthful of blood, indicating that it&nbsp; had suffered serious internal injuries.&nbsp; Then, he braced his left arm against the ground&nbsp; and, with a slight effort, put the dislocated arm&nbsp;&nbsp; back in place, all while letting out a cold snort. Xiao Qiang did not take advantage of his illness&nbsp;&nbsp; to kill him, but instead watched&nbsp; everything unfold with a cold eye.&nbsp; The lynx, now standing up again, looked&nbsp; at Xiao Qiang with fear in his eyes.&nbsp;&nbsp; He couldn't understand how a college student&nbsp; could possess such terrifying strength.&nbsp; This time, Lynx decided to strike first. After&nbsp; a short rest, Lynx pounced on Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang remained motionless. After closing in on Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lynx immediately launched a fierce attack,&nbsp; unleashing a barrage of highly lethal Muay&nbsp;&nbsp; Thai moves such as elbow strikes and knee strikes. The attack was fierce, but to Lynx's utter dismay,&nbsp;&nbsp; this move, which had previously been invincible,&nbsp; was completely ineffective against the opponent,&nbsp;&nbsp; who easily parried and neutralized it one by one. Moreover, there was even a hint of&nbsp;&nbsp; mockery in the other person's eyes. The lynx was so angry it almost vomited blood,&nbsp;&nbsp; and immediately increased the speed of its attack. But it was all for naught.&nbsp; That's it? Taking advantage of&nbsp;&nbsp; the brief moment when the two were about to&nbsp; separate, Xiao Qiang posed a soul-searching&nbsp;&nbsp; question that almost broke Lynx's defenses. Immediately, Xiao Qiang's aura surged.&nbsp; As if possessed by Xiang Yu, the&nbsp; cold aura made the lynx tremble.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang delivered a powerful, unforced punch&nbsp; to the lynx's chest. The lynx could only block&nbsp;&nbsp; with its hands in haste. With two cracking&nbsp; sounds, the lynx was sent flying backward,&nbsp;&nbsp; where it lay on the ground howling in agony. This punch shattered the bones in his left and&nbsp;&nbsp; right arms, and also severely&nbsp; impacted his internal organs.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stepped forward. "Tell your master&nbsp; that he either needs to apologize to me,&nbsp;&nbsp; or it's a fight to the death..." Then, Xiao Qiang turned around&nbsp;&nbsp; and walked towards the taxi. Inside the car, Liu Qingyuan&nbsp;&nbsp; looked helplessly out the window, trying to&nbsp; get a clear picture of Xiao Qiang's condition.&nbsp; Unfortunately, the place where the two were&nbsp; fighting was right in Liu Qingyuan's blind&nbsp;&nbsp; spot, and she could only watch&nbsp; anxiously from inside the car.&nbsp; Just then, she saw a figure walking towards&nbsp; the vehicle. When the person got closer,&nbsp;&nbsp; she realized it was Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; and she breathed a sigh of relief.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, are you alright? Let me see..." As soon as Xiao Qiang got into the car,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan asked him with concern. This warmed Xiao Qiang's heart. "It's alright,&nbsp;&nbsp; your man is very strong. Even ten more of those&nbsp; foreigners wouldn't be enough for me to beat..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was amused by Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's teasing words, "Who said&nbsp;&nbsp; you were my man... You're just bragging.&nbsp; Anyway, it's good that you're alright..."&nbsp; Taking advantage of the situation,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang once again held Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; Qingyuan's jade-like hand and caressed it. This time, Liu Qingyuan did not resist at all,&nbsp;&nbsp; seemingly tacitly agreeing to&nbsp; this level of physical contact.&nbsp; After experiencing the situation, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang did not overstep his bounds.&nbsp; "Let's go back to school first..." After the vehicle left, Lynx struggled&nbsp; painfully to his feet, took out his phone,&nbsp;&nbsp; and dialed Fan Zhengming's number. Knowing the outcome, Fan Zhengming instantly lost&nbsp;&nbsp; his sleepiness. The strongest fighter in the Fan&nbsp; family, Lynx, was powerless against the opponent.&nbsp; Moreover, given Lynx's arrogant&nbsp; personality, his claim that he has&nbsp;&nbsp; no fighting power suggests the reality might&nbsp; be even worse than Lynx himself describes...&nbsp; This infuriated Fan Zhengming, who immediately&nbsp; called his precious son. Fan Zhengyang, who&nbsp;&nbsp; was having an intimate conversation with a young&nbsp; model, answered the phone and heard his father's&nbsp;&nbsp; roar, "Who the hell did you mess with? How could&nbsp; a student beat your Uncle Shanmao to a pulp?"&nbsp; Ignoring his disrupted mood, Fan&nbsp; Zhengyang said, feeling wronged,&nbsp;&nbsp; "He's just a student in our class..." Fan Zhengming said in a tone of exasperation,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You better behave yourself from now&nbsp; on and stop causing me trouble..."&nbsp; After saying that, he angrily hung up the phone. Fan Zhengyang, who was unjustly insulted,&nbsp;&nbsp; was now seething with anger. He vented his resentment on the young model. Chapter 121 Heading to Los Angeles After dropping Liu Qingyuan off at&nbsp;&nbsp; the girls' dormitory, Xiao Qiang didn't&nbsp; linger and returned to his dormitory,&nbsp;&nbsp; which had been empty for several days. Now, the four of them in the dormitory&nbsp;&nbsp; basically live and eat at the company, and&nbsp; have no time to go back to the dormitory.&nbsp; After washing up, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; made a phone call to Li Muyao.&nbsp; At this moment, Li Muyao was still in her&nbsp; office handling the affairs of Qiangsheng&nbsp;&nbsp; Group. With Qiangsheng Real Estate expanding in&nbsp; multiple locations, many things required her,&nbsp;&nbsp; as the president, to make the final decisions. Qiangsheng Investment's venture capital business&nbsp;&nbsp; is expanding rapidly, and negotiations&nbsp; with JD.com, Alibaba, and DJI have&nbsp;&nbsp; entered the final decision-making stage... Upon seeing that it was Xiao Qiang's call,&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Muyao was overjoyed. She knew that this&nbsp; "entrepreneurial partner of the subsidiary&nbsp;&nbsp; company" had been incredibly busy lately, with&nbsp; the industrial park going into production and&nbsp;&nbsp; his appearance on CCTV. "Xiao Qiang...&nbsp; how come you have time to contact me..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang gave a wry smile. He had indeed&nbsp; been too busy lately to visit this woman,&nbsp;&nbsp; his entrepreneurial heroine and confidante,&nbsp; who had followed him from his hometown&nbsp;&nbsp; all the way to Yihe Courtyard Villa. "I've been incredibly busy lately... Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; by the way, Mu Yao, there's something&nbsp; important. We need to get the marketing&nbsp;&nbsp; department to thoroughly understand the Fan&nbsp; Group's industrial structure, especially&nbsp;&nbsp; the situation of its listed subsidiaries..." Li Muyao never questioned the reasons behind&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's arrangements, simply&nbsp; saying, "Okay, give me two days..."&nbsp; "This isn't urgent, we can take our time..." "Aren't you coming tonight...?" Xiao Qiang naturally understood&nbsp;&nbsp; what Li Muyao meant. Sexual relations between men&nbsp; and women, once tasted, become more satisfying,&nbsp;&nbsp; serving as both a physiological need and&nbsp; a bridge for emotional communication.&nbsp; "Mu Yao, turn on the video later,&nbsp; let's do something different today..."&nbsp; "Um…" Li Muyao didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; know where Xiao Qiang learned those tricks from,&nbsp; but they always made her feel incredibly ashamed.&nbsp; The next day, Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang felt refreshed and slept until 9 o'clock. Currently, both the various business segments of&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiangsheng Group and Huaxia Traditional Chinese&nbsp; Medicine Hall have dedicated personnel in charge,&nbsp;&nbsp; and progress is going smoothly. Next, I need to prepare to attend&nbsp;&nbsp; the "Global Health Expo" to be&nbsp; held in Country M in three days.&nbsp; This is a crucial step in determining&nbsp; whether Huaxia Traditional Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; Medicine Clinic can go international, so&nbsp; Xiao Qiang attaches great importance to it.&nbsp; That afternoon, Xiao Qiang, Fu Hao, and&nbsp; ten quick-witted assistants boarded an&nbsp;&nbsp; international flight to Los Angeles, USA. After a long 13-hour flight, Xiao Qiang and&nbsp;&nbsp; his group finally landed in this international&nbsp; metropolis where land is incredibly valuable.&nbsp; Jeffers had arranged a thoughtful&nbsp; airport pick-up service, making&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and his group feel right at home. Since the booth designs for each participating&nbsp;&nbsp; pharmaceutical company at the Global Health&nbsp; Expo are almost fixed, only a few booths&nbsp;&nbsp; under the organizers receive special treatment. When Jeffers helped Huaxia Traditional Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; Medicine Hall obtain the qualification to&nbsp; participate in the exhibition, he did not&nbsp;&nbsp; use family connections to obtain special&nbsp; treatment for the booth in order to avoid&nbsp;&nbsp; attracting Rivers' attention as much as possible. Therefore, Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine&nbsp;&nbsp; Hall's booth was also a standardized booth. The hotel where Xiao Qiang and his group&nbsp;&nbsp; stayed happened to be a five-star hotel under&nbsp; the Jeffers Group, and all the staff treated&nbsp;&nbsp; these guests from China like royalty. On the first day, everyone was jet-lagged&nbsp;&nbsp; and basically didn't go out of the hotel. While staying in the presidential suite,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang couldn't help but think&nbsp; of the innocent girl named Su Maya.&nbsp; "I wonder how Maya's transfer&nbsp; procedures are going!"&nbsp; Having already woken up, Xiao Qiang lay on the&nbsp; huge bed, took the phone provided by the hotel,&nbsp;&nbsp; and dialed Su Maya's number directly. The call was quickly connected, and a familiar,&nbsp;&nbsp; pleasant voice came through, inexplicably&nbsp; reminding Xiao Qiang of those days and Su&nbsp;&nbsp; Maya's moving singing voice. "Maya, what are you doing?"&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang...you are Xiao Qiang..." Sumaya immediately recognized the&nbsp;&nbsp; owner of the phone by the voice. "This is Xiao Qiang. Did you miss me?&nbsp;&nbsp; Didn't you say you were going to transfer&nbsp; to a school in China? What happened?"&nbsp; At the mention of this, Su Maya's expression&nbsp; turned sorrowful. "I'm so sorry, Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; I probably won't be able to&nbsp; go to China anytime soon..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was stunned. "Why? Your father,&nbsp; the King of Sasa Kingdom, can't handle this&nbsp;&nbsp; little thing? That's impossible!" Sumaia sighed again, "My dad found&nbsp;&nbsp; out about you and me. He doesn't approve&nbsp; of our relationship and wants me to marry&nbsp;&nbsp; the prince of Djibouti after I graduate..." "What...isn't this selling a daughter? What&nbsp;&nbsp; era are we living in? Still using that&nbsp; old-fashioned aristocratic marriage system..."&nbsp; “My father wants to use this&nbsp; opportunity to form an alliance&nbsp;&nbsp; with Diplomat and strengthen his voice in OPEC…” Xiao Qiang nodded as if suddenly understanding,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Maya, don't worry. After I'm done with&nbsp; this trip, I'll go to your Sasha country&nbsp;&nbsp; and have a talk with your stubborn old father.&nbsp; I believe I can make him change his mind..."&nbsp; "Really? That's wonderful... But&nbsp; I miss you so much right now..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang could understand the pain of one&nbsp; person missing the other in a passionate&nbsp;&nbsp; relationship, so he began to comfort him. Suddenly, Su Maya's surprised voice came&nbsp;&nbsp; from the other end of the phone, "Xiao Qiang, why&nbsp; does your phone number show up as belonging to the&nbsp;&nbsp; United States? Are you in the United States?" Xiao Qiang was also taken aback. "Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm in Los Angeles. What's wrong?&nbsp; You're not in the US too, are you?"&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Sumaia immediately burst into&nbsp; cheers, "My friend and I are in Las Vegas! Send me&nbsp;&nbsp; the address, and I'll book a flight to Los Angeles&nbsp; right away... We can be together tonight..."&nbsp; This result was indeed a&nbsp; pleasant surprise for Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; After everyone woke up, Xiao Qiang led them to&nbsp; the expo site to familiarize themselves with the&nbsp;&nbsp; venue in advance. All the exhibition materials&nbsp; were designed domestically and printed locally.&nbsp; With Jeffers as free labor, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; and his team were saved a lot of trouble.&nbsp; In their spare time, Xiao Qiang led everyone&nbsp; on a leisurely stroll around, allowing them to&nbsp;&nbsp; appreciate the beauty of this unfamiliar country. In the evening, everyone finally experienced the&nbsp;&nbsp; unique prosperity of this&nbsp; international metropolis.&nbsp; The night sky was ablaze with lights,&nbsp; a scene of extravagance and decadence,&nbsp;&nbsp; where the air was thick with the scent of money. Inside this five-star luxury restaurant.&nbsp; "My dear Xiao, I'm so sorry I can only&nbsp; meet you under the cover of darkness!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang fully understands&nbsp; Jeffers' current state,&nbsp;&nbsp; which can be simply summarized as "playing&nbsp; it safe and trying to develop his strength."&nbsp; If Jeffers were to show any signs&nbsp; of trouble by his own brother,&nbsp;&nbsp; it would likely be nipped in the bud. "You're too kind, Jeffers. I&nbsp;&nbsp; sympathize with your situation, but&nbsp; I believe your days will be over..."&nbsp; "Xiao, this is the sales permit&nbsp; for 'Contari' in the US and the&nbsp;&nbsp; member countries of the 25-nation Western&nbsp; alliance. I've got it sorted out for you..."&nbsp; "However, you should know that almost&nbsp; all pharmaceutical distributors and&nbsp;&nbsp; retailers in the West are held hostage by the&nbsp; interests of those few innovative drug giants.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's still uncertain whether 'Contari'&nbsp; can successfully enter the market..." Chapter 122 Innovative Drug Alliance Xiao Qiang was well aware of this,&nbsp;&nbsp; but Jeffers said this simply because he&nbsp; hoped to establish a deep financial bond&nbsp;&nbsp; with him in the sales of "Contari". Xiao Qiang did not point this out.&nbsp; "Haha, Jeffers, isn't that what you're here for?&nbsp; I believe you have a way to break this monopoly!"&nbsp; Jeffers showed no embarrassment at&nbsp; having his little scheme exposed.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Of course, we are the closest partners." "By the way, Xiao, has there been any increase&nbsp;&nbsp; in production capacity for those Shenyang Kangtai&nbsp; pills? A daily production capacity of 600,000&nbsp;&nbsp; pills is simply not enough to meet demand..." "That's no problem, I can allocate&nbsp;&nbsp; an extra 300,000 per day for you..." "That's great! Cheers, it's a pleasure&nbsp;&nbsp; doing business with you!" It was already 10:30 p.m. when Xiao Qiang&nbsp; finished eating, and he rushed back to his room.&nbsp; Because Sumaia had been waiting&nbsp; in her room for a long time. Sigh,&nbsp;&nbsp; what a terrible sin it is to leave such a&nbsp; stunning exotic beauty alone in an empty room.&nbsp; Back in his room, Xiao Qiang saw&nbsp; Su Maya, who had already washed&nbsp;&nbsp; herself clean, lying on the bed with a shy,&nbsp; half-revealed expression. Her tender and&nbsp;&nbsp; expectant look made him lose control instantly. The longing for each other after not seeing each&nbsp;&nbsp; other for many days has turned into deep yearning. Two hours later!&nbsp; After receiving this deep longing,&nbsp; Sumaya fell into a deep sleep!&nbsp; The following morning, after the sun was&nbsp; high in the sky, Xiao Qiang finally got&nbsp;&nbsp; out of bed with a satisfied look on his face. The venue for the Global Health Expo was just&nbsp;&nbsp; across the street from Xiao Qiang's hotel, and&nbsp; he could see the situation inside the exhibition&nbsp;&nbsp; hall from the large floor-to-ceiling windows. It was only 9 a.m., but the huge expo site was&nbsp;&nbsp; already packed with people. Fu Hao, his four assistants,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the ten translators sent by Jeffers had&nbsp; already arrived at the Huaxia Traditional Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; Medicine Hall booth early in the morning. The expo officially opened at 10:00&nbsp;&nbsp; AM and lasted for five days. At 9:55 a.m., the main stage&nbsp;&nbsp; area of the convention center was bustling with&nbsp; people. After careful observation and interviews,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang discovered that among the people&nbsp; attending the expo, in addition to the staff&nbsp;&nbsp; of various pharmaceutical companies, 60%&nbsp; or even more of them were pharmaceutical&nbsp;&nbsp; distributors and agents from all over the world. 10-20% of the group consists of media reporters&nbsp;&nbsp; from around the world, while only a&nbsp; small percentage are simply tourists.&nbsp; After thinking about it carefully, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; quickly came to his senses. After all, most people&nbsp;&nbsp; wouldn't understand such a highly specialized&nbsp; expo and it wouldn't satisfy their curiosity.&nbsp; "Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the beautiful&nbsp; Los Angeles for the first Global Health Expo.&nbsp;&nbsp; The 48 pharmaceutical companies participating&nbsp; in this exhibition come from 15 countries and&nbsp;&nbsp; regions around the world, basically representing&nbsp; the world's top medical science and innovative&nbsp;&nbsp; drug level." …………&nbsp; The host gave a lengthy introduction&nbsp; to the current state of innovative drug&nbsp;&nbsp; development in the world and the basic&nbsp; information of the 48 pharmaceutical&nbsp;&nbsp; companies participating in the exhibition. Xiao Qiang was astonished to discover that&nbsp;&nbsp; Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall was the&nbsp; only Chinese pharmaceutical company exhibiting.&nbsp;&nbsp; Moreover, of the remaining 47 innovative drug&nbsp; companies, 24 were from the United States, 18&nbsp;&nbsp; were from 11 Western countries, and the remaining&nbsp; 5 were from Japan and South Korea, respectively.&nbsp; This aptly illustrates the current&nbsp; global landscape of cutting-edge&nbsp;&nbsp; innovative drug development. Huaxia Traditional Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; Medicine Hall was listed at the very end of the&nbsp; introductions of the 48 participating companies.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was already mentally prepared for&nbsp; this and expected to be treated differently&nbsp;&nbsp; in many ways. After all, the Western world&nbsp; has always looked down on Chinese companies&nbsp;&nbsp; in the high-tech field, and this is not&nbsp; limited to the field of innovative drugs.&nbsp; The phenomenon of worshipping the strong&nbsp; and despising the weak is all too common.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang didn't mind at all. There's a saying&nbsp; in China that goes, "Good wine needs no bush."&nbsp; Moreover, my purpose in coming here is to&nbsp; break down this chain of discrimination.&nbsp; After the host finished the introduction, he&nbsp; immediately announced that the next segment&nbsp;&nbsp; would be for each participating company&nbsp; to have two minutes to come on stage and&nbsp;&nbsp; introduce their latest research and development&nbsp; achievements and expected efficacy of the drugs.&nbsp; The order in which the companies were introduced&nbsp; was undoubtedly based on their overall strength.&nbsp; Some innovative drug giants seized this&nbsp; opportunity to launch multiple innovative drugs&nbsp;&nbsp; at once, while others launched improved versions&nbsp; of existing drugs. Moreover, 75% of these drugs&nbsp;&nbsp; are concentrated in the field of cancer treatment,&nbsp; while the remaining 25% cover diseases such as&nbsp;&nbsp; AIDS, ALS, and rare diseases that are rarely&nbsp; heard of, but which are all extremely deadly.&nbsp; Soon it was the 47th person's turn to go on&nbsp; stage to give a presentation, while Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; and Fu Hao came to the front of the stage to&nbsp; prepare. Fu Hao had already carefully prepared&nbsp;&nbsp; his recommendation speech and knew it by heart. After the 47th speaker, the head of an innovative&nbsp;&nbsp; pharmaceutical company from South&nbsp; Korea, finished his introduction,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fu Hao was preparing to go on stage. However, the host had already taken the&nbsp;&nbsp; microphone from the Korean and started&nbsp; introducing the follow-up matters.&nbsp; This left Fu Hao, who was already standing on&nbsp; the edge of the stage, extremely embarrassed,&nbsp;&nbsp; caught in a dilemma, and he could&nbsp; only look helplessly at Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was instantly enraged. He knew that&nbsp; they had a prejudice against Chinese companies,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they were being far too&nbsp; blatant. It was simply outrageous!&nbsp; Indeed, at this moment, inside the conference&nbsp; room of the Global Innovative Drug Alliance,&nbsp;&nbsp; the organizer of the Big Health&nbsp; Expo, a group of foreigners are&nbsp;&nbsp; watching the event live via video stream. "How dare an unknown Chinese medicine clinic&nbsp;&nbsp; like Huaxia TCM Hall attempt to participate in&nbsp; such an international pharmaceutical expo? Don't&nbsp;&nbsp; they know that this expo is specifically&nbsp; for our innovative drug alliance?"&nbsp; How naive… The speaker was Edwards, Chairman&nbsp;&nbsp; of the Council of the International Alliance&nbsp; for Innovative Medicines and CEO of Phvirology,&nbsp;&nbsp; the world's number one innovative drug giant. The globally popular blue pill is&nbsp;&nbsp; a product of their company. "That's right. Chinese medicine&nbsp;&nbsp; has been declining under our years of propaganda&nbsp; and suppression of pseudoscience. Before long,&nbsp;&nbsp; there will be no room for Chinese medicine&nbsp; to survive in the world's medical field."&nbsp; "Haha, China has a huge population, and our&nbsp; medicine is in high demand and short supply,&nbsp;&nbsp; allowing us to earn hundreds&nbsp; of times the profit..."&nbsp; These Western medical giants present are, in fact,&nbsp; the biggest instigators of the denigration and&nbsp;&nbsp; suppression of Traditional Chinese Medicine.&nbsp; In their eyes, Chinese people are blindly&nbsp;&nbsp; worshipping foreign things and flocking to&nbsp; their exorbitantly priced anti-cancer drugs.&nbsp; It's too easy to make money from Chinese&nbsp; people; it would be an injustice not to.&nbsp; At the expo! In a moment of quick thinking, Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang leaped up from the stage and landed steadily&nbsp; next to the host like a roc spreading its wings.&nbsp; "Wow, is he Spider-Man...?" "No, he's clearly Superman..."&nbsp; The audience was instantly stunned by Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's illogical and astonishing move,&nbsp;&nbsp; staring at him as if he were a monster. Fu Hao was also completely dumbfounded,&nbsp;&nbsp; exclaiming, "Holy crap, even Bruce&nbsp; Lee didn't have this ability..."&nbsp; The host was stunned as the black-eyed,&nbsp; yellow-skinned Asian man suddenly appeared.&nbsp; Taking advantage of the moment&nbsp; when the host was caught off guard,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang snatched the microphone from her hand. Xiao Qiang, who could communicate with foreigners&nbsp;&nbsp; without any problems, looked at the crowd below&nbsp; the stage, who were discussing animatedly.&nbsp; "Hello everyone, I am the person in charge&nbsp; of Huaxia TCM Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is participating in this exhibition.&nbsp; The beautiful host may have forgotten&nbsp;&nbsp; that our company exists. There is no&nbsp; other way but for me to step forward."&nbsp; He even put on an extremely&nbsp; apologetic expression as he spoke. Chapter 123 There's Always a&nbsp; Demon Trying to Do Something Wrong&nbsp; "China is an ancient country, and traditional&nbsp; Chinese medicine has been passed down for&nbsp;&nbsp; thousands of years. Our Huaxia Traditional&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Hall is the purest inheritor&nbsp;&nbsp; and promoter of ancient Chinese medicine." Recently, our company successfully developed a&nbsp;&nbsp; universally applicable and highly effective&nbsp; anti-cancer drug called "Kangtailui".&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's brief introduction instantly&nbsp; piqued the interest of countless&nbsp;&nbsp; pharmaceutical agents and distributors present. "This drug has passed the clinical drug test&nbsp;&nbsp; organized by the China Drug Administration.&nbsp; All patients with severe cancer who took&nbsp;&nbsp; 'Kangtai Rui' experienced a 100% reduction in&nbsp; cancer cells within 12 hours and a reduction in&nbsp;&nbsp; tumor lesions to a benign range within 24 hours." For patients who have taken our medication,&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer is no longer a terminal illness, but rather&nbsp; a chronic disease like high blood pressure and&nbsp;&nbsp; diabetes that does not threaten their lives. The crowd erupted in uproar again,&nbsp;&nbsp; with many expressing doubt. Is it really that amazing?&nbsp; Inside the Innovative Drug Alliance council&nbsp; office, an uproar ensued. Edwards, phone in hand,&nbsp;&nbsp; roared, " Stop that Chinese monkey immediately..." “Mr. Edwards, there’s no need to be so nervous.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think he’s just trying to attract attention.&nbsp; Our Innovative Drug Alliance has spent countless&nbsp;&nbsp; sums of money over the decades, but we still&nbsp; haven’t been able to completely conquer cancer.”&nbsp; A company like Huaxia, established less&nbsp; than two months ago, dares to shamelessly&nbsp;&nbsp; claim to have conquered cancer, and even to&nbsp; offer a universal anti-cancer drug effective&nbsp;&nbsp; against various types of cancer. Do you think this&nbsp; aligns with the laws of scientific development?&nbsp; Rivers calmly shared his insights. Upon hearing this, everyone fell&nbsp;&nbsp; into deep thought, and then nodded&nbsp; in agreement with Rivers' analysis.&nbsp; Edwards shared this view, but he remained uneasy,&nbsp; saying, "That being said, we must be vigilant and&nbsp;&nbsp; nip any unforeseen risks in the bud." Everyone nodded this time.&nbsp; After saying this, Edwards called the organizers&nbsp; of the expo, made some arrangements, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; hung up the phone with satisfaction. "That concludes my presentation.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you are interested, please move to Hall&nbsp; 48, where we have professional guides who&nbsp;&nbsp; will provide detailed explanations." After saying that, Xiao Qiang handed&nbsp;&nbsp; the microphone back to the host and&nbsp; then walked off the stage on his own.&nbsp; After Xiao Qiang's unique entrance&nbsp; and groundbreaking introduction of the&nbsp;&nbsp; medicine's effects, pharmaceutical agents&nbsp; and distributors from various countries&nbsp;&nbsp; began to flock to the exhibition hall of&nbsp; This kept the ten assistants extremely&nbsp; busy, and even Fu Hao personally took&nbsp;&nbsp; on the role of receptionist. Xiao Qiang, on the other hand,&nbsp;&nbsp; visited the booths of the top 10 innovative drug&nbsp; companies at the expo to see what innovative&nbsp;&nbsp; research these leading pharmaceutical&nbsp; companies were currently conducting.&nbsp; But after touring around, he couldn't&nbsp; help but feel a little disappointed,&nbsp;&nbsp; as the mainstream research directions of these&nbsp; top pharmaceutical companies were still in areas&nbsp;&nbsp; with large enough patient populations. While it's understandable for capital to&nbsp;&nbsp; pursue profits, disregarding the lives and&nbsp; deaths of patients with niche diseases is&nbsp;&nbsp; not the attitude a top international&nbsp; pharmaceutical company should have.&nbsp; Shouldn't the right to life of those&nbsp; suffering from rare diseases be respected?&nbsp; Xiao Qiang vowed to go back and continue to&nbsp; gather a group of renowned Chinese medicine&nbsp;&nbsp; doctors to conduct special research on&nbsp; rare diseases in the world, because Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang firmly believed that when you care about&nbsp; the world, the world will never abandon you.&nbsp; When Xiao Qiang returned to exhibition&nbsp; hall number 48 of Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Hall, he immediately&nbsp; witnessed something that infuriated him.&nbsp; A group of people from country M, dressed in&nbsp; uniforms, were seen grabbing promotional materials&nbsp;&nbsp; from the table in front of the booth. Fu Hao struggled to stay afloat with&nbsp;&nbsp; the help of ten assistants. Xiao Qiang leaped up and,&nbsp;&nbsp; using both hands, instantly pulled the&nbsp; group of American men to their knees.&nbsp; "What are you doing? Why are you&nbsp; stealing our promotional materials...?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked at these people with a cold&nbsp; expression. He had already been very restrained.&nbsp;&nbsp; If he hadn't wanted to avoid trouble, he would&nbsp; have already gotten into a fight with them.&nbsp; At this moment, a strong white man&nbsp; stood menacingly in front of Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang. Standing at over 1.9 meters tall,&nbsp; he made Xiao Qiang appear extremely weak.&nbsp; “We are from the Federal Quality&nbsp; Inspection Bureau. Someone reported&nbsp;&nbsp; that your company exaggerated the effects&nbsp; of drugs and made false claims with the&nbsp;&nbsp; sinister intention of illegally amassing wealth.” Xiao Qiang chuckled. "Do you have any evidence to&nbsp;&nbsp; prove that we are exaggerating or making false&nbsp; claims? If so, please provide your evidence."&nbsp; If not, please step aside and issue a public&nbsp; apology. Otherwise, I will file a lawsuit&nbsp;&nbsp; against your Federal Quality Inspection Bureau&nbsp; in the M Federal Court for intentional framing.&nbsp; At the same time, we will report&nbsp; this case to the Chinese Embassy&nbsp;&nbsp; in Country M and seek legal protection. the white team leader's face turned ashen. He has no evidence whatsoever; it's a complete&nbsp;&nbsp; fabrication based on bribes and a&nbsp; lack of any regard for the facts.&nbsp; In their eyes, the Chinese people would&nbsp; kneel down and submit long ago if they&nbsp;&nbsp; were intimidated even slightly, and they&nbsp; wouldn't have the courage to argue with them.&nbsp; So this white team leader intended to take the&nbsp; initiative from the start, but today he was&nbsp;&nbsp; facing Xiao Qiang, and psychologically he was not&nbsp; afraid of the existence of the M country's power.&nbsp; At this moment, the white tour&nbsp; leader began to have doubts.&nbsp; In the United States, federal courts can&nbsp; even accept cases against the president,&nbsp;&nbsp; let alone the Federal Quality Inspection Bureau. Moreover, if this were to escalate to the Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; Embassy in the United States, it could&nbsp; potentially trigger a diplomatic incident.&nbsp; I only received tens of thousands of dollars,&nbsp;&nbsp; is it necessary to take such a big risk? Obviously, there's no need for that!&nbsp; The white captain, who had just been&nbsp; glaring angrily, immediately broke into a&nbsp;&nbsp; wide smile. Combined with his tall and muscular&nbsp; physique, the scene instantly became comical.&nbsp; "Sir, your reminder made me realize I'd completely&nbsp; forgotten about it. I'll immediately go back and&nbsp;&nbsp; verify the evidence with the whistleblower.&nbsp; I apologize for the impact this has had on&nbsp;&nbsp; you and your company... I'm so sorry..." This burly man was surprisingly flexible&nbsp;&nbsp; and showed no embarrassment at&nbsp; having backed down so quickly.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang watched the group leave in a&nbsp; disheveled state and sneered inwardly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "What a bunch of bullies who prey on the weak!" Despite this incident, it did not affect the&nbsp;&nbsp; bustling consultation scene in front&nbsp; of Huaxia TCM Hall's exhibition hall.&nbsp; All of this was observed by members of the&nbsp; Innovative Drug Alliance, including Edwards.&nbsp; After a lively discussion, half an hour later&nbsp; all the alliance members were laughing again.&nbsp; The first day of the expo was spent in&nbsp; a flurry of activity, with hundreds of&nbsp;&nbsp; pharmaceutical distributors from around the&nbsp; world busy learning about the products and&nbsp;&nbsp; treatment prospects of each innovative drug&nbsp; company, rather than rushing to place orders.&nbsp; For a 5-day expo like this, the first 3&nbsp; days are usually spent researching and&nbsp;&nbsp; comparing products, and the last 2 days&nbsp; are usually for placing a formal order.&nbsp; Inside Xiao Qiang's presidential suite! Fu Hao and ten assistants were also present.&nbsp; "We had a very fruitful day today, with 312&nbsp; potential agents leaving their phone numbers."&nbsp; This is only the first day. Judging by this momentum,&nbsp;&nbsp; our Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine&nbsp; Clinic's "Kangtailui" is about to take off! Chapter 124 Plot Twist Seeing Fu Hao's excited&nbsp;&nbsp; and confident expression, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; couldn't bear to discourage him too much.&nbsp; But in order to prepare him psychologically for&nbsp; the unpredictable difficulties of the future,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang couldn't help but speak&nbsp; up, "Fu Hao, you're too optimistic."&nbsp; This drug has, after all, affected the&nbsp; interests of too many people around the world.&nbsp; In the field of anti-cancer drugs, more than&nbsp; 20 innovative drugs worldwide are currently&nbsp;&nbsp; sharing this huge pie, and this pattern&nbsp; has been in place for quite some time.&nbsp; Moreover, they have most likely formed&nbsp; an alliance to defend their interests.&nbsp; Our drug has now achieved a leapfrog&nbsp; development, which has affected the&nbsp;&nbsp; interests of many people. Do you think&nbsp; they will sit idly by and wait to die?&nbsp; "Today, having the Federal Quality Inspection&nbsp; Bureau make things difficult for us is just&nbsp;&nbsp; the appetizer. In the coming days, they will&nbsp; surely unleash even bigger killer moves..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's words were like a bucket of&nbsp; cold water, chilling everyone to the bone.&nbsp; After this advice, Fu Hao realized he&nbsp; had been too optimistic, and looked&nbsp;&nbsp; embarrassed and a little uneasy. "So what should we do next? Just&nbsp;&nbsp; sit here and wait to die?" "Sitting idly by and waiting&nbsp;&nbsp; to die? That's not in my nature. I'll deal with&nbsp; whatever comes my way and adapt to the situation."&nbsp; On the morning of the second day, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; and his group arrived at the expo early, tidied&nbsp; up their booth, and began playing foreign language&nbsp;&nbsp; promotional videos for Huaxia TCM Hall and&nbsp; Kangtailui on the large screen outside the booth.&nbsp; Once 9 o'clock had passed, the entire Expo&nbsp; Park returned to its bustling and lively&nbsp;&nbsp; state as it had been the day before. In stark contrast to yesterday,&nbsp;&nbsp; the exhibition hall of Huaxia Traditional&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Hall was deserted.&nbsp; This greatly worried Fu Hao and the others.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, yesterday there were crowds of&nbsp;&nbsp; people showing great interest in our&nbsp; 'Kang Tai Rui', what happened today?"&nbsp; Why have all the agents who&nbsp; contacted me suddenly disappeared?&nbsp; It's like everyone had planned it beforehand! Although Xiao Qiang had some premonition about&nbsp;&nbsp; this unpredictable situation, he did not expect&nbsp; the opponent's second move to come so quickly.&nbsp; He pondered for a moment, instantly combining&nbsp; the current situation with Jeffers' advice.&nbsp;&nbsp; Could it be that the global distributors of major&nbsp; anti-cancer drugs have been held hostage by these&nbsp;&nbsp; innovative drug giants for their own interests? Are we forcing them to choose between two options?&nbsp; Upon realizing this possibility, Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; lips curled into a look of sudden understanding.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, you're really thick-skinned! You&nbsp; can still laugh now? You're really something..."&nbsp; Seeing Fu Hao's anxious and agitated state,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang laughed even harder, "Then I'll cry!"&nbsp; "I wouldn't say I'm crying, but at&nbsp; least try to match my emotions..."&nbsp; "Alright, stop with the nonsense. Have someone&nbsp; call back those potential agents who registered&nbsp;&nbsp; yesterday and see what their attitude is now..." Fu Hao didn't waste any time and immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; went into the exhibition hall to make&nbsp; follow-up calls with ten assistants.&nbsp; Twenty minutes later, Fu Hao&nbsp; hurriedly approached Xiao Qiang again.&nbsp; Just as Fu Hao was about to say&nbsp; something, Xiao Qiang spoke first.&nbsp; "Don't tell me yet, let me guess?" Hmm, do those potential distributors&nbsp;&nbsp; mean they're just looking into "Kangtailui" and&nbsp; don't actually intend to become distributors?&nbsp; Fu Hao was astonished. "Xiao Qiang, you really&nbsp; are like Zhuge Liang waving his feather fan—you&nbsp;&nbsp; can predict everything with uncanny accuracy." You guessed it right, we revisited 154 of them,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they all said they had no intention&nbsp; of becoming agents for our "Kangtairui".&nbsp; This is a stark contrast to the intense interest&nbsp; they showed during their consultation yesterday!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded quietly, "This must be something&nbsp; these Western innovative drug giants did."&nbsp; "It's alright, stay calm. Even Cheng Yaojin&nbsp; had his three-pronged attack; this is only&nbsp;&nbsp; their second. They definitely have more tricks up&nbsp; their sleeve. We'll remain unchanged and wait for&nbsp;&nbsp; an opportunity to counter them." Fu Hao shook his head as if&nbsp;&nbsp; he understood but didn't quite. However, Fu Hao felt much more at ease&nbsp;&nbsp; because of his absolute trust in Xiao Qiang. The opportunity Xiao Qiang mentioned soon&nbsp;&nbsp; appeared, and he keenly seized it, turning it into&nbsp; an absolute opportunity for Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Hall to make a name for itself. Just after 11 a.m., Fu Hao and the others were&nbsp;&nbsp; so bored that they were drowsy. Just a minute ago, the exhibition&nbsp;&nbsp; hall was deserted, but suddenly&nbsp; a hundred or so people appeared.&nbsp; These people are not drug agents or distributors&nbsp; around the world; a quick glance at their&nbsp;&nbsp; condition reveals that they are a group of&nbsp; terminally ill patients on the verge of death.&nbsp; Beside these people were more than twenty&nbsp; media outlets, all armed with various&nbsp;&nbsp; cameras and microphones, taking pictures of the&nbsp; entrance to the Huaxia TCM Hall exhibition hall.&nbsp; Looking at this scene, Fu Hao&nbsp; suddenly felt a headache coming&nbsp;&nbsp; on. "What the hell is going on now..." "Hello, we are reporters from the Los&nbsp;&nbsp; Angeles Times..." "Hello, this is&nbsp;&nbsp; the broadcasting station of Country M..." "We are reporters from the Washington Post..."&nbsp; "We are M Union..." Fu Hao was even more confused when he heard this.&nbsp; These were all the most influential media outlets&nbsp;&nbsp; and TV stations in the United States. Why&nbsp; were they all here? It didn't make sense.&nbsp; We didn't pay you to do this special report! At this moment, Steve, a reporter from the&nbsp;&nbsp; M country's broadcasting station,&nbsp; stepped forward and asked, "Hello,&nbsp;&nbsp; are you the person in charge of the company?&nbsp; Can your company grant us, 25 media outlets,&nbsp;&nbsp; a live interview?" "Of course, it would be my honor..." Just as Fu Hao was wondering how to respond,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang quietly appeared in front of the media&nbsp; and readily agreed to their interview request.&nbsp; "Sir, what is your surname?" "Xiao Qiang is Chinese!"&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, I've heard that your&nbsp; company has developed a universally&nbsp;&nbsp; effective anti-cancer drug. Is that true?" "Of course it's true. Our Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Clinic's new product,&nbsp; 'Kangtailui,' can reduce cancer cells&nbsp;&nbsp; by half after 12 hours of medication and shrink&nbsp; tumor lesions to a benign state after 24 hours,&nbsp;&nbsp; turning cancer into a chronic disease that no&nbsp; longer threatens people's lives and health!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang spoke with great confidence, showing&nbsp; no fear in the face of so many top media outlets.&nbsp; This calm and composed demeanor made Fu Hao,&nbsp; who was behind him, feel inferior once again.&nbsp; Steve wore an incredulous expression,&nbsp; a hint of cunning in his deep eyes.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, there's an old Chinese saying, 'Like&nbsp; a peddler praising his own wares,' I wonder if&nbsp;&nbsp; the true efficacy of your company's&nbsp; 'Kangtailui' is also like that..."&nbsp; Fu Hao was very unhappy with the Westerners'&nbsp; directness, and his eyes were full of resentment&nbsp;&nbsp; when he looked at Steve and the others. "Did I hit a nerve? Look, your company's&nbsp;&nbsp; staff are already furious!" Xiao Qiang turned around,&nbsp;&nbsp; reassuring Fu Hao and the others with his&nbsp; eyes, then turned back to look at Steve.&nbsp; "China has not only ancient sayings like&nbsp; 'Wang Po selling melons' and 'self-praise'."&nbsp; There's also the classic saying,&nbsp; "Good wine needs no bush."&nbsp; I think Mr. Steve has probably heard of it too. Xiao Qiang remained composed and defiant,&nbsp;&nbsp; using the same tactic against Steve&nbsp; to easily deflect his verbal trap. Chapter 125 Mutual Schemes Steve wasn't annoyed that his&nbsp;&nbsp; difficult question had been easily resolved.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao is certainly quick-witted..."&nbsp; "Haha, thank you for the&nbsp; compliment, we're the same!"&nbsp; Seeing that he hadn't gained any advantage&nbsp; in his area of expertise, Steve changed his&nbsp;&nbsp; mind and asked, "Mr. Xiao, you said that your&nbsp; company's medicine can bring cancer patients back&nbsp;&nbsp; from the brink of death and turn this terminal&nbsp; illness into a chronic disease, is that right?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded, "That's right..." "Mr. Xiao, you see, these 90 people&nbsp;&nbsp; in front of you are all terminal cancer&nbsp; patients. If what your company says is true,&nbsp;&nbsp; are you willing to help save their lives?" If they can turn the tide, it will indirectly&nbsp;&nbsp; prove that your company's "Kangtairui" truly lives&nbsp; up to its advertised miraculous reputation...&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked troubled at this moment. But in Steve's eyes, this was a sign of guilt.&nbsp;&nbsp; If the effects of the medicine you mentioned&nbsp; were real, then what was so difficult about it?&nbsp; At this moment, a group of media&nbsp; reporters cleverly captured the&nbsp;&nbsp; scene of Xiao Qiang looking embarrassed. "What's wrong, Mr. Xiao? Is this putting you in a&nbsp;&nbsp; difficult position? If it is, then forget it..." After saying that, he looked at Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang's gloomy face and felt extremely smug. "The Chinese tactic of feigning indifference to&nbsp;&nbsp; lure the enemy into a trap is really effective!!" Just as Steve was feeling smug, Xiao Qiang seemed&nbsp;&nbsp; to have made up his mind, "Alright, we can&nbsp; give it a try, but I have a few conditions..."&nbsp; Upon hearing "Try?", Steve realized it&nbsp; was a completely unconvincing statement,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially considering Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's hesitant demeanor earlier.&nbsp; This convinced Steve that Huaxia&nbsp; TCM Clinic had indeed exaggerated&nbsp;&nbsp; the claims about "Kangtailui," or at least it&nbsp; wasn't as miraculous as they had advertised.&nbsp; The other party's reluctant agreement is entirely&nbsp; a helpless move made after being driven into a&nbsp;&nbsp; dead end by my sharp words. Steve sneered inwardly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, please name your terms..." Xiao Qiang was secretly delighted to&nbsp;&nbsp; see that the fish had taken the bait. But that troubled expression remained&nbsp;&nbsp; on his face. "Mr. Steve, first, I need the&nbsp; medical records of these 90 patients. Our&nbsp;&nbsp; drug... is only effective against cancer." Steve nodded immediately, "No problem,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can give you all the medical records right now." After saying that, he nodded to a man next to him,&nbsp;&nbsp; who then handed Xiao Qiang a&nbsp; thick stack of medical records.&nbsp; After Xiao Qiang took it, he handed it&nbsp; to Fu Hao and asked them to verify it.&nbsp; Five minutes later, Fu Hao nodded to Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; indicating that the medical records were fine&nbsp;&nbsp; and that all the patients were cancer patients. "Mr. Xiao, is there anything else you require?"&nbsp; Steve immediately pressed for an answer. Xiao Qiang pretended to be deep in thought.&nbsp; This made Steve even more convinced&nbsp; that Xiao Qiang was deliberately&nbsp;&nbsp; creating obstacles to prevent him from&nbsp; making the suggestion he had just made.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, please feel free&nbsp; to name your conditions..."&nbsp; "Well... how about this? I request that all media&nbsp; present provide live coverage of this drug trial&nbsp;&nbsp; and the announcement of its results." This is the only way to ensure that&nbsp;&nbsp; no one tampers with the medication&nbsp; or maliciously alters the results.&nbsp; After saying that, Xiao Qiang gave&nbsp; Steve a deliberately provocative look.&nbsp; That look clearly said, "Can you control all&nbsp; twenty-five media outlets present? Can you get&nbsp;&nbsp; them to broadcast the entire event live?&nbsp; If not, even if the drug's effectiveness&nbsp;&nbsp; is less than expected or something unexpected&nbsp; happens, I will say that you've sabotaged it..."&nbsp; Steve, a man of exceptional intelligence,&nbsp; under Xiao Qiang's guidance,&nbsp;&nbsp; thought along the path set by Xiao Qiang. Hmph, you're trying to make things difficult&nbsp;&nbsp; for me, aren't you? It's not that easy.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, please wait a moment&nbsp; while I go and make a call..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded. Steve went to a quiet place,&nbsp;&nbsp; dialed Edwards's number, and vividly&nbsp; described Xiao Qiang's reactions to him.&nbsp; "So, according to your analysis, the other&nbsp; party is deliberately making excuses to prevent&nbsp;&nbsp; you from conducting clinical trials?" "Yes, Mr. Edwards, you are so clever!"&nbsp; "Okay, agree to his request. 25 media&nbsp; outlets will broadcast the entire event&nbsp;&nbsp; live. I want to make Chinese pharmaceutical&nbsp; companies a laughing stock in the world."&nbsp; “Dear Edwards, convincing so many&nbsp; top media outlets and TV stations&nbsp;&nbsp; to broadcast live for 24 hours a day&nbsp; is going to be quite a challenge…”&nbsp; "20 million US dollars..." "Dear Edwards, these are 25 of&nbsp;&nbsp; the top media and television stations&nbsp; across the entire United States;&nbsp;&nbsp; it's worth at least 80 million US dollars..." "You...good job, no problem...I'll have someone&nbsp;&nbsp; transfer the money to you right away..." "You're so generous! Don't worry, I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely handle this perfectly for you..." After hanging up the phone, Edwards roared&nbsp;&nbsp; in his office for five minutes. After receiving notification of&nbsp;&nbsp; the $80 million payment, Steve took out his&nbsp; phone and dialed out the numbers one by one.&nbsp; Besides the M country broadcasting station&nbsp; represented by Steve, there were 24 other media&nbsp;&nbsp; outlets. Each media outlet received an average of&nbsp; $1.5 million, totaling $36 million. The remaining&nbsp;&nbsp; $44 million went into Steve's personal pocket. Making money is just that easy for Steve.&nbsp; After finishing all that, Steve&nbsp; returned to the Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Hall exhibition hall. "So, is it difficult to get all media&nbsp;&nbsp; outlets to broadcast the entire event live?&nbsp; If it's really not possible, then forget it."&nbsp; After all, I don't want to force people&nbsp; to do things they don't want to do...&nbsp; As soon as Steve appeared, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang acted "smug and arrogant".&nbsp; Steve sneered, "No need, I agree to&nbsp; your conditions. 25 of the largest&nbsp;&nbsp; media outlets and TV stations in the world&nbsp; will broadcast it live simultaneously."&nbsp; If you have a computer, you can open&nbsp; any website and you'll see that you've&nbsp;&nbsp; become the star of the live stream… "Ah...this...how is this possible..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang wore an expression&nbsp; of shock and disbelief.&nbsp; Seeing Xiao Qiang's humiliated&nbsp; expression, Steve felt incredibly pleased.&nbsp; "Fu Hao, bring me our laptop!" "Huh?...Oh, okay..."&nbsp; Fu Hao immediately grabbed the laptop, and Xiao&nbsp; Qiang opened more than twenty web pages in a row.&nbsp; M Country Broadcasting Station:&nbsp; "Chinese pharmaceutical companies&nbsp;&nbsp; claim to have developed a highly&nbsp; effective anti-cancer drug that&nbsp;&nbsp; halves cancer cells in 12 hours? Is this a&nbsp; Chinese-style lie or genuinely effective?"&nbsp; M News Agency: "Witness the birth of the ninth&nbsp; wonder of the world! A Chinese pharmaceutical&nbsp;&nbsp; company claims to have successfully developed an&nbsp; anti-cancer drug, turning cancer into a chronic&nbsp;&nbsp; disease!" Twenty-five of the most influential media&nbsp; platforms in the United States broadcasted the&nbsp;&nbsp; scene at Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine&nbsp; Hall with highly sensational headlines.&nbsp; While it may seem like a huge&nbsp; boost to the reputation of this&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese pharmaceutical company, the real&nbsp; intention behind it is extremely sinister.&nbsp; As the saying goes, the higher&nbsp; you're lifted, the harder you fall!&nbsp; Currently, Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine&nbsp; Hall is being elevated to a very high position&nbsp;&nbsp; from multiple perspectives and angles. However,&nbsp; if the efficacy verification of "Kangtailui"&nbsp;&nbsp; does not meet the advertised results, Huaxia&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall will face the&nbsp;&nbsp; risk of declining directly from its high position. At that time, they will be pulverized to pieces! Chapter 126 Pretending to be Rich Seeing 25 mainstream American&nbsp;&nbsp; media outlets and radio stations promoting&nbsp; Huaxia TCM Clinic with such "dedication,"&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang felt even more cautious. Every time Xiao Qiang showed this&nbsp;&nbsp; guilty expression, Steve became&nbsp; more certain of his suspicions.&nbsp; Although the actual efficacy of Huaxia TCM&nbsp; Clinic's "Kangtai Rui" was of no concern&nbsp;&nbsp; to him whatsoever, he had already pocketed&nbsp; every penny of the money he was entitled to.&nbsp; But this does not diminish the fact that he is&nbsp; a person with a strong sense of national pride.&nbsp; In his subconscious, the United States&nbsp; is the world's only superpower and a&nbsp;&nbsp; leading country in technological innovation. Something that even the US couldn't produce,&nbsp;&nbsp; you think a lousy Chinese company could? "Mr. Xiao, can we start administering the&nbsp;&nbsp; medication to the patient now?" "Of course, no problem."&nbsp; But even if they take the medication now,&nbsp; the 12-hour verification period will end&nbsp;&nbsp; at 10 PM tonight. Are you sure you want to&nbsp; leave these patients in this big square?&nbsp; The nights in Los Angeles are really chilly… "Then there's no need for Mr. Xiao to worry.&nbsp;&nbsp; We've prepared protective tents and temporary beds&nbsp; for resting. We've even brought a complete set&nbsp;&nbsp; of cancer cell detection equipment and renowned&nbsp; doctors in the field of cancer from the hospital.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now you shouldn't have any concerns, right?" Steve was annoyed. At a time like this, he was&nbsp;&nbsp; still making excuses to avoid the drug test? No way!&nbsp; Seeing that the other party was so well&nbsp; prepared, Xiao Qiang was overjoyed.&nbsp; "No problem, then start taking&nbsp; the medication immediately..."&nbsp; These patients began to systematically&nbsp; collect the emergency version of "Contal"&nbsp;&nbsp; (containing five tablets per bottle)&nbsp; in the exhibition hall by presenting&nbsp;&nbsp; their identification and medical records. Meanwhile, the group of staff accompanying Steve&nbsp;&nbsp; began to quickly set up temporary tents and beds. After receiving their medication, patients entered&nbsp;&nbsp; the tents in an orderly fashion to rest. Meanwhile, 25 media outlets and radio&nbsp;&nbsp; stations are broadcasting every scene&nbsp; from the scene without any blind spots.&nbsp; Soon, in addition to patients&nbsp; and staff from 25 media outlets,&nbsp;&nbsp; a large number of pharmaceutical distributors&nbsp; from around the world gathered at the scene.&nbsp; Although they were "ordered" not to contact the&nbsp; staff of Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall,&nbsp;&nbsp; otherwise they would no longer be able to obtain&nbsp; a single medicine from pharmaceutical companies&nbsp;&nbsp; within the Global Alliance for Innovative Drugs. Now, thanks to the innovative drug alliance,&nbsp;&nbsp; Huaxia TCM Hall's actions have led these&nbsp; drug distributors to have some doubts&nbsp;&nbsp; about the authenticity of "Kangtailui". Although they claim to have obtained&nbsp;&nbsp; drug production and sales licenses from&nbsp; the Western 25-nation alliance and the&nbsp;&nbsp; United States, they have yet to make&nbsp; the relevant paper documents public.&nbsp; Is something fishy going on? Or what is the reason?&nbsp; These pharmaceutical distributors wouldn't&nbsp; dare gamble with the future of their companies.&nbsp; But let's just watch the show. Your Innovative&nbsp; Drug Alliance should have nothing to say, right?&nbsp; The area outside the Huaxia Traditional Chinese&nbsp; Medicine Hall exhibition hall quickly became&nbsp;&nbsp; packed with people, as if everyone at the&nbsp; entire expo had come here to join the fun!&nbsp; Many Los Angeles locals saw the news&nbsp; report through various media outlets&nbsp;&nbsp; and television stations and began to set&nbsp; off to the scene. Most of these people were&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer patients or their family members. Even some patients and their families from&nbsp;&nbsp; cities around Los Angeles are eager to try and&nbsp; are preparing to head to the Big Health Expo.&nbsp; Patients across the entire M region were almost&nbsp; all sitting in front of their televisions,&nbsp;&nbsp; watching the live broadcast. They wanted to&nbsp; witness firsthand whether the medicine produced&nbsp;&nbsp; by this Chinese pharmaceutical company&nbsp; was truly as miraculous as advertised,&nbsp;&nbsp; capable of bringing terminally&nbsp; ill patients back to life.&nbsp; Every cancer patient will never&nbsp; give up any hope of survival.&nbsp; Soon, all 90 patients had finished taking their&nbsp; medication and entered the temporary rest area.&nbsp; The 25 media outlets kept switching&nbsp; back and forth, constantly showing&nbsp;&nbsp; images of these patients' faces. Time passed second by second!&nbsp; In front of the Huaxia Traditional&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Hall exhibition hall,&nbsp;&nbsp; crowds thronged, some leaving briefly,&nbsp; only to be constantly surrounded by others.&nbsp; The Global Health Expo should have ended at&nbsp; 6:30 p.m., and pharmaceutical representatives,&nbsp;&nbsp; distributors, and passersby would&nbsp; have left the expo one after another.&nbsp; But today is quite different. The&nbsp; expo site is still packed with people,&nbsp;&nbsp; but a closer look reveals that they are&nbsp; all gathered around the Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Throughout the expo, although the other&nbsp;&nbsp; pharmaceutical companies' booths were also&nbsp; exceptionally well-lit, they were all completely&nbsp;&nbsp; empty and deserted. 9:40!&nbsp; Reporters from various media outlets&nbsp; and television stations began their&nbsp;&nbsp; live broadcasts almost simultaneously. "Good evening, everyone watching on&nbsp;&nbsp; TV. It is 9:40 PM Eastern Time in the United&nbsp; States. In 10 minutes, the on-site trial of&nbsp;&nbsp; Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall's&nbsp; anti-cancer drug will reach its 12-hour mark."&nbsp; Within half an hour at most, the first cancer&nbsp; cell monitoring results for these terminally&nbsp;&nbsp; ill patients after taking the&nbsp; medication will be available.&nbsp; At 9:50 a.m.,&nbsp;&nbsp; the 90 patients arrived one by one in front of a&nbsp; large medical monitoring device and lay down in&nbsp;&nbsp; an orderly manner inside the device for testing. This device is professionally known as a rapid&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer cell detection instrument. It is a highly&nbsp; efficient detection device newly developed in the&nbsp;&nbsp; United States. It can detect a patient's&nbsp; cancer cell data almost immediately after&nbsp;&nbsp; the patient is placed under the device. Compared with the results of traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; testing methods, its accuracy is as high as 99%,&nbsp; but the detection speed has been improved to an&nbsp;&nbsp; astonishing level. 10:25!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang immediately set up a press conference. Professor Hans, Director of Surgical Oncology at&nbsp;&nbsp; the M-US-Australia Clinic, and Professor&nbsp; Caitlin, Director of Surgical Oncology&nbsp;&nbsp; at the Cleveland Clinic, were seated&nbsp; on the stage at the press conference.&nbsp; Although the names of the American and Australian&nbsp; clinics and the Cleveland Clinic contain the&nbsp;&nbsp; word "clinic," they are completely different&nbsp; from clinics in China. Both clinics are the&nbsp;&nbsp; strongest comprehensive medical institutions&nbsp; in the United States, representing the most&nbsp;&nbsp; advanced medical technology in the country. Professor Hans and Professor Caitlin are hailed&nbsp;&nbsp; as the top cancer doctors in the United States. Edwards went to great lengths to expose the&nbsp;&nbsp; hypocrisy and despicable nature of&nbsp; Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine&nbsp;&nbsp; Hall and to suppress traditional Chinese medicine. The investment of money and manpower is enormous.&nbsp; Standing on the stage with the two top&nbsp; medical professionals were Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; and Fu Hao from Huaxia TCM Clinic,&nbsp; and Steve, representing the media.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, the mystery is about to be&nbsp; revealed. How are you feeling now?"&nbsp; Steve now enjoys seeing Xiao Qiang's nervous&nbsp; and worried expression. Every time the other&nbsp;&nbsp; party shows that uneasy, evasive, and evasive&nbsp; manner, he feels a strange sense of pleasure.&nbsp; "Me? I'm in a good mood. Look how&nbsp; enthusiastic the people of the US are."&nbsp; After saying that, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; gave Steve a meaningful smile.&nbsp; "Trying to appear more important than you are,&nbsp; let's see how long you can keep up the act..."&nbsp; Steve felt inexplicably annoyed when&nbsp; he saw Xiao Qiang's smiling face. Chapter 127: Unexpected Changes? 10:30!&nbsp; At this point, two medical workers&nbsp; brought over two stacks of test reports,&nbsp;&nbsp; one containing test data before the patient&nbsp; took the medication and the other containing&nbsp;&nbsp; test data after taking the medication. Knowing that the answer was about to&nbsp;&nbsp; be revealed, thousands of people at the&nbsp; scene cooperated by lowering their voices,&nbsp;&nbsp; while countless cancer patients watching&nbsp; the live broadcast on television and&nbsp;&nbsp; computers also waited expectantly for&nbsp; the final revelation of the answer.&nbsp; Professors Hans and Caitlin, looking on with&nbsp; anticipation, began to examine the test reports.&nbsp; As two highly respected and compassionate&nbsp; physicians, they have witnessed too many&nbsp;&nbsp; life-and-death situations, and they are&nbsp; extremely eager for the emergence of new&nbsp;&nbsp; technologies and new inventions that&nbsp; can save the lives of these patients.&nbsp; Meanwhile, the 25 media outlets in front of the&nbsp; press conference stage focused all their cameras&nbsp;&nbsp; on the faces of these two medical experts. After the two finished reading the first&nbsp;&nbsp; patient's test report, an expression&nbsp; of disbelief appeared on their faces.&nbsp;&nbsp; This expression was captured by the camera and&nbsp; transmitted to everyone watching on television.&nbsp; This also includes many people in the&nbsp; office of Edwards, the chairman of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Alliance for Innovative Medicines Council. Two top cancer doctors from Country M looked&nbsp;&nbsp; at the test reports in their hands, becoming&nbsp; increasingly shocked. It was simply unbelievable.&nbsp; This is not an isolated case of cancer cell&nbsp; reduction in a few patients taking the medication,&nbsp;&nbsp; but rather a result observed in all patients. Among all patients, the number of cancer&nbsp;&nbsp; cells decreased by a minimum&nbsp; of 50% and a maximum of 80%.&nbsp; This was only 12 hours&nbsp; after taking the medication.&nbsp; This directly challenged the understanding&nbsp; of two of the world's top authorities in&nbsp;&nbsp; the field of cancer treatment. They simply cannot use their&nbsp;&nbsp; knowledge and experience to provide a scientific&nbsp; explanation for such a shocking phenomenon.&nbsp; Standing in front of the television&nbsp; station, Edwards and the others,&nbsp;&nbsp; seeing the increasingly serious and shocked&nbsp; expressions on the faces of the two authorities,&nbsp;&nbsp; instinctively had a bad feeling. "Call Steve and find out what's going on."&nbsp; Edwards immediately arranged for an assistant. The assistant immediately tried to contact Steve,&nbsp;&nbsp; but by then, Steve's phone was&nbsp; already switched off because&nbsp;&nbsp; he had greeted too many people that day. "Fuck...this idiot...turning off the phone&nbsp;&nbsp; at this hour...what the hell is that...?" Edwards was immediately enraged.&nbsp; After Professor Hans and Professor Caitlin&nbsp; finished reviewing all the patients' test reports,&nbsp;&nbsp; they exchanged a glance, both seeing&nbsp; extreme shock in each other's eyes.&nbsp; "Professor Hans, Professor&nbsp; Caitlin, may we now begin the&nbsp;&nbsp; professional interpretation of the test results?" This time, it was Xiao Qiang who brought it up,&nbsp;&nbsp; which surprised Steve a bit. At this point, shouldn't you&nbsp;&nbsp; be making excuses and trying every possible&nbsp; way to prevent professional interpretations?&nbsp; Hans and Caitlin looked at Xiao Qiang with&nbsp; serious expressions, just about to speak.&nbsp; Their phones rang almost simultaneously,&nbsp; and then they looked at the caller ID...&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, excuse me, we&nbsp; need to take this call..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded, "Of course, no problem!" Hans and his companion stood up almost&nbsp;&nbsp; simultaneously and left their&nbsp; seats at the press conference.&nbsp; "Mr. Edwards, is there&nbsp; anything I can help you with?"&nbsp; "Mr. Hans, I need to know the actual&nbsp; test results for those 90 patients."&nbsp; Hans frowned slightly, wondering why the&nbsp; other party had called so urgently to&nbsp;&nbsp; inquire about the test results at this time. Because if it weren't for his phone call,&nbsp;&nbsp; within two minutes at most, he and Caitlin would&nbsp; have announced the test results through 25 media&nbsp;&nbsp; outlets and radio stations. What exactly do you want to&nbsp;&nbsp; achieve in these two minutes? "Mr. Edwards, we are about to&nbsp;&nbsp; announce the results of this clinical trial!" You should be in front of the TV right now, right?&nbsp; Why don't you wait another three&nbsp; minutes? You'll know the answer then..."&nbsp; Edwards frowned; he hadn't expected Hans to answer&nbsp; him like that, which greatly displeased him.&nbsp; "Dr. Hans, do you know who the second largest&nbsp; shareholder of your American and Australian&nbsp;&nbsp; clinic is? It's our Huihui Ruier Company." I can easily get the board of directors of&nbsp;&nbsp; the American and Australian clinics to fire&nbsp; any doctor, no matter how skilled they are.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think you should be aware of that fact. I won't ask you about the specific clinical&nbsp;&nbsp; test results of those 90 patients. All I want&nbsp; to hear is that "Kangtairui," produced by Huaxia&nbsp;&nbsp; TCM Clinic, did not achieve the expected efficacy&nbsp; and could not bring cancer patients back to life.&nbsp; If things go smoothly, I will transfer 0.1%&nbsp; of the shares in the US-Australia Clinic to&nbsp;&nbsp; your name; you should know its value. Without waiting for Hans's response,&nbsp;&nbsp; Edwards hung up the phone. He had already used&nbsp; both threats and inducements, and he believed that&nbsp;&nbsp; any normal person would make the right choice. After hanging up the phone, Hans walked toward the&nbsp;&nbsp; press conference venue with a gloomy expression. Midway there, he encountered Caitlin,&nbsp;&nbsp; who had the same expression. The two did not exchange any&nbsp;&nbsp; words and went straight back to&nbsp; their seats at the press conference.&nbsp; Seeing the dramatic change in their expressions,&nbsp; and recalling that they had both received a phone&nbsp;&nbsp; call at almost the same time, Xiao Qiang felt a&nbsp; sudden chill. "Could something have happened...?"&nbsp; But now the die was cast and the decision&nbsp; had to be made. He didn't know if the two&nbsp;&nbsp; people would agree if he directly announced&nbsp; the cancellation of today's press conference,&nbsp;&nbsp; but at the very least, the tens of&nbsp; thousands of people present would not agree.&nbsp; "Professor Hans, Professor Caitlin, may we begin?" The two hesitated for a moment, then nodded.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang immediately took on the role&nbsp; of the impromptu press conference host.&nbsp; "First of all, I would like to thank&nbsp; all the audience members here and all&nbsp;&nbsp; the viewers in front of the TV for their&nbsp; research on the fight against cancer."&nbsp; After a long 12-hour wait, the&nbsp; moment of truth has finally arrived.&nbsp; Alright, now Dr. Hans and Dr. Caitlin, who are&nbsp; widely respected and loved by their patients,&nbsp;&nbsp; will reveal tonight's test results. They are the greatest doctors,&nbsp;&nbsp; saving countless lives with their superb medical&nbsp; skills. Let's give them a warm round of applause.&nbsp; Steve was even more confused.&nbsp; "This isn't right!" Why are you so eager to reveal the answer, kid?&nbsp; But at this moment, even though he&nbsp; had many doubts, he could only wait&nbsp;&nbsp; until after the press conference to verify them. Hans hesitated before picking up the microphone&nbsp;&nbsp; beside him, glancing at Xiao Qiang and Professor&nbsp; Caitlin beside him, and then at the cancer&nbsp;&nbsp; patients on stage who looked on with anticipation. The hesitation in his heart became more obvious,&nbsp;&nbsp; as if he were having some kind&nbsp; of intense internal struggle.&nbsp; And so does Caitlin. The expressions of the two doctors&nbsp;&nbsp; were displayed to tens of thousands of people&nbsp; through the live broadcast, but none of them knew&nbsp;&nbsp; what had happened to these two renowned doctors&nbsp; at that moment, or why they looked so conflicted.&nbsp; Edwards, however, was fully aware of this! Looking at their expressions, he sneered inwardly. Chapter 128: A Dramatic Plot Twist Amidst the intense anticipation of&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone present, Professor Hans was the first&nbsp; to turn on the microphone in front of him.&nbsp; "Good evening to everyone here and those watching&nbsp;&nbsp; on TV. Thank you for waiting&nbsp; through these long 12 hours."&nbsp; The clinical test results of these 90 patients&nbsp; after taking "Contari" have now been released.&nbsp; I was responsible for reviewing the&nbsp; before-and-after case comparisons of 50 patients.&nbsp; Next, I will explain the medication&nbsp; results of these 50 patients.&nbsp; As soon as Professor Hans finished speaking,&nbsp; the room fell silent; you could hear a pin&nbsp;&nbsp; drop. Everyone stared intently at Hans's face. Especially for cancer patients, they have pinned&nbsp;&nbsp; their hopes for life on this miracle drug. Edwards held a wine glass in his hand,&nbsp;&nbsp; the 1982 Lafite red wine inside slowly swirling&nbsp; as he gently swirled the glass, the wine clinging&nbsp;&nbsp; softly to the glass like a red ribbon. His expression was relaxed; he firmly&nbsp;&nbsp; believed that no one could refuse a 0.1%&nbsp; stake in the American-Australian clinic,&nbsp;&nbsp; which was worth $5 million. Even if you are a highly skilled doctor,&nbsp;&nbsp; it would take you many years to earn $5 million. At the press conference!&nbsp; Professor Hans paused for a few&nbsp; seconds, then cleared his throat.&nbsp; "The test reports of the 50 patients I&nbsp; was responsible for verifying this time,&nbsp;&nbsp; after comparing the cancer cell&nbsp; data before and after medication,&nbsp;&nbsp; revealed that the number of cancer cells in&nbsp; all 50 patients... decreased sharply by 50%..."&nbsp; Upon hearing the news, Edwards instantly&nbsp; flew into a rage, smashing his wine&nbsp;&nbsp; glass against the television, which went&nbsp; completely black after a shower of sparks.&nbsp; Edwards wasn't the only one bewildered; the other&nbsp; members of the Alliance for Innovative Drugs,&nbsp;&nbsp; as well as Steve and Caitlin sitting on the&nbsp; stage at the press conference, were also stunned.&nbsp; Especially Caitlin, who clearly knew that&nbsp; Hans had also received that threatening and&nbsp;&nbsp; tempting phone call. While she was&nbsp; still hesitating, she didn't expect&nbsp;&nbsp; that Hans had already made the right choice. They are doctors, whose duty is to save lives&nbsp;&nbsp; and heal the wounded, and yet she herself had&nbsp; just experienced a wavering of her convictions,&nbsp;&nbsp; which made her feel extremely ashamed. Hans continued his explanation, "In 15%&nbsp;&nbsp; of the patients, the cancer cells decreased by&nbsp; 70%, and in seven patients, the tumor lesions&nbsp;&nbsp; shrank to almost half of their original size." Based on my 20 years of medical experience,&nbsp;&nbsp; these 50 patients are completely out of danger...&nbsp; Now, Professor Caitlin will interpret the test&nbsp;&nbsp; results of the 40 patients she is responsible for. Caitlin's expression had changed from one of&nbsp;&nbsp; confusion to one of ease. She turned on the&nbsp; microphone and began her interpretation.&nbsp; Undoubtedly, the 40 patients under Caitlin's care&nbsp; experienced significant relief after taking the&nbsp;&nbsp; medication, and their lives were no&nbsp; longer in danger in the short term.&nbsp; The interpretations by the two leading experts in&nbsp; the field of cancer treatment instantly ignited&nbsp;&nbsp; a frenzy among millions of patients both&nbsp; at the scene and watching on television.&nbsp; Inside a high-end villa in Washington,&nbsp; D.C., the capital of the United States,&nbsp;&nbsp; an 80-year-old white man excitedly began to&nbsp; wiggle, which startled his Filipino maid.&nbsp; I tried to stop him immediately, but the old man&nbsp; wouldn't listen and continued to happily wiggle.&nbsp; The Filipino maid had no choice&nbsp; but to run upstairs and call the&nbsp;&nbsp; old man's son, Little Buffon, down. That's right, this man is the current&nbsp;&nbsp; president of the United States, von der Leyen,&nbsp; and the 80-year-old man who is gesturing wildly&nbsp;&nbsp; at this moment is von der Leyen, the&nbsp; former president of the United States,&nbsp;&nbsp; who was diagnosed with liver cancer a month ago. The fact that one family produced two presidents&nbsp;&nbsp; has given the Buffon family an extremely&nbsp; strong influence in the United States.&nbsp; "Oh, Dad, what's wrong with&nbsp; you? Why are you in such a&nbsp;&nbsp; high spirits today? Can your body handle it?" "Son, come quick! Look at this news broadcast from&nbsp;&nbsp; the M country's radio and television station..." After watching for only a short while, little&nbsp;&nbsp; Buffon became incredibly excited, exclaiming,&nbsp; "Dad, you're saved! That's wonderful..."&nbsp; Due to his advanced age, after being&nbsp; diagnosed with cancer, Buffon opted for&nbsp;&nbsp; conservative treatment instead of surgery. Having weathered many storms in his life,&nbsp;&nbsp; the elderly Buffon has long since taken&nbsp; a detached view of life and death at&nbsp;&nbsp; this age. He happily takes his medicine and&nbsp; watches TV every day, living a carefree life.&nbsp; However, after seeing the press&nbsp; conference for "Kangtai Rui" tonight,&nbsp;&nbsp; my usually calm mind was slightly disturbed. "Dad, wait for me, I'll fly there tonight to&nbsp;&nbsp; personally get you the medicine..." The Global Health Expo and the press&nbsp; conference for Huaxia TCM Hall.&nbsp; After hearing Hans and Professor&nbsp; Caitlin's interpretation of the&nbsp;&nbsp; test report, Xiao Qiang finally felt relieved. At the same time, I have great admiration for&nbsp;&nbsp; the medical ethics and conduct of the two doctors.&nbsp; They were able to remain true to their original&nbsp;&nbsp; aspirations despite the power and temptations they&nbsp; faced. It takes a lot of firm belief to do that.&nbsp; "Dear Professor Hans and Professor Caitlin,&nbsp; does this test prove that our previous claims&nbsp;&nbsp; were not exaggerated, and also prove that&nbsp; 'Kangtai Rui,' produced by Huaxia TCM Clinic,&nbsp;&nbsp; has a universal therapeutic effect on&nbsp; cancer, regardless of region or population?"&nbsp; Hans and Caitlin responded in unison, "Yes!" Now everyone cheered and rallied once again.&nbsp; Sitting next to Xiao Qiang, Steve looked&nbsp; at the huge difference in Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; behavior before and after, and finally&nbsp; realized that he had been completely&nbsp;&nbsp; played and ruthlessly used by the other party. The other party essentially took advantage of&nbsp;&nbsp; my eagerness to expose Huaxia TCM Hall's&nbsp; false advertising, constantly manipulating&nbsp;&nbsp; me until I happily fell into their trap. The end result was that these 25 media&nbsp;&nbsp; outlets spent 12 hours of their&nbsp; time and effort promoting Huaxia&nbsp;&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Clinic for free. Most importantly, they arranged for the patients,&nbsp;&nbsp; they contacted the medical equipment, and they&nbsp; coordinated everything using various resources…&nbsp; The more Steve thought about it, the more he felt&nbsp; like he was the biggest idiot in the world, and&nbsp;&nbsp; Edwards, well, he was the granddaddy of idiots… They're providing both money and resources!&nbsp; However, Steve thought that he had at&nbsp; least made tens of millions of dollars&nbsp;&nbsp; in profit, and he instantly felt much better. But poor Edwards, all his efforts were in vain.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang spoke again, "Let me&nbsp; take this opportunity to introduce&nbsp;&nbsp; myself to everyone for a few more minutes." The scene, which had been incredibly noisy&nbsp;&nbsp; just moments before, fell silent once more. "Our 'Contair' product comes in two models:&nbsp;&nbsp; an emergency rescue version and&nbsp; a routine maintenance version."&nbsp; The 90 late-stage cancer patients just now took&nbsp; the emergency version, which can save their lives.&nbsp; This transforms cancer from a terminal illness&nbsp; into a chronic disease, meaning that as long&nbsp;&nbsp; as the patient continues to take the maintenance&nbsp; medication regularly, the cancer will never recur.&nbsp; Hopefully, pharmaceutical distributors&nbsp; from all over the world will seize&nbsp;&nbsp; this opportunity to bring good news to&nbsp; patients in their respective countries.&nbsp; Please note that the "Kangtairui" agency&nbsp; qualification is only open to the public&nbsp;&nbsp; at this expo, and no more slots will be added&nbsp; afterward, so please seize this opportunity.&nbsp; That means everyone has&nbsp; only three days left to try! Chapter 129 The President Seeks Medicine the more than 1,000 pharmaceutical distributors&nbsp; below the stage immediately became alert.&nbsp; Choosing to stay within the current group&nbsp; of over twenty innovative drug oligopolies?&nbsp; But after such a large-scale live broadcast&nbsp; tonight, will cancer patients still choose&nbsp;&nbsp; chemotherapy plus radiotherapy or other&nbsp; treatments that only treat the symptoms&nbsp;&nbsp; and not the root cause? Obviously not.&nbsp; But if they directly leave the innovative&nbsp; drug alliance, will there be other unforeseen&nbsp;&nbsp; risks? After all, this is a relatively&nbsp; unknown pharmaceutical company in China.&nbsp; "What is your company's bulk agency price for&nbsp; 'Kangtailui'? We need to consider this carefully!"&nbsp; At this point, a pharmaceutical&nbsp; distributor from North America,&nbsp;&nbsp; Canada, raised a question, which was actually&nbsp; a concern for all the distributors present.&nbsp; Since he was attending the Global&nbsp; Health Expo, Xiao Qiang had&nbsp;&nbsp; naturally already thought about this issue. "The emergency supply of Contara is priced at&nbsp;&nbsp; $30,000 USD in wholesale and retail overseas,&nbsp; with a suggested retail price of $50,000 USD."&nbsp; For the daily maintenance version of Contara,&nbsp; one tablet per day, 30 tablets per box,&nbsp;&nbsp; the wholesale and retail price is $300 per box,&nbsp; and the suggested retail price is $500 per box.&nbsp; "Wow, that's so cheap..." One of the patients in the crowd&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly exclaimed, which caused the surrounding&nbsp; people to burst into laughter. This was indeed the&nbsp;&nbsp; common cry in everyone's hearts at that moment. It's important to know that treating cancer in&nbsp;&nbsp; the US can easily cost $250,000, and most&nbsp; importantly, it's not a cure; at most,&nbsp;&nbsp; it only extends survival by a few years. This product, Contara, can achieve a&nbsp;&nbsp; basic cure for $50,000, with subsequent&nbsp; maintenance costs of only $3,600 per year.&nbsp; This is such a great deal! "If you have any further questions,&nbsp;&nbsp; please come into our exhibition hall. We have&nbsp; professional staff to answer your questions!"&nbsp; That evening, some pharmaceutical distributors&nbsp; from Asian, African and Latin American countries&nbsp;&nbsp; went directly into the exhibition hall to inquire&nbsp; about the details of becoming distributors again.&nbsp; After the press conference, Xiao Qiang returned to&nbsp; the presidential suite, but the good night was too&nbsp;&nbsp; short and the beautiful woman was hard to find. Most importantly, I won't be able to stay&nbsp;&nbsp; in the US for more than a few days. It was nearly 11:30 p.m. when they returned&nbsp;&nbsp; to the room. Xiao Qiang gently woke Su Maya from&nbsp; her sleep using both his hands and his mouth.&nbsp; After gently feeding her, the two&nbsp; fell asleep in each other's arms.&nbsp; The next morning, before Xiao Qiang's sun&nbsp; was high in the sky, his phone rang urgently.&nbsp; He forced back the urge to curse and answered&nbsp; the phone, "Xiao Qiang, come to the showroom&nbsp;&nbsp; right now, something terrible has happened..." Fu Hao's words, "Something terrible has happened,"&nbsp;&nbsp; startled Xiao Qiang so much that&nbsp; he instantly lost his sleepiness.&nbsp; "Fu Hao, don't rush, tell&nbsp; me slowly what's wrong..."&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, a group of heavily armed&nbsp; personnel just arrived in front of the&nbsp;&nbsp; exhibition hall. They said a very important&nbsp; person is coming later, so we need to&nbsp;&nbsp; establish a small-scale security perimeter..." Xiao Qiang was suspicious. Armed? A big shot?&nbsp; He was completely bewildered. Had he offended some&nbsp; important figure with the trouble he caused today,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that person was coming to settle scores? Unable to figure it out, he decided to stop&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking about it and immediately&nbsp; started getting dressed.&nbsp; Meanwhile, Su Maya, who was still in bed, was&nbsp; puzzled by Xiao Qiang's actions. Wasn't she&nbsp;&nbsp; supposed to be doing morning exercises? Should we switch to morning runs?&nbsp; So she prepared to get dressed, but Xiao&nbsp; Qiang immediately stopped her, saying,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Maya, sleep a little longer. There's an urgent&nbsp; matter at the company that I need to handle."&nbsp; Sumaya nodded obediently! When Xiao Qiang arrived at the scene,&nbsp;&nbsp; he was completely bewildered to see about 20&nbsp; "bodyguards" dressed in black ties and armed&nbsp;&nbsp; with guns surrounding the exhibition hall. At that moment, a burly white man walked&nbsp;&nbsp; over with a smile. "Excuse me, are you Mr. Xiao&nbsp; Qiang, the person in charge of Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Clinic?" "Mr. Xiao, it's a pleasure to meet you. I am&nbsp; James from the U.S. Federal Secret Service."&nbsp; This left Xiao Qiang even more bewildered.&nbsp; The M Federal Special Service Agency—although&nbsp;&nbsp; he didn't know exactly what this department&nbsp; did, the name sounded incredibly powerful.&nbsp; "Nice to meet you!" People may be confused,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they must not neglect basic manners! "Mr. Xiao, it's like this, President Buffon&nbsp;&nbsp; Jr. of the M Federal Government will be visiting&nbsp; you soon, and we're just making some security&nbsp;&nbsp; arrangements in advance!" "What?&nbsp; Is Gianluigi Buffon coming&nbsp; to our company showroom?&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was truly shocked this time. I have no connection with Buffon,&nbsp;&nbsp; so what's he doing here? Before he could think further,&nbsp;&nbsp; two extended Lincoln limousines stopped&nbsp; 10 meters in front of the showroom.&nbsp; James rushed out to greet them,&nbsp; while Xiao Qiang stood quietly&nbsp;&nbsp; watching the group of people bustling about. Soon, a smart and energetic middle-aged man&nbsp;&nbsp; wearing jeans and a plaid long-sleeved&nbsp; shirt walked towards Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; surrounded by a group of people. Among the onlookers 10 meters away,&nbsp;&nbsp; some sharp-eyed individuals&nbsp; quickly noticed something amiss.&nbsp; "Oh my god, it's Buffon..." "Yes, it really is Buffon. Could it&nbsp;&nbsp; be that Buffon also has cancer...?" The crowd erupted in excitement, and then&nbsp; all sorts of rumors began to circulate.&nbsp; And among the 25 media reporters from&nbsp; yesterday, some soon received the news again.&nbsp; I hurriedly rushed to the exhibition hall&nbsp; of Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall.&nbsp; At the expo, visitors and pharmaceutical&nbsp; distributors scattered in front of various&nbsp;&nbsp; exhibition halls once again gathered in&nbsp; front of the Huaxia TCM Hall exhibition hall.&nbsp; Inside the VIP exhibition hall of Huaxia&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall!&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, hello, I am Little Buffon,&nbsp; please forgive my unauthorized visit."&nbsp; I am visiting today only as a son. Yesterday, I learned from the TV that your&nbsp;&nbsp; company's new anti-cancer drug has remarkable&nbsp; curative effects, so I rushed from Washington,&nbsp;&nbsp; D.C. to Los Angeles overnight. I simply want to buy from you&nbsp;&nbsp; the miracle medicine to save my elderly father. Now Xiao Qiang finally understood the whole story.&nbsp; It turns out his father had cancer, and&nbsp; after seeing yesterday's live stream,&nbsp;&nbsp; he came here asking for medicine! Xiao Qiang's anxiety finally subsided.&nbsp; "Oh, I see. I thought I had&nbsp; committed a crime in the US."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang glanced at the group of&nbsp; armed plainclothes bodyguards outside&nbsp;&nbsp; the door and said half-jokingly. "Huh? Haha, how could that be..."&nbsp; James, tell everyone outside to come back&nbsp; inside. Don't disrupt their business...&nbsp; "Mr. President, your safety..." "It's alright in this room..."&nbsp; James couldn't persuade Gianluigi Buffon&nbsp; otherwise, so he had to move the 20 plainclothes&nbsp;&nbsp; bodyguards outside the VIP area to the room. "Mr. Xiao, I wonder if your company has any&nbsp;&nbsp; surplus medicines available to sell me&nbsp; during your trip to the United States..."&nbsp; Seeing the president of Country M, who usually&nbsp; appeared arrogant and unruly on television,&nbsp;&nbsp; now humbly asking him for medicine, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang couldn't help but feel a surge of pride.&nbsp; "Please wait a moment..." After saying that, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; left the VIP room and took out a box of emergency&nbsp; version Contara and 30 boxes of daily maintenance&nbsp;&nbsp; version from the warehouse. Then return to the VIP room.&nbsp; "Mr. Buffon, this is medicine for&nbsp; your father. I believe your father&nbsp;&nbsp; will live to be a hundred years old!" Little Buffon looked flattered and ordered&nbsp;&nbsp; his men to quickly put it away. "Thank you so much!" With that,&nbsp;&nbsp; he placed several stacks of US dollars&nbsp; on the table in front of Xiao Qiang. Chapter 130: 564 Agency&nbsp; Contracts, 900 Billion US Dollars&nbsp; Xiao Qiang glanced at the stacks&nbsp; of US dollars, smiled slightly,&nbsp;&nbsp; and placed them back in front of Little Buffon. “Mr. Buffon, I’m not giving you these medicines&nbsp;&nbsp; for the money. The promotional value that your&nbsp; visit to our company showroom brings to our&nbsp;&nbsp; product far exceeds the value of these medicines.” Xiao Qiang spoke subtly, but the astute Buffon&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately understood what he meant. Then he laughed heartily.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, you are a very interesting young man." I like your directness.&nbsp; Then I won't stand on ceremony&nbsp; with you. Thank you so much.&nbsp; After exchanging pleasantries for&nbsp; a while, Buffon prepared to leave,&nbsp;&nbsp; as the president of a major country is extremely&nbsp; busy and doesn't have much personal time.&nbsp; When Xiao Qiang escorted Buffon to&nbsp; the outside of the exhibition hall,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Buffon saw many media outlets recording&nbsp; and taking photos of the exhibition hall,&nbsp;&nbsp; he directly reached out his hand to Xiao Qiang. Xiao Qiang instinctively reached out and&nbsp;&nbsp; shook hands with the other person. At this moment, Little Buffon spoke&nbsp;&nbsp; up in a low voice, "Xiao, look ahead,&nbsp; let them take a free photo of us!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was taken aback. Of course, he&nbsp; knew that this was a gesture of goodwill&nbsp;&nbsp; from Little Buffon. He was taking the initiative&nbsp; to promote Huaxia Chinese Medicine Hall. Little&nbsp;&nbsp; Buffon himself might not have much goodwill&nbsp; towards Huaxia, but he still showed considerable&nbsp;&nbsp; magnanimity towards the pharmaceutical&nbsp; company that saved his father's life.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang immediately reached out and shook hands&nbsp; with Buffon, then smiled at the media cameras.&nbsp; The media captured this classic moment. According to sources, the current president of the&nbsp;&nbsp; United States came to Huaxia Traditional Chinese&nbsp; Medicine Hall to seek medicine for his elderly&nbsp;&nbsp; father who is suffering from cancer, because the&nbsp; anti-cancer drug "Kangtairui" is expected to be&nbsp;&nbsp; available in the United States for some time. For cancer patients, time is life.&nbsp; After yesterday's live broadcast incident, the&nbsp; group of agents had begun to soften their stance,&nbsp;&nbsp; and when they got home that night, they even took&nbsp; out their computers and did a lot of calculations.&nbsp; They discovered that if they could secure&nbsp; the exclusive distribution rights for this&nbsp;&nbsp; drug in their country, the huge increase in&nbsp; the patient base and the stable demand for&nbsp;&nbsp; maintenance medication during the subsequent&nbsp; survival period would mean they would earn&nbsp;&nbsp; more money each year than they had previously&nbsp; distributed for several other anticancer drugs.&nbsp; Because in the current market, there are many&nbsp; drugs from different manufacturers for each&nbsp;&nbsp; type of cancer, and the distribution rights for&nbsp; each drug are held by different distributors.&nbsp; Therefore, in the entire terminal sales market for&nbsp; anti-cancer drugs, there are actually thousands of&nbsp;&nbsp; distributors sharing this piece of the pie. In some countries, there is even&nbsp;&nbsp; competition among several agents. Now, when they learned that even the&nbsp;&nbsp; president of Country M had personally come to&nbsp; ask for the medicine, and that the president&nbsp;&nbsp; had even privately communicated with the person&nbsp; in charge for half an hour, the two acted like&nbsp;&nbsp; close friends who had made a New Year's Eve&nbsp; date, chatting and laughing as they left.&nbsp; This has led many people to start speculating. In this way, even the last shred of concern in the&nbsp;&nbsp; minds of these distributors disappeared. Screw&nbsp; the innovative drug alliance, screw Edwards…&nbsp; Dozens of pharmaceutical distributors from Country&nbsp; M were the first to rush into the exhibition hall&nbsp;&nbsp; of Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall. Country M has a total of 50 autonomous states,&nbsp;&nbsp; which are divided into 50 independent&nbsp; markets. The agency rights for each&nbsp;&nbsp; independent market are auctioned off. In other words, for a given market,&nbsp;&nbsp; the distributor who can secure the&nbsp; highest order value will be granted the&nbsp;&nbsp; drug distribution rights for that market. Moreover, before the bidding, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; stipulated that an agency agreement should be&nbsp; signed immediately after the bidding, and 20% of&nbsp;&nbsp; the payment should be deposited into Huaxia TCM&nbsp; Hall's foreign exchange account. Subsequently,&nbsp;&nbsp; once the supply of medicines is sufficient,&nbsp; medicines will be supplied on a prepayment basis.&nbsp; Otherwise, the exclusive agency&nbsp; agreement will not be effective.&nbsp; Seeing that the distributors in Country M were&nbsp; the first to abandon the International Alliance&nbsp;&nbsp; for Innovative Drugs, drug distributors from&nbsp; North and South America, the Western Alliance,&nbsp;&nbsp; and other countries rushed in as well,&nbsp; afraid that if they were too slow,&nbsp;&nbsp; they wouldn't even get a taste of the hot drink. Upon hearing the report from his subordinates,&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeffers, disregarding his shock, immediately&nbsp; instructed his numerous pharmaceutical&nbsp;&nbsp; distributors to do everything possible to secure&nbsp; distribution rights in more provinces or even&nbsp;&nbsp; countries within the Western Alliance. Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine&nbsp; Clinic was busy until 2 a.m. Fu Hao&nbsp;&nbsp; looked at the agents still queuing outside&nbsp; waiting to participate in the regional&nbsp;&nbsp; drug bidding and shook his head helplessly. They forcibly terminated their work for the&nbsp;&nbsp; day and told them to come back the next day. What happened in front of Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Hall today has left&nbsp; more than 20 members of the Innovative&nbsp;&nbsp; Drug Alliance extremely frustrated. Because today, they have made no&nbsp;&nbsp; progress in the field of anti-cancer drugs,&nbsp; and haven't even secured a single contract.&nbsp; They had no choice but to humble themselves&nbsp; and disregard their earlier firm statements,&nbsp;&nbsp; telling these international pharmaceutical&nbsp; distributors, "Even if you buy Huaxia TCM&nbsp;&nbsp; Hall's anti-cancer drugs, we will still sell&nbsp; you innovative drugs from other fields."&nbsp; This approach of being tough at the beginning&nbsp; and soft at the end was met with disdain by&nbsp;&nbsp; these international pharmaceutical&nbsp; distributors. They secretly sighed&nbsp;&nbsp; that the era of the oligopoly in innovative&nbsp; drugs having the final say might be over.&nbsp; For the next two days, Fu Hao and his team were&nbsp; extremely busy. On the last night of the expo,&nbsp;&nbsp; they worked through the night and&nbsp; didn't finish until 5 a.m. the next&nbsp;&nbsp; morning before returning to the hotel. After three busy days, Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Clinic achieved great success. They have secured 564 agency contracts in 194 of&nbsp;&nbsp; 233 countries and regions worldwide, with a&nbsp; total value of approximately US$900 billion.&nbsp; If we extrapolate this $900 billion based&nbsp; on the emergency version of Contari,&nbsp;&nbsp; it would amount to 30 million doses. With approximately 30 million existing&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer patients globally and 15-18 million new&nbsp; cancer patients each year, the initial demand for&nbsp;&nbsp; medication should be between 45-48 million cases. Therefore, 30 million orders are far from meeting&nbsp;&nbsp; the actual market demand. Of the 233 regions worldwide,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang specifically emphasized that Contari&nbsp; will not enter India because there is no patent&nbsp;&nbsp; protection in India, and generic drug companies&nbsp; can freely imitate any drug sold on the market.&nbsp; If patients in their country want to buy this&nbsp; drug, then they should make the trip to Huaxia&nbsp;&nbsp; Hospital to buy it. State Administration of Foreign Exchange of China! Inside the office of Director Tian Zhihong.&nbsp; "What? You're saying you detected that a foreign&nbsp; trade account called Huaxia TCM Hall received 180&nbsp;&nbsp; billion US dollars in just three days?" "Get this straight right now,&nbsp;&nbsp; or is the staff seeing things?" "Director Tian, there's no mistake. I've&nbsp;&nbsp; personally checked it several times. There's&nbsp; no problem; it's definitely 180 billion..."&nbsp; What does this company do? How could there be such a huge trading volume!&nbsp; Huh? Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine&nbsp; Clinic? Isn't that the company that&nbsp;&nbsp; produces "Shenyang Kangtai Pills"? But how could a pharmaceutical&nbsp;&nbsp; company possibly obtain such an&nbsp; enormous amount of foreign exchange?&nbsp; No, I have to report this&nbsp; to my superiors immediately.&nbsp; Soon the superior received the&nbsp; news and was initially stunned.&nbsp; In all the years of development in China, no&nbsp; company has ever been able to earn such a massive&nbsp;&nbsp; amount of foreign exchange in a single instance. It should be noted that even the Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; government at that time only had $3&nbsp; trillion in foreign exchange reserves. Chapter 131 The Chief's Summoning Upon hearing that it was Huaxia&nbsp;&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall,&nbsp; the leader immediately recognized it.&nbsp; Rescuing Congressman Okchin, developing Shenyang&nbsp; Kangtai Pills, and now another $180 billion...&nbsp; What kind of genius could accomplish such&nbsp; extraordinary feats one after another?&nbsp; After pondering for a moment, the&nbsp; leader became increasingly interested&nbsp;&nbsp; in this freshman at Yenching University. So he took out his phone and made a call.&nbsp; Joy makes the night seem&nbsp;&nbsp; too short, loneliness makes it seem too long! The days spent with Sumaia were always filled&nbsp;&nbsp; with joy and passion. The two explored&nbsp; and practiced, creating many new moves&nbsp;&nbsp; that were unheard of and never seen in movies. Sumaya stood almost naked in front of the large&nbsp;&nbsp; floor-to-ceiling mirror in the room, looking at&nbsp; her radiant reflection, and muttered to herself,&nbsp; "My skin seems even smoother and more delicate!" As soon as Xiao Qiang entered the room after&nbsp;&nbsp; taking a shower, he saw Su Maya's&nbsp; beautiful reflection in the mirror,&nbsp;&nbsp; her figure full and graceful. With their separation imminent,&nbsp;&nbsp; despite having already enjoyed themselves&nbsp; twice, Xiao Qiang briefly assessed his&nbsp;&nbsp; physical condition and felt that he could&nbsp; handle three more times without much trouble.&nbsp; Therefore, spring has come again! That bath was a complete waste of time...&nbsp; The night after the Big Health Expo ended,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and his group finally boarded&nbsp;&nbsp; the flight back to China, albeit reluctantly. Xiao Qiang finally understood the Li Longji&nbsp;&nbsp; described by Bai Juyi: "The spring night is&nbsp; short and the sun rises high, from then on the&nbsp;&nbsp; emperor no longer holds morning court." If I hadn't lived my life again and&nbsp;&nbsp; had higher aspirations in life... If it were anyone else with such a&nbsp;&nbsp; huge amount of wealth, they would probably&nbsp; live a more carefree life than Li Longji.&nbsp; At 3 a.m. the following day, Beijing&nbsp; time, Xiao Qiang and his group's plane&nbsp;&nbsp; finally landed at Beijing Airport. Fu Hao and his group were picked up&nbsp;&nbsp; by their colleagues from Huaxia Traditional&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Clinic, while Xiao Qiang was&nbsp;&nbsp; taken to Yihe Villa by Li Muyao. Inside Li Muyao's cozy villa!&nbsp; The two fell asleep in each other's&nbsp; arms, and Xiao Qiang once again felt&nbsp;&nbsp; the softness and smoothness of 36E. Xiao Qiang slept until 4 p.m. before&nbsp;&nbsp; finally waking up. When he picked up his phone,&nbsp; he saw more than 10 missed calls, while Li Muyao&nbsp;&nbsp; had already gone to attend to company matters. "Lin Haiyuan? What's the old man in such a hurry?"&nbsp; He immediately called Lin Haiyuan back. It&nbsp; seemed that the other end of the line was&nbsp;&nbsp; waiting for the call to come back, and the&nbsp; call was answered as soon as the phone rang.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, you brat, what have you been&nbsp; up to these past few days? Your phone&nbsp;&nbsp; is either switched off, or you can call&nbsp; ten or more times and no one answers..."&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan started by complaining, as&nbsp; if he had suffered a great injustice.&nbsp; "Haha, Grandpa Lin, I was in the US these&nbsp; past couple of days, so my phone was off.&nbsp;&nbsp; I only arrived in Yanjing early last night, and I&nbsp; just woke up, so I called you back right away..."&nbsp; "Oh? You just got back from the US? Then you'd&nbsp; better come here right away. The commander&nbsp;&nbsp; summoned you and specifically asked to see you!" "Huh? The commander wants to see me? Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; no problem, I'll be there right away." After hanging up the phone, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly got dressed, tidied his hair, and after&nbsp; confirming that there were no major problems,&nbsp;&nbsp; he drove Li Muyao's car to pick up Lin Haiyuan. In the car!&nbsp; "Old Lin, why did the commander summon&nbsp; me? I've always been law-abiding and&nbsp;&nbsp; haven't done anything wrong." Lin Haiyuan was both annoyed&nbsp;&nbsp; and amused. "Who told you that the commander&nbsp; summoned you because you committed a crime?"&nbsp; If you really do something wrong, there are&nbsp; police and national security officers around!&nbsp; Don't be nervous, it should be&nbsp; a good thing. I heard the leader&nbsp;&nbsp; speak of you with ease and full of appreciation. Have you done something earth-shattering lately?&nbsp; "No, I just went to the US to&nbsp; promote cancer drugs, nothing else!"&nbsp; "I don't know, we'll see what&nbsp; the commander tells you later."&nbsp; Guided by Lin Haiyuan, Xiao Qiang drove to a place&nbsp; that looked very similar to a retirement center,&nbsp;&nbsp; except that this "retirement center" exuded an&nbsp; antique charm and an air of elegance and luxury.&nbsp; The car eventually stopped in&nbsp; front of a small courtyard.&nbsp; The courtyard is a typical siheyuan (traditional&nbsp; courtyard house) layout, simple yet elegant.&nbsp; After Xiao Qiang followed Lin Haiyuan&nbsp; into a room, the two sat down.&nbsp; A moment later, a leader who frequently appeared&nbsp; on CCTV-V walked in with a smile. He was dressed&nbsp;&nbsp; relatively casually and did not exude the&nbsp; imposing aura he usually does in public.&nbsp; The two got up immediately. "Old Lin, please sit down, don't be shy..."&nbsp; This was the first time Xiao Qiang&nbsp; had seen his superior so closely,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he was extremely excited.&nbsp; "Hello, Commander..."&nbsp; "Young friend Xiao Qiang! Compared to your&nbsp; business-like demeanor when you boarded CCTV,&nbsp;&nbsp; you now look more like a college student!" Xiao Qiang was immediately startled.&nbsp;&nbsp; From the leader's first words, he&nbsp; immediately gleaned two key points.&nbsp; First: The leader was aware of his dual&nbsp; identity as a student and an entrepreneur.&nbsp; Second: The leader saw that&nbsp; I appeared on CCTV news.&nbsp; This made Xiao Qiang feel flattered and surprised! "Haha, you flatter me, sir. I'm dressed&nbsp;&nbsp; rather casually today..." "It's alright, it's alright.&nbsp;&nbsp; This isn't a formal or public occasion&nbsp; anyway. Look at me, I'm quite relaxed..."&nbsp; As he spoke, the leader graciously showed&nbsp; Xiao Qiang his old Beijing cloth shoes.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang felt a warmth in his heart; this&nbsp; was truly a kind and approachable leader!&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, do you know why&nbsp; I called you here this time?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang shook his head in confusion. The leader smiled and said, "I always thought&nbsp;&nbsp; you were just a college student who had at most&nbsp; started a small pharmaceutical company with the&nbsp;&nbsp; help of venture capital. I never expected that&nbsp; your small pharmaceutical company would achieve&nbsp;&nbsp; such remarkable results in just over a month." First, they produced Shenyang Kangtai Pills,&nbsp;&nbsp; and well, the effects were quite good. Xiao Qiang gave an awkward laugh.&nbsp; "Unexpectedly, in the past week, your small&nbsp; company has received hundreds of foreign exchange&nbsp;&nbsp; transactions, totaling 180 billion US dollars." Xiao Qiang was surprised by the leader's words,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he never expected that they would&nbsp; actually attract the leader's attention.&nbsp; Meanwhile, Lin Haiyuan, standing nearby,&nbsp; was so shocked he couldn't close his mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp; 180 billion? In US dollars? What are you&nbsp; doing? You're not selling arms, are you?&nbsp; This made Lin Haiyuan immediately feel uneasy. "Xiaoqiang, I'm curious, what kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; business are you in?" Throughout his speech,&nbsp;&nbsp; the leader subtly conveyed a sense of authority. This caused Lin Haiyuan, who was standing next&nbsp;&nbsp; to him, to break out in a cold sweat instantly. Xiao Qiang, however, seemed unconcerned, looking&nbsp;&nbsp; quite relaxed. So that's what it was all about. "Commander, thank you for your attention&nbsp;&nbsp; despite your busy schedule." Since you know that these $180&nbsp;&nbsp; billion were transferred to our company account in&nbsp; hundreds of transactions, I believe you also know&nbsp;&nbsp; that these hundreds of remittance entities&nbsp; are hundreds of pharmaceutical companies!&nbsp; The leader nodded noncommittally. "That's right, my $180 billion&nbsp;&nbsp; came from the sale of 'Contari,' the&nbsp; anti-cancer drug we finally developed!" Chapter 132 Let's Sell the Earth "Huh? So many..."&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan, who was standing next to him,&nbsp; couldn't help but exclaim in surprise.&nbsp; Indeed, 180 billion, in US dollars,&nbsp; that's enough to buy so many medicines!&nbsp; The leader frowned, clearly puzzled. Then Xiao Qiang spent another 10 minutes&nbsp;&nbsp; recounting in detail how he used his wits to get&nbsp; the 25 largest media outlets in the world to give&nbsp;&nbsp; him free publicity at the Global Health Expo,&nbsp; and how he ultimately got global pharmaceutical&nbsp;&nbsp; distributors to rush to sign "Kangtailui"&nbsp; agency agreements with Huaxia TCM Hall.&nbsp; After listening, Lin Haiyuan's face was filled&nbsp; with undisguised excitement and admiration.&nbsp; Even the usually composed leader nodded&nbsp; repeatedly in approval with an excited expression.&nbsp; "Not bad, not bad!" Courageous and resourceful! Excellent!&nbsp; You actually broke the monopoly of Western&nbsp; pharmaceutical giants in the field of&nbsp;&nbsp; anti-cancer drugs, representing China, leaving&nbsp; those arrogant foreigners anxious but speechless.&nbsp; That's so satisfying! So satisfying! As he spoke, the leader stood up,&nbsp;&nbsp; took out a bottle of wine and a wine glass from&nbsp; the side, and was about to pour a glass of wine.&nbsp; "Cough...cough...Sir,&nbsp; um...take care of yourself..."&nbsp; The leader paused, then said, "It's alright,&nbsp; Lao Lin, just one drink. I'm happy today!"&nbsp; After drinking the strong liquor, the leader&nbsp; appeared even more spirited and high-spirited.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, being able to sign a 900&nbsp; billion yuan foreign trade order is an&nbsp;&nbsp; unprecedented success for any company in China." Moreover, these agents were willing to pay a&nbsp;&nbsp; deposit of $180 billion upfront, with subsequent&nbsp; payments made before goods were delivered.&nbsp; This shows that your company has taken&nbsp; a dominant position at the top of the&nbsp;&nbsp; industry chain, which is great news! This truly makes China proud!&nbsp; The leader became more and more excited as he&nbsp; spoke, which forced Lin Haiyuan to once again&nbsp;&nbsp; advise him not to get too excited. After calming his excited emotions,&nbsp;&nbsp; the leader spoke again, "Xiaoqiang, now that&nbsp; such a huge number of orders have been signed,&nbsp;&nbsp; can your company's production capacity keep up?"&nbsp; "Are you having any difficulties? I'll&nbsp; definitely help you solve them if I can!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang thought about it and&nbsp; realized there really was one.&nbsp; "Sir, our company's production capacity is&nbsp; indeed severely insufficient right now."&nbsp; We initially established the Huaxia Traditional&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Industrial Park, covering 2,000&nbsp;&nbsp; mu (approximately 333 hectares) in&nbsp; Xishan Province, but in retrospect,&nbsp;&nbsp; our planning was overly cautious. The leader understood immediately,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You mean you want to expand? How much money&nbsp; and land do you need? I'll arrange it!"&nbsp; "The more the better. How about we&nbsp; give you several million acres first?"&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan, who was standing next to him,&nbsp;&nbsp; coughed violently again. The leader was also shocked,&nbsp;&nbsp; "How much? Several million mu?" You brat, how about I just&nbsp;&nbsp; rip half the Earth off for you? "You don't need to sell medicine&nbsp;&nbsp; anymore, that's too slow a way to make&nbsp; money. Just sell the Earth directly!"&nbsp; Lin Haiyuan, standing nearby, wiped the&nbsp; sweat from his brow and muttered to himself,&nbsp;&nbsp; "That damn Xiao Qiang, he really dares to&nbsp; make demands in front of the commander..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang blushed slightly. "Sir, I&nbsp; was just joking to lighten the mood.&nbsp;&nbsp; You were getting too excited just now..." "Xiaoqiang, which area do you need to acquire&nbsp;&nbsp; land in? I'll have my secretary talk to&nbsp; the people there and try to make things&nbsp;&nbsp; easier for you as much as possible, within&nbsp; the bounds of the law. What do you think?"&nbsp; "Thank you so much for your kindness, Commander!" "I'm only making things easy for you because&nbsp;&nbsp; you've brought honor to the country!&nbsp; Keep up the good work, young man!"&nbsp; I'll have my secretary contact you later.&nbsp; Please feel free to let me know if there&nbsp;&nbsp; are any difficulties that need to be resolved. This deeply moved Xiao Qiang. How could one not&nbsp;&nbsp; be delighted and touched that the leader would so&nbsp; personally pay attention to the development of a&nbsp;&nbsp; private enterprise? After leaving the leader's place, Xiao Qiang first&nbsp; sent Lin Haiyuan back, and then went straight to&nbsp;&nbsp; Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall. There was nothing we could do;&nbsp;&nbsp; we received a massive number of orders. However, there is currently no new&nbsp;&nbsp; production capacity to meet export needs. Based on the current global population of&nbsp;&nbsp; 30 million cancer patients and the annual&nbsp; increase of 15-20 million new patients,&nbsp;&nbsp; the demand for the first-year emergency version&nbsp; of Contara is approximately 220 million tablets.&nbsp; The stable demand for the drug is&nbsp; expected to be around 100 million tablets.&nbsp; Currently, with only the first phase of production&nbsp; operational, the Xishan Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Industrial Park has a daily&nbsp; production capacity of only 2 million tablets.&nbsp; The emergency version of Contara, which&nbsp; meets the current demand of 30 million&nbsp;&nbsp; doses (150 million tablets) overseas,&nbsp; has a production cycle of up to 75 days.&nbsp; This cycle is too long, as it concerns the time it&nbsp; will take to recover the remaining $820 billion.&nbsp;&nbsp; Therefore, Xiao Qiang instructed Fu Hao to speed&nbsp; up the construction of the Xishan Industrial Park,&nbsp;&nbsp; since money is the last thing they need right now. Have the construction team add more people,&nbsp;&nbsp; and try to complete the remaining three&nbsp; phases of construction within 15 days.&nbsp; Poor Fu Hao had just returned from Los Angeles&nbsp; when he led Mingxing and Niu Bi to the Jinshi&nbsp;&nbsp; Industrial Park in Xishan Province overnight to&nbsp; coordinate matters such as project construction,&nbsp;&nbsp; personnel reserves, and Chinese&nbsp; medicinal material reserves.&nbsp; It was already 8 p.m. when I finished all this.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang arrived at Yenching University&nbsp; immediately. According to the information&nbsp;&nbsp; provided by Li Susu, Liu Qingyuan was&nbsp; studying on the second floor of the library!&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan knew that Xiao Qiang had gone to Los&nbsp; Angeles to attend the expo, but at that time Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang had not confirmed when he would return&nbsp; to Yanjing. Therefore, Liu Qingyuan was unaware&nbsp;&nbsp; that Xiao Qiang had already returned to Yanjing. After entering the library, Xiao Qiang wandered&nbsp;&nbsp; around for a full 10 minutes before finally&nbsp; spotting that familiar figure in a corner.&nbsp; He tiptoed up behind Liu Qingyuan, not&nbsp; disturbing her immediately, but quietly&nbsp;&nbsp; observing her serious and focused expression. She wore a simple white dress, the hem of which&nbsp;&nbsp; swayed gently as she turned the pages of&nbsp; her book, like a blooming lily. Her hands&nbsp;&nbsp; were slender and long, lightly caressing the&nbsp; pages, as if conversing with the wisdom within.&nbsp; Her face was sharply defined, and the words&nbsp; on the book's pages were reflected in her&nbsp;&nbsp; dark brown pupils, her expression focused&nbsp; and earnest. Her lips were slightly pursed,&nbsp;&nbsp; as if she were pondering a question from&nbsp; the book. Her high nose bridge added a&nbsp;&nbsp; touch of three-dimensionality to her features. Xiao Qiang watched quietly for three minutes,&nbsp;&nbsp; then reached out and covered&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan's eyes from behind.&nbsp; "ah……" Liu Qingyuan was attacked and screamed in fright.&nbsp; But then she remembered that this was a&nbsp; library and quickly covered her mouth.&nbsp; After calming down, Liu Qingyuan&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately thought of the other person. How did you know it was me?&nbsp; Xiao Qiang released his hands and&nbsp; whispered in Liu Qingyuan's ear.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan's face was flushed with&nbsp; embarrassment. Although Xiao Qiang had held&nbsp;&nbsp; her hand before, his breath on her earlobe was&nbsp; hot and ticklish, giving her a strange feeling.&nbsp; She turned her head, only to find Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's lips pressed directly against her&nbsp;&nbsp; face. This sudden turn of events left her somewhat&nbsp; flustered, and she quickly turned her head back.&nbsp; "Who else but you would dare to be so bold?" Liu Qingyuan said coquettishly, her words&nbsp;&nbsp; full of shyness, and there was not&nbsp; a trace of reproach in her voice. Chapter 133 Inviting a Beautiful&nbsp; Woman for a Late-Night Snack&nbsp; Xiao Qiang simply turned sideways and sat&nbsp; down in the seat next to Liu Qingyuan.&nbsp; "Haha, Qingyuan understands me best!" "Come on, I'll give you a chance,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll treat you to a late-night snack!" Liu Qingyuan propped her head up with her&nbsp;&nbsp; right hand, then turned to Xiao Qiang&nbsp; with a smile, "Giving you a chance?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stared at the&nbsp; beauty and nodded expectantly.&nbsp; "Okay, I'm a little hungry&nbsp; too! What should we eat?"&nbsp; "How about we catch the last days&nbsp; of autumn and go get some skewers?"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was born into a wealthy&nbsp; family and had never eaten at a roadside&nbsp;&nbsp; stall before. In her mind, roadside stalls&nbsp; were synonymous with dirt and disorder.&nbsp; But seeing the expectant look on Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's face, she nodded directly, "Okay..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang naturally saw the&nbsp; reluctance in Liu Qingyuan's eyes.&nbsp;&nbsp; He knew it was indeed difficult to get a&nbsp; pampered princess to accept street food,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he believed it was due&nbsp; to subjective prejudice,&nbsp;&nbsp; which was easy to change and had to be changed. The two walked to a Northeastern-style barbecue&nbsp;&nbsp; stall about 1 kilometer from the school. The weather was already a bit chilly,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the barbecue stall was still packed&nbsp; with diners. It's clear this Northeastern&nbsp;&nbsp; barbecue place has a lot of repeat customers. The two sat facing each other at a long table.&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang watched the customers next to&nbsp; him enjoying their skewers and swallowed&nbsp;&nbsp; hard. "Qingyuan, what do you want to eat?" Liu Qingyuan frowned as she looked at the&nbsp;&nbsp; oily lamb skewers and various items covered&nbsp; in barbecue sauce on the table next to her,&nbsp;&nbsp; but she found it amusing to see Xiao&nbsp; Qiang constantly swallowing his saliva.&nbsp; "You order... I... I've never eaten here&nbsp; before... I'm not very good at it..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang didn't stand on ceremony. He took the&nbsp; menu and started ordering like crazy. He swallowed&nbsp;&nbsp; hard after each dish he named, leaving Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan speechless. Was it really that delicious?&nbsp; However, the occasional wafts of fragrance&nbsp; from the side were constantly tantalizing&nbsp;&nbsp; her taste buds. "It does smell quite nice..." Seeing that Xiao Qiang had finally finished&nbsp;&nbsp; ordering, Liu Qingyuan chuckled, "Is it&nbsp; really that delicious? You're so hungry,&nbsp;&nbsp; your mouth is practically watering..." "Wait a minute, try it, and you'll&nbsp;&nbsp; understand why I'm acting like this...&nbsp; Besides, I'm really starving right now;&nbsp;&nbsp; this is my first meal of the day..." "Didn't you eat breakfast or lunch? Why&nbsp;&nbsp; are you only eating your first meal at night?" "I got off the plane at dawn, went straight&nbsp;&nbsp; to sleep when I got back, and then had a ton&nbsp; of things to deal with when I woke up. Sigh!&nbsp;&nbsp; Making money isn't easy, otherwise what will I&nbsp; do if I can't support my wife in the future?"&nbsp; As Xiao Qiang finished speaking, his&nbsp; gaze was fixed intently on Liu Qingyuan.&nbsp; The intense gaze made Liu Qingyuan feel&nbsp; extremely uncomfortable, and she could only&nbsp;&nbsp; look away by smoothing the hair on her forehead. "Then you'd better work hard to make money..."&nbsp; She could only turn her head and say this&nbsp; perfunctory sentence. It wasn't that she&nbsp;&nbsp; was deliberately being perfunctory, but&nbsp; rather that Liu Qingyuan's heart had been&nbsp;&nbsp; thrown into turmoil by Xiao Qiang, and she had&nbsp; completely lost her sharp wit as a top student.&nbsp; Before long, the dishes Xiao Qiang&nbsp; ordered were served one after another:&nbsp;&nbsp; lamb skewers, grilled fish slices, grilled chicken&nbsp; wings, cartilage, tendon, grilled gluten...&nbsp; The table was covered with food. Liu Qingyuan stared in shock at the&nbsp;&nbsp; huge table in front of her. "You ordered&nbsp; so much? Can you even finish it all?"&nbsp; Remove the "me"! When you're eating barbecue,&nbsp;&nbsp; you have to have the spirit to do it. Come on, try these lamb skewers,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're incredibly delicious! As he spoke, he picked up a&nbsp;&nbsp; lamb skewer and handed it to Liu Qingyuan. Liu Qingyuan instinctively took the meat&nbsp;&nbsp; skewer from Xiao Qiang's hand. Looking at the&nbsp; golden-yellow meat skewer still glistening with&nbsp;&nbsp; oil, she couldn't help but swallow. "Eat it quickly! It won't taste&nbsp;&nbsp; good when it gets cold!" Liu Qingyuan couldn't resist,&nbsp;&nbsp; so she closed her eyes and put the&nbsp; two pieces of meat in her mouth. The&nbsp;&nbsp; taste was unfamiliar, yet extremely appetizing. Liu Qingyuan couldn't help but start chewing, and&nbsp;&nbsp; the more she chewed, the more fragrant it became. "How was it? It wasn't as hard to&nbsp;&nbsp; accept as you imagined, right?" "The taste is indeed very good..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan has gotten over the adjustment period&nbsp; and is slowly accepting, and even starting to&nbsp;&nbsp; like, the bursting flavor in her mouth. "Here, try this grilled fish fillet..."&nbsp; "These grilled gluten pieces are also good,&nbsp; crispy on the outside and tender on the inside,&nbsp;&nbsp; you should try them..." "And these chicken wings..."&nbsp; After falling in love with this feeling,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan accepted everything offered and&nbsp; became increasingly addicted to the food.&nbsp;&nbsp; She never expected that such an inconspicuous&nbsp; roadside stall could produce such delicious food.&nbsp; However, while Liu Qingyuan was&nbsp; masturbating wildly, she was&nbsp;&nbsp; also very careful to maintain her ladylike&nbsp; image, with her cherry-like mouth and slow,&nbsp;&nbsp; deliberate eating, which gave her a unique beauty. "Qingyuan, your posture is wrong. You should eat&nbsp;&nbsp; barbecue like this..." An hour and a half later, the entire table&nbsp; full of barbecue was completely devoured,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Liu Qingyuan let out a satisfying burp. Today's scene was too unimaginable for&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan, and it refreshed&nbsp; many of her first experiences.&nbsp; The first time I sat in&nbsp; front of a barbecue stall...&nbsp; For the first time, I abandoned all ladylike&nbsp; behavior, tearing into the barbecue with gusto,&nbsp;&nbsp; my mouth slick with oil... My first time taking a sip&nbsp;&nbsp; of fruit beer and a bite of meat... Most importantly, she seemed to enjoy this&nbsp;&nbsp; feeling, which allowed her to relax completely&nbsp; and not care about other people's opinions...&nbsp; And all these wonderful experiences were gained&nbsp; through the guidance of the boy beside her.&nbsp; "How's it going? Are you full?" Another burp served as a&nbsp;&nbsp; silent answer to his question. Seeing Xiao Qiang staring at her,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan felt her cheeks burning. "It's&nbsp; all your fault for making me eat so much..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang grinned, "Okay, it's all my&nbsp; fault... Let's go back to school..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan nodded! Taking a walk after a&nbsp;&nbsp; full meal can help with digestion. The two had only taken two steps&nbsp;&nbsp; when they heard the loud roar of a sports car. Then a supercar pulled up right next to them,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a young man in his early twenties&nbsp; with bright red hair poked his head out.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hey beautiful, wanna ride in my sports&nbsp; car tonight? I'll take you flying..."&nbsp; A young man in the passenger seat, dressed&nbsp; in a similarly unconventional style,&nbsp;&nbsp; also whistled in a jeering manner, and the two&nbsp; of them looked at Liu Qingyuan with lustful eyes.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan and her companion ignored&nbsp; them and continued walking forward.&nbsp; The two non-mainstream individuals were unhappy&nbsp; and got out of the car cursing. At the same time,&nbsp;&nbsp; the three luxury supercars behind&nbsp; them also stopped one after another,&nbsp;&nbsp; and six more young people got out of them. At this moment, the two non-mainstream&nbsp;&nbsp; individuals had directly blocked&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Liu Qingyuan's path.&nbsp; He grinned at Xiao Qiang and said, "Damn&nbsp; it, you're asking for it, aren't you?&nbsp;&nbsp; Didn't you hear your grandpa calling you...?" Liu Qingyuan frowned as she smelled the strong&nbsp;&nbsp; smell of alcohol on the two of them. "Who called me?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang spoke up. "grandfather…"&nbsp; "I don't have a grandson like you..." "Young Master Guo, he's fucking&nbsp;&nbsp; making a fool of you..." At this moment, Fan Zhengyang, who&nbsp;&nbsp; had come along behind, was also quite drunk and&nbsp; immediately rushed up to avenge his good friend.&nbsp; "You son of a bitch, daring to mess&nbsp; with us, you're asking for it..."&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang, cursing and swearing, rushed&nbsp; straight up to Xiao Qiang. Before he could finish&nbsp;&nbsp; speaking, he saw Xiao Qiang's smiling face. "Xiao...Xiao Qiang..."&nbsp; "Young Master Fan, I've been looking for you&nbsp; everywhere lately, and I never expected you&nbsp;&nbsp; to show up like this... In that case, let's&nbsp; settle all the scores, past and future..." Chapter 134 Clash Under the Cover of Night&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang was sobered up instantly&nbsp; after being frightened by Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Even his father's top henchman, Lynx, was&nbsp; subdued by Xiao Qiang. Now, Fan Zhengyang&nbsp;&nbsp; was like a mouse seeing a cat whenever he saw&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, trying to avoid him at all costs.&nbsp; "Xiao...Xiao Qiang, it's a misunderstanding,&nbsp; I'll leave right away, I'll leave right away..."&nbsp; Guys, let's get going..." Liu Qingyuan was also stunned by Fan&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhengyang's actions. When did Xiao Qiang become&nbsp; so terrifying? How could he have frightened the&nbsp;&nbsp; young master of the Yanjing Fan Group so much? But when I turned my head, Xiao Qiang still&nbsp;&nbsp; had that harmless smile on his face! "Young Master Fan, why are you...why&nbsp;&nbsp; are you such a coward tonight? You're&nbsp; scared of even a young man strolling&nbsp;&nbsp; around. You...you're really...getting worse as&nbsp; you get older...Young Master Fan...watch me."&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang was furious with these scoundrels.&nbsp; If you miss, don't drag me down with you!&nbsp; Guo Shao, the young man in the lead car who called&nbsp; Xiao Qiang "Grandpa," was looking at Liu Qingyuan&nbsp;&nbsp; with lustful eyes. He reached out to touch&nbsp; her pretty face, which startled Liu Qingyuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; who immediately hid behind Xiao Qiang. Xiao Qiang's eyes flashed with cold light&nbsp;&nbsp; as he looked at the man whose body had been&nbsp; ravaged by wine and women. He kicked the man,&nbsp;&nbsp; and with a scream, the so-called&nbsp; Young Master Guo flew 10 meters away,&nbsp;&nbsp; crashing into his own supercar and passing out. These second-generation rich kids were always&nbsp;&nbsp; bullies who preyed on the weak and feared&nbsp; the strong. Seeing Xiao Qiang's ferocity,&nbsp;&nbsp; they were so frightened that they&nbsp; completely lost their previous arrogance.&nbsp; At this moment, Fan Zhengyang stepped&nbsp; forward shakily, "Xiao...Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; my dad's on the phone..." then took the phone directly from the other&nbsp; party, but he didn't speak immediately,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the other party didn't speak either. Thirty seconds later, a middle-aged man's voice&nbsp;&nbsp; came from the other end of the microphone, "You're&nbsp; Xiao Qiang? Very well, you wanted a result,&nbsp;&nbsp; didn't you? Well, you wait, I'm coming to&nbsp; find you. It's time for our feud to end."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang almost laughed out of anger. "You have&nbsp; 10 minutes. If you don't have 10 minutes, I can't&nbsp;&nbsp; guarantee Fan Zhengyang won't lose anything..." After saying that, he hung up the phone.&nbsp; Before Fan Zhengming could even utter&nbsp; a curse, he heard a busy signal.&nbsp; "You little bitch, you dare hang&nbsp; up on me, you son of a bitch..."&nbsp; Assistant, prepare the car. Get to&nbsp; the Northeast BBQ area on Zhenwu&nbsp;&nbsp; Road near Yanda University in 10 minutes. Although he spoke tough words, Fan Zhengming&nbsp;&nbsp; dared not gamble with his precious son's safety. As soon as Fan Zhengming got into the car,&nbsp;&nbsp; he took out his phone. After two beeps,&nbsp; the call connected. "Hey, Third Brother,&nbsp;&nbsp; I've run into a bit of trouble. I need you&nbsp; to step in and keep things under control..."&nbsp; After the two talked in a rambling manner for two&nbsp; minutes, Fan Zhengming finally hung up the phone.&nbsp; After repeated urging from Fan Zhengming, the&nbsp; car finally arrived at the scene in 9 minutes.&nbsp; After getting off the bus, Fan Zhengming saw that&nbsp; his precious son was alright, and he was relieved.&nbsp; He stared intently at his son's&nbsp; classmate, who was also the same&nbsp;&nbsp; powerful figure who had left his trusted&nbsp; subordinate, Lynx, lying in a hospital bed.&nbsp; Judging from his appearance alone, it's&nbsp; hard to believe that this young-looking&nbsp;&nbsp; boy possesses such strength. "How do you plan to resolve this?"&nbsp; Fan Zhengming finally spoke. Xiao Qiang smiled coldly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Your son hired an international assassin to&nbsp; kill me? And you sent your men to break my arms&nbsp;&nbsp; and legs? Do you really think I'm made of clay?" Now, you, as my father, are actually questioning&nbsp;&nbsp; me about how I want to resolve this? Shouldn't it be the Fan family who first&nbsp;&nbsp; shows remorse before discussing solutions? Xiao Qiang's voice grew deeper and&nbsp;&nbsp; louder with each word, filled with anger. Liu Qingyuan, who was standing next to Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; was filled with disbelief after hearing his&nbsp; words. She was there when the lynx kidnapped&nbsp;&nbsp; the two of them, but she never expected&nbsp; that Fan Zhengyang would send assassins.&nbsp; Her gaze toward Fan Zhengyang was instantly&nbsp; filled with hostility and hatred. Could&nbsp;&nbsp; a classmate really do such a thing? Fan Zhengming also felt Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; overwhelming anger, but as a member of the Fan&nbsp; family, his inherent pride and his consistently&nbsp;&nbsp; assertive style did not allow him to bow&nbsp; down to a man who had just come of age.&nbsp; "Admit your mistake? I don't think&nbsp; that's necessary. Just name your price."&nbsp; Everything has a price! In Fan Zhengming's eyes, money can solve anything!&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang suddenly burst into&nbsp; laughter, and the laughter grew louder and louder.&nbsp; Just as Xiao Qiang was about to say something,&nbsp; a luxury car suddenly stopped beside them,&nbsp;&nbsp; instantly drawing everyone's attention. "Liu Qingtian?"&nbsp; Upon seeing who it was, Fan Zhengming looked&nbsp; puzzled. The two had been business rivals for&nbsp;&nbsp; many years, especially in the real estate sector.&nbsp; In first-tier cities, they had a history of&nbsp;&nbsp; back-and-forth and undermining each other. It turned out that when Fan Zhengyang and&nbsp;&nbsp; his group appeared, Liu Qingyuan was worried&nbsp; that Xiao Qiang would be at a disadvantage,&nbsp;&nbsp; so she took advantage of the fact that&nbsp; no one was paying attention and asked&nbsp;&nbsp; her father, Liu Qingtian, for help. Liu Qingtian was deeply concerned for&nbsp;&nbsp; his daughter, and he and his wife Feng Ruolan sped&nbsp; off in this direction, escorted by two bodyguards.&nbsp; But the plot took a turn so quickly that Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan didn't have time to tell her father.&nbsp; As soon as Liu Qingtian got out of the car,&nbsp; he saw Fan Zhengming and instinctively assumed&nbsp;&nbsp; that Fan Zhengming was the culprit who&nbsp; bullied his daughter and her brother.&nbsp; Upon seeing Liu Qingyuan hiding behind&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, Feng Ruolan immediately rushed&nbsp;&nbsp; over and hugged her daughter. "Are you alright, Qingyuan?"&nbsp; "It's alright, Mom! Xiao Qiang is here..." Feng Ruolan now likes Xiao Qiang more and&nbsp;&nbsp; more. He is successful in his career and&nbsp; responsible, making him a perfect son-in-law!&nbsp; Liu Qingtian, on the other hand, didn't&nbsp; tolerate Fan Zhengming's behavior and&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately launched into a fierce attack. "Fan Zhengming, you've really grown up,&nbsp;&nbsp; haven't you? You've learned to bully&nbsp; young people now? You're really getting&nbsp;&nbsp; more and more regressive as you get older..." This infuriated Fan Zhengming, who said fiercely:&nbsp; "Liu Qingtian, which eye of yours&nbsp; saw me bullying a young person!"&nbsp; "I saw both of them..." "you…"&nbsp; The old fox was spicier than the new one,&nbsp; leaving Fan Zhengming speechless from the start.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, are you alright?" Taking advantage of Fan Zhengming's&nbsp;&nbsp; moment of silence, Liu Qingtian finally asked&nbsp; about this junior. Although this kid was the&nbsp;&nbsp; culprit who caused his little darling to have a&nbsp; leak, both of his women sided with this rascal.&nbsp; Especially his own wife, if he says a bad&nbsp; word about that kid, he will definitely have&nbsp;&nbsp; to sleep on the sofa that night, and he won't&nbsp; even have a chance to practice his trumpet.&nbsp; This made Liu Qingtian extremely annoyed! However, when Liu Qingtian thought about the&nbsp;&nbsp; pharmaceutical company that kid was running,&nbsp; he sincerely admired it. Not to mention that&nbsp;&nbsp; anti-cancer drug, although he didn't have the&nbsp; chance to use it himself, it was listed on CCVV,&nbsp;&nbsp; so its effectiveness must be real. That Shenyang Kangtai Pill, its effect&nbsp;&nbsp; is absolutely amazing, it works incredibly well. Therefore, Liu Qingtian's view of Xiao Qiang was&nbsp;&nbsp; more one of admiration, but the "deep hatred"&nbsp; of Xiao Qiang taking Xiao Qiang away from him&nbsp;&nbsp; was something he could not let go of. "Dad, it's alright. You don't need to&nbsp;&nbsp; lift a finger to deal with those&nbsp; scumbags from the Fan family..." Chapter 135 The Unreliable Mom Xiao Qiang's cry of "Dad" was like&nbsp;&nbsp; a thunderclap, stunning everyone present. Liu Qingtian looked at his daughter beside&nbsp;&nbsp; him with great "heartache," hoping&nbsp; she would give him an explanation,&nbsp;&nbsp; but Liu Qingyuan's mind was blank at this&nbsp; moment, and she had no idea what to do.&nbsp; Seeing that his daughter offered no explanation,&nbsp; Liu Qingtian felt a pain in his heart,&nbsp;&nbsp; as if it were being torn apart. "My precious little girl,&nbsp;&nbsp; whom I raised with such care and love, has&nbsp; been ruthlessly ruined by this bastard..."&nbsp; In stark contrast to Liu Qingtian's reaction, his&nbsp; mother, Feng Ruolan, appeared extremely surprised&nbsp;&nbsp; and asked her daughter in a soft voice, "..." "Daughter, did you and Xiao Qiang do 'that'?"&nbsp; Her mother's probing question dealt&nbsp; another blow to Liu Qingyuan's brain.&nbsp; Who am I? Where am I? What on earth happened? Seeing her daughter's blushing face,&nbsp;&nbsp; Feng Ruolan seemed to know the answer.&nbsp; "Good job, girl. When you meet a good man,&nbsp;&nbsp; you should seize the opportunity and take&nbsp; him on first, then pay the price later..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan's face was so red it&nbsp; was almost dripping with water!&nbsp; Liu Qingtian was stunned by his wife's outrageous&nbsp; words. Was this something a mother should say?&nbsp; Is there any mother in the&nbsp; world more unreliable than this?&nbsp; The Fan father and son were completely bewildered&nbsp; after hearing Xiao Qiang call him "Dad".&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang cursed inwardly, thinking, "Another&nbsp; beautiful flower has been stolen by a pig."&nbsp; Fan Zhengming, however, thought even&nbsp; more deeply: "Could this Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; be... Liu Qingtian's... illegitimate son?" If that's the case,&nbsp;&nbsp; then it's a bit troublesome..." Xiao Qiang, the protagonist,&nbsp;&nbsp; never expected that his joking remark&nbsp; would cause so many misunderstandings.&nbsp; Just as Xiao Qiang was about to offer&nbsp; an explanation, Fan Zhengming angrily&nbsp;&nbsp; interrupted him. "You bastard,&nbsp;&nbsp; how dare you call our Fan family trash?" Even Liu Qingtian wouldn't dare to curse&nbsp;&nbsp; like that, you bastard who has no wife for&nbsp; sons and daughters for thousands to ride..."&nbsp; Being called trash by name in the street&nbsp; by a junior, Fan Zhengming was instantly&nbsp;&nbsp; filled with boundless rage. Without thinking&nbsp; twice, he hurled out the most vicious insults.&nbsp; By this time, he was already blinded by rage,&nbsp; and had forgotten that the young junior in front&nbsp;&nbsp; of him was responsible for crippling Lynx&nbsp; and wiping out more than a dozen assassins.&nbsp; Feng Ruolan was about to start cursing, "Aren't&nbsp; you cursing my grandson and granddaughter?" But&nbsp;&nbsp; before she could open her mouth, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; raised his foot and kicked Fan Zhengming more&nbsp;&nbsp; than ten meters away with a powerful kick. Fan Zhengming, who had been pampered for&nbsp;&nbsp; many years, had never experienced such a&nbsp; blow. The intense pain in his abdomen caused&nbsp;&nbsp; his entire body to curl up like a human shrimp. Fan Zhengyang rushed over to check on his father,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Son, quick... call... your third&nbsp; uncle... ask... ask him where he is..."&nbsp; Fan Zhengming paused several times while&nbsp; saying this, which shows how weak he was.&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang nodded and&nbsp; began fiddling with the phone.&nbsp; The three members of the Liu family standing&nbsp; nearby all showed expressions of shock at&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's clean and swift kick. "My son-in-law is so handsome..."&nbsp; This is Feng Ruolan's heartfelt sentiment. When Liu Qingtian heard Fan Zhengming utter such a&nbsp;&nbsp; vicious curse, he was filled with boundless rage,&nbsp; but just as he was pondering how to respond...&nbsp; This junior, whom he "envied, resented,&nbsp; and hated," took direct action,&nbsp;&nbsp; and in such a violent and direct way. You see, this was something Liu Qingtian had&nbsp;&nbsp; always dared to think about but never dared to do.&nbsp; Although he felt a slight admiration and goodwill&nbsp;&nbsp; towards Xiao Qiang, he also sighed inwardly. "Young man, you're a real tiger, you'll kill&nbsp;&nbsp; without a second thought..." However, this would make&nbsp;&nbsp; things difficult to handle! Just as he was thinking about how&nbsp;&nbsp; to deal with it, he saw a military jeep and five&nbsp; military trucks pull up on the road next to him.&nbsp; A man who bore a resemblance to Fan&nbsp; Zhengming got out of the jeep, while&nbsp;&nbsp; about a hundred soldiers in military uniforms,&nbsp; carrying rifles, got out of the truck behind.&nbsp; After Liu Qingtian saw who it was, he&nbsp; felt a sense of helplessness. It was&nbsp;&nbsp; exactly what he feared had come to pass. As the saying goes, "When a scholar meets&nbsp;&nbsp; a soldier, reason is useless!" No matter how many reasons you&nbsp;&nbsp; have or how wronged you feel, it won't&nbsp; work against the machine of violence.&nbsp; At this moment, Fan Zhengming, who was&nbsp; lying on the ground groaning in pain,&nbsp;&nbsp; saw that his third brother, Fan Yunming,&nbsp; had brought helpers. He endured the&nbsp;&nbsp; excruciating pain and stood up hunched over. "Third brother, shoot that bastard dead..."&nbsp; Fan Yunming frowned and cursed under his&nbsp; breath, "Are you talking without thinking?&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll stand up for you, but to shoot someone?&nbsp; Do you think your brother has many heads?"&nbsp; He took a small step forward, pointed at&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, and asked, "Did you beat them&nbsp;&nbsp; up? You want an explanation from the Fan family?" Fan Yunming, without distinguishing right from&nbsp;&nbsp; wrong, tried to seize the initiative&nbsp; and pinned all the blame on you.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was about to speak. Liu Qingtian, standing nearby,&nbsp;&nbsp; spoke first, "Fan Yunming, it was your&nbsp; brother who started spewing nonsense."&nbsp; "It was my idea to beat up Fan Zhengming,&nbsp; so what are you going to do about it?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang felt a surge of warmth in his heart&nbsp; when he saw Liu Qingtian standing up for him.&nbsp; Fan Yunming naturally recognized Liu Qingtian.&nbsp; Upon hearing what the other party said,&nbsp;&nbsp; he first frowned, then relaxed, and waved&nbsp; to the guards behind him, "Surround them!"&nbsp; These hundred or so guards were his guard&nbsp; company, so they naturally obeyed his orders&nbsp;&nbsp; as their division commander. In an instant, the&nbsp; three members of the Liu family, plus Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; were surrounded by these guards. Liu Qingtian's face was extremely&nbsp;&nbsp; ugly. He did not expect Fan Yunming to be so&nbsp; arrogant and not give him any face at all.&nbsp; But there was nothing he could do about it. "Fan Yunming, do you think these soldiers&nbsp;&nbsp; are your Fan family's private army? Aren't you&nbsp; afraid someone will report you to the military?"&nbsp; Upon hearing Liu Qingtian's words, Fan&nbsp; Yunming burst into laughter. "Foreign&nbsp;&nbsp; spies intend to kidnap and attack&nbsp; military personnel. As a soldier,&nbsp;&nbsp; wouldn't it be a great achievement to&nbsp; personally lead troops to capture the spies?"&nbsp; "you…" This infuriated&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qing. Fan Yunming was ruthless enough to&nbsp; label everyone as spies right off the bat.&nbsp; At this moment, Fan Zhengming, enduring the&nbsp; excruciating pain, groaned as he walked up to&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang. This time, he was smarter and kept a&nbsp; distance of more than two meters from Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; "You think you're so great? Show me what you're&nbsp; all about! You're just an idiot, you had a son&nbsp;&nbsp; without a mother, you gave birth to..." His words were extremely arrogant,&nbsp;&nbsp; and coupled with his gesticulating&nbsp; manner, he was utterly despicable.&nbsp; Before he could finish speaking, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang, who was just 2 meters away,&nbsp;&nbsp; instantly teleported to Fan Zhengming's side. Fan Zhengming reacted as if he'd seen a ghost,&nbsp;&nbsp; and was about to dodge when Fan&nbsp; Yunming, who was beside him,&nbsp;&nbsp; reacted and was about to stop him, "You dare..." Five crisp, loud slaps left Fan Zhengming&nbsp;&nbsp; dazed and disoriented, and his already fat face&nbsp; swelled up into a pig's head at a visible speed.&nbsp; At this moment, Fan Yunming was even more&nbsp; furious than Fan Zhengming. In his opinion,&nbsp;&nbsp; he had already said so much, yet the other party&nbsp; still beat his second brother so ruthlessly.&nbsp; This is clearly a sign of&nbsp; disrespect towards Fan Yunming. Chapter 136 Drifting in a&nbsp; Hearse, Dancing in a Tattoo&nbsp; This time, Liu Qingtian was dumbfounded again.&nbsp; This time, things had really gotten out of&nbsp;&nbsp; hand. Didn't you see that the other side had&nbsp; brought a hundred or so heavily armed guards?&nbsp;&nbsp; How dare you make a move at this time? You're not a tiger at all.&nbsp; That's like drifting in a hearse or&nbsp; dancing on a grave! You're asking for it!&nbsp; Fan Yunming's face was ashen, and his&nbsp; fiery eyes were fixed on Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; clearly on the verge of exploding with rage.&nbsp; "What are you looking at? You think you're&nbsp; so handsome? None of the Fans are any good."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said dismissively. Liu Qingtian: "Oh my god, you're not&nbsp;&nbsp; just courting death, you're dying too slowly..." Fan Yunming finally snapped. "Guards Company,&nbsp;&nbsp; listen to my orders! Take this spy&nbsp; back to the barracks and interrogate&nbsp;&nbsp; him to find out what his purpose is in&nbsp; infiltrating China. If he's stubborn,&nbsp;&nbsp; do everything you can to pry his mouth open." If he were to die accidentally, it would be&nbsp;&nbsp; because he attempted to assassinate&nbsp; soldiers and was killed on the spot.&nbsp; Now Liu Qingtian was completely panicked; the&nbsp; situation had far exceeded his expectations.&nbsp; Meanwhile, the Liu family, mother and daughter&nbsp; beside him, kept giving him meaningful glances,&nbsp;&nbsp; urging him to come up with a solution quickly.&nbsp; However, he had no connections in the military&nbsp;&nbsp; and could only think of the political figures&nbsp; he had known before, trying to determine which&nbsp;&nbsp; one had the ability to intervene in this matter. At this moment, Xiao Qiang said leisurely, "Fan&nbsp;&nbsp; Yunming, who gave you the audacity to slap the&nbsp; label of spy on a member of the Chinese military?"&nbsp; Military personnel? Xiao Qiang's words surprised everyone present.&nbsp; The Liu couple stared at their daughter&nbsp; with questioning looks, while Liu Qingyuan&nbsp;&nbsp; could only shake her head in bewilderment. "Third Uncle, don't listen to his bragging.&nbsp;&nbsp; He's just a student at Peking University,&nbsp; my classmate, and he doesn't have any&nbsp;&nbsp; military experience from university." He's just a bully borrowing power,&nbsp;&nbsp; spouting complete nonsense! Fan Zhengyang's words&nbsp;&nbsp; instantly dispelled Fan Yunming's concerns. "Still trying to impersonate a Chinese soldier?"&nbsp; "Guard company, take action immediately! If&nbsp; there is any resistance, shoot them on the spot!"&nbsp; Just as several guards were about to step forward&nbsp; to detain Xiao Qiang, two gunshots rang out&nbsp;&nbsp; from the perimeter of the guard company, causing&nbsp; everyone to stop and turn to look at the outside.&nbsp; Fan Yunming saw a scene that astonished him&nbsp; from the passage cleared by his subordinates.&nbsp; He saw that his guard company of about a hundred&nbsp; men had been surrounded, while his side was&nbsp;&nbsp; surrounded by at least several hundred soldiers&nbsp; wearing jungle camouflage uniforms and berets.&nbsp; Fan Yunming could tell at a glance from their&nbsp; imposing presence and equipment that this unit&nbsp;&nbsp; was a special forces unit armed to the teeth. Moreover, this unit exudes a chilling and&nbsp;&nbsp; terrifying aura, demonstrating that it is&nbsp; definitely not an ordinary special forces unit.&nbsp; Fan Yunming had no choice but to quickly order&nbsp; his men to stop immediately and walk toward the&nbsp;&nbsp; officer in military uniform at the front. This man was Yue Fei, dressed in&nbsp;&nbsp; camouflage and wearing the rank of&nbsp; lieutenant colonel on his shoulder.&nbsp; "Which unit are you from? Why are you&nbsp; obstructing us from performing our duties?"&nbsp; Fan Yunming asked Yue Fei in a low&nbsp; voice. Although he was a major general&nbsp;&nbsp; and the other party was only a lieutenant&nbsp; colonel, he dared not show any contempt.&nbsp; In the military, strength is king. Our side is&nbsp; just a guard company of about a hundred men,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is considered elite in the military. But the&nbsp; enemy not only has more men, but more importantly,&nbsp;&nbsp; they are all special forces soldiers. We can't use force!&nbsp; Feng Ruolan, standing nearby, whispered to&nbsp; Liu Qingtian, "Is this the helper you found?"&nbsp; Liu Qingtian shook his head helplessly,&nbsp; "How could I possibly have that ability..."&nbsp; Yue Fei ignored Fan Yunming and went straight to&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, giving him a standard military salute.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Reporting to the commander, the Huaxia Garrison&nbsp; Regiment is 500 men, and 500 men are present.&nbsp;&nbsp; Please give instructions on what actions to take." Fan Yunming's heart skipped a beat!&nbsp; He knew the name "Huaxia Garrison Regiment". It&nbsp; was a special force directly under the command of&nbsp;&nbsp; the military, composed of elite special operations&nbsp; soldiers drawn directly from various special&nbsp;&nbsp; forces units across the army a few days ago. There are many garrison regiments, but this is&nbsp;&nbsp; the first and only one to bear the name of China. I never expected to be surrounded by them today.&nbsp; Seeing that the other party, a&nbsp; mere colonel, was ignoring him,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fan Yunming was furious but helpless. Xiao Qiang scanned the faces of the Fan&nbsp;&nbsp; family members one by one, "Take their guns away!" The special forces elites of the garrison regiment&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately took action, while a group&nbsp; of guards all looked at their division&nbsp;&nbsp; commander, intending to resist if given the order. But Fan Yunming dared not let his soldiers resist.&nbsp;&nbsp; Not only were his own numbers only one-fifth&nbsp; of the enemy's, but more importantly, the enemy&nbsp;&nbsp; was the Huaxia Garrison Regiment, directly under&nbsp; the command of the military. If he took action,&nbsp;&nbsp; it would be considered an act of insubordination. This is a major taboo in China!&nbsp; Helpless, Fan Yunming could only shake his&nbsp; head to signal his men not to act rashly.&nbsp; In this way, a group of guards were&nbsp; disarmed in an instant and then taken&nbsp;&nbsp; to a small patch of grass by the roadside to&nbsp; face the wall and reflect on their actions.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan and her daughter&nbsp; looked at Xiao Qiang with adoration.&nbsp; Liu Qingtian's expression was complicated.&nbsp; "Oh no, this is terrible. My little darling&nbsp;&nbsp; is probably completely out of the cold now..." "I admit defeat. I'm sorry, I've offended you&nbsp;&nbsp; greatly. Do with me as you please, but&nbsp; I just want to know who you really are?"&nbsp; Fan Yunming was willing to accept defeat,&nbsp; but at this moment he just wanted to know&nbsp;&nbsp; what kind of person he had offended that day. Fan Yunming's words surprised Xiao Qiang greatly.&nbsp;&nbsp; "You're not so bad after all. Since you're&nbsp; so curious, I'll satisfy your curiosity."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, special training instructor&nbsp; of the Huaxia Garrison Regiment!&nbsp; At the same time, Xiao Qiang threw&nbsp; the two notebooks at the other party,&nbsp;&nbsp; who caught them with one hand. Fan Yunming first opened the first&nbsp;&nbsp; small blue booklet, which was Xiao&nbsp; Qiangyan University's student ID.&nbsp; He would never believe that the other&nbsp; party could mobilize the Huaxia Garrison&nbsp;&nbsp; Regiment just because of this identity. After removing the slightly larger student ID,&nbsp;&nbsp; a very familiar document came into his&nbsp; view: a military officer's ID card with the&nbsp;&nbsp; unified standard of the Chinese military. He didn't open it immediately. Instead,&nbsp;&nbsp; he looked at the other person with a serious&nbsp; expression and considered many possible identities&nbsp;&nbsp; of Xiao Qiang before slowly turning over the&nbsp; cover of the dark green military officer's ID.&nbsp; But when he saw the prominent words&nbsp; "Major General" in the rank column,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fan Yunming felt his breathing quicken instantly. He worked hard for more than ten years to reach&nbsp;&nbsp; the rank of major general, and that was&nbsp; only achieved with the help of his family.&nbsp; This college student, who was only 18 years old,&nbsp; was also a major general. He seriously doubted&nbsp;&nbsp; whether there was a younger major general in the&nbsp; entire country than the young man in front of him.&nbsp; Crucially, the officer's certificate clearly&nbsp; states that the other party's military status&nbsp;&nbsp; is actually filed with the military headquarters. Moreover, the other party was actually a special&nbsp;&nbsp; training instructor from the Huaxia Garrison! This also made Fan Yunming feel relieved at&nbsp;&nbsp; that moment. It was not shameful to&nbsp; be defeated by such a great person!&nbsp; At that moment, a slight&nbsp; smile appeared on his face.&nbsp; Fan Yunming then respectfully returned&nbsp; the two certificates to Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; "Thank you for clearing up my doubts." "Now, if you want to kill me or torture me,&nbsp;&nbsp; go ahead. If I utter a single&nbsp; word, I'm not a Chinese soldier." Chapter 137 Bowing Down and Admitting Mistakes Xiao Qiang nodded, then kicked Fan Yunming more&nbsp;&nbsp; than 10 meters away. "Remember you are a soldier&nbsp; of China. These soldiers are here to protect our&nbsp;&nbsp; country, not your Fan family's private army." Since you're being sincere in admitting your&nbsp;&nbsp; mistake, you can get out of here. Soldiers should look like soldiers!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's words were deafening,&nbsp; like thunder from the heavens,&nbsp;&nbsp; and like a great bell, they shook his soul. At Xiao Qiang's signal, the special forces&nbsp;&nbsp; members of the Huaxia Garrison returned the&nbsp; captured weapons to the soldiers squatting by&nbsp;&nbsp; the roadside, and Fan Yunming led his guard&nbsp; company to scramble away from the scene.&nbsp; "Third brother... what's going on? You&nbsp; can't just abandon your second brother..."&nbsp; Fan Zhengming panicked. He had been able to&nbsp; remain somewhat calm earlier because of the&nbsp;&nbsp; soldiers his third brother had brought, but&nbsp; he never expected the situation to change so&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly, leaving him completely unable to adapt. Fan Yunming, who had already taken a few steps,&nbsp;&nbsp; stopped after hearing his second brother's shout.&nbsp; He simply turned his head and said, "Humble&nbsp;&nbsp; yourself and admit your mistake!" before leaving&nbsp; the scene with the team without looking back.&nbsp; Yue Fei and others then led all the members of&nbsp; the Huaxia Garrison to leave. However, Su Xinluo,&nbsp;&nbsp; who was in the group, looked at Xiao Qiang and Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan beside him, feeling a mix of emotions.&nbsp; The scene quickly quieted down, and the group&nbsp; of spirited teenagers who had appeared with Fan&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhengyang had already slipped away in the chaos. Only the Fan family father and son, the Liu family&nbsp;&nbsp; members, and Xiao Qiang remained at the scene. Xiao Qiang stared at the Fan family father&nbsp;&nbsp; and son with a playful expression. "Fan&nbsp; Zhengming, calling you a bunch of scum is&nbsp;&nbsp; really giving you too much credit." Tell me, how should we resolve this&nbsp;&nbsp; feud between us? "Xiao...Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; I was wrong. I'll never bother you and Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan again. Just ignore me and let me go!"&nbsp; Fan Zhengming stared at his son in astonishment.&nbsp; "What a spineless son! He's already backed down.&nbsp;&nbsp; Is he even my son, Fan Zhengming's son...?" "Dad, can't you see the current situation? Bow&nbsp;&nbsp; your head. Even someone as resolute as Uncle&nbsp; has bowed his head and admitted his mistake."&nbsp; Fan Zhengming wanted to scold his son a&nbsp; few more times, but before he could speak,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fan Zhengyang said with a hint of anger, "Dad,&nbsp; can you please stop ruining your son's life?"&nbsp; Fan Zhengming: "..." Hearing the conversation between&nbsp;&nbsp; the father and son, Liu Qingtian chuckled,&nbsp; "I've only ever seen sons who cause trouble&nbsp;&nbsp; for their fathers, this is the first time I've&nbsp; seen a father who causes trouble for his son.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fan Zhengming, you're quite something..." Fan Zhengming blushed deeply at Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; Qingtian's sarcastic words. He cursed inwardly, "How could I&nbsp;&nbsp; have given birth to such an unfilial son? How can&nbsp; you curse your father in the street like this..."&nbsp; "With this kind of groveling and admitting fault,&nbsp; your father will never be able to hold his head up&nbsp;&nbsp; in front of that bastard Liu Qingtian again." That's enough! That's enough!&nbsp;&nbsp; So what if I'm embarrassed? Fan Zhengming took a deep breath,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, I admit my mistake. I shouldn't&nbsp; have bothered you time and time again."&nbsp; "Given the trouble I've caused you, I'm willing&nbsp; to offer you compensation. Name your price..."&nbsp; After Fan Zhengming stopped, everyone's&nbsp; eyes were focused on Xiao Qiang's face.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stared at Fan Zhengming and his son&nbsp; without making a sound, seemingly lost in thought.&nbsp; Ten seconds later, "Alright, stop&nbsp; putting on airs, that's enough!"&nbsp; It was Liu Qingtian who spoke. Xiao Qiang was immediately at&nbsp;&nbsp; a loss for words, thinking, "What kind of&nbsp; father-in-law would do this to undermine me?"&nbsp; Alright, since my father-in-law has said so, I'll&nbsp; take the opportunity to say yes. "Fan Zhengming,&nbsp;&nbsp; we happen to be here today. What do you think&nbsp; of these three plots of land across the street?"&nbsp; Fan Zhengming was suspicious. What did this&nbsp; kid mean? You're a student, and even if you&nbsp;&nbsp; have a military background, why are you suddenly&nbsp; bringing up land? Isn't that a bit of a tangent?&nbsp; After pondering for a moment, I still couldn't&nbsp; figure out what Xiao Qiang meant by saying that.&nbsp; "Although it's in a first-tier city like Beijing,&nbsp; this place is located on the edge of the fourth&nbsp;&nbsp; ring road, close to the fifth ring road. Given&nbsp; that Beijing's real estate development is&nbsp;&nbsp; currently concentrated within the fourth ring&nbsp; road, it will take at least another ten years&nbsp;&nbsp; for this area to be developed." When it comes to real estate,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fan Zhengming speaks eloquently, putting&nbsp; on the airs of an industry expert.&nbsp; Liu Qingtian, who was standing next to him,&nbsp; nodded in agreement after hearing this.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was unsure whether to agree&nbsp; with their assessment, but said, "Indeed,&nbsp;&nbsp; look at these three construction sites. They&nbsp; cover about five or six hundred acres, and&nbsp;&nbsp; the weeds inside are almost as tall as a person.&nbsp; It's such a waste to leave them empty like this!"&nbsp; Fan Zhengming nodded thoughtfully. He recalled&nbsp; that he and Liu Qingtian had engaged in multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; rounds of bidding for the ownership of&nbsp; these three plots of land. Originally,&nbsp;&nbsp; the land price was only 2 million yuan per mu, but&nbsp; due to Liu Qingtian's interference, the price was&nbsp;&nbsp; artificially inflated to 4.5 million yuan per mu. Fan Zhengming was not only a wealthy and powerful&nbsp;&nbsp; man, but also a man who cared a lot about his&nbsp; reputation, so he happily became a sucker.&nbsp; However, immediately after acquiring the&nbsp; land, the global financial crisis hit,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the land, which cost 2.2 billion&nbsp; yuan, has been idle for nearly two years.&nbsp; Fan Zhengming was so miserable! At this moment, Xiao Qiang brought up&nbsp;&nbsp; the old matter again, as if he had ripped open his&nbsp; old wounds and added salt to them. Fan Zhengming&nbsp;&nbsp; glared fiercely at Liu Qingtian beside him. Liu Qingtian chuckled to himself, then turned&nbsp;&nbsp; his head to the other side. This infuriated Fan Zhengming.&nbsp; "Liu Qingtian, what are you laughing at..." "I... I can't help but laugh when I think&nbsp;&nbsp; about how my aunt is giving birth today..." After saying that, he burst into laughter.&nbsp; Fan Zhengming knew, of course, that Liu Qingtian&nbsp; was talking nonsense. Liu Qingtian was almost&nbsp;&nbsp; 50 years old; what kind of child would his aunt&nbsp; have? "Liu Qingtian, you...you've gone too far..."&nbsp; "Okay, okay, I won't laugh, I'll hold it in..." Xiao Qiang, standing to the side, was speechless.&nbsp;&nbsp; This future "father-in-law"&nbsp; really had the heart of a child!&nbsp; "It is indeed a waste to&nbsp; leave this land so vacant."&nbsp; Mr. Xiao, why are you asking these questions? Fan Zhengming finally couldn't resist&nbsp;&nbsp; his curiosity and asked. Xiao Qiang revealed a sly look,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Since President Fan also thinks it's not&nbsp; appropriate to leave this land vacant like this,&nbsp; "Well... Mr. Fan, how about you&nbsp; give me these three plots of land?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's words were like a&nbsp; thunderclap from a clear sky,&nbsp;&nbsp; causing everyone to turn their attention to him. Fan Zhengming was incredibly surprised,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a series of questions immediately flooded&nbsp; his mind: "How did he know the ownership of&nbsp;&nbsp; these three plots of land? Did Liu Qingtian&nbsp; tell him? What is he planning to do with&nbsp;&nbsp; this land? Could it be that Liu Qingtian&nbsp; and his son are going to trick me again?"&nbsp; He instantly looked at Xiao Qiang and&nbsp; Liu Qingtian with great vigilance.&nbsp; Liu Qingtian looked at Xiao Qiang with&nbsp; an equally incredulous expression.&nbsp; "What does this kid want to do with the&nbsp; land? Build a pharmaceutical factory?"&nbsp; "Wait a minute, this is residential&nbsp; land. Isn't it a waste of resources&nbsp;&nbsp; to use residential land as industrial land?" Liu Qingyuan and her daughter also looked at&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang with puzzled expressions,&nbsp; trying to find the answer on his face. Chapter 138 Qiangsheng Real Estate Fan Zhengming decided to first probe&nbsp;&nbsp; the other party's true intentions and see&nbsp; if Xiao Qiang was acting as a pawn for that&nbsp;&nbsp; old bastard Liu Qingtian, and if Liu Qingtian&nbsp; was actually after these three plots of land.&nbsp; “Mr. Xiao, these three plots of land&nbsp; are indeed assets of the Fan family.”&nbsp; However, what does Mr. Xiao want&nbsp; these three plots of land for?&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang adopted a mysterious&nbsp; expression, "Of course it's building houses,&nbsp;&nbsp; what, are you going to open an amusement park?" Of course, it's about building a house, but it's&nbsp;&nbsp; probably Liu Qingtian who will build it. This&nbsp; answer was within Fan Zhengming's expectations,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it was beyond Liu Qingtian's expectations. He asked in surprise, "Xiaoqiang, you're building&nbsp;&nbsp; a house? Do you own a real estate company?" Even if it exists, why would you build it&nbsp;&nbsp; here? Everyone's buying within the third or fourth&nbsp; ring road now; houses here simply aren't selling!&nbsp; Fan Zhengming initially showed suspicion&nbsp; upon hearing Liu Qingtian's words.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Could I have guessed wrong? Is this&nbsp; really unrelated to Liu Qingtian?"&nbsp; But then he felt relieved and thought to&nbsp; himself, "Liu Qingtian, just keep acting!"&nbsp; "You and your son are putting on a&nbsp; show, do you think I'm an idiot?"&nbsp; But Xiao Qiang's next words completely&nbsp; stunned Fan Zhengming and Liu Qingtian.&nbsp; "A real estate development company? I do!&nbsp; Xishan Province Qiangsheng Real Estate Group,&nbsp;&nbsp; you two should have heard of it, right?" Fan Zhengming and Liu Qingtian's right&nbsp;&nbsp; eyelids twitched simultaneously,&nbsp; and then they nodded instinctively.&nbsp; Xishan Province Strong Real Estate has now made&nbsp; a name for itself in the Chinese real estate&nbsp;&nbsp; industry... It has only been established for half&nbsp; a year, but it has directly achieved the first&nbsp;&nbsp; place in the country in terms of land acquisition&nbsp; and construction volume, and the third place in&nbsp;&nbsp; the country in terms of contracted sales. However, the company's decision to launch&nbsp;&nbsp; sales only after the building was topped&nbsp; out is out of step with the current market&nbsp;&nbsp; practice in the real estate industry&nbsp; of launching sales in the same month&nbsp;&nbsp; or the following month after land acquisition. Most importantly, the residential communities&nbsp;&nbsp; built by Qiangsheng have an overwhelming advantage&nbsp; over other real estate developers in many aspects,&nbsp;&nbsp; including community environment, unit layout,&nbsp; property services, and commercial facilities.&nbsp; It makes sense, considering that&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's suggestions to real&nbsp;&nbsp; estate president Yu Ming were based on what&nbsp; he had seen and heard 15 years later. Such&nbsp;&nbsp; experience is unmatched by other developers! This has led to Qiangsheng Real Estate becoming&nbsp;&nbsp; a model that various city media outlets are vying&nbsp; to report on, which in turn has greatly enhanced&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiangsheng Real Estate's market recognition. Many homeowners started waiting specifically&nbsp;&nbsp; for Qiangsheng Real Estate's projects to launch,&nbsp; and as soon as a Qiangsheng project launched,&nbsp;&nbsp; it would basically sell out immediately. Low-priced clearance sales of undesirable&nbsp;&nbsp; remaining units on lower&nbsp; floors? That's not happening!&nbsp; Even apartments on less desirable&nbsp; floors are still in high demand.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, what is your relationship&nbsp; with the boss of Qiangsheng Real&nbsp;&nbsp; Estate Company in Xishan Province?" Liu Qingtian couldn't help but ask immediately.&nbsp; Fan Zhengming also strained his ears, eager&nbsp; to hear what the other party had to say.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang then said with a relaxed expression,&nbsp; "Uncle Liu, Qiangsheng Real Estate is my company,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I am the boss of Qiangsheng Real Estate!" "What???"&nbsp; "ah???" Fan and Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; were so shocked that their brains went blank. Especially Liu Qingtian, whose daughter had told&nbsp;&nbsp; him some time ago that Xiao Qiang was a child from&nbsp; a village in Xishan Province, and that his family&nbsp;&nbsp; had been poor farmers for three generations. You started your business in your freshman&nbsp;&nbsp; year just to escape your poor peasant&nbsp; background, right? If you succeed in your&nbsp;&nbsp; business, if you're awesome, if you're&nbsp; incredibly talented, I'll accept it.&nbsp; How did he become the boss of a real&nbsp; estate company that rose to the top&nbsp;&nbsp; of the comprehensive strength list of real estate&nbsp; development companies with a dark horse momentum?&nbsp; Moreover, this achievement was&nbsp; made in the last six months.&nbsp; No, this kid is definitely trying to trick me! "Xiaoqiang, I've met President Yu of Qiangsheng.&nbsp;&nbsp; He's a young man with a strong presence&nbsp; and a very assertive personality."&nbsp; I think he's more like the&nbsp; boss of a powerful company!&nbsp; Fan Zhengming nodded very seriously. About a week ago, at the bidding site for a&nbsp;&nbsp; 300-mu and a 500-mu plot of land in the center of&nbsp; the 4th Ring Road of Yanjing, he and Liu Qingtian&nbsp;&nbsp; were completely outmatched by Qiangsheng Real&nbsp; Estate, led by Yu Ming, and both plots were&nbsp;&nbsp; ultimately acquired by Qiangsheng Real Estate. At the time, Qiangsheng's display of wealth&nbsp;&nbsp; and power at the bidding site made the two&nbsp; veteran real estate professionals hesitate.&nbsp; The two local strongmen from Yanjing&nbsp; ultimately returned empty-handed and defeated.&nbsp; “You mean Yu Ming? He happens&nbsp; to be at Yiheyuan Villa today,&nbsp;&nbsp; only a 2-minute drive from here. I’ll have him&nbsp; come and pay a visit to the two big shots.”&nbsp; As he spoke, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; picked up his phone, dialed&nbsp;&nbsp; Yu Ming's number, and made some arrangements. Liu and Fan stared at Xiao Qiang with suspicion.&nbsp; During the two minutes of their suspicion, Yu&nbsp; Ming arrived in his Mercedes. After searching&nbsp;&nbsp; the scene, he went straight to Xiao Qiang&nbsp; and asked, "Mr. Xiao, what are your plans?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang touched his nose. "There's nothing&nbsp; specific to it. I have two big shots in the real&nbsp;&nbsp; estate industry who can introduce you to them." Then he pointed to Liu Qingtian and Fan Zhengming&nbsp;&nbsp; beside him, "President Liu of Qingtian Real&nbsp; Estate, President Fan of Fan's Real Estate,&nbsp;&nbsp; you should have met them before..." Yu Ming was naturally aware of this;&nbsp;&nbsp; he had conducted research and investigation on&nbsp; every player in the Beijing real estate industry.&nbsp; Facing these two bigwigs, Yu Ming&nbsp; adopted an extremely humble attitude,&nbsp;&nbsp; taking the initiative to greet them, "Hello,&nbsp; President Liu! Hello, President Fan!"&nbsp; Liu and Fan immediately greeted him&nbsp; with smiles, "Hello, President Yu!..."&nbsp; After some pleasantries, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang finally addressed Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; and Fan again, "Do you two believe me now?" This time, neither of them raised any further&nbsp;&nbsp; questions, clearly accepting the current outcome. "Mr. Fan, what about these three plots of land?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang asked again leisurely. Fan Zhengming had forgotten his shock.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Here you go...here you go...but the price..." Xiao Qiang then said directly, "Considering that&nbsp;&nbsp; you and your son have been taking&nbsp; turns trying to cause me trouble,&nbsp;&nbsp; Mr. Fan, why don't you name a 'fair' price?" Liu Qingtian, barely suppressing a laugh,&nbsp;&nbsp; gave Xiao Qiang a thumbs up. Fan Zhengming looked at his son&nbsp;&nbsp; and tentatively asked, "1 billion?" Xiao Qiang grinned, "President Fan,&nbsp;&nbsp; how about I also hire an assassin? If you can&nbsp; escape, it proves you're incredibly lucky, and&nbsp;&nbsp; our feud will be wiped clean. What do you say?" "Dad, can't you be a little more generous? What&nbsp;&nbsp; time is it? Why are you still being so stingy?" Fan Zhengyang's words instantly broke his father's&nbsp;&nbsp; composure. He thought to himself, "If it weren't&nbsp; for you, my unfilial son, why would I be in&nbsp;&nbsp; this miserable state, having to be so humble?&nbsp; And now you're complaining that I'm stingy?"&nbsp; However, he was helpless and shook his&nbsp; head dejectedly, saying in a low voice,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Fine, I'll take the 500 million..." Xiao Qiang nodded in satisfaction&nbsp;&nbsp; this time. "Yu Ming, go to Fan's Real&nbsp; Estate tomorrow and find President Fan.&nbsp;&nbsp; Take over those three plots of land across the&nbsp; street from President Fan for 500 million!"&nbsp; "Is everything alright, Mr. Fan?" Fan Zhengming was completely fed up with&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's smug, self-serving attitude,&nbsp; and replied as he left, "No problem."&nbsp; Yu Ming was delighted to hear this; it&nbsp; was such a bargain, practically free.&nbsp; The Fan family father and son, along with Yu&nbsp; Ming, left one after another, leaving only the&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu family members and Xiao Qiang at the scene. Only then did Xiao Qiang notice that three pairs&nbsp;&nbsp; of eyes, each with a different&nbsp; expression, were fixed on him. Chapter 139 The Powerful Feng Ruolan Although Feng Ruolan and Liu Qingyuan barely&nbsp;&nbsp; spoke throughout, the mother and daughter&nbsp; had been watching their conversation with&nbsp;&nbsp; surprise and keen interest the whole time. Seeing that all the outsiders had left,&nbsp;&nbsp; Feng Ruolan went straight forward. "Old Liu, judging from your conversation&nbsp;&nbsp; just now, Xiao Qiang's Qiangsheng Real&nbsp; Estate seems to be quite impressive?"&nbsp; Liu Qingtian thought to himself, "This isn't just&nbsp; impressive, it's absolutely awesome!" However,&nbsp;&nbsp; he, Liu Qingtian, would never do something that&nbsp; boosts others' morale while diminishing his own.&nbsp; "It's so-so, only slightly better&nbsp; than my Qingtian Real Estate..."&nbsp; Feng Ruolan didn't point it out. She&nbsp; had just searched for the company on&nbsp;&nbsp; her phone and found that it had been rated as&nbsp; the number one real estate company in China by&nbsp;&nbsp; a professional organization, while Qingtian&nbsp; Real Estate was ranked outside the top 30.&nbsp; "Old Liu, didn't you say before that you&nbsp; would agree to your daughter dating Xiaoqiang&nbsp;&nbsp; when he became successful in his career?" Liu Qingtian was taken aback, not expecting&nbsp;&nbsp; his wife to bring this up at this time. He&nbsp; stammered, "Um... I did... say that... but..."&nbsp; Liu Qingtian wanted to say something&nbsp; else, to create some obstacles, but&nbsp;&nbsp; Feng Ruolan interrupted him directly, "Alright,&nbsp; admitting that I'm better than you is enough."&nbsp; Xiaoqiang, you don't need to pay attention to&nbsp; your uncle's opinion. His opinion and views&nbsp;&nbsp; don't dominate in our family, so I just&nbsp; agree to your relationship with Qingyuan.&nbsp; Liu Qingtian sighed helplessly. He would endure&nbsp; it so that he wouldn't have to sleep on the sofa&nbsp;&nbsp; again and so that he would have a chance&nbsp; to practice his alt account in the future!&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan glanced at her father&nbsp; with sympathy, then secretly&nbsp;&nbsp; glanced at Xiao Qiang with embarrassment. Xiao Qiang was overjoyed, "Thank you, Auntie!"&nbsp; "By the way, Xiaoqiang, now that you and&nbsp; Qingyuan have already... you should hurry&nbsp;&nbsp; up and get your marriage certificate ..." Liu Qingtian couldn't stand it anymore.&nbsp;&nbsp; "What nonsense are you spouting? How old are&nbsp; you to be getting a marriage certificate... Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; by the way, Xiao Qiang, what were those two&nbsp; little booklets you showed Fan Yunming earlier?&nbsp;&nbsp; Why did the arrogant third son of the Fan&nbsp; family slink away after seeing them..."&nbsp; Feng Ruolan and Liu Qingyuan were also very&nbsp; curious and cast longing glances at Xiaoqiang.&nbsp; Seeing this, Xiao Qiang chuckled, took out the&nbsp; notebook again, and handed it to Liu Qingtian.&nbsp; The other party couldn't wait to open it, and the&nbsp; mother and daughter immediately gathered around.&nbsp; Liu Qingtian: "Holy crap, a major general?" Feng Ruolan: "Wow, so handsome, such a soldier..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan didn't say anything, but in her&nbsp; heart she was amazed, "He really looks handsome&nbsp;&nbsp; in military uniform..." Then she couldn't help&nbsp; but steal a glance at Xiao Qiang next to her.&nbsp; Liu Qingtian was speechless. Was this&nbsp; some kind of nested identity game,&nbsp;&nbsp; with layer upon layer of identities...? I'm exhausted and speechless...&nbsp; Feng Ruolan's intelligent eyes darted around.&nbsp; "Qingyuan, Xiaoqiang, I think some things should&nbsp;&nbsp; be done while you're young, like having a child&nbsp; soon, while your dad and I are still young and&nbsp;&nbsp; can help you take care of it..." The three were petrified. Is&nbsp;&nbsp; this something you can do on a whim? Liu Qingyuan felt her face burning hot. "Mom,&nbsp;&nbsp; shut up! What nonsense are you spouting..." "You silly child, getting pregnant out of&nbsp;&nbsp; wedlock is one thing, but that's&nbsp; how you conceived back then..."&nbsp; Liu Qingtian felt that he had never been so&nbsp; embarrassed in his life. What kind of woman&nbsp;&nbsp; was this? Why couldn't she keep her mouth shut? "Mom and Dad, we need to go back to school.&nbsp;&nbsp; You two should come home quickly&nbsp; and get on with your business..."&nbsp; As she spoke, she pulled&nbsp; Xiao Qiang toward the school.&nbsp; Feng Ruolan behind him looked at him&nbsp; with a disappointed expression, saying,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Can't you learn from your mother's shrewdness?" Watching Xiao Qiang and his companion walk away,&nbsp;&nbsp; Feng Ruolan seemed to remember something&nbsp; and shouted, "Xiao Qiang, after you two...&nbsp;&nbsp; you should make sure to elevate Qingyuan's hips a&nbsp; bit, it'll make it easier for her to conceive..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Liu Qingyuan stumbled&nbsp; and almost fell to the ground.&nbsp; Liu Qingtian, standing to the side, covered his&nbsp; face with both hands, looking utterly helpless.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Liu Qingyuan walked hand in hand&nbsp; back to the girls' dormitory. Liu Qingyuan didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; say a word the whole time, her mind replaying&nbsp; the scenes from the night like a movie.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, my mom wasn't like this before.&nbsp; I don't know what's wrong with her lately,&nbsp;&nbsp; she's become rambling and outspoken. Maybe...maybe&nbsp; she's going through menopause...please don't&nbsp;&nbsp; mind her..." "No way!"&nbsp; But Qingyuan, when should we try it out? Liu Qingyuan looked up at Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang in confusion, "Test what?" Xiao Qiang leaned close to Liu Qingyuan's&nbsp;&nbsp; ear and whispered, "About having children..." Xiao Qiang's hot breath brushed against Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; Qingyuan's fair and smooth earlobe,&nbsp; making Liu Qingyuan's heart flutter.&nbsp;&nbsp; When she heard that it was about something&nbsp; as embarrassing as childbirth, the blush on&nbsp;&nbsp; her cheeks instantly spread to her neck. "What nonsense are you thinking about?&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going back to my dorm first.&nbsp; You should get some rest too."&nbsp; left as if she were fleeing.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang laughed and said,&nbsp; "Just kidding! Goodnight!"&nbsp; For the next five days, Xiao Qiang had a rare&nbsp; break, spending his time accompanying Liu, the&nbsp;&nbsp; school beauty, to classes, meals, and self-study,&nbsp; and their relationship grew even closer.&nbsp; However, Liu Qingyuan never received the&nbsp; romantic confession she had been hoping for,&nbsp;&nbsp; which left her slightly disappointed. Which girl doesn't yearn for romance and&nbsp;&nbsp; long for a unique and heartfelt confession? However, Liu, the campus belle,&nbsp;&nbsp; also thoroughly enjoyed this hazy version&nbsp; of first love. She even kept asking her&nbsp;&nbsp; roommates, "Does this count as a relationship?" But her dorm friends ruthlessly interpreted it as,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You're publicly displaying your affection!" That evening, Xiao Qiang finally received good&nbsp;&nbsp; news. After more than twenty days, the stock&nbsp; trading department had finally cleared the&nbsp;&nbsp; outstanding short positions in M shares.&nbsp; The initial total short position amounted&nbsp;&nbsp; to US$85 billion. US$55.3 billion was spent&nbsp; on repaying the shorted shares and related&nbsp;&nbsp; short selling fees, leaving US$29.7 billion. Excluding the initial $8.5 billion principal,&nbsp;&nbsp; this shorting of M-shares has&nbsp; yielded a profit of $21.2 billion.&nbsp; Currently, the stock trading department's&nbsp; accounts hold a staggering $29.7 billion.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang casually obtained 5 billion euros from&nbsp; the Europa cruise ship, and immediately converted&nbsp;&nbsp; it into 50 billion Chinese yuan after returning&nbsp; to China. After investing 20 billion yuan in a&nbsp;&nbsp; real estate company, 5 billion yuan in Qiangsheng&nbsp; Fengtou, and subsequently allocating 1 billion&nbsp;&nbsp; yuan for the launch of Qiangsheng Security, he&nbsp; still has 24 billion yuan in his personal account.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang instructed Li Muyao to give all&nbsp;&nbsp; colleagues in the trading department a three-day&nbsp; holiday, including the five-star chefs, pastry&nbsp;&nbsp; chefs, and cleaning staff who serve the traders. The reason they were given a break was twofold:&nbsp;&nbsp; firstly, everyone was indeed tired during this&nbsp; period, and secondly, Xiao Qiang wanted to&nbsp;&nbsp; get a batch of rewards for everyone. Xiao Qiang dialed He Lida's number.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, you're a rare guest! What&nbsp; made you think of calling me...?"&nbsp; "I'm buying a car, so I'll do you a&nbsp; favor and support your business..."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Fatty He Lida said, "Come to my&nbsp; shop! Haozi, Xiao Ji, and the others are all here.&nbsp;&nbsp; There's a car race later; I'll show you..." "Okay, I'll be right there..." Chapter 140 A Bloodbath Xiao Qiang pondered for a moment&nbsp; before going to the underground&nbsp;&nbsp; garage of Yihe Villa and looking at the&nbsp; dark ghost lying there quietly—Koenigsegg.&nbsp; Since Xu Taihang delivered the car, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; only familiarized himself with its operation&nbsp;&nbsp; with the help of professionals before parking&nbsp; it in the underground parking lot. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; professionals regularly clean the car&nbsp; to ensure it remains clean and tidy.&nbsp; Koenigsegg sports cars exude a powerful presence,&nbsp; with streamlined bodies that pierce the air like&nbsp;&nbsp; swords, and exposed carbon fiber body panels&nbsp; that showcase both lightness and strength.&nbsp; The sharp front design, paired with a&nbsp; massive air intake, exudes power and speed.&nbsp;&nbsp; The unique scissor doors and metal exhaust&nbsp; outlets add a touch of untamed wildness,&nbsp;&nbsp; making it unforgettable at first glance. Xiao Qiang sat in the car and started the&nbsp;&nbsp; engine. The huge roar was like the roar of a giant&nbsp; beast, showing its power and domineering presence.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, who has a strong learning ability,&nbsp; quickly adapted and skillfully drove the luxury&nbsp;&nbsp; supercar toward the address given by Da Zi. Half an hour later, at a luxury car dealership&nbsp;&nbsp; located at the foot of Wangmangling&nbsp; Mountain in the suburbs of Yanjing.&nbsp; Lin Hao, He Lida, and Ji Zhiming&nbsp; were already sunbathing by the door&nbsp;&nbsp; while waiting for Xiao Qiang. A moment later, an all-black&nbsp;&nbsp; Koenigsegg approached from a distance. "My God, this is the Koenigsegg HV8&nbsp;&nbsp; that was just showcased in Beijing during the&nbsp; National Day holiday, with 2300 horsepower!"&nbsp; Who was the amazing person&nbsp; who managed to snag this car?!&nbsp; Just as the three were marveling at&nbsp; the scene, the Koenigsegg came to a&nbsp;&nbsp; smooth stop in front of the dealership,&nbsp; and the revolving door opened gracefully.&nbsp; Upon seeing that it was Xiao Qiang who got&nbsp; off the bus, the trio exclaimed "Holy crap!"&nbsp;&nbsp; in unison and ran towards him. "Xiaoqiang, you're amazing! You&nbsp;&nbsp; actually bought this car?" Dazi asked in surprise,&nbsp;&nbsp; his eyes filled with admiration as he looked at&nbsp; Xiao Qiang. This car wasn't something you could&nbsp;&nbsp; buy just by having money. Xiao Qiang was unwilling&nbsp;&nbsp; to explain further, so he nodded. "Quick, Xiaoqiang, pull me onto the track,&nbsp;&nbsp; let me take a lap, let me feel it..." Dazi, who loves cars like his own life,&nbsp;&nbsp; is clearly impatient. Xiao Ji said with a disdainful look, "Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang, you'd better watch out, Fatty has kidney&nbsp; deficiency. Once, when he rode in my car, he peed&nbsp;&nbsp; right in it because we were going too fast..." "Get lost, Xiao Ji! That was a special case.&nbsp;&nbsp; I had just finished drinking and&nbsp; forgot to go to the bathroom..."&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, don't listen to his nonsense! He&nbsp; definitely won't be able to pee this time!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang also wanted to experience the&nbsp; wildness of this top-of-the-line supercar&nbsp;&nbsp; on a professional track. "Let's go, get in!" Dazi immediately sat down in the passenger seat,&nbsp;&nbsp; his slightly overweight figure&nbsp; practically wedged into the seat,&nbsp;&nbsp; making even wearing a seatbelt seem unnecessary. Everyone immediately jogged after the car to the&nbsp;&nbsp; track entrance next to the 4S store. At that&nbsp; moment, a race had just ended, and everyone was&nbsp;&nbsp; leaving the track one after another. Dazi arranged&nbsp; for the staff to clear the track immediately.&nbsp; Five minutes later, the track was cleared! Xiao Qiang put on the racing helmet that&nbsp;&nbsp; came with the car. "Dazi, there's only one&nbsp; helmet in this car. Are you sure you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; need to find another one?" Dazi said, "It's okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; it makes no difference whether you carry it&nbsp; or not when you drive at 200 mph or higher!"&nbsp; Many racing enthusiasts&nbsp;&nbsp; nearby took out their phones and started&nbsp; taking pictures and videos of the Koenigsegg.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang applied a little&nbsp; force to the accelerator pedal,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the Koenigsegg immediately roared twice,&nbsp; then the tires began to spin rapidly in the air.&nbsp; The next second, the car shot off like an arrow. In the blink of an eye, the car's speed soared&nbsp;&nbsp; to over 150 kilometers per hour. The intense push-back sensation sent&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's adrenaline soaring, and&nbsp; he shouted, "That's fucking awesome!"&nbsp; At that moment, he finally realized&nbsp; that the addiction to racing was real.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was thrilled, but Da Zi next&nbsp; to him was suffering. "Holy crap..."&nbsp; Dazi was pressed firmly into the seat by the&nbsp; enormous inertia, unable to even breathe.&nbsp; The entire field of vision was rapidly receding. It felt as if all the blood in my body rushed to&nbsp;&nbsp; my brain in an instant, and my&nbsp; palms were sweating profusely!&nbsp; The roar of the engine, in particular,&nbsp; made one's internal organs tremble in sync.&nbsp; At this moment, Xiao Qiang was channeling&nbsp; Schumacher, his expression focused, gripping&nbsp;&nbsp; the steering wheel tightly. 280...&nbsp; 320... 378...&nbsp; 402... This speed far exceeds that of&nbsp; high-speed rail of the same era.&nbsp; "ah......." "Holy crap... Mr. Xiao... slow down..."&nbsp; If Xiao Qiang had a third eye, he would have seen&nbsp; the expression on Da Zi's face, which showed he&nbsp;&nbsp; was so frightened he was about to lose his mind. However, Dazi's shouts were completely drowned&nbsp;&nbsp; out by the roar of the engine! When the car reached a speed&nbsp;&nbsp; of 420 kilometers per hour, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; felt as if his soul had left his body!&nbsp; The mind and the body are&nbsp; now in two different worlds!&nbsp; "That was fucking awesome..." Koenigsegg's incredible performance&nbsp;&nbsp; left the audience speechless. "This isn't just going too fast,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's flying way too low!!!" "......"&nbsp; At this extreme speed, a straight road&nbsp; disappears in the blink of an eye!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang then eased off the accelerator,&nbsp; but only slightly reduced the speed;&nbsp;&nbsp; the speedometer needle remained above 200. Next, Xiao Qiang started drifting on various&nbsp;&nbsp; S-shaped, U-shaped, and V-shaped tracks. Finally, they returned to the straight track&nbsp;&nbsp; and went back to the starting point. As he approached the starting line,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang executed a beautiful dragon tail swing,&nbsp; bringing the car to a stop on the starting line.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang got out of the car, took off his&nbsp; hat, and took a deep breath of the fresh air.&nbsp; Meanwhile, on the other side, Dazi struggled&nbsp; to get up from the passenger seat and scrambled&nbsp;&nbsp; out of the car. "vomit......"&nbsp; "Dazi, this won't do..." Almost everyone present&nbsp;&nbsp; recognized Dazi, and they all mocked him. After vomiting for a few seconds, Da Zi,&nbsp;&nbsp; pale-faced, said, "Why don't you guys try it? Damn&nbsp; it, you can't even catch up with their souls..."&nbsp; Lin Hao and Xiao Ji helped&nbsp; Da Zi back to his office,&nbsp;&nbsp; where he rested for a while before recovering. "Brother Qiang, your driving skills are&nbsp;&nbsp; amazing. I've been driving on this&nbsp; Wangmangling track for 3 years and&nbsp;&nbsp; I've never seen a driver with your skills." I even think that if racing legend Schumacher&nbsp;&nbsp; came, he'd be at this level... Xiao Qiang nodded in agreement;&nbsp;&nbsp; indeed, that was his level. "Xiaoqiang, next October, the 'Wangmangling&nbsp;&nbsp; Car God' competition will be held here. Supercar&nbsp; enthusiasts from all over China will come to&nbsp;&nbsp; participate. Most importantly, Lin Yumo, the&nbsp; folk car god of China, will also participate!"&nbsp; "A woman?" Xiao Qiang was&nbsp;&nbsp; quite surprised. Aren't most racers men? How could&nbsp; the legendary Chinese race car driver be a woman?&nbsp; Dazi nodded. "But she was also an extremely&nbsp; beautiful woman, with that figure,&nbsp;&nbsp; those breasts, those legs, wow..." As they discussed and commented,&nbsp;&nbsp; Da Zi's mouth was practically watering. Is it really that exaggerated?&nbsp; Lin Hao and Xiao Ji, who were standing next to&nbsp; him, immediately nodded. "What Da Zi said this&nbsp;&nbsp; time is not an exaggeration at all." That Lin Yumo, men drool over her,&nbsp;&nbsp; and women feel inferior. A cool and aloof older sister type! Chapter 141 Spending 180 Million on a Car Hearing the three of them give such an&nbsp;&nbsp; evaluation, Xiao Qiang suddenly felt a little&nbsp; hopeful, "No problem, I'll definitely come!"&nbsp; Let's go, visit your 4S store, and&nbsp; maybe buy a few cars while we're at it!&nbsp; Da Zi was immediately amused. He had noticed&nbsp; that Xiao Qiang had mentioned a batch of cars,&nbsp;&nbsp; not just one car. He immediately perked&nbsp;&nbsp; up and led everyone into the 4S store. After much deliberation, Xiao Qiang finally&nbsp;&nbsp; settled on a Mercedes-Benz DQS-Class, with the&nbsp; top-of-the-line model costing 2 million yuan.&nbsp; Mercedes-Benz truly lives up to its reputation&nbsp; as a perennial favorite among luxury cars.&nbsp;&nbsp; The top-grade leather seats are incredibly soft&nbsp; to the touch; the interior trim uses high-grade&nbsp;&nbsp; wood grain materials, which complement&nbsp; the metallic trim strips perfectly,&nbsp;&nbsp; creating a noble and elegant atmosphere; advanced&nbsp; infotainment systems, automatic air conditioning,&nbsp;&nbsp; and premium sound systems make every&nbsp; journey an enjoyable experience.&nbsp; Moreover, the space is spacious&nbsp; enough to allow for some exercise.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, how many are you planning to buy? I&nbsp; guarantee you the lowest price on the market!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang quickly calculated in&nbsp; his mind, "Let's get 95 of these."&nbsp; "How many?" Dazi didn't react for a moment.&nbsp; "95 vehicles!" "Xiaoqiang, why are you buying so many cars&nbsp;&nbsp; all at once? Are you going to become a middleman?" Lin Hao, standing next to him, was also incredibly&nbsp;&nbsp; amazed; it was the first time he had&nbsp; ever seen someone buy a car like this.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang smiled and said,&nbsp; "It's nothing, just giving&nbsp;&nbsp; the employees some year-end bonuses in advance!" "Holy crap...that's generous...they're starting to&nbsp;&nbsp; give out year-end bonuses in November..." "Money talks..."&nbsp; "Is your company still hiring? ...Save a&nbsp; spot for me, I'd like to work there too..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang seemed to&nbsp;&nbsp; have thought of something else, "Oh right, while&nbsp; you're at it, bring me 20 of those 500,000 yuan&nbsp;&nbsp; Mercedes-Benz E-Class cars..." Dazi: "What's this for...?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang: "The company's chefs, cleaners, and&nbsp; pastry chefs work very hard, let's treat them..."&nbsp; The rest can be used as buses! Everyone was speechless with despair!&nbsp; You're awesome! You even give Mercedes-Benzes to toilet cleaners!&nbsp; Little did they know, the cleaning&nbsp; staff at the Summer Palace Villas&nbsp;&nbsp; were all stunningly beautiful mature women. "Oh, and give me one of those Volkswagen Phaetons,&nbsp;&nbsp; but make sure you peel off those letters and&nbsp; replace them with the Santana letters..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's actions completely baffled&nbsp; Da Zi. "What kind of move is this?!"&nbsp; "I drive it to school or for other&nbsp; errands, keeping a low profile..."&nbsp; The three of them stared at Xiao Qiang as if he&nbsp; were an idiot. Driving a luxury car to college&nbsp;&nbsp; and having a female student in the passenger&nbsp; seat—this was the dream of so many people.&nbsp; You've gone too far! You've turned a&nbsp; luxury car into a mass-market product!&nbsp; However, Dazi still arranged for&nbsp; staff to make simple modifications&nbsp;&nbsp; to a Phaeton worth over two million yuan&nbsp; according to Xiao Qiang's requirements.&nbsp; Half an hour later, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; looked at the incredibly luxurious&nbsp;&nbsp; Santana and nodded with satisfaction. "Dazi, calculate the bill for me, but you&nbsp;&nbsp; also need to arrange for someone to drive all of&nbsp; these hundred or so cars to the Yiheyuan Villa."&nbsp; Dazi: "No problem, I guarantee you'll&nbsp; drive them all back within two days."&nbsp; "95 Mercedes-Benz DQS cars, 20 Mercedes-Benz&nbsp; E-Class cars, and one Volkswagen Phaeton,&nbsp;&nbsp; totaling 197 million. We're&nbsp; buddies, just give me 180 million."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded, "Then I won't stand on&nbsp; ceremony with you, hurry up and swipe your card."&nbsp; After completing the formalities, the&nbsp; four arrived at the 4S store. Dazi said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, why don't you park your Koenigsegg&nbsp; at my racetrack? I have a professional parking&nbsp;&nbsp; garage and professional maintenance staff.&nbsp; Otherwise, you can drive it back. I guess it'll&nbsp;&nbsp; just be eating dust in the underground garage." Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang nodded, "That's&nbsp;&nbsp; great! Then I'll leave it to you to manage." He then tossed the Koenigsegg car keys to Dazi.&nbsp; After saying goodbye to the three, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; drove his luxury Santana to Yenching University,&nbsp;&nbsp; where a very "special" friend was waiting for him. When Xiao Qiang drove to the gate of Yanda&nbsp;&nbsp; University, he saw the fat man from afar. That's right, this friend is Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; high school roommate, Yang Bin. Some time before the college&nbsp;&nbsp; entrance examination, due to the "catfish&nbsp; effect" brought about by Xiao Qiang, Yang&nbsp;&nbsp; Bin achieved a high score of 615 points in the&nbsp; college entrance examination and entered Yenching&nbsp;&nbsp; University of Science and Technology to conduct&nbsp; research on computer communication technology.&nbsp; When Xiao Qiang was setting up Huaxia TCM Hall,&nbsp; he did consider having Yang Bin take the lead,&nbsp;&nbsp; but then he thought that he had more important&nbsp; entrepreneurial ventures that Yang Bin needed&nbsp;&nbsp; to steer, so he directly pulled his college&nbsp; roommate into the pharmaceutical business.&nbsp; Now, the pharmaceutical sector has achieved&nbsp; unexpected and huge success after developing&nbsp;&nbsp; anti-cancer drugs, generating massive cash flow.&nbsp; Qiangsheng Capital, the controlling shareholder,&nbsp;&nbsp; owns 80% of Huaxia TCM Hall, and Xiao&nbsp; Qiang also holds 5%, meaning that Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang directly and indirectly owns 85% of the&nbsp; equity of Huaxia TCM Hall, this super cash cow.&nbsp; Currently, there is still $29.7 billion&nbsp; in the trading department account directly&nbsp;&nbsp; under Qiangsheng Investment, and 24&nbsp; billion Chinese yuan in bank cards.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang is confident that he can&nbsp; further expand the scope of his career.&nbsp; So this time, I invited my&nbsp; two lifetime friends over.&nbsp; After driving the car next to Yang&nbsp; Bin, Xiao Qiang rolled down the&nbsp;&nbsp; passenger window and shouted at him: "Brother Milk, get in the car!"&nbsp; When Yang Bin saw that it was Xiao Qiang&nbsp; sitting in the driver's seat, he exclaimed,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Wow, it's only been two months, and you're&nbsp; driving a private car? That's impressive!"&nbsp; Wow, you just bought this? It's so new! "I just picked it up today! I drove it&nbsp;&nbsp; here especially to welcome you!" "Really? You've gotten even&nbsp;&nbsp; more eloquent in just two months!" While chatting with Xiao Qiang, Yang Bin glanced&nbsp;&nbsp; around at the luxurious accessories in the car. "Xiaoqiang, your Santana? Why does it look&nbsp;&nbsp; different from the one I've&nbsp; ridden in? It's so luxurious!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang naturally didn't hide anything from&nbsp; Yang Bin and told him everything about the car.&nbsp; This left Yang Bin speechless with&nbsp; astonishment. You see, Yang Bin's&nbsp;&nbsp; family were vegetable farmers, and on a good&nbsp; year, they could earn 40,000 to 50,000 yuan.&nbsp; That's great. You have one car, and my parents&nbsp; would have to work for at least 40 years without&nbsp;&nbsp; eating, drinking, or spending any money. "Xiaoqiang, you son of a bitch,&nbsp;&nbsp; how much money have you made in the last two&nbsp; months? What kind of money are you making?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang did a quick calculation,&nbsp; "Several trillions, I guess..."&nbsp; "Tch... I don't believe you for a second..." Xiao Qiang knew this was an exaggeration,&nbsp;&nbsp; so he didn't explain anything and started&nbsp; the car to drive towards Yihe Villa.&nbsp; "Wow, what a place! This house&nbsp; is so luxurious... My goodness,&nbsp;&nbsp; so many villas, this garden... wow..." "Xiaoqiang, you bought a house here?"&nbsp; Yang Bin tried to imagine as boldly&nbsp; as possible that if he could afford&nbsp;&nbsp; a luxury car worth 2 million yuan, he&nbsp; should also be able to afford a villa.&nbsp; "I guess so..." "What do you mean by&nbsp;&nbsp; 'consider'? Your explanation is easily&nbsp; misunderstood. Buying means buying,&nbsp;&nbsp; not buying means not buying..." We should be down-to-earth;&nbsp;&nbsp; he can't make you out of bragging, right? Then they entered the largest villa in the&nbsp;&nbsp; headquarters of the Qiangsheng Group. "Hello, Mr. Xiao..." "Oh, hello!"&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao has become even more&nbsp; handsome..." "Really? I think so too."&nbsp; When the headquarters staff&nbsp;&nbsp; saw Xiao Qiang, they all rushed to greet him. As&nbsp; always, he was approachable and unpretentious. Chapter 142 Early Payment of Year-End Bonuses Yang Bin, who was following behind,&nbsp;&nbsp; seemed to have noticed something from&nbsp; the words and actions of the crowd.&nbsp; "Are you a senior executive at this company?"&nbsp; "To correct you, it's the highest pipe!" Yang Bin muttered to himself in confusion,&nbsp;&nbsp; "The highest pipe? That means...?" Seeing Yang Bin's thoughtful gaze,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded, "Brother Nai, you&nbsp; guessed right, I am the owner here."&nbsp; "What about the villas here?" "They're all mine!"&nbsp; Yang Bin was now completely bewildered! Led by Xiao Qiang, the two went straight&nbsp;&nbsp; to Li Muyao's office door. The door was&nbsp; open, and Li Muyao seemed to be handling&nbsp;&nbsp; something with a pile of documents. After giving Yang Bin a "shh" signal,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stood at the door and&nbsp; quietly watched the busy beauty.&nbsp; As if sensing something, Li Muyao looked&nbsp; up and saw the man who haunted her dreams.&nbsp; The beautiful woman, who had just been working&nbsp; seriously, immediately put on a joyful expression&nbsp;&nbsp; and stood up to greet him, saying, "Come in&nbsp; quickly, what are you standing there for?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang then entered, and Yang&nbsp; Bin followed him into the office.&nbsp;&nbsp; Only then did Yang Bin get a clear look at&nbsp; the beautiful woman's figure and appearance.&nbsp; Li Muyao also noticed the unfamiliar man&nbsp; behind Xiao Qiang. "Xiao Qiang, who is this?"&nbsp; Let me introduce you two. Yang Bin, my high school classmate! My good buddy!&nbsp; Li Muyao, president of Qiangsheng Group! This was the first time Li Muyao had ever&nbsp;&nbsp; heard Xiao Qiang call her a "good buddy," so&nbsp; she took it very seriously. "Hello, Yang Bin."&nbsp; Yang Bin, feeling somewhat overwhelmed&nbsp; by the enthusiasm of the beautiful CEO&nbsp;&nbsp; in front of him, said, "Hello, Ms. Li." As if suddenly remembering something,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang added, "The three of us are all&nbsp; from Jinshi! We are not only fellow townsmen,&nbsp;&nbsp; but also comrades-in-arms from now on." "Mu Yao, I plan to establish the Qiangsheng&nbsp;&nbsp; Industrial Manufacturing Bureau in early 2009,&nbsp; focusing on high-end industrial manufacturing,&nbsp;&nbsp; covering research and development in&nbsp; new energy vehicles, aero engines,&nbsp;&nbsp; high-power industrial engines, and other&nbsp; high-precision industrial manufacturing fields."&nbsp; I called Yang Bin here today because I plan&nbsp; to have him take charge of the management of&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiangsheng Industrial Manufacturing Bureau&nbsp; in the future. So there are a few things&nbsp;&nbsp; that I need your cooperation to implement. First, contact top international training&nbsp;&nbsp; programs for professional managers in&nbsp; the industrial manufacturing sector&nbsp;&nbsp; and send Yang Bin there to learn. Second, contact headhunting firms&nbsp;&nbsp; to poach talent from major industrial&nbsp; and manufacturing companies, sparing&nbsp;&nbsp; no expense as long as they are top-notch talent. Third, after Yang Bin returns from his training,&nbsp;&nbsp; organize key personnel to visit Fortune&nbsp; 500 industrial manufacturing companies&nbsp;&nbsp; for study tours to learn about their&nbsp; cutting-edge technological achievements.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang spoke at length, while Li Muyao&nbsp; carefully recorded every key point he made.&nbsp; Yang Bin, standing next to him, was completely&nbsp; confused. "I don't know anything about those guys&nbsp;&nbsp; you're talking about. What are new energy vehicles&nbsp; and aero engines? What are all these things?"&nbsp; Dude, I studied mechanical engineering&nbsp; and manufacturing, but all I really do&nbsp;&nbsp; is research things like excavators. What&nbsp; you're talking about is a bit too high-end!&nbsp; Yang Bin nudged Xiao Qiang, signaling him&nbsp; to come out with him. In his subconscious,&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Muyao, sitting upright in the boss's&nbsp; chair, seemed more like the boss,&nbsp;&nbsp; while his good buddy, Xiao Qiang, dressed&nbsp; casually, didn't look like a big boss at all.&nbsp; As soon as he stepped out of Li Muyao's office,&nbsp; he yelled, "You son of a bitch Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; did you even ask for my opinion? Besides,&nbsp; I'm just a freshman. I've never even heard&nbsp;&nbsp; of any of what you're talking about. How&nbsp; am I supposed to do this? And I'm still&nbsp;&nbsp; in school. How am I supposed to work for you?" Yang Bin threw out three probing questions in a&nbsp;&nbsp; row, but Xiao Qiang just smiled calmly. He&nbsp; had anticipated his good friend's reaction.&nbsp; Because the three brothers, Fu Hao, Mingxing, and&nbsp; Niu Bi, also had the same questions back then,&nbsp;&nbsp; but after one or two months of cramming training&nbsp; and learning, aren't they now managing Huaxia TCM&nbsp;&nbsp; Hall in a proper and orderly manner? "Brother Milk, listen carefully&nbsp;&nbsp; to what I'm about to say." Yang Bin nodded seriously.&nbsp; "We go to school just so that we can have a&nbsp; job to support our families in the future.&nbsp;&nbsp; Starting a business and entering the&nbsp; workforce early, learning by doing,&nbsp;&nbsp; can make our learning more efficient." Most importantly, once you succeed in&nbsp;&nbsp; starting a business, you will have more money&nbsp; than you can spend in several lifetimes.&nbsp; Luxury cars and beautiful women, take your&nbsp; pick. You're a big fan of Akiho Yoshizawa,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Once you've achieved initial success,&nbsp; I'll invite her to interact with you.&nbsp; How about it? Or should we invite Ms.&nbsp;&nbsp; Cang (a famous Taiwanese singer) too? Together? Yang Bin may not have paid much attention to what&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said earlier, but he heard the&nbsp; last few sentences very clearly, and some&nbsp;&nbsp; beautiful images even appeared in his mind. And towards the end, an expression of extreme&nbsp;&nbsp; longing appeared on Yang Bin's face. "Can we really be together?"&nbsp; That's not entirely impossible! Okay, I admit I've been defeated by&nbsp;&nbsp; your capitalist sugar-coated bullets! Xiao Qiang chuckled, and the two&nbsp;&nbsp; returned to Li Muyao's office. "Mu Yao, arrange for the group's&nbsp;&nbsp; human resources department to contact the top&nbsp; professional manager training institutions&nbsp;&nbsp; in China and even internationally, and&nbsp; send Yang Bin out in a couple of days."&nbsp; As for Yenching University of Science and&nbsp; Technology, have someone contact their&nbsp;&nbsp; president to smooth things over and ensure&nbsp; Yang Bin can graduate smoothly in four years.&nbsp; Li Muyao made a complete record of everything. Three days later, also at the Summer Palace Villa! Inside the main conference room of Qiangsheng&nbsp;&nbsp; Investment Department! All the traders in the&nbsp;&nbsp; stock trading department, as well as the&nbsp; five-star chefs, cleaners, and tea masters&nbsp;&nbsp; who serve the trading department, are present. On the conference stage, Xiao Qiang, Li Muyao,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the CFO were all present. Even Yang Bin, who&nbsp; had just joined the company, was brought in by&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang as a special guest. After everyone was seated,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang shouted in a loud voice: "Hey guys in the stock trading department,&nbsp;&nbsp; are you all rested?" Everyone shouted in unison,&nbsp;&nbsp; their spirits high, "All done!" "My brothers have worked hard over&nbsp;&nbsp; the past two months, and I would like to&nbsp; bow to you all to express my gratitude."&nbsp; As he spoke, Xiao Qiang stood up and&nbsp; bowed deeply to everyone present.&nbsp; "Through two months of hard work, we have&nbsp; achieved a total profit of US$21.2 billion."&nbsp; Totaling 169.6 billion Chinese Yuan! At this point, someone in the audience started&nbsp;&nbsp; clapping, and the meeting room was instantly&nbsp; filled with thunderous, prolonged applause.&nbsp; Yang Bin, standing to the side, looked&nbsp; at Xiao Qiang as if he were a monster.&nbsp; He had previously made a bold&nbsp; guess about Xiao Qiang's net worth,&nbsp;&nbsp; saying that with so many villas, it must&nbsp; be worth at least several hundred million.&nbsp; Even today, he still feels that&nbsp; his imagination is too limited!&nbsp; 169.6 billion! Holy crap, how much is that?!&nbsp; For him, 1696 yuan is still a huge sum of money! At this moment, Xiao Qiang's voice rang out again.&nbsp; "I was planning to give everyone a&nbsp; year-end bonus, but I'm sorry..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang suddenly paused, making everyone&nbsp; in the audience hold their breath. "What&nbsp;&nbsp; does this mean? No year-end bonus?" Just as everyone was lost in thought,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang continued, "Sorry, I just can't&nbsp; wait until the end of the year, so let's give&nbsp;&nbsp; out the year-end bonuses early today..." Xiao Qiang's second half of the sentence&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately caused everyone&nbsp; to burst into laughter. Chapter 143 Continuing to fleece M-shares Yang Bin, a college student, had no idea&nbsp;&nbsp; what a year-end bonus was, so he&nbsp; was quite calm at this moment.&nbsp; "Come on, brothers, open the curtains&nbsp; on the left side of the conference room&nbsp;&nbsp; and see the gifts I've prepared for you." several traders near the window&nbsp; successively drew back the curtains.&nbsp; "Wow! A Mercedes-Benz DQS, a luxury&nbsp; car worth 2 million, that's so cool..."&nbsp; With a knowing trader's exclamation, the traders&nbsp; inside excitedly moved towards the window.&nbsp; "Holy crap..." "so much…"&nbsp; The meeting room was once again filled&nbsp; with cheers, one wave after another.&nbsp; Upon witnessing this scene, Yang&nbsp; Bin's emotions broke down once again,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You filthy rich bastard..." At this moment, he was finally&nbsp;&nbsp; filled with boundless anticipation for his&nbsp; future. "Ms. Aoi, Ms. Yoshizawa, wait for me..."&nbsp; Two minutes later, the cheers finally subsided. Xiao Qiang seized the opportunity to raise his&nbsp;&nbsp; hand, and the conference room did not fall&nbsp; silent again, but the joy that was overflowing&nbsp;&nbsp; could not be concealed no matter what. "Besides the traders, the five-star chefs,&nbsp;&nbsp; cleaners, and tea masters present will&nbsp; each receive a Mercedes-Benz E-Class&nbsp;&nbsp; worth 500,000 yuan later." Chef Wang shuddered.&nbsp; "Normally, a chef earns 80,000 yuan a month,&nbsp; which is already top-tier in the culinary world,&nbsp;&nbsp; and now they're also giving him a car..." What should I do? This car's getting&nbsp;&nbsp; too hot to handle... How about we research&nbsp;&nbsp; the Manchu Han Imperial Feast? Hmm, let's do that… The same goes for tea and pastry chef Lin Xuejiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; who has a very leisurely job but earns a&nbsp; monthly salary of 30,000 yuan, more than&nbsp;&nbsp; 90% of white-collar workers in the market.&nbsp; Now she's inexplicably giving away rides.&nbsp;&nbsp; "How about I wear a bikini when I serve tea&nbsp; and water to President Xiao in the future???"&nbsp; Thinking about it this way, Lin Xuejiao, a&nbsp; beautiful 34-year-old divorced single woman,&nbsp;&nbsp; blushed with embarrassment, which was quite rare. Meanwhile, the cleaning lady, who was also&nbsp;&nbsp; a beautiful mature woman, was thinking, "I've&nbsp; already cleaned the toilet until it's sparkling&nbsp;&nbsp; clean, so how can I improve my service level now?" Do we need to make the water in the&nbsp;&nbsp; toilet meet drinking water standards? Meanwhile, Xiao Qiang, the person in charge,&nbsp;&nbsp; looked at the surprised yet fearful expressions&nbsp; on everyone's faces with a smug expression.&nbsp; Yang Bin exclaimed again, "What&nbsp; a spendthrift! Even the cleaning&nbsp;&nbsp; staff are given cars worth 500,000 yuan..." "Quiet down. In addition to these rewards, Li Le,&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhang Kun, and the other three will each&nbsp; receive an extra 400-square-meter villa."&nbsp; Then everyone cast envious glances at the&nbsp; four big shots in the trading department.&nbsp;&nbsp; 400 square meters, now the market&nbsp; price has reached 13 million.&nbsp; Li Le, Zhang Kun, and the other three were&nbsp; all moved to tears. They had left their former&nbsp;&nbsp; employers because they couldn't pay their wages,&nbsp; and by chance, they joined Qiangsheng Group.&nbsp; They are now very grateful that they came&nbsp; to Qiangsheng and met Xiao Qiang. It can&nbsp;&nbsp; be said that Qiangsheng and Xiao&nbsp; Qiang made them who they are today.&nbsp; In addition to a fixed monthly salary of 200,000&nbsp; yuan, the boss gives out bonuses every now and&nbsp;&nbsp; then, and now they have been given a luxury&nbsp; car and villa worth 15 million yuan in one go.&nbsp; Their current income is enough to completely&nbsp; surpass that of all stock traders in the world.&nbsp; All four were visibly excited, and looked at Xiao&nbsp; Qiang with great respect. "Thank you, President&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao. We will work even harder in the future." At this moment, the four of them had only&nbsp;&nbsp; one thought in their minds: a scholar&nbsp; would die for one who understands him.&nbsp; After announcing all the awards, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang raised his arms and gave a shout.&nbsp; "Come on, collect your car keys and&nbsp; property deeds! Take another day&nbsp;&nbsp; off today, everyone return to work tomorrow." The meeting room erupted into chaos once again,&nbsp;&nbsp; with everyone cheering and jumping for joy as&nbsp; they grabbed their keys and rushed downstairs.&nbsp; Immediately afterwards, the roar of luxury&nbsp; cars echoed across the plaza outside...&nbsp; Two days later, a post suddenly&nbsp; went viral on Chinese social media:&nbsp;&nbsp; "An unknown investment company distributed&nbsp; 120 luxury cars as year-end bonuses."&nbsp; The video also included footage of luxury cars&nbsp; on the street, showing 120 Mercedes-Benz vehicles&nbsp;&nbsp; collectively causing a disturbance. The most interesting part&nbsp;&nbsp; is the comments on the post. "What kind of amazing company is this? They're&nbsp;&nbsp; giving out year-end bonuses in November already?!" Our company still hasn't paid out last year's&nbsp;&nbsp; year-end bonuses! "Going insane!"&nbsp; "Have you heard? They say&nbsp; that company even provides&nbsp;&nbsp; Mercedes-Benzes for their cleaning staff?" "What the heck, a cleaning service?"&nbsp; "I'm a general manager, and I'm still only&nbsp; allowed to drive a Passat? This is outrageous!"&nbsp; On the same day, Xiao Qiang visited Li Muyao,&nbsp;&nbsp; the unsung hero, at her Four Seasons Villa. Finally, Li Muyao fell into a deep sleep.&nbsp; Meanwhile, Xiao Qiang, feeling refreshed,&nbsp; picked up his laptop and started checking&nbsp;&nbsp; global stock market quotes. Now that my stock market&nbsp;&nbsp; capital is growing larger, I have fewer and&nbsp; fewer opportunities to engage in short-term&nbsp;&nbsp; trading, and can only look for profit&nbsp; opportunities in the medium to long term.&nbsp; With access to a five-year database of global&nbsp; stock and futures investment information,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang has essentially&nbsp; secured an invincible position.&nbsp; After watching the stock market for half an hour,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang decided to continue profiting from&nbsp;&nbsp; the M-shares. He had no choice; after the&nbsp; sharp declines of the previous two months,&nbsp;&nbsp; with the three major indices falling by&nbsp; an average of 30%, the M-shares market&nbsp;&nbsp; had entered a cyclical bottom, and what followed&nbsp; was a bull market that would last for 10 years.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's decision to go long on the US NASDAQ&nbsp; Internet sector is for no other reason than that&nbsp;&nbsp; the 2008 global financial crisis was also a&nbsp; crisis for the US Internet industry. Against&nbsp;&nbsp; the backdrop of a general economic downturn,&nbsp; the US Internet bubble burst, and the sector&nbsp;&nbsp; had already experienced a sharp drop in the&nbsp; previous 20 days. It is expected to continue&nbsp;&nbsp; its downward trend for the next two months, with&nbsp; the entire Internet index still down by 12%.&nbsp; Two months later, at the beginning of 2009, the&nbsp; US Federal Reserve cut interest rates sharply&nbsp;&nbsp; and launched an economic stimulus plan, which&nbsp; stabilized the US stock market and began to rise.&nbsp; As the internet industry, which experienced the&nbsp; largest decline in the early stages, it is also&nbsp;&nbsp; at the forefront of this stock price rebound. From the moment the decline stopped and&nbsp;&nbsp; stabilized, the internet industry&nbsp; saw a comprehensive increase of&nbsp;&nbsp; 54% over 15 trading days, and a peak&nbsp; increase of 65% over 30 trading days.&nbsp; Having figured everything out, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang finally fell asleep contentedly,&nbsp;&nbsp; holding Li Muyao in his arms. Early the next morning!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang arrived at Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan's dormitory building early.&nbsp; Ten minutes later, Liu Qingyuan and her roommates&nbsp; Li Susu and Qu Xiaohong went downstairs to go&nbsp;&nbsp; to the cafeteria for breakfast. As soon as they&nbsp; stepped out of the dormitory, they were surprised&nbsp;&nbsp; to see Xiao Qiang standing in front of the door. Xiao Qiang spotted Liu Qingyuan immediately and&nbsp;&nbsp; rushed over in one stride. Liu Qingyuan was overjoyed,&nbsp;&nbsp; her cherry lips pouting, "Why is&nbsp; the sun rising from the west today?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang grinned, "Hehe!" "You idiot!"&nbsp; Li Susu: "You two, stop showing off your&nbsp; love in public! I'm already so jealous!"&nbsp; Qu Xiaohong: "Susu, let's go first, otherwise Xiao&nbsp; Qiang might complain that we're interfering with&nbsp;&nbsp; their public display of affection..." Liu Qingyuan's cheeks flushed red&nbsp;&nbsp; from her two roommates' comments.&nbsp; "Hmph... I hate you two so much..." Chapter 144 Rescuing the Foreigner When Liu Qingyuan acted coquettishly, she&nbsp;&nbsp; exuded a unique charm that captivated Xiao Qiang. Seeing Xiao Qiang staring at her with a lecherous&nbsp;&nbsp; look, Liu Qingyuan said coquettishly, Are we still going to eat?&nbsp; "It looks tempting, but I don't have to eat it..." "Keep being sarcastic..."&nbsp; The two went to the cafeteria together, and each&nbsp; bought a serving of fried dough sticks and tofu.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang devoured his rice in the blink&nbsp; of an eye, leaving Liu Qingyuan speechless&nbsp;&nbsp; with astonishment. Are you that hungry?&nbsp; "No!" "Then why are you eating so&nbsp;&nbsp; fast? You look like a starving ghost." "After I finish eating,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can focus on looking at you..." Upon hearing this, Liu Qingyuan's lips curled into&nbsp;&nbsp; a smile, and she smiled happily, "Then you see..." At this moment, even the usually fragrant fried&nbsp;&nbsp; dough sticks and tofu tasted bland, because Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan's heart was now filled with sweetness!&nbsp; It seemed like the meal took a very long time! "Qingyuan, shall we go climb the Great&nbsp;&nbsp; Wall together later?" "Oh? I have class later!"&nbsp; "Then just skip class! A life without&nbsp; skipping class is an incomplete life."&nbsp; "Skipping class? That's not a good idea... and&nbsp; what kind of fallacies are you spouting..."&nbsp; The word "skipping class" seemed to have&nbsp; never appeared in Liu Qingyuan's mind;&nbsp;&nbsp; it felt utterly foreign. "It's nothing to do with&nbsp;&nbsp; whether it's good or bad. One class won't&nbsp; make a difference, and I'll probably be&nbsp;&nbsp; leaving Yanjing for a while in a couple of&nbsp; days, so I won't be able to see you then."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang spoke with immense emotion! Seeing Xiao Qiang's words, Liu Qingyuan softened,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Alright, I'll go with you..." Xiao Qiang immediately started&nbsp;&nbsp; dancing with joy, which amused Liu Qingyuan. The two arrived at the "Santana" restaurant&nbsp;&nbsp; not far from the cafeteria. "You bought a car?" "Yes, otherwise it's not very convenient to go&nbsp;&nbsp; out and run errands." "That's true!"&nbsp; Princess Liu Qingyuan, who comes from a wealthy&nbsp; family, never focuses on the luxury of a vehicle,&nbsp;&nbsp; nor does she ever deliberately compare&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's car with the cars she has&nbsp;&nbsp; ridden in before. End of November!&nbsp; The mountains where the Great Wall is located have&nbsp; lost their greenery; as far as the eye can see,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are only desolate, withered yellow patches. Similarly, the Great Wall scenic area is no&nbsp;&nbsp; longer crowded and noisy like during&nbsp; the National Day holiday. At this time,&nbsp;&nbsp; tourists can more easily appreciate this great&nbsp; miracle that stretches across the land of China.&nbsp; At this moment, at a beacon tower on the&nbsp; Great Wall, three burly foreign men were&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to subdue another young foreign man. However, it is clear from their facial features&nbsp;&nbsp; that the three men have European or American&nbsp; appearances, while the lone man has obvious&nbsp;&nbsp; features of the Great Bear Country. The young man with the bear-like&nbsp;&nbsp; appearance looked to be only about&nbsp; twenty-four or twenty-five years old.&nbsp; Initially, Xiao Qiang was unwilling&nbsp; to meddle in other people's business.&nbsp;&nbsp; He had finally managed to go out and have&nbsp; some fun with his beloved, and it would be&nbsp;&nbsp; a loss if these foreigners ruined his enjoyment. Passing tourists acted as if they didn't see them,&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly walking past them as if&nbsp; trying to avoid them at all costs.&nbsp; At this moment, Liu Qingyuan looked at the&nbsp; young Xiong Kingdom man who had been tackled&nbsp;&nbsp; to the ground, a look of sympathy on her&nbsp; face, and couldn't help but stop beside him.&nbsp; At this moment, the three people obviously&nbsp; noticed that someone had stopped to watch.&nbsp;&nbsp; One of them winked at the other and then&nbsp; at Liu Qingyuan. The person immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; got up and walked towards the direction where&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan and Xiao Qiang were standing.&nbsp; After seeing Liu Qingyuan's appearance&nbsp; clearly, a lewd glint appeared on his face.&nbsp; As he approached, the man spoke in&nbsp; typical M-style English, "Beautiful lady,&nbsp;&nbsp; are you attracted by my strong physique?" No sooner had he finished speaking than the&nbsp;&nbsp; muscular man who had just given him a wink&nbsp; immediately snapped, "Mike, put away your&nbsp;&nbsp; overflowing hormones and get down to business!" Oh! Shit!&nbsp; Hey beautiful, get out of here&nbsp; with your skinny boyfriend!&nbsp; Otherwise, if I punch you with&nbsp; this fist the size of a clay pot,&nbsp;&nbsp; your boyfriend will go to see Jesus. This infuriated Xiao Qiang. How dare you&nbsp;&nbsp; mock me so ruthlessly in front of my beloved?&nbsp; Do you really think your grandfather Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang has lived for nothing all these decades? Enraged, Xiao Qiang was about to step forward and&nbsp;&nbsp; teach this arrogant foreigner a lesson about why&nbsp; the flowers were so red, but Liu Qingyuan stopped&nbsp;&nbsp; him and advised him not to act impulsively. The man from the Great Bear Kingdom, who was&nbsp;&nbsp; pinned down and intimately in contact with the&nbsp; paving stones of the Great Wall, seemed to see&nbsp;&nbsp; a glimmer of hope. He immediately mustered the&nbsp; last bit of strength in his body and struggled&nbsp;&nbsp; desperately, shouting loudly, "Help me please!" At the same time, his eyes were filled with hope&nbsp;&nbsp; as he looked at Liu Qingyuan and Xiao Qiang, as if&nbsp; the two of them were his saviors at this moment.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan's kind eyes met the man's,&nbsp; causing her to struggle internally.&nbsp; At this moment, the burly man saw that&nbsp; the two still had no intention of leaving,&nbsp;&nbsp; and his eyes immediately turned menacing. "Damn it, beautiful lady, did you stay here to&nbsp;&nbsp; witness my might? Don't worry! I'm a hundred times&nbsp; stronger than this Chinese monkey next to you!"&nbsp; It will absolutely get you addicted... Being insulted so openly by a member of the&nbsp;&nbsp; opposite sex, Liu Qingyuan's face turned ashen. Needless to say, Xiao Qiang would have been&nbsp;&nbsp; beaten up by Liu Qingyuan just&nbsp; now if she hadn't stopped him!&nbsp; And now he's still spewing&nbsp; profanities and using foul language.&nbsp; This angered Liu Qingyuan, and Xiao Qiang&nbsp; immediately delivered a flying kick, sending&nbsp;&nbsp; the man named Mike crashing into the city wall. Everything happened in the blink of an eye. By&nbsp;&nbsp; the time Mike's accomplices reacted, Mike was&nbsp; already curled up on the ground, groaning.&nbsp; "Fuck! Those damned Chinese,&nbsp; how dare they attack us..."&nbsp; The remaining two of the three stood up and&nbsp; approached Xiao Qiang with fierce expressions.&nbsp; These two foreign burly men surprised Xiao&nbsp; Qiang by displaying impressive fighting&nbsp;&nbsp; skills right from the start. This made him very curious&nbsp;&nbsp; about the identities of the two people! In his mind, ordinary foreign men were strong,&nbsp;&nbsp; but more often than not, they were clumsy.&nbsp; It was extremely rare to see two men who&nbsp;&nbsp; were both muscular and exceptionally&nbsp; agile in their martial arts skills.&nbsp; Suddenly, a flash of inspiration struck? It reminded him of the foreigners at the&nbsp;&nbsp; World Military Skills Competition a few days ago. Are these two also former special forces soldiers?&nbsp; Although his mind was wandering,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's powerful punches&nbsp;&nbsp; and kicks became increasingly fierce. The two American men were increasingly&nbsp;&nbsp; alarmed as the fight progressed. "Is this guy even&nbsp; Chinese? How can he be so good at fighting? How&nbsp;&nbsp; can his punches and kicks be so powerful?" Finally, after two minutes of fighting,&nbsp;&nbsp; the two were sent flying backwards, crashing&nbsp; into Mike, who had been kicked away earlier.&nbsp; The two men were not seriously injured and quickly&nbsp; stood up, intending to attack Xiao Qiang again.&nbsp; At this moment, one of the men called&nbsp; out to his companion, "Jones, we are&nbsp;&nbsp; no match for him! We need to rethink this!" The man then glanced at the bound man from&nbsp;&nbsp; the Great Bear Kingdom and Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; gave them a warning look, and slunk away. Chapter 145 Genius Scientist Watching the three figures leave,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked thoughtful. He then went to the&nbsp;&nbsp; bound man and untied the ropes. The man thanked Xiao Qiang with immense gratitude.&nbsp; "You're from the Great Bear Kingdom? And&nbsp; who are they? Why did they kidnap you?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang revealed his doubts&nbsp; and confusion to the other party.&nbsp; At first, the man was unwilling to say much,&nbsp; and always dodged Xiao Qiang's questions.&nbsp; This infuriated Xiao Qiang. "I can save you once, but I will&nbsp;&nbsp; never save you a second time. As soon as I leave,&nbsp; they will definitely bring you back. You'd better&nbsp;&nbsp; figure it out yourself." Xiao Qiang made a move to leave. At this moment, the man hurriedly spoke up,&nbsp;&nbsp; "My name is Kulichenko, I am not from&nbsp; the United States, I am from Ukraine."&nbsp; They are from the US Federal Secret&nbsp; Service. They're here to take me to the US.&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang frowned slightly.&nbsp; This was already the second time he had dealt with&nbsp;&nbsp; people from the M Federation Special Service.&nbsp; The last time was at the Global Health Expo,&nbsp;&nbsp; and not long after, he had encountered&nbsp; these people again on Chinese soil.&nbsp; What a damn coincidence! Why did they arrest you?&nbsp; Upon hearing the question, Kulishenko hesitated,&nbsp; seemingly struggling with his own thoughts.&nbsp; "My name is Duravec Kulichenko. You can search&nbsp; my name online, and you may learn more about me."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was taken aback. He hadn't&nbsp; expected the other party to reply like that,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he wondered suspiciously, "Are you&nbsp; very famous? A celebrity from Ukraine?"&nbsp; Despite his suspicions, he immediately took&nbsp; out his phone, typed the person's name into&nbsp;&nbsp; a webpage, and soon a long list of&nbsp; reports about the person appeared.&nbsp; "Ukrainian military scientist Duravets&nbsp; Kulichenko led the development of the D-18T&nbsp;&nbsp; heavy turboshaft engine, enabling the An-222 heavy&nbsp; transport aircraft to return to the skies..."&nbsp; Kulichenko, chief scientist of Madagascar's&nbsp; top-tier aircraft engine manufacturer,&nbsp;&nbsp; beat out Boeing, Airbus, and other top Western&nbsp; manufacturers to win the International Aircraft&nbsp;&nbsp; Engine Design Gold Medal… The report on Kulishenko is&nbsp; a whopping 425 pages long.&nbsp; In his previous life, Xiao Qiang was a die-hard&nbsp; military enthusiast. Of course, he knew about&nbsp;&nbsp; Madagascar Sich, the most powerful aircraft&nbsp; engine manufacturer during the Soviet era . After&nbsp;&nbsp; the collapse of the Soviet Union, Ukraine&nbsp; inherited this incredibly powerful company.&nbsp; This aircraft engine manufacturer can produce a&nbsp; full range of engines, from civilian to military,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the D-18T heavy turboshaft engine&nbsp; mentioned in the report is an essential&nbsp;&nbsp; engine for military heavy transport aircraft. The AN-222 heavy transport aircraft, designed&nbsp;&nbsp; and produced during the Soviet era, had a maximum&nbsp; takeoff weight of 400 tons and a maximum payload&nbsp;&nbsp; of 160 tons. Even in later years, this was still&nbsp; the world's number one heavy transport aircraft.&nbsp; After the collapse of the Soviet Union,&nbsp; Ukraine inherited this only An-222, but later,&nbsp;&nbsp; due to the engine's age and lack of repair,&nbsp; this aerial Hercules was forced to break down.&nbsp; Unexpectedly, the D-18TD-18T heavy-duty turboshaft&nbsp; engine designed by this genius man has enabled&nbsp;&nbsp; this transport aircraft to return to the skies. Xiao Qiang was completely shocked after just&nbsp;&nbsp; reading two reports. What kind of genius was&nbsp; this? He was only in his early twenties and&nbsp;&nbsp; had already achieved such great success. At the same time, countless thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; surged through his mind, and the more he&nbsp; thought about them, the happier he became.&nbsp;&nbsp; He looked at Kulishenko as if he&nbsp; were looking at a naked beauty.&nbsp; This made Kurishenko very&nbsp; uneasy. "This young Chinese man&nbsp;&nbsp; probably doesn't have any unusual hobbies..." At this moment, Liu Qingyuan also noticed Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang's expression. She coughed, but Xiao Qiang&nbsp; seemed not to notice, which made Liu Qingyuan&nbsp;&nbsp; reach out and poke him. "You're drooling..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang then snapped out of his reverie, wiped&nbsp; his mouth, and said somewhat awkwardly, "I was&nbsp;&nbsp; just spacing out, craving Peking duck... Sorry..." "By the way, Mr. Kulichenko, I've read your&nbsp;&nbsp; reports, and you are indeed&nbsp; a very outstanding person."&nbsp; But why are you in China? Why were we tracked here&nbsp;&nbsp; by the M Federal Secret Service? Knowing he couldn't hide it any longer,&nbsp;&nbsp; Kulishenko told the truth: "Although Madagascar&nbsp; Sich is an internationally renowned aircraft&nbsp;&nbsp; engine manufacturer, its main customers are the&nbsp; United States and your China, which has caused&nbsp;&nbsp; great dissatisfaction in the United States." They used their long-arm jurisdiction to&nbsp;&nbsp; launch sanctions against Madagascar Sich from&nbsp; multiple angles. Now, although the company has&nbsp;&nbsp; a good reputation, it is in chaos internally. With unpaid engineer salaries and a shortage&nbsp;&nbsp; of many key raw materials, the company's&nbsp; operations have been almost paralyzed.&nbsp; Prior to this, Lockheed Martin, a well-known&nbsp; arms manufacturer in the United States,&nbsp;&nbsp; had secretly invited me to join their&nbsp; company on several occasions, but I declined.&nbsp; After being repeatedly rejected by me, they became&nbsp; enraged and, taking advantage of my trip to China,&nbsp;&nbsp; directly used the M Federation's violent apparatus&nbsp; to falsely accuse me of threatening the national&nbsp;&nbsp; security of the M country, attempting to&nbsp; detain me and return me to the M country.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang already roughly understood the reason&nbsp; for the matter; this was a classic case of the&nbsp;&nbsp; tallest tree attracting the most attention. "Then why don't you go to the United States?"&nbsp; They must be paid very well! Kulishenko scoffed, "You're right,&nbsp;&nbsp; the offer is indeed very tempting. You're offering&nbsp; me an annual salary of $8 million. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; I only earn $80,000 a year at Madagascar Sich." Actually, I've already considered it.&nbsp;&nbsp; I was planning to relax this year and&nbsp; then find an opportunity to move my&nbsp;&nbsp; whole family to the United States next year. Unexpectedly, they lost patience first and bared&nbsp;&nbsp; their sharp fangs! snort!!!&nbsp; They're dreaming if they think&nbsp; they can subdue me by force!&nbsp; I would rather die than serve the United States! At this point, Kulichenko looked indignant,&nbsp;&nbsp; clearly disgusted by Lockheed Martin's approach&nbsp; of resorting to force when persuasion failed.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang sighed, "He really is someone who&nbsp; responds better to gentleness than force!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang has already come&nbsp; up with a solution to this.&nbsp; "Hmph, those despicable American&nbsp; bastards, they've really gone too far."&nbsp; China and Ukraine are friendly neighbors. Then we're good buddies, good brothers.&nbsp; Don't worry, we Chinese believe in standing&nbsp; by our friends in times of trouble!&nbsp; Seeing that the other person didn't quite&nbsp; understand the meaning of this ancient Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; saying, Xiao Qiang continued, "It means that when&nbsp; good friends or brothers encounter difficulties,&nbsp;&nbsp; we must do everything we can to help&nbsp; them overcome the difficulties."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Kulishenko was moved to tears,&nbsp; saying, "Thank you, my good friend from China!"&nbsp; What Lukashenko didn't know was that Xiao&nbsp; Qiang had once said something similar with&nbsp;&nbsp; another "good friend and brother,"&nbsp; Asma's chief scientist, Danielson.&nbsp; "It's alright, let's go, my good friend,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's enjoy the beautiful scenery&nbsp; of the Great Wall together!" Chapter 146 Kulichenko Being Hunted&nbsp; For the next two hours, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; acted like a professional tour guide,&nbsp;&nbsp; leading Kurishenko on a tour. This made Liu Qingyuan a little jealous!&nbsp; He even began to suspect that Xiao Qiang might&nbsp; have some special hobby, otherwise why would&nbsp;&nbsp; he be so attentive to a foreign man he&nbsp; had only met for less than half a day?&nbsp; Seeing Liu Qingyuan's resentful look, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang quickly said to her in Chinese, "Qingyuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; we must entertain this Kulishenko well today.&nbsp; He is the key to my future career development!"&nbsp; As expected of Liu Qingyuan, who ranked second&nbsp; in the national college entrance examination,&nbsp;&nbsp; her intelligence was beyond&nbsp; doubt. Through their conversation,&nbsp;&nbsp; she immediately deduced that Xiao Qiang had&nbsp; taken a liking to the other party's talent.&nbsp; After that, she stopped complaining and&nbsp; even took on the role of a second tour&nbsp;&nbsp; guide. Kulishenko was flattered to have such&nbsp; a generous and beautiful woman as his guide.&nbsp; After finishing his tour of the Great Wall,&nbsp; Kulishenko said goodbye to Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Dear Xiao, beautiful Ms. Liu, thank you both&nbsp; very much for your rescue and kind explanation,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I need to go to the next scenic spot." How could Xiao Qiang let him leave so easily?&nbsp;&nbsp; He quickly said, "My good brother, those&nbsp; three M Federation special agents are&nbsp;&nbsp; very likely nearby. You were lucky to run&nbsp; into me this time. I don't think you'll&nbsp;&nbsp; be so lucky next time they capture you." Sure enough, as soon as Xiao Qiang finished&nbsp;&nbsp; speaking, Kulishenko, who was about to&nbsp; leave, paused, as if he had foreseen&nbsp;&nbsp; something bad. He grinned at Xiao Qiang&nbsp; and said, "Mr. Xiao is absolutely right,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I can't follow you around forever..." Xiao Qiang's intelligent eyes seemed&nbsp;&nbsp; to be straining to find a solution. But in the end, he showed a disappointed&nbsp;&nbsp; expression, "I couldn't think of any good&nbsp; solutions either. Anyway, you can stay at&nbsp;&nbsp; my house for now. I have plenty of rooms..." At this moment, Kurishenko seemed unaware&nbsp;&nbsp; of the concept of "many houses"&nbsp; that Xiao Qiang was referring to.&nbsp; After visiting the Great Wall, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang first drove Liu Qingyuan back&nbsp;&nbsp; to Yanda University. "Qingyuan, I'll go settle&nbsp; this Kurishenko first. I must do everything I&nbsp;&nbsp; can to make this genius work for me." Seeing Xiao Qiang's eager expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan nodded slightly, "Go ahead&nbsp; and do your thing, I'll head back now."&nbsp; Then Xiao Qiang led Kurishenko&nbsp; to the Summer Palace Villa.&nbsp; "Wow! My dear Xiao, you actually have&nbsp; a villa in Yanjing? That's so cool!"&nbsp; "Brother Shenke, come on, why don't&nbsp; you pick one? Which one do you like?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang pointed to the dozen or so&nbsp; villas that were still vacant and said.&nbsp; Curryshenko was bewildered.&nbsp; "Just pick whichever you like?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded. "Yes. All&nbsp; the villas here are mine!"&nbsp; "Oh my god!" Kulishenko didn't stand on ceremony.&nbsp;&nbsp; Since he was only staying temporarily for a few&nbsp; days, he chose a smaller house to move into.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang asked Li Muyao to arrange for a&nbsp; beautiful assistant who was fluent in foreign&nbsp;&nbsp; languages to take care of Kurishenko's daily life. In the following days, Xiao Qiang spent his free&nbsp;&nbsp; time training the garrison regiment and&nbsp; chatting with Kurishenko at the Yihe Villa.&nbsp; These past few days, Kurishenko has been&nbsp; having a great time and doesn't want to leave!&nbsp; His beautiful Chinese assistant took&nbsp; care of him like a nanny, so he never&nbsp;&nbsp; had to worry about being lonely or cold! A five-star chef prepares three meals a day,&nbsp;&nbsp; each consisting of five dishes&nbsp; and a soup, with no repetition.&nbsp; This made Kurishenko, who used to only&nbsp; know how to eat fried steak, grilled steak,&nbsp;&nbsp; and sashimi, feel like he had wasted his life. After dinner, there was a massage parlor in&nbsp;&nbsp; the neighborhood with young ladies in&nbsp; Chinese, Thai, and Japanese styles,&nbsp;&nbsp; which he found very enjoyable. It even has a gym, swimming pool,&nbsp;&nbsp; and e-sports room, so you don't have&nbsp; to worry about being bored all day.&nbsp; A few days later! "Brother Shenke,&nbsp;&nbsp; what was your next travel destination? The&nbsp; weather in China is getting colder and colder.&nbsp;&nbsp; Why don't you take advantage of the time to travel&nbsp; and experience the beautiful landscapes of China?"&nbsp; Upon hearing Xiao Qiang's words, Kulishenko felt&nbsp; a pang of disappointment. "Oh? Going on vacation?!&nbsp;&nbsp; Actually, it's not that urgent..." Kulishenko's mind was racing,&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to come up with a solution. "But what if the US Federal Secret&nbsp;&nbsp; Service arrests me again as soon as&nbsp; I step outside this neighborhood?"&nbsp; Chinese friends are loyal and righteous; you&nbsp; can't just abandon your friend to their fate!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked troubled. "Of course&nbsp; I won't abandon you, but several days&nbsp;&nbsp; have passed. Those people from the Special&nbsp; Operations Bureau might have already left."&nbsp; Why don't you go on your trip?&nbsp; China is still very safe.&nbsp; If all else fails, contact me&nbsp; immediately if you encounter&nbsp;&nbsp; Secret Service agents. I guarantee your safety. But at this moment, Kurishenko was thinking,&nbsp;&nbsp; no matter how safe it is outside, it's&nbsp; not as safe as here. In the past few days,&nbsp;&nbsp; he has discovered that everyone in the community&nbsp; is a subordinate of Xiao Qiang's company,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the security guards at the&nbsp; community gate are not ordinary&nbsp;&nbsp; security guards, but armed security personnel. In such an environment, no matter how capable&nbsp;&nbsp; the Secret Service agents are, they can't get in. Xiao Qiang had completely cornered Kurishenko,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Kurishenko was too embarrassed to&nbsp; continue making excuses to stay there.&nbsp; Therefore, he said with extreme&nbsp; frustration, "Okay, dear Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you'd better keep an eye on my phone." "Don't worry, there's no problem!"&nbsp; "A friend in need is a friend indeed!" Curryshenko was extremely reluctant to&nbsp;&nbsp; be seen off by Xiao Qiang to the entrance of&nbsp; the Summer Palace Villa. "Brother Curryshenko,&nbsp;&nbsp; I won't see you off any further. If you encounter&nbsp; any difficulties in China, just come to me!"&nbsp; At this moment, Kurishenko looked as&nbsp; aggrieved as a child abandoned by his parents,&nbsp;&nbsp; glancing at Xiao Qiang and then at the beautiful&nbsp; assistant who had been with him for several days.&nbsp; Then, looking dejected, he turned around and&nbsp; walked outside. After taking only ten steps,&nbsp;&nbsp; he reluctantly turned back, but&nbsp; there was no one left at the door.&nbsp; Just 500 meters after Kulichenko walked out,&nbsp; two cars suddenly stopped by the roadside,&nbsp;&nbsp; and seven or eight fierce-looking foreigners&nbsp; jumped out of them. Most importantly, each of&nbsp;&nbsp; them was holding a gleaming dagger. Upon seeing this situation,&nbsp;&nbsp; Kulichenko immediately thought of the M&nbsp; Federal Secret Service a few days ago.&nbsp; His hair instantly stood on end, and he yelled,&nbsp; "Holy crap, Xiao, you still say China is safe...!"&nbsp; Despite shouting, he threw down his luggage&nbsp; and sprinted towards the Summer Palace Villa.&nbsp; Seven or eight fierce-looking foreigners&nbsp; chased after them, shouting as they went.&nbsp; "Kurishchenko, since you're unwilling to serve&nbsp; the United States, then you should just die."&nbsp; Our special operations team has already entered&nbsp; Ukraine. I don't believe you won't return to&nbsp;&nbsp; Ukraine. As soon as you land, we will arrest you&nbsp; immediately, and the Ukrainian government won't&nbsp;&nbsp; be able to save you! Ha ha!&nbsp; If you're so capable, then stay in China for the&nbsp; rest of your life and never go anywhere else!&nbsp; "Grab him and stab him to death!" As Kurishenko ran, he listened, and the more&nbsp;&nbsp; he listened, the more alarmed he became! "I'm doomed! I went on a&nbsp;&nbsp; trip and ended up homeless!" His strong will to survive unleashed&nbsp;&nbsp; astonishing energy, and the pursuers behind him&nbsp; could not catch up with Kulichenko no matter what. Chapter 147 Yuan Keming's Secret Room When Kurishenko reached the entrance of&nbsp;&nbsp; Yiheyuan Villa, he didn't bother to ask the&nbsp; security guard to open the gate. He spotted&nbsp;&nbsp; the gap under the card reader, fell to&nbsp; the ground, and used the momentum to&nbsp;&nbsp; squeeze into the community through the gap. At that moment, he felt completely safe and&nbsp;&nbsp; didn't care about the scrapes on his palms. At that moment, he turned his head and saw&nbsp;&nbsp; that five guards had already drawn&nbsp; their guns and were pointing them&nbsp;&nbsp; at the people chasing after them not far away. Enraged that Kuryshenko had escaped once again,&nbsp;&nbsp; the group shouted, "Kurishenko,&nbsp; if you're so capable, stay inside&nbsp;&nbsp; forever and never come back to Uzbekistan!" After saying that, he turned and left angrily.&nbsp; After catching his breath, Kurishenko&nbsp; started running into the neighborhood.&nbsp; One minute later. "Xiao... my dear Xiao... wait... wait for me..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and his beautiful assistant turned&nbsp; around simultaneously. Xiao Qiang asked, puzzled,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Brother Shen Ke, why are you back again?" Kulichenko took a couple of deep breaths and&nbsp;&nbsp; said with lingering fear, "It's all your&nbsp; fault. I hadn't gone far when I ran into&nbsp;&nbsp; the M Federation Special Service. They were all&nbsp; carrying knives. They were trying to kill me!"&nbsp; Dear Xiao, they have even planted people&nbsp; in Ukraine. As soon as I return, they will&nbsp;&nbsp; arrest me. They also said that even the Ukrainian&nbsp; government would not dare to interfere with their&nbsp;&nbsp; special operations! What should I do?&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked thoughtful. "If that's really&nbsp; what they said, then it's very dangerous. It&nbsp;&nbsp; seems the M Federation Special Operations Bureau&nbsp; is determined to bring you to the M country!"&nbsp; Brother Shenke, it's fine for you to stay here,&nbsp; but your passport is a tourist passport and&nbsp;&nbsp; it will expire soon, at which point you'll be&nbsp; deported from mainland China... and long-term&nbsp;&nbsp; passports are very difficult to obtain..." Upon hearing this, Kulishenko immediately frowned,&nbsp;&nbsp; his expression one of extreme frustration. At this moment, Chen Ziyan, the beautiful&nbsp;&nbsp; assistant next to him, suddenly interjected,&nbsp; "President Xiao, if Kurishenko joins our company&nbsp;&nbsp; and signs a long-term labor contract, our company&nbsp; can apply to the State Administration of Foreign&nbsp;&nbsp; Exchange for a labor immigration visa!" "Oh? There's such a rule?"&nbsp; "No problem, Mr. Xiao! This policy was just&nbsp; released in the first half of the year!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked troubled. "Brother Shen&nbsp; Ke, are you willing to stay in China and&nbsp;&nbsp; work for our company long-term?" Without the slightest hesitation,&nbsp;&nbsp; Kulishenko nodded repeatedly, "Xiao, I'm willing.&nbsp; I can do other things, how about I work for you?"&nbsp; After thinking for a moment, as if he&nbsp; had made up his mind, Xiao Qiang said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Alright! Let's do it this way." Brother Shenke, then you can&nbsp;&nbsp; stay here with me without worry. "Hey Ziyan, from now on, you'll continue&nbsp;&nbsp; to take care of the Krushchenko brothers'&nbsp; daily lives. Make sure they feel at home,&nbsp;&nbsp; since they're far away in a foreign&nbsp; country and might not be used to it."&nbsp; Chen Ziyan suppressed a smile and nodded solemnly! After the two had walked away, Xiao Qiang's phone&nbsp;&nbsp; rang. It was Su Rui calling. "Mr. Xiao, that guy Kurishenko&nbsp;&nbsp; must have been terrified just now;&nbsp; he left his luggage on the road!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said with a smile, "That's the effect&nbsp; I want. If I don't scare him enough, how can he be&nbsp;&nbsp; willing to stay in China for a long time?" "Brother Rui, come back. I need to&nbsp;&nbsp; talk to you about something." Su Rui had actually returned to&nbsp;&nbsp; Yanjing from Mianbei three days earlier.&nbsp; Since his subordinates had recruited a&nbsp;&nbsp; group of foreign security personnel, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; devised this deceptive plan against Kulishenko.&nbsp; Back in Mianbei, with the assistance&nbsp; of dozens of special forces comrades,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Rui had trained the integrated Allied Army&nbsp; and Red Turban Army into an undisciplined force,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he suppressed any dissent with an iron fist. The original army of 25,000 people was reduced&nbsp;&nbsp; to about 20,000 after the old, weak and disabled&nbsp; were eliminated. Now, Su Rui's 65 special forces&nbsp;&nbsp; comrades lead the training of the troops. Inside Villa No. 6 where Xiao Qiang is!&nbsp; "Brother Rui, I haven't had a chance to have&nbsp; a proper chat with you since you came back."&nbsp; By the way, how's things going in Mianbei? Su Rui looked excited. "At first, there were&nbsp;&nbsp; some small leaders with ulterior motives who&nbsp; wanted to cause trouble, but it doesn't matter.&nbsp;&nbsp; I have already eliminated them in their infancy." After the reorganization and elimination process,&nbsp;&nbsp; the remaining 20,000 men are all young and strong.&nbsp; I'm now having my 65 special forces comrades train&nbsp;&nbsp; them in special operations. I believe it&nbsp; won't be long before they're combat-ready.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded in satisfaction. "We&nbsp; can purchase some weapons and equipment&nbsp;&nbsp; through special channels. After all, in&nbsp; modern warfare, hardware equipment plays&nbsp;&nbsp; a decisive role in the outcome of the war." If you don't have enough money, just tell me,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'll have the group allocate some for you. Su Rui immediately shook his head, "Since we&nbsp;&nbsp; took over the Allied Army and the Red Turban&nbsp; Army, we have conducted multiple searches&nbsp;&nbsp; of the two warlords' garrisons, and we have&nbsp; found a total of $3.5 billion worth of gold."&nbsp; $200 million in cash. A total of 125 tons of&nbsp;&nbsp; various jadeite rough stones were found, along&nbsp; with 5 high-quality jadeite mines. Currently,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are still 3,500 tons of jadeite to be&nbsp; developed, and it is estimated that mining&nbsp;&nbsp; can continue for another 30 years. The estimated total value is&nbsp;&nbsp; between $5 billion and $8 billion. overjoyed. This was an unexpected windfall! With&nbsp; this money, he could more than realize his dream&nbsp;&nbsp; of building a strong army of 20,000 men. At this moment, Su Rui said mysteriously,&nbsp;&nbsp; "President Xiao, I received information last night&nbsp; that a secret room was discovered while we were&nbsp;&nbsp; renovating Yuan Keming's office at the Allied&nbsp; Forces' base. Guess what was found inside?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's left eyelid twitched&nbsp; suddenly. "What is that?"&nbsp; He knew that since Su Rui was deliberately&nbsp; making it sound so mysterious, the thing&nbsp;&nbsp; must be something extraordinary. "Mr. Xiao, you must have heard&nbsp;&nbsp; of the twelve bronze animal heads&nbsp; from the Old Summer Palace, right?"&nbsp; "Do you know which&nbsp;&nbsp; animal heads are still missing as of now?" Xiao Qiang was very clear about this news.&nbsp;&nbsp; In later generations, the seven animal heads&nbsp; returned to the motherland either through&nbsp;&nbsp; auction or donation, while the dragon&nbsp; head was in a museum across the strait,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the whereabouts of the remaining snake,&nbsp; rooster, rabbit, and sheep heads remained unknown.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded and said,&nbsp; "Snake, sheep, chicken, rabbit!"&nbsp; Su Rui was very impressed. He had&nbsp; just looked up all this information,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he didn't expect Xiao Qiang to be able to do&nbsp; it so easily. "Mr. Xiao is right, the whereabouts&nbsp;&nbsp; of these four beast heads are unknown." Xiao Qiang seemed to have realized&nbsp;&nbsp; something and exclaimed, "Could there be&nbsp; something hidden in the secret room...?"&nbsp; Su Rui nodded excitedly, "That's&nbsp; right, it's these four beast heads."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was completely excited and&nbsp; immediately started dancing around like a child.&nbsp; Ten minutes later, Xiao Qiang sat down and&nbsp; drank several glasses of wine to calm his&nbsp;&nbsp; nerves. "Make arrangements over there,&nbsp; have them send it back immediately..."&nbsp; "I've already made arrangements. The vehicles&nbsp; responsible for escorting the goods will arrive&nbsp;&nbsp; in Yanjing tomorrow afternoon." "Brother Rui, you're reliable!"&nbsp; After the initial excitement, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; wondered how the four beast heads had ended&nbsp;&nbsp; up in Mianbei and in Yuan Keming's hands. The twelve bronze animal heads were looted&nbsp;&nbsp; by a multinational coalition and taken to the&nbsp; West. Most of the returned animal heads came&nbsp;&nbsp; from Western collectors. But those four statues&nbsp;&nbsp; appeared in Cotton Field, how strange… If I can't figure it out, I'll just stop&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking about it! Let's leave this mystery&nbsp; to the experts in cultural relics to solve! Chapter 148 The Beast Heads of the Yuanmingyuan The following afternoon, the professional escort&nbsp;&nbsp; vehicle carrying the four bronze animal&nbsp; heads finally stopped at the entrance of&nbsp;&nbsp; the Summer Palace Villa. Xiao Qiang and Su Rui looked at the four&nbsp; antique wooden boxes with excitement.&nbsp; They carefully opened the four wooden&nbsp; boxes, revealing the animal heads that&nbsp;&nbsp; exuded a sense of age and historical weight. Xiao Qiang seemed to feel a heavy aura rushing&nbsp;&nbsp; towards him, and the scene of the twelve beast&nbsp; heads spouting water more than a hundred years&nbsp;&nbsp; ago and the scene of the multinational&nbsp; coalition invading China seemed to be&nbsp;&nbsp; really happening before his eyes. This left Xiao Qiang stunned,&nbsp;&nbsp; speechless for a long time. "Hey? Mr. Xiao, do you see a&nbsp;&nbsp; wooden plank under this snake's head?" Xiao Qiang snapped out of his daze and&nbsp;&nbsp; looked closely. Sure enough, the wooden board&nbsp; was about the same size as the base of the wooden&nbsp;&nbsp; box. If you didn't look closely, you would think&nbsp; that the wooden board was the base of the box!&nbsp; "Brother Rui, come here and&nbsp; help me get the snake head out!"&nbsp; Su Rui immediately stepped forward and carefully&nbsp; held the snake's head in her arms, as if she&nbsp;&nbsp; were holding and protecting her own child. Xiao Qiang took out the wooden board from&nbsp;&nbsp; the bottom of the box, which was&nbsp; the same color as the wooden base.&nbsp; "There are words!" The back of the wooden&nbsp;&nbsp; board was originally the color of the wood,&nbsp; and it was covered with dense English writing.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang immediately began&nbsp; to concentrate on studying!&nbsp; Five minutes later, a broad smile appeared&nbsp; on Xiao Qiang's face. "Haha, I understand!"&nbsp; Suri was so anxious he was scratching his head. He&nbsp; didn't understand English and couldn't read what&nbsp;&nbsp; was written on it. He asked urgently, "Mr. Xiao, what does it say on it?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stopped laughing, but he&nbsp; couldn't hide the excitement on his face.&nbsp; "This wooden board was written more than a hundred&nbsp; years ago by an English colonel named Maxwell,&nbsp;&nbsp; who participated in the war of aggression,&nbsp; and this snake head was a trophy he seized."&nbsp; However, after the war of aggression, he and&nbsp; three other officers were sent to the British&nbsp;&nbsp; South Asia Konbaung Dynasty, which is now the&nbsp; border between China and Papua New Guinea,&nbsp;&nbsp; as well as parts of Papua New Guinea's territory.&nbsp; These four treasures ended&nbsp; up in Miandian at that time.&nbsp; As for whether it was ultimately acquired&nbsp; by Yuan Keming, that remains unclear.&nbsp; However, it is highly likely that Yuan&nbsp; Keming looted it from the common people.&nbsp; Su Rui nodded, agreeing with the analysis. "Mr. Xiao, what are your plans for dealing&nbsp;&nbsp; with these four national treasures?" Xiao Qiang chuckled, "If we look at&nbsp;&nbsp; it from an economic value perspective&nbsp; alone, these four treasures should be&nbsp;&nbsp; worth one or two hundred million." But it is a national treasure of&nbsp;&nbsp; our Chinese nation, belonging to all the Chinese&nbsp; people, and I intend to donate it to the country.&nbsp; Su Rui nodded emphatically, and at&nbsp; the same time, he gained a deeper&nbsp;&nbsp; understanding of Xiao Qiang's character. He immediately dialed the phone number&nbsp;&nbsp; of Liu Wei, the chief's secretary. At this moment, Liu Wei was busy as&nbsp;&nbsp; usual when he heard his phone ring. When he saw it&nbsp; was Xiao Qiang, he immediately put down his work.&nbsp; As the chief's chief secretary, the chief had&nbsp; praised Xiao Qiang to him more than once and&nbsp;&nbsp; repeatedly instructed him to provide as much&nbsp; support as possible for Xiao Qiang's career,&nbsp;&nbsp; provided it did not violate any regulations. Not only that, he is now a loyal supporter&nbsp;&nbsp; of Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall. He&nbsp; himself loves Shenyang Kangtai Pills. Moreover,&nbsp;&nbsp; his father originally had late-stage lung&nbsp; cancer, but he was able to survive thanks&nbsp;&nbsp; to Kangtai Rui launched by Huaxia&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall.&nbsp; Therefore, he was extremely grateful&nbsp; to Xiao Qiang from the inside out.&nbsp; "Hey! Brother Xiaoqiang,&nbsp; what's up with calling me?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was speechless. "You're the same age&nbsp; as my dad, and you call me brother? How does that&nbsp;&nbsp; relate to seniority?" But he didn't dwell on it. "Brother Liu, there really is something... Do&nbsp;&nbsp; you know the phone number of the&nbsp; director of the National Museum?"&nbsp; Liu Wei was taken aback. He thought Xiao Qiang&nbsp; was going to tell him something related to&nbsp;&nbsp; Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall, but&nbsp; he didn't expect him to ask for a phone number.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, are you planning&nbsp; to expand into archaeology?"&nbsp; "Haha, Brother Liu, you flatter me. I&nbsp; don't have that kind of ability. Recently,&nbsp;&nbsp; I found the Yuanmingyuan animal heads that had&nbsp; been lost for many years by chance. I was thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; of donating them to the National Museum." The leader is such a high-ranking official,&nbsp;&nbsp; with countless affairs to attend&nbsp; to every day. I thought it best&nbsp;&nbsp; not to bother him with such a small matter. "Isn't this why I've come to bother Brother Liu?"&nbsp; "What? You found the bronze animal&nbsp; heads from the Old Summer Palace?"&nbsp; Liu Wei shouted excitedly. Who said finding the&nbsp;&nbsp; animal heads is a trivial matter? The leader is always concerned about&nbsp;&nbsp; those Chinese treasures lost overseas,&nbsp; and is doing his best to use all means,&nbsp;&nbsp; including national diplomacy and economic&nbsp; auctions, to recover these cultural relics&nbsp;&nbsp; that were lost overseas due to historical reasons. Xiao Qiang never expected that finding national&nbsp;&nbsp; cultural relics lost to the country could&nbsp; move this chief secretary so deeply.&nbsp; "Then hurry up and bring the&nbsp; animal heads to the commander.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll immediately notify the National Museum and&nbsp; have them send experts over. If they are genuine,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you've done another great service!" Liu Wei immediately reported the information&nbsp;&nbsp; to his superior after hanging up the phone. Sure&nbsp; enough, the superior was also very happy and&nbsp;&nbsp; full of anticipation for Xiao Qiang's arrival. An hour later, Xiao Qiang drove Su Rui to the&nbsp;&nbsp; antique-style courtyard where the leader was. Liu Wei also helped carry the four&nbsp;&nbsp; wooden boxes onto the leader's desk. "Xiaoqiang, I heard you say you got a beast head,&nbsp;&nbsp; but how come you brought four boxes? Are the&nbsp; other three boxes also national treasures?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang glanced at Liu Wei and laughed&nbsp; heartily, "Haha, Secretary Liu, I didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; say it was an animal head on the phone!" Instead, there are four animal heads!&nbsp; The leader and his secretary&nbsp; were both taken aback, and the&nbsp;&nbsp; leader clapped and cheered with delight. "Liu Wei, why haven't the experts from&nbsp;&nbsp; the National Museum arrived yet?" "Sir, let me urge them again!"&nbsp; Five minutes later,&nbsp;&nbsp; five middle-aged men entered the leader's office.&nbsp; One of them, Xiao Qiang recognized, was Liang&nbsp;&nbsp; Youde, the president of the China Ancient&nbsp; Cultural Relics Collection Association, whom&nbsp;&nbsp; he had met when he auctioned the Dharani Sutra. Both recognized each other, but since they were&nbsp;&nbsp; in the leader's office, it wasn't convenient for&nbsp; them to chat casually or ask each other questions.&nbsp; After the five men greeted the leader one by&nbsp; one, Liu Wei led them to the animal heads.&nbsp; "Director Chen, these are the animal heads, but&nbsp; not one, but four. Please examine them to see if&nbsp;&nbsp; they are part of the twelve animal heads that were&nbsp; placed in the Yuanmingyuan a hundred years ago."&nbsp; A middle-aged man with a receding hairline also&nbsp; changed his expression. There were actually&nbsp;&nbsp; four of them. If they were all genuine... "Okay, Secretary Liu, give us some time,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's take a look together." The curator, surnamed Chen, immediately called&nbsp;&nbsp; to the other four people, and they carefully&nbsp; began to place the four animal heads out.&nbsp; The leader was also staring&nbsp; intently at these treasures.&nbsp; Five professional appraisal experts first put on&nbsp; gloves, held the animal head in their hands to&nbsp;&nbsp; feel its weight, and nodded, "The weight is fine!" Then, armed with professional tools,&nbsp;&nbsp; they fiddled around and examined the items...&nbsp; then fiddled around and examined them again,&nbsp;&nbsp; occasionally gathering together&nbsp; to discuss them in hushed tones...&nbsp; Half an hour later, the five carefully placed&nbsp; the four beast heads back into the wooden box. Chapter 149 Entering the Aero Engine Industry The curator of the Huaxia Museum, surnamed Chen,&nbsp;&nbsp; stepped forward, his excitement evident. "Sir, no problem. These four animal heads&nbsp;&nbsp; are the twelve animal heads from the Yuanmingyuan&nbsp; that were lost more than a hundred years ago."&nbsp; It is the most precious&nbsp; treasure of our Chinese nation!&nbsp; The leader was very relieved,&nbsp; and also a little excited.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, you always bring me&nbsp; surprises every time you show up here!"&nbsp; You really are my lucky charm! Xiaoqiang, I heard from Secretary&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu that you wanted to donate these&nbsp; animal heads to the National Museum!&nbsp; After hearing this, Xiao Qiang smiled&nbsp; faintly. A few days ago, the military&nbsp;&nbsp; leader had said something similar to him. "Yes, sir. It was originally a treasure left&nbsp;&nbsp; to all Chinese people by our ancestors, but&nbsp; it was robbed by those bandits along the way.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now it has been returned to its rightful owner." Moreover, placing it in the National Museum allows&nbsp;&nbsp; more Chinese people to see it, which helps to&nbsp; enhance national cohesion and cultural confidence.&nbsp; In contrast, in my case, only a few&nbsp; people would see it, and the only value&nbsp;&nbsp; they could realize would be commercial. Whether it was the leader or anyone else,&nbsp;&nbsp; they were all shocked by Xiao Qiang's words. It&nbsp; was astonishing that a young man who had just&nbsp;&nbsp; come of age possessed such profound thoughts. Liang Youde was even more surprised. Just a&nbsp;&nbsp; few months ago, Xiao Qiang was a high school&nbsp; student who had not yet enrolled in school. The&nbsp;&nbsp; next time they met was in the leader's office. This was his first time visiting this place.&nbsp; However, judging from the leader's previous&nbsp; words, the leader seemed to be quite familiar&nbsp;&nbsp; with Xiao Qiang, obviously having known&nbsp; each other for a long time. And now Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang actually obtained four beast heads and&nbsp; wanted to donate them all to the country.&nbsp; All these surprises and unexpected events&nbsp; made Liang Youde determined to improve&nbsp;&nbsp; his relationship with Xiao Qiang. "Director Chen, you heard it too,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the awareness of a fine son of China!" These four animal heads will be entrusted to your&nbsp;&nbsp; museum for preservation and maintenance, so that&nbsp; every Chinese person will have the opportunity to&nbsp;&nbsp; see these treasures left by our ancestors. Director Chen nodded in agreement.&nbsp; "Alright, you guys take the animal&nbsp; heads back to the museum first. Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang and I have some things to discuss." The leader gave them a direct order to leave,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they couldn't refuse. After packing up&nbsp; the treasures, they left the leader's office.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, I heard from Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu that you haven't been looking for him lately?" Xiao Qiang nodded. "Chief, the Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Hall isn't very large, and the&nbsp; problems it's encountered aren't serious enough&nbsp;&nbsp; to require Secretary Liu's intervention.&nbsp; They're all within our own capabilities."&nbsp; However, sir, I have another&nbsp; matter that I need your advice on.&nbsp; After all, you are more knowledgeable&nbsp; and have a broader perspective.&nbsp; The leader laughed and said, "Alright, stop&nbsp; flattering me. I'm just an ordinary person;&nbsp;&nbsp; I might live a few more decades." I didn't have your skills when I was 18!&nbsp; "Speak up, what's wrong? Little Liu's&nbsp; here too, let's hear it together!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang put away his previous&nbsp; unruly demeanor and said seriously,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Chief, I plan to invest the money I earned from&nbsp; foreigners in research on high-tech fields where&nbsp;&nbsp; our country is currently being held back!" Xiao Qiang's words immediately piqued the&nbsp;&nbsp; leader's interest. "Oh? Tell me more!" Seeing the commander's keen interest,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang continued, "Commander, the&nbsp; biggest challenge facing China in the&nbsp;&nbsp; development of both domestically produced large&nbsp; aircraft and military aircraft is the engine."&nbsp; The commander nodded in agreement, "Yes, you're&nbsp; right. The engine is the heart of an aircraft,&nbsp;&nbsp; and for so many years we've been held back by&nbsp; foreign countries. It's really frustrating!"&nbsp; When he got emotional, the leader even slammed his&nbsp; fist on the table several times in frustration.&nbsp; "Sir, China's economy is in a stage&nbsp; of rapid development, but money is&nbsp;&nbsp; needed everywhere for national construction." The investment in research and development might&nbsp;&nbsp; be insufficient if allocated to a particular area. Therefore, I also want to contribute&nbsp;&nbsp; to the progress of our country. The commander asked in confusion,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Do you intend to develop aircraft engines?!" Xiao Qiang nodded seriously,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Huaxia TCM Clinic can continuously earn&nbsp; a lot of foreign exchange from abroad,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we don't have that many expenses. We can use&nbsp; this money for special research and development!"&nbsp; Upon hearing this, the leader&nbsp; frowned slightly. "Xiaoqiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; the development of aero engines is a massive&nbsp; project, and the investment is astronomical."&nbsp; Even with the combined strength of&nbsp; the entire nation, China has made&nbsp;&nbsp; very limited progress. For a single company&nbsp; like yours, it must be extremely difficult.&nbsp; "A single misstep could bankrupt your&nbsp; Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Clinic!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was deeply moved. He could&nbsp; tell that his superior was putting&nbsp;&nbsp; himself in his shoes and thinking of him. But Xiao Qiang is now extremely confident.&nbsp;&nbsp; With the genius scientist Kulishenko around, his&nbsp; career can be said to be half successful. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; this powerful weapon, Kulishenko, must not&nbsp; be revealed to anyone, not even the leaders.&nbsp; What if the chief gets the wrong&nbsp; idea and starts robbing people?&nbsp; "Sir, you are right, there is such a risk." But isn't that what starting a business is&nbsp;&nbsp; all about? Risks? Rewards? Once I achieve some success,&nbsp;&nbsp; I believe the country will not&nbsp; let me down, nor will the market!&nbsp; Moreover, from a purely commercial&nbsp; investment perspective, once the&nbsp;&nbsp; research and development is successful, the&nbsp; return on investment will also be astronomical.&nbsp; The leader was once again impressed by Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's optimistic attitude, thinking to himself,&nbsp;&nbsp; "No wonder he has achieved such great&nbsp; success in his career at such a young age."&nbsp; It truly proves the saying,&nbsp; "Man proposes, God disposes!"&nbsp; With strong determination, you've&nbsp; already won half the battle!&nbsp; "Okay, I'm growing to like you more and&nbsp; more, young man. You're bold and decisive."&nbsp; Since you're determined to do it, I won't&nbsp; say anything that might discourage you.&nbsp; Xiaoqiang, tell me, how can we help you? After a moment's thought, Xiao Qiang said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Sir, I know that the aero engines in China&nbsp; are currently being developed by state-owned&nbsp;&nbsp; enterprises and central enterprises. I'd like to&nbsp; ask if there are any related companies that are&nbsp;&nbsp; struggling to survive and whose operations are&nbsp; not sustainable, and I'd like to acquire them."&nbsp; In this way, I have ready-made factory buildings&nbsp; and equipment. As for the personnel, those who&nbsp;&nbsp; can be used will continue to be used, and those&nbsp; who are not qualified will be laid off with a&nbsp;&nbsp; one-time buyout of their years of service. We will invest heavily in upgrading&nbsp;&nbsp; equipment and attracting talent. All we need to do is make things easier&nbsp;&nbsp; for us in terms of talent immigration. the leader did not say anything immediately,&nbsp; but seemed to be thinking about something,&nbsp;&nbsp; with hesitation and struggle on his face. Xiao Qiang also knew that transferring&nbsp;&nbsp; state-owned assets was not as easy as just saying&nbsp; a few words; it would face a lot of resistance.&nbsp; A moment later, the leader&nbsp; looked up and said, "The talent&nbsp;&nbsp; immigration is no problem; I can agree to it." But regarding your acquisition of the company,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll handle the communication and&nbsp; finalization. Wait for my news.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang readily agreed. If he hadn't&nbsp; wanted to save time, he could have built&nbsp;&nbsp; a brand new factory, purchased the latest&nbsp; R&D equipment, and rehired R&D personnel.&nbsp; But this trip will probably&nbsp; take at least half a year!&nbsp; After discussing these matters with the leader,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang hurriedly returned to Yihe Villa.&nbsp; Because he has something very important to do. That's PUA Kurushenko. Chapter 150 You still don't understand me! Kulishenko is living a very comfortable life&nbsp;&nbsp; now. Before, when he was at Madagascar Sich,&nbsp; although he had the title of a top scientist,&nbsp;&nbsp; the company's overall performance was really poor. To put it bluntly, it means having a good product&nbsp;&nbsp; but being unable to generate good returns. Furthermore, the current management&nbsp;&nbsp; of Madagascar Sich does not value&nbsp; engineering culture at all, and top&nbsp;&nbsp; engineers are only paid relatively low salaries. Despite Kulichenko's annual salary of $80,000,&nbsp;&nbsp; equivalent to 640,000 RMB, given the high cost&nbsp; of living in Uzbekistan, such an income barely&nbsp;&nbsp; allows him to live a comfortable life. But in Kulishenko's view, the life&nbsp;&nbsp; he's been living these days is simply too&nbsp; extravagant and corrupt, yet he loves it!&nbsp; Just then, the doorbell rang. Kulishenko&nbsp; put down the king crab on his plate,&nbsp;&nbsp; put on a silk robe, and came to open&nbsp; the door with a glass of red wine.&nbsp; After Xiao Qiang entered and sat down,&nbsp; he looked at the corrupted Kurushenko,&nbsp;&nbsp; crossed his legs, and said with a grin, "Brother&nbsp; Shenko, how's this place? Is it alright?"&nbsp; Kulishenko didn't hide anything, saying,&nbsp; "It's amazing, it's like paradise on earth."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang laughed even harder, "Brother&nbsp; Shen Ke, I remember you once said that the&nbsp;&nbsp; current manager of your Madagascar&nbsp; Sich company is a big embezzler?"&nbsp; Did you pocket all the benefits originally&nbsp; intended for engineers? This led to many engineers&nbsp;&nbsp; leaving the company out of dissatisfaction? Kulishenko took a sip of Lafite red wine.&nbsp;&nbsp; "You're right. That guy is a complete&nbsp; parasite. He not only embezzled engineers'&nbsp;&nbsp; salaries and benefits, but also forced a&nbsp; group of engineers to leave the company."&nbsp; They even secretly sold the company's newly&nbsp; purchased manufacturing equipment on the&nbsp;&nbsp; black market, and if investigated,&nbsp; claimed it was due to improper use&nbsp;&nbsp; or that the equipment was to be scrapped. Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang cursed inwardly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "With such scum in management, even if&nbsp; you produce the most amazing products,&nbsp;&nbsp; you still can't escape bankruptcy." "Then why are you still staying at&nbsp;&nbsp; the company and haven't resigned? You&nbsp; even turned down an offer from Lockheed&nbsp;&nbsp; Martin with an annual salary of $8 million!" Upon hearing this, Kulichenko's expression&nbsp;&nbsp; darkened. "My mother told me that the United&nbsp; States is a country full of evil, and she strongly&nbsp;&nbsp; disagreed with my going to the United States." Moreover, my mother has a terminal illness,&nbsp;&nbsp; and treatment requires a lot of&nbsp; money, so I can't be without income.&nbsp; So they just messed around at Madagascar Sich. What terminal illness does your mother have?&nbsp; Lung cancer! Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang burst&nbsp;&nbsp; out laughing. It was truly a stroke of luck! When Kurishenko saw Xiao Qiang laughing&nbsp;&nbsp; at this moment, his expression&nbsp; immediately turned displeased.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang naturally realized his&nbsp; rudeness and immediately explained.&nbsp; "Brother Shenke, I have some&nbsp; fantastic news for you."&nbsp; Kurushenko frowned slightly, looking puzzled. "Brother Shenke, I own a pharmaceutical company&nbsp;&nbsp; that has successfully developed a universal&nbsp; anti-cancer drug. Your mother can be saved!"&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Kulishenko was initially&nbsp; startled, but then showed great skepticism.&nbsp; That's normal. Cancer has been a problem that&nbsp; has plagued the world's medical history for&nbsp;&nbsp; many years. If you suddenly say that your&nbsp; company has developed an anti-cancer drug,&nbsp;&nbsp; any normal person would question its authenticity. Seeing this, Xiao Qiang stopped explaining.&nbsp; Talking about it is never enough; you must&nbsp; put it into practice to truly understand it!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang went straight&nbsp; to the study in the villa,&nbsp;&nbsp; where all the studies were equipped with laptops. Xiao Qiang logged onto the official website of&nbsp;&nbsp; the M country television station, typed a few&nbsp; words rapidly, and then pressed the enter key.&nbsp; "See for yourself!" Kulishenko was puzzled,&nbsp;&nbsp; wondering why he was watching US television, but&nbsp; he patiently watched the host's commentary anyway.&nbsp; A short while later, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang appeared in the video...&nbsp; The more I watched, the more&nbsp; interested I became in Kurishenko…&nbsp; Kulishenko was shocked when he saw two medical&nbsp; doctors announce the clinical efficacy of Contara…&nbsp; When he saw President Buffon Jr. of&nbsp; Country M come to him seeking medicine,&nbsp;&nbsp; Kurushenko completely broke down... He finally understood why Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; had been able to laugh out loud earlier. He finally realized just how amazing&nbsp;&nbsp; the Chinese man who had been by his&nbsp; side these past few days truly was.&nbsp; He began to feel guilty for having&nbsp; given Xiao Qiang a hard time earlier.&nbsp; “Dear Xiao, I apologize for&nbsp; my rude behavior just now.”&nbsp; Please, you must save my mother… As he was speaking, Kulishenko was about to kneel&nbsp;&nbsp; down to Xiao Qiang, but Xiao Qiang pulled him up. "I've said it before, we're good brothers. We'd&nbsp;&nbsp; go to great lengths for each other if&nbsp; a friend is in trouble. Don't worry,&nbsp;&nbsp; I will definitely save your mother." But now there's a problem: your&nbsp;&nbsp; mother is in Ukraine, and in our supply chain,&nbsp; Ukraine's supplies are given a low priority..."&nbsp; Kulishenko panicked, "What should we do?" After thinking for a moment, Xiao Qiang said:&nbsp; "Brother Shenke, have you ever thought&nbsp; about bringing your parents to China?"&nbsp; First, you're being watched by&nbsp; the M Federation's secret service,&nbsp;&nbsp; and in Ukraine, your parents are probably&nbsp; under constant surveillance. Most importantly,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Ukrainian government can't even protect its&nbsp; own citizens; this is a betrayal of its people.&nbsp; Secondly, if your parents come&nbsp; to China, your family will be&nbsp;&nbsp; reunited—what a wonderful thing that would be! Kulishenko was instantly moved, his eyes shining&nbsp;&nbsp; and his mind filled with fantasies: how&nbsp; wonderful it would be if that were the case!&nbsp; "But my own passport is about to expire? My&nbsp; parents only have tourist visas at most..."&nbsp; "If this is the only thing you're worried about, I&nbsp; can help you get a Chinese household registration&nbsp;&nbsp; and immigrate directly to China." But you'll have to give&nbsp;&nbsp; up your Ukrainian citizenship. Xiao Qiang's words left Kulishenko stunned.&nbsp;&nbsp; Was he really that crazy? Giving up his Ukrainian&nbsp; citizenship? Immigrating directly to China?&nbsp; "But we have nothing here. Everything we own&nbsp; is in Ukraine. We should just immigrate..."&nbsp; Since things had come to this point,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stopped hiding his intentions.&nbsp; "What do you have in Ukraine? Nothing&nbsp; more than a house, a car, and money..."&nbsp; Is your house in Ukraine&nbsp; as spacious as this villa?&nbsp; Kulishenko shook his head. Is your car more luxurious&nbsp;&nbsp; than the Mercedes downstairs? Kulishenko shook his head again.&nbsp; "Do you have tens of millions or&nbsp; hundreds of millions in Ukraine?"&nbsp; Kulishenko shook his head again, "We&nbsp; basically have no savings left..."&nbsp; "Then what are you worried about?" Arrived in China,&nbsp; This villa is for you to live in, and the&nbsp; property certificate will be in your name.&nbsp; That Mercedes downstairs is for&nbsp; you to use for grocery shopping.&nbsp; Work for our company, and we'll give&nbsp; you a $10 million annual salary.&nbsp; Is it enough for your whole family to spend? Xiao Qiang's machine-gun-like words&nbsp;&nbsp; struck Kurishenko like a hammer blow. Kurushenko's IQ of 210 seemed to be completely&nbsp;&nbsp; dumbfounded by Xiao Qiang's words. "You're&nbsp; saying, my whole family immigrates to China,&nbsp;&nbsp; and this house... is mine, the car downstairs&nbsp; is mine, and I'll also get an annual salary of&nbsp;&nbsp; 10 million... US dollars?" "What? Not enough? Or do&nbsp;&nbsp; you still not believe in my abilities?" "No, no, no, that's enough...enough is enough!"&nbsp; "But what can I do to help you? I&nbsp; don't know how to research drugs."&nbsp; Kulishenko looked troubled. Xiao Qiang was speechless. "I&nbsp;&nbsp; didn't ask you to research medicine. Why don't&nbsp; you just continue doing what you're used to?"&nbsp; "Researching engines? You have this&nbsp; company? That's incredibly expensive;&nbsp;&nbsp; most wealthy people simply can't afford it!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang put his hands on his hips and said,&nbsp; "Looks like you still don't understand me!" Chapter 151 Even the richest people&nbsp; on Earth aren't as rich as me&nbsp; "Brother Shenke, tell me, how much&nbsp; does your company spend on research&nbsp;&nbsp; and development each month?" Kulichenko looked up at the sky,&nbsp;&nbsp; as if deep in thought. "According to the&nbsp; transport aircraft production line I'm on,&nbsp;&nbsp; a single production line burns through&nbsp; $20 million a month. Madagascar Sich has&nbsp;&nbsp; 20 such production lines, burning through $400&nbsp; million a month, and nearly $5 billion a year."&nbsp; "And if you add the production lines,&nbsp; it wouldn't be possible to operate&nbsp;&nbsp; without at least $10 billion a year." Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang exclaimed,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh! 10 billion US dollars a year,&nbsp; that's certainly no small sum."&nbsp; "So, Brother Xiaoqiang, aircraft engines aren't&nbsp; something that just any rich person can handle."&nbsp; "Brother Shenke, I have something to show you..." After saying that, Xiao Qiang started logging&nbsp;&nbsp; into the website. After a series of&nbsp; operations, he presented a webpage&nbsp;&nbsp; that was entirely in English to Kurishenko. Why do you want me to see your bank account?&nbsp; Despite saying that, Kulishenko's actions betrayed&nbsp; his true feelings; he was also curious about&nbsp;&nbsp; how much money this young Chinese tycoon had. Xiao Qiang showed him not his personal account,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the foreign exchange account of Huaxia&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Clinic.&nbsp; "One, ten, hundred, thousand, ten thousand,&nbsp; father, grandfather, holy crap, awesome..."&nbsp; 176.8 billion? ...US dollars? Kurushenko was completely bewildered;&nbsp;&nbsp; this was probably the longest&nbsp; number he had ever seen in his life.&nbsp; "Your $176.8 billion is only 20% of the deposit&nbsp; for the first batch of this medicine from&nbsp;&nbsp; Huaxia TCM Hall. The remaining $720 billion is&nbsp; expected to be recovered in the next 3-5 months!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was very satisfied&nbsp;&nbsp; with Curryshenko's expression at that moment. Meanwhile, Kulichenko was thinking, "Ukraine's&nbsp;&nbsp; annual GDP is only 260 billion US dollars..." "Brother Shenke, do you think I'm capable of&nbsp;&nbsp; handling the research and development&nbsp; and manufacturing of aero engines?"&nbsp; "Remember, I'm not your average rich guy." No one on Earth is as rich as me!&nbsp; "Dear Xiao, what are you planning to do next?" "We will build an aero-engine research and&nbsp;&nbsp; development base for you, appoint&nbsp; you as the chief engineer, and offer&nbsp;&nbsp; you an annual salary of 10 million US dollars." Since Madagascar Sich doesn't value its engineers,&nbsp;&nbsp; I won't hold back. I'll poach as&nbsp; many talented people as I can.&nbsp; Leave the matter of your Chinese&nbsp; household registration to me.&nbsp; "But I can't go back to Uzbekistan! Wouldn't&nbsp; going back be like walking into a trap?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang smiled leisurely, "Going back alone&nbsp; would be like walking into a trap. I'll have a&nbsp;&nbsp; security company protect you on your way&nbsp; back, and then everything will be fine."&nbsp; My security company's security personnel&nbsp; are all former special forces soldiers.&nbsp; They are in no way inferior&nbsp; to the Secret Service agents!&nbsp; "Tell me, do you have the&nbsp; ability to persuade those&nbsp;&nbsp; outstanding engineers to immigrate to China?!" Kulishenko patted his chest confidently and said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Leave this to me. I'll call my former&nbsp; colleagues first and discuss it beforehand."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded, "Then I'll wait for your good&nbsp; news. If you need any help, just tell Ziyan!"&nbsp; Kurushenko nodded excitedly. If he could bring so&nbsp; many of his good friends to China, he wouldn't be&nbsp;&nbsp; alone anymore. Moreover, this young Chinese boss&nbsp; clearly valued engineering culture, so even in a&nbsp;&nbsp; foreign land, they would be highly regarded. This can be seen from the other party's&nbsp;&nbsp; extravagant spending habits. Chen Ziyan immediately brought him a mobile phone&nbsp; with international long-distance calling enabled.&nbsp; Kulishenko then began his intense work,&nbsp; playing from noon until night, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; continuing the next morning until night again. This was just enough to finish calling all 425&nbsp;&nbsp; engineer friends. Of these 425 engineers,&nbsp; 198 had already left Madagascar Sich,&nbsp;&nbsp; while the rest were still employed. Unsurprisingly, almost no one could&nbsp;&nbsp; refuse Xiao Qiang's generous offer of a $3&nbsp; million annual salary plus a 300-square-meter&nbsp;&nbsp; apartment for senior engineers and a $1 million&nbsp; annual salary plus a 170-square-meter apartment&nbsp;&nbsp; for intermediate engineers. After one phone call, almost&nbsp;&nbsp; all of Madagascar Sich's 45 senior engineers,&nbsp; excluding Kurishenko, agreed to come to China.&nbsp; These 45 senior engineers are the backbone&nbsp; of research and development in all areas of&nbsp;&nbsp; aviation engines, including fighter&nbsp; jets, anti-tank aircraft, bombers,&nbsp;&nbsp; carrier-based aircraft, and transport aircraft. Of the remaining 380 intermediate engineers,&nbsp;&nbsp; 12 had already been lobbied by other&nbsp; countries, while the rest had all agreed&nbsp;&nbsp; to Kulishenko's suggestion to work in China. "Brother Shenke, you're absolutely awesome!"&nbsp; I never imagined you had such a strong&nbsp; influence on the engineering team in Madagascar!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was very excited after hearing&nbsp; the results of Kulishenko's lobbying efforts.&nbsp; “Dear Xiao, when do you plan to&nbsp; help them with their immigration&nbsp;&nbsp; procedures to China and bring them to China?” After thinking for a moment, Xiao Qiang said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I will send someone to accompany you to&nbsp; Ukraine to help your colleagues with their&nbsp;&nbsp; immigration procedures." In a maximum of 10 days,&nbsp;&nbsp; they will be able to set foot on Chinese soil. Xiao Qiang then called Su Rui and Li Muyao to&nbsp;&nbsp; his office and gave them detailed&nbsp; instructions and arrangements.&nbsp; That evening, Su Rui, Li Muyao, Kulishenko, and&nbsp; their group of 125 people boarded a flight to the&nbsp;&nbsp; capital of Uzbekistan. At the same time, Xiao Qiang also received a call&nbsp; that evening from Liu Wei, the chief's secretary.&nbsp; "Brother Xiaoqiang, great news!" Xiao Qiang's heart skipped a beat.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Brother Liu, is there any news about&nbsp; that aircraft engine manufacturing plant?"&nbsp; "good. There are two candidate companies. One is Huaxia&nbsp;&nbsp; 513 Aerospace Institute, located in Longcheng,&nbsp; the capital of Xishan Province. It mainly conducts&nbsp;&nbsp; research and development of aero engines&nbsp; and produces some parts of launch vehicles.&nbsp; The other one is the Huaxia&nbsp; Aero Engine Research Institute,&nbsp;&nbsp; located in Nan'an City, Shaanxi Province. Both companies are currently struggling&nbsp;&nbsp; due to poor management. I spoke with&nbsp; the heads of both companies, and they&nbsp;&nbsp; both agreed to sell their existing assets. However, the administrative level of these&nbsp;&nbsp; two companies is under the jurisdiction of&nbsp; Yanjing, and many people are watching them.&nbsp;&nbsp; The leaders overcame numerous difficulties&nbsp; to secure the positions for you,&nbsp;&nbsp; allowing you to choose them first. I'll send you the relevant information&nbsp;&nbsp; for both companies first, then&nbsp; you can see which one you prefer.&nbsp; "Okay, Brother Liu, I'll take a look&nbsp; and get back to you right away."&nbsp; Two minutes later, detailed&nbsp; information about the two companies&nbsp;&nbsp; was sent to Xiao Qiang's email address. According to available information,&nbsp;&nbsp; the 513 Aerospace Institute, located in&nbsp; Xishan Province, has two production lines&nbsp;&nbsp; for civilian small passenger aircraft&nbsp; engines, while the Huaxia Aerospace&nbsp;&nbsp; Power Research Institute in Nan'an City has five&nbsp; production lines for military aircraft engines.&nbsp; "So few production lines?" But Xishan Province is my hometown, and&nbsp;&nbsp; it has a complete special steel industry chain! Nan'an City, on the other hand, boasts two&nbsp;&nbsp; aerospace science and industry universities,&nbsp; making it easier to cultivate talent.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang made up his mind instantly! Since&nbsp; it was so difficult to choose, he decided not&nbsp;&nbsp; to make a choice at all. I'll take them all! Chapter 152 Marrow Cleansing&nbsp; and Yang Strengthening Technique&nbsp; Having made up his mind, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; immediately dialed Secretary Liu's number.&nbsp; "Brother Liu, I'd like to ask if I can&nbsp; own both factories? A single factory&nbsp;&nbsp; is too small and I can't operate it properly!" "What? You want both of them? You're too greedy!"&nbsp; "I can't make that decision myself;&nbsp; I need to report to the superior."&nbsp; "Alright, alright, then I'll trouble Brother&nbsp; Liu to speak with the commander and see what&nbsp;&nbsp; his opinion is!" "What? This kid actually wants both factories?"&nbsp; Does he have such a big appetite? "Call that kid for me;&nbsp;&nbsp; I'd like to hear what he has to say." Liu Wei quickly dialed Xiao Qiang's number.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, the commander&nbsp; has something to tell you..."&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, you've got quite an&nbsp; appetite, wanting both factories."&nbsp; Do you know how many people are eyeing these&nbsp; two factories? I went through so much trouble&nbsp;&nbsp; to get you one of those factories; do&nbsp; you know how many people I offended?&nbsp; Xiao Qiang smiled sheepishly, “Commander, if&nbsp; you give me both factories, I can develop the&nbsp;&nbsp; fifth-generation high-thrust vector engine&nbsp; for the army in as little as six months or&nbsp;&nbsp; as long as a year.” What do you think?&nbsp; It is important to know that currently only&nbsp; the United States has successfully developed&nbsp;&nbsp; a fifth-generation fighter jet. The most&nbsp; critical component of a fifth-generation&nbsp;&nbsp; fighter jet is the fifth-generation high-thrust&nbsp; vector engine, which enables the fighter jet&nbsp;&nbsp; to perform vector propulsion, making&nbsp; the fighter jet more agile in flight.&nbsp; While the Great Bear Nation also claims to have&nbsp; developed its own fifth-generation fighter jet,&nbsp;&nbsp; the engine they actually use&nbsp; is a fourth-generation vector&nbsp;&nbsp; engine purchased from Madagascar Sich. Its fighter jets have a significant&nbsp;&nbsp; gap in speed and vectoring capability&nbsp; compared to those of the United States.&nbsp; the commander was shocked.&nbsp; Is this really true? "A gentleman's word is as&nbsp;&nbsp; good as his bond. Besides, how could I dare to&nbsp; deceive my superior? I value my life greatly!"&nbsp; "Okay, that's enough. I'll go and do some&nbsp; ideological work with those old fogies."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was deeply moved upon&nbsp; hearing this. "Don't worry, Chief,&nbsp;&nbsp; I will definitely not let you down." After hanging up the phone, Xiao Qiang lay&nbsp;&nbsp; alone on the big bed in the villa, feeling like&nbsp; something was missing. In the past, when Li Muyao&nbsp;&nbsp; was around, Xiao Qiang could experience the joy&nbsp; of climbing mountains and wading through rivers.&nbsp; Tonight I am destined to&nbsp; be alone in my empty room!&nbsp; At midnight, the long-awaited system&nbsp; notification woke Xiao Qiang from his sleep.&nbsp; Before shorting M-shares, the system's task&nbsp; was to achieve a growth of $7 billion to $20&nbsp;&nbsp; billion. Two days ago, this task was&nbsp; successfully completed, and only then&nbsp;&nbsp; did the system distribute the reward. The reward, however, was the Marrow&nbsp;&nbsp; Cleansing and Aphrodisiac Skill that&nbsp; Xiao Qiang had been longing for.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, naturally, lost all&nbsp; sleepiness and began to cultivate&nbsp;&nbsp; this technique throughout the night. With systematic guidance, the practice&nbsp;&nbsp; of the technique went smoothly, and by around&nbsp; midnight, the entire technique had been completed.&nbsp; Throughout the process, Xiao Qiang experienced&nbsp; several surprising physical changes.&nbsp; First: He sensed that his second&nbsp; brother seemed to have undergone&nbsp;&nbsp; a second growth spurt during his cultivation,&nbsp; and appeared to have become much more robust.&nbsp; Second: The second brother's hardness is&nbsp; even greater than before; it would not be an&nbsp;&nbsp; exaggeration to say that it is as hard as steel. Third: After staying up all night,&nbsp;&nbsp; he did not feel tired at all; on the&nbsp; contrary, he was still full of energy.&nbsp; To test his physical condition, he arrived at&nbsp; the Yanda University playground at 6 a.m. and&nbsp;&nbsp; ran 20 kilometers in one go before stopping. It wasn't because he was tired, but because he&nbsp;&nbsp; found that after walking 20 kilometers, apart from&nbsp; being covered in sweat, he wasn't too exhausted.&nbsp; Fourth: His voice seemed to be under his&nbsp; control. When he was pleasantly surprised to&nbsp;&nbsp; discover the changes in the first and second&nbsp; points, he instinctively sang the climax of&nbsp;&nbsp; Feng Ge's "Blooming Life". Unexpectedly, the&nbsp; situation where he would always fall silent&nbsp;&nbsp; when encountering high notes did not occur.&nbsp; Instead, he sang the high notes very smoothly.&nbsp; This unexpected discovery shocked Xiao&nbsp; Qiang. He loved to sing, but unfortunately,&nbsp;&nbsp; he was tone-deaf. However, this time he discovered&nbsp; that all five notes were in tune, and he could&nbsp;&nbsp; even imitate the original singer's pitch and&nbsp; timbre, even surpassing the original singer.&nbsp; The changes in points three and four have&nbsp; been verified by his practical experience.&nbsp;&nbsp; As for points one and two, there is no&nbsp; suitable candidate to help him verify them&nbsp;&nbsp; at the moment, so we can only wait and see. When good things happen, people are in high&nbsp;&nbsp; spirits, and good things come one after another. He had just finished showering and was naked,&nbsp;&nbsp; ready to play a game on his computer. As soon as I stepped out of the bathroom,&nbsp;&nbsp; I heard a scream of "Ah!" Turning my head, I saw that&nbsp;&nbsp; the one who let out the scream was none other&nbsp; than the tea and pastry chef, Lin Xuejiao.&nbsp; It turns out that since receiving the 500,000 yuan&nbsp; Mercedes-Benz E-Class a few days ago, Lin Xuejiao&nbsp;&nbsp; felt that simply preparing juice and desserts&nbsp; for the traders every day was a bit too easy.&nbsp; I really feel bad for the salary and&nbsp; bonuses my boss gave me. As a single mother,&nbsp;&nbsp; my daughter is taken care of by her mother ,&nbsp; and there's not much to do at home on weekdays.&nbsp; Therefore, she thought of taking on&nbsp; more responsibility, otherwise it would&nbsp;&nbsp; be too hot to handle the boss's money. These past two days, she has taken the&nbsp;&nbsp; initiative to deliver meals to Xiao Qiang. Xiao Qiang, however, had not yet fully&nbsp;&nbsp; adapted to this situation and forgot that it was&nbsp; probably Lin Xuejiao's delivery time. He still&nbsp;&nbsp; ran out without a trace, just as he always had. Just as Lin Xuejiao put down her breakfast and&nbsp;&nbsp; was about to leave, she was shocked to see&nbsp; Xiao Qiang standing naked in front of her,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the sight of him casually swaying&nbsp; around was truly an eyesore...&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao froze on the spot, staring&nbsp; blankly at Xiao Qiang's...lower body...&nbsp; Xiao Qiang sighed helplessly. "Why don't you move?&nbsp; What's the meaning of you looking down like that?"&nbsp; Should I go back to the bathroom? Thus, in that instant,&nbsp;&nbsp; an extremely bizarre scene was created. Xiao Qiang remained motionless, letting the birds&nbsp;&nbsp; drift in the wind; Lin Xuejiao's reaction time&nbsp; seemed extremely slow, her eyes fixed downwards,&nbsp;&nbsp; lost in thought... 10 seconds later.&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao's brain seemed to only&nbsp; just receive the reflex signal;&nbsp;&nbsp; she immediately turned around, "Mr. Xiao... I&nbsp; didn't expect... you were taking a shower...&nbsp;&nbsp; Breakfast... is on the table... Please enjoy..." Then they fled as if they were running away.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang didn't think it was a big deal to be&nbsp; seen naked by a woman. After Lin Xuejiao left,&nbsp;&nbsp; he began to feast. Although his physical condition&nbsp; had greatly improved and he didn't feel tired&nbsp;&nbsp; after a lot of exercise, exercise really&nbsp; consumed energy, so he was already starving.&nbsp; Back in her rest room, Lin Xuejiao&nbsp; couldn't calm down no matter what.&nbsp; At 35, she's at an age where she should&nbsp; be craving love, yet she's single.&nbsp;&nbsp; With her stunning looks and figure, she always&nbsp; gets a lot of attention when she goes out.&nbsp; But she never considered any&nbsp; of the men who pursued her.&nbsp; She would endure the growing&nbsp; demand as much as possible,&nbsp;&nbsp; but if she could no longer bear it,&nbsp; she would use her treasured toys.&nbsp; But one day, she overheard Li Muyao and&nbsp; Xiao Qiang making love for over an hour.&nbsp;&nbsp; From that moment on, her once calm and&nbsp; composed mind was no longer at peace.&nbsp; Even as she tried to comfort herself, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's image kept appearing in her mind.&nbsp; "How could it be so loud? No wonder Mr. Li's&nbsp; voice is always so... If only I could..."&nbsp; "Hey, Mr. Li, what are you&nbsp; thinking about, Lin Xuejiao...?"&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao forced herself not to overthink, but&nbsp; little did she know that such things and such&nbsp;&nbsp; scenes could not be easily erased from memory. After finishing a bowl of tofu, four fried&nbsp;&nbsp; dough sticks, a plate of fried fish&nbsp; fillet, and a plate of Wagyu beef,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang let out a satisfied burp. Just as he was about to play a game of&nbsp;&nbsp; Audition Online, his phone rang urgently again. Upon seeing that it was Liu Wei calling,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang immediately answered, "Brother&nbsp; Liu, is there some good news to tell me...?"&nbsp; "Haha, Xiaoqiang, you guessed right!&nbsp; Good news! The commander has convinced&nbsp;&nbsp; those people to give you both factories." But the leader said that the pricing must&nbsp;&nbsp; be handled officially and that no loss&nbsp; of state-owned assets should be caused.&nbsp; Furthermore, the issue of subsidies&nbsp; for laid-off workers must be properly&nbsp;&nbsp; addressed to avoid causing public resentment. "No problem, please rest assured, sir, we will&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely resolve these two issues properly." “Alright, I’ll notify the heads of those two&nbsp;&nbsp; factories to come to Yanjing in the next couple of&nbsp; days to handle the relevant transfer procedures.”&nbsp; Xiao Qiang felt even happier&nbsp; after hanging up the phone.&nbsp; He couldn't help but burst into song&nbsp; again, and what he sang were all&nbsp;&nbsp; classics from later generations, songs&nbsp; that had never been heard of before. Chapter 153 I'm a Little Free Tonight Upon arriving in the Ukrainian capital,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Rui, Li Muyao, and Kulishenko&nbsp; immediately booked a five-star hotel.&nbsp; Their division of labor was extremely clear. Accompanied by five assistants and 20 security&nbsp;&nbsp; personnel, Li Muyao arrived first at&nbsp; the Chinese Embassy in Uzbekistan.&nbsp; Chen Yuemin, the Chinese ambassador to Uzbekistan,&nbsp; had previously received a call from his superior,&nbsp;&nbsp; who explicitly instructed him to provide strong&nbsp; support for Xiao Qiang's talent recruitment plan.&nbsp; With the leader's instructions, Li Muyao and&nbsp; Chen Yuemin's negotiations went smoothly.&nbsp; Chen Yuemin also stated that the embassy would&nbsp; definitely assign elite personnel to conduct&nbsp;&nbsp; same-day reviews and medical examinations for&nbsp; the immigrants reported by Li Muyao and others,&nbsp;&nbsp; and issue immigration visas to those&nbsp; who passed the review on the same day.&nbsp; Before coming to Ukraine, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; repeatedly urged him to hurry up and&nbsp;&nbsp; send all the talents to China first. He was&nbsp; most worried that if the trip dragged on,&nbsp;&nbsp; some unpredictable changes would occur. On the first day, Kurishenko himself,&nbsp;&nbsp; along with 45 senior engineers from Madagascar&nbsp; Sich and their families, totaling 142 people,&nbsp;&nbsp; all received permanent residency permits in China. From this moment forward, these people will have&nbsp;&nbsp; the legal status of citizens of China, and&nbsp; all their rights will be protected by China.&nbsp; That same evening, all 141 people except for&nbsp; Kulishenko boarded a flight to Yanjing, China.&nbsp; Akakhanlav, the general&nbsp;&nbsp; manager of Madagascar Sich, was furious. It turns out that half an hour earlier,&nbsp;&nbsp; a man from the US named Raymond had given&nbsp; him a long, scathing lecture over the phone.&nbsp; "Akahanlav, are you an idiot? I only asked you to&nbsp; worsen Madagascar's business situation. Who told&nbsp;&nbsp; you to drive away all those engineers?" You're incredibly stupid!&nbsp; You better hurry up and figure out a way&nbsp; to bring those excellent engineers back.&nbsp; Otherwise, you won't get a single&nbsp; penny of the remaining $3 million.&nbsp; He was a native of Uzbekistan who, after 20 years&nbsp; of hard work, finally climbed to the position of&nbsp;&nbsp; general manager of Madagascar Sich. He worked&nbsp; diligently, but as the head of a state-owned&nbsp;&nbsp; enterprise in Uzbekistan, he could only make&nbsp; ends meet with a fixed salary and meager bonuses.&nbsp; My income is only slightly more&nbsp; than that of a senior engineer&nbsp;&nbsp; at the company, equivalent to $100,000 a year. This greatly displeased Akakhanrav, who had a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of ulterior motives, so he took advantage of his&nbsp; position to do some things that were detrimental&nbsp;&nbsp; to the public good and for personal gain. Six months ago, a man from the United States&nbsp;&nbsp; named LeBron Raymond approached him and&nbsp; offered him $5 million, asking him to do&nbsp;&nbsp; everything he could to worsen the company's&nbsp; current situation, but $3 million of it would&nbsp;&nbsp; only be paid out after the deed was done. Suppressing the company's engineers&nbsp;&nbsp; and withholding their wages and&nbsp; bonuses was one of his schemes.&nbsp; Thanks to Akakhanav's "efforts," the&nbsp; Madagascar Sich company was filled&nbsp;&nbsp; with complaints from top to bottom, and&nbsp; its annual turnover plummeted by 70%,&nbsp;&nbsp; leaving it with less than 50 million US dollars. In his view, if these engineers were driven away,&nbsp;&nbsp; the company would be unable to develop products&nbsp; that were competitive enough in the market, and&nbsp;&nbsp; the company's revenue would naturally decrease.&nbsp; Now it seems that the effect is very obvious...&nbsp; He simply couldn't understand&nbsp; where he had gone wrong.&nbsp; What should we do now? I went to great lengths, using the excuse&nbsp;&nbsp; of cost reduction and efficiency improvement, to&nbsp; finally lower the engineers' salaries and bonuses.&nbsp; With the company's performance so poor right&nbsp; now, proposing a salary increase at this critical&nbsp;&nbsp; juncture is just making things difficult for&nbsp; those people in the state-owned assets system.&nbsp; What to do? What to do? This made Akakhanlav&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely anxious, like an ant on a hot pan. "Huh!? Right, Kurishenko... that guy is the&nbsp;&nbsp; most prestigious in the engineering team,&nbsp; let him go and coax those guys back first?"&nbsp; But when I think about how I used&nbsp; to target Kurishenko and how he was&nbsp;&nbsp; insulted and suppressed by me regardless of the&nbsp; occasion or time, do I think he would help me?&nbsp; "At worst, we can just offer&nbsp; him a pie in the sky..."&nbsp; After figuring all this out, he&nbsp; immediately dialed Kulishenko's number.&nbsp; Kuryshenko was utterly bewildered by&nbsp; Akakhanav's call. The memory of Akakhanav's&nbsp;&nbsp; utterly detestable face filled him&nbsp; with resentment and boundless rage.&nbsp; But after thinking about it for a&nbsp; moment, he answered the phone anyway.&nbsp; Akakhanlav was overjoyed to hear the&nbsp; call connect; he had been afraid that&nbsp;&nbsp; Kulishenko wouldn't even answer the phone. "Hey, dear Kurychenko, your vacation is&nbsp;&nbsp; almost over, isn't it? When are&nbsp; you planning to go back to work?"&nbsp; Kulishenko said coldly, "There are still&nbsp; four or five days left... What's wrong..."&nbsp; Akakhanrav was quite annoyed by the&nbsp; other party's extremely cold words,&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking to himself, "If you weren't still of&nbsp; any use, I would have fired you long ago..."&nbsp; "Dear Kulishenko, it's like this, the company's&nbsp; deputy general manager has reached retirement age,&nbsp;&nbsp; and now the position is vacant." I feel you are quite outstanding&nbsp;&nbsp; and intend to promote you to the&nbsp; position of deputy general manager.&nbsp; I was wondering if you have any ideas? In Akakhanlav's view, no one could&nbsp;&nbsp; refuse such a windfall. Kulishenko chuckled.&nbsp; "Is there really such a good thing?" This isn't like you at all!&nbsp; Are there any other conditions? Kulishenko did not immediately refuse,&nbsp;&nbsp; but instead began to ask probing&nbsp; questions with great interest.&nbsp; Upon hearing that the other party had shown&nbsp; interest, Akakhanlav immediately revealed&nbsp;&nbsp; a sly smile of triumph and said without any&nbsp; attempt to hide it, "It's hardly a condition."&nbsp; But when you take office, if you want to&nbsp; achieve results, won't you need connections?&nbsp; You know that many engineers have recently&nbsp; resigned, and you have a high reputation&nbsp;&nbsp; among them. If you can persuade&nbsp; them to come back to the company...&nbsp; Wouldn't that be a huge&nbsp; benefit for your future work?&nbsp; Kulishenko immediately picked up on the&nbsp; implication in the other person's words,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a playful smile appeared on his lips. He desperately wanted to give this shameless guy&nbsp;&nbsp; a good thrashing, but realizing the time wasn't&nbsp; right, he said "respectfully," "No problem, I can&nbsp;&nbsp; help you with that. But I need to see the deputy&nbsp; general manager's appointment notice first..."&nbsp; It should take a few days to&nbsp; prepare this appointment notice.&nbsp; What Kulishenko and his team&nbsp; lack most right now is time.&nbsp; There were several hundred people, including&nbsp; families, and they had to do everything they&nbsp;&nbsp; could to remain as unnoticed as possible. After finishing his call, Akakhanav immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; called Raymond from the US, "Mr. Raymond, give&nbsp; me three days, and I'll make sure those engineers&nbsp;&nbsp; obediently return to their posts..." In China, Xiao Qiang was quite&nbsp; content with his leisure time.&nbsp; In the warm and cozy villa, wearing shorts and a&nbsp; vest, he sat on the computer he bought for over&nbsp;&nbsp; 100,000 yuan, happily playing Red Alert. An hour later, Xiao Qiang started&nbsp;&nbsp; playing the music app again. An hour later, he really didn't know what to do.&nbsp; But the night is long, isn't it a&nbsp; waste of life to go to sleep so early?&nbsp; deeply missed Li Muyao's&nbsp;&nbsp; delicate figure and her sweet, melodious voice. I also miss Princess Sumaia of the Middle Eastern&nbsp;&nbsp; Sasha Kingdom, with her undisguised boldness, her&nbsp; extreme S-shaped figure, and her ability to switch&nbsp;&nbsp; flexibly between innocence and allure. Alas, this kind of trouble is something&nbsp;&nbsp; that Liu Qingyuan, his white moonlight,&nbsp; cannot solve for him for the time being. Chapter 154 Ambiguity Under the Night Left with no other choice, Xiao Qiang dug out the&nbsp;&nbsp; website address he had treasured for a long time. This is a website with an Eastern theme. The&nbsp;&nbsp; author has a special fondness for Japanese&nbsp; actresses. Their performances are not as&nbsp;&nbsp; explicit or exaggerated as those in Europe&nbsp; and America. In addition to the visual impact,&nbsp;&nbsp; they also have a beauty that is appreciated&nbsp; by both the refined and the common.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang quickly scrolled through the video&nbsp; introductions with his mouse, when suddenly a&nbsp;&nbsp; video titled "Anecdotes about Me and a Sexy&nbsp; Mature Housekeeper" caught his attention.&nbsp; Moreover, the lead actress is none other than&nbsp; Hojo Maki, Xiao Qiang's favorite mature actress.&nbsp; Without thinking, he clicked on&nbsp; it, then put on his headphones and&nbsp;&nbsp; turned the volume up to the maximum. As Xiao Qiang once told Hao Niubi,&nbsp;&nbsp; watching a movie without listening to&nbsp; the audio reduces the enjoyment by half.&nbsp; Although Xiao Qiang also felt that as a reborn&nbsp; person and a top-tier tycoon, it was really hard&nbsp;&nbsp; to justify that he had ended up in this situation. I'll reflect on my failures after tonight.&nbsp; After a day of unbearable shyness,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao forced herself to stop thinking&nbsp; about the embarrassing scene from that morning.&nbsp; At 10 p.m., after preparing fruit and desserts&nbsp; for the traders, she also took a plate and&nbsp;&nbsp; filled it with some to send to Xiao Qiang. When she arrived at the villa, she could&nbsp;&nbsp; have gone straight in, as Xiao Qiang had arranged&nbsp; beforehand, and the keypad lock at the entrance&nbsp;&nbsp; was also registered with her fingerprint. But she still rang the doorbell symbolically,&nbsp;&nbsp; as a reminder to avoid a repeat of the&nbsp; unexpected situation that happened this morning.&nbsp; After the doorbell rang five or six times,&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao opened the door and went inside.&nbsp; After hanging the thin coat she was wearing&nbsp; on the coat rack in front of the door,&nbsp;&nbsp; her shapely figure was on full display. Today she was wearing a slightly tight-fitting&nbsp;&nbsp; knit dress. Since she worked indoors most of&nbsp; the day, she didn't wear fleece-lined stockings,&nbsp;&nbsp; but instead wore a pair of sheer black stockings,&nbsp; which made her look even more stunning.&nbsp; She carried the plate into the living room,&nbsp; but Xiao Qiang was nowhere to be seen.&nbsp; "Could it be in the study?" Lin Xuejiao continued toward the study. The door&nbsp;&nbsp; was ajar, and she could see the light on inside. "Looks like he's playing video games again..."&nbsp; She had just stepped forward to knock on the&nbsp; door when she faintly heard Xiao Qiang's voice.&nbsp; "Sister Xuejiao...Sister Xuejiao..." She thought Xiao Qiang was calling her,&nbsp;&nbsp; so she didn't knock and pushed the door&nbsp; open. What she saw made her body tremble.&nbsp; On the huge screen, beautiful images that even&nbsp; monks couldn't find peace of mind were playing,&nbsp;&nbsp; images that she and her ex-husband had&nbsp; watched many times during their honeymoon.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang didn't seem to notice&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao beside him immediately,&nbsp;&nbsp; still staring intently at the screen. The scene before her eyes made Lin&nbsp;&nbsp; Xuejiao feel as if her mind had left her&nbsp; body, as if she had been electrocuted.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang suddenly mumbled twice more, but these&nbsp;&nbsp; two murmurs were much louder than the ones Lin&nbsp; Xuejiao had just heard. At that moment, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; inadvertently turned his head to the side and saw&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao standing there, stunned and at a loss.&nbsp; This unusual stimulation made it impossible&nbsp; for Xiao Qiang to endure any longer...&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao then witnessed once again&nbsp; a scene that made her soul float away.&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao's unusually long reaction time&nbsp; finally came to an end at this moment. Her&nbsp;&nbsp; face flushed red and her body felt strangely weak,&nbsp; so she hurriedly left the study and stood in the&nbsp;&nbsp; living room, taking a deep breath. My mind was filled with the image&nbsp;&nbsp; of his powerful strength just now. "He just...called my name...could it be...?"&nbsp; Thinking of this, Lin Xuejiao felt her legs go&nbsp; weak and even began to tremble uncontrollably.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao... I prepared some fruit&nbsp; and desserts for you and left them&nbsp;&nbsp; in the living room. I... I'll head back now..." Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang replied, "Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you... Xuejiao... Sister." Upon hearing her name called,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao recalled the scene of Xiao Qiang&nbsp; calling her name earlier and quickly fled.&nbsp; She was afraid that if she waited any&nbsp; longer, she wouldn't even be able to walk...&nbsp; After Lin Xuejiao left, Xiao Qiang carefully&nbsp; recalled the scene from just now, and couldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; help but feel helpless. However, when he&nbsp; thought of Lin Xuejiao's voluptuous figure,&nbsp;&nbsp; her black-stockinged legs, her impressive bust,&nbsp; and her sophisticated mature woman demeanor...&nbsp; Xiao Qiang felt that the thought that had&nbsp; just dissipated seemed to have re-emerged,&nbsp;&nbsp; and even became stronger! Lin Xuejiao went straight to the&nbsp; bathroom after returning to the lounge…&nbsp; Half an hour later, Lin Xuejiao, lying in&nbsp; bed, still couldn't fall asleep. She had&nbsp;&nbsp; disturbed her boss twice today without cause,&nbsp; which made her feel anxious and fearful.&nbsp; Picking up her phone, she found Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's QQ account. After hesitating&nbsp;&nbsp; for a long time, she decided to explain. "Mr. Xiao, I really didn't mean to today.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll definitely be more careful in the future&nbsp; and won't enter your room so casually..."&nbsp; Meanwhile, Xiao Qiang, after taking a shower, was&nbsp; eating the fruit and desserts that Lin Xuejiao&nbsp;&nbsp; had brought him to replenish his lost energy. Seeing that Xiao Qiang hadn't replied, Lin Xuejiao&nbsp;&nbsp; felt her body, which she had just washed with&nbsp; warm water, was getting hot again, so she threw&nbsp;&nbsp; her phone on the bed and went to the bathroom. Little did she know that in the instant she threw&nbsp;&nbsp; her phone, her finger inadvertently tapped&nbsp; "video call," and at that moment her phone&nbsp;&nbsp; was on silent mode, so there was no sound. Xiao Qiang had just finished his dessert when&nbsp;&nbsp; he heard his phone ring. He picked it up. "Huh? Why is she video chatting with me?"&nbsp; Although I was puzzled, I still answered the call,&nbsp; but the other end of the video was completely&nbsp;&nbsp; black, with nothing displayed. "Xuejiao?..."&nbsp; After calling out several times without receiving&nbsp; a response, Xiao Qiang concluded that Lin Xuejiao&nbsp;&nbsp; had accidentally clicked the video button. Just as I was about to hang up, the screen shook,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then a shapely, snow-white figure appeared&nbsp; on the screen, followed by Lin Xuejiao's panicked&nbsp;&nbsp; face, and then the video call was disconnected... Everything came in a hurry,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it left in a hurry too! Despite his brief visit, Xiao Qiang witnessed&nbsp;&nbsp; a scene that surprised and delighted him. Now Xiao Qiang was even more certain that&nbsp;&nbsp; the other party must have made&nbsp; the video request unintentionally.&nbsp; Meanwhile, inside another villa! Lin Xuejiao was already questioning&nbsp;&nbsp; her life. What was wrong with her today? How&nbsp; could she keep making such a basic mistake?&nbsp; "Won't this make President Xiao think I'm seducing&nbsp; him...? No, I have to explain this clearly..."&nbsp; On QQ, it said, "Mr. Xiao, that&nbsp; video call just now was accidentally&nbsp;&nbsp; initiated by me... it really was a coincidence..." Meanwhile, Xiao Qiang, lying in bed, was replaying&nbsp;&nbsp; the scene from the video he had just watched. "I guessed you pressed it&nbsp;&nbsp; accidentally too. It's okay..." Xiao Qiang is a womanizer, especially&nbsp;&nbsp; when it comes to mature women. He is practically&nbsp; powerless against them. After these series of&nbsp;&nbsp; coincidences, his mind is now filled with Lin&nbsp; Xuejiao's charming and alluring appearance.&nbsp; In addition, it's 11 p.m. now, and&nbsp; emotional thinking is taking over.&nbsp; "Xuejiao, your figure... is so good..." Xiao Qiang sent Lin Xuejiao such a message&nbsp;&nbsp; as if by some strange impulse. Meanwhile, Lin Xuejiao was also&nbsp;&nbsp; infected by Xiao Qiang's bold conversation,&nbsp; thinking, "What's the use of being good..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang caught a hint of Lin Xuejiao's&nbsp; complaints about life in her words.&nbsp; "it works…" Two daring individuals, under the cover of&nbsp; night, engaged in conversation, sensing each&nbsp;&nbsp; other's desires. Until 5 a.m.!&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao was exhausted, and the ambiguous&nbsp; affair under the night sky finally came to an end.&nbsp; What did the two talk about? No one knows. Chapter 155 Outrageous Bargaining The next day, Xiao Qiang arrived&nbsp;&nbsp; at Liu Wei's office early in the morning,&nbsp; accompanied by Li Qifeng, the legal director&nbsp;&nbsp; of Qiangsheng Group. Two middle-aged men, both&nbsp; around 50 years old, also arrived together.&nbsp; "Secretary Liu, it's been a long time!" Both of them took the initiative to greet Liu Wei.&nbsp; Although Liu Wei was a secretary, he was&nbsp; the chief secretary to the leader, which,&nbsp;&nbsp; according to administrative rank,&nbsp; made him a ministerial-level cadre.&nbsp; Both the heads of state-owned enterprises had to&nbsp; be humble and cautious in front of Liu Wei, both&nbsp;&nbsp; for their own sake and for public reasons. "Mr. Zhao, Mr. Wang, let's get&nbsp;&nbsp; acquainted. This is Xiao Qiang." The three nodded and shook hands&nbsp;&nbsp; with each other, but the two CEOs were quite&nbsp; shocked. They never expected that the person&nbsp;&nbsp; who wanted to acquire their two companies&nbsp; would be a young man of about 20 years old.&nbsp; So the two of them couldn't help but&nbsp; start guessing Xiao Qiang's identity.&nbsp; "Now that all three parties are&nbsp; here, let's get down to business."&nbsp; Xiaoqiang, in the information I gave&nbsp; you, the equity transfer price and&nbsp;&nbsp; the employee buyout compensation standards&nbsp; for both companies are already very clear.&nbsp; It just so happens that both company CEOs are&nbsp; present; in business, it's all about setting a&nbsp;&nbsp; price on the spot and negotiating on the spot. If you feel there's anything inappropriate,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can mention it to the two bosses. They&nbsp; certainly won't bully the younger ones, right?&nbsp; The three of them burst into laughter. It&nbsp; was probably the first time that a business&nbsp;&nbsp; negotiation had been discussed&nbsp; in the chief secretary's office .&nbsp; Zhao Jianhua, general manager of the 513&nbsp; Aerospace Institute, and Wang Tianlai,&nbsp;&nbsp; general manager of the China Aero Engine Research&nbsp; Institute, are both extremely shrewd people.&nbsp; Before they arrived, the two had reached&nbsp; a consensus that since the restructuring&nbsp;&nbsp; was strongly promoted by the leader,&nbsp; the equity transfer price could not be&nbsp;&nbsp; much higher than the appraised value. There&nbsp; was also a personal consideration involved.&nbsp; Now that the leader's secretary&nbsp; has said "repay the money on the&nbsp;&nbsp; spot" to their faces, they instantly understand. And the other party is a young man around 20 years&nbsp;&nbsp; old. Could he be the descendant of a big shot? Zhao Jianhua spoke first, "Yes, Xiaoqiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; apart from the buyout of employees'&nbsp; seniority, which has a lower limit clearly&nbsp;&nbsp; stipulated by the state, that cannot be broken." The price of the equity transaction is negotiable!&nbsp; Wang Tianlai immediately nodded,&nbsp; "Yes, yes, that's what I meant too."&nbsp; Liu Wei nodded; these two were at least sensible. The three men fixed their gazes on Xiao Qiang.&nbsp;&nbsp; "We've given you the initiative in the&nbsp; negotiations. You can set your price,&nbsp;&nbsp; just don't make it too outrageous." Xiao Qiang pondered for a moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; then muttered to himself, "The Xishan Province 513&nbsp;&nbsp; Aerospace Institute covers an area of 500 mu&nbsp; and has two helicopter engine production lines,&nbsp;&nbsp; as well as several other fixed assets.&nbsp; The equity is valued at 150 million yuan."&nbsp; The China Aero Engine Research&nbsp; Institute covers an area of 1,500 mu,&nbsp;&nbsp; has 5 production lines for military fighter&nbsp; jet engines, and several other fixed assets.&nbsp;&nbsp; The equity is valued at 600 million yuan. The buyout of employees' seniority at both&nbsp;&nbsp; factories will be based on the average&nbsp; wage of the previous 12 months, with a&nbsp;&nbsp; one-time subsidy of 24 months' wages. The two kings nodded in unison, "Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; young people have excellent memories..." Both of them were waiting for Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; to negotiate the price down, hoping&nbsp; that he wouldn't cut it to the bone,&nbsp;&nbsp; otherwise they would be in a difficult position. "Let me share my thoughts and suggestions..."&nbsp; The Xishan 513 Aerospace Institute is located&nbsp; in the Xishan Comprehensive Reform Demonstration&nbsp;&nbsp; Zone, which is a key area for Xishan's economic&nbsp; development. According to our research,&nbsp;&nbsp; the land transfer price in the area has reached&nbsp; 3 million yuan per mu, which means that the&nbsp;&nbsp; land value alone has reached 150 million yuan. In addition to fixed assets, production lines…&nbsp; The other three became increasingly confused.&nbsp; "This isn't right. This doesn't sound like&nbsp;&nbsp; someone haggling over a price." Are you using your bargaining&nbsp;&nbsp; knife in the wrong direction? Amidst the three men's questioning gazes,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang made the final decision, "In&nbsp; conclusion, our Qiangsheng Group's final&nbsp;&nbsp; acquisition offer for the Xishan Province&nbsp; 513 Aerospace Institute is 210 million..."&nbsp; Similarly, for the Nan'an Aero Engine Research&nbsp; Institute, our final quote was 780 million…&nbsp; "Three leaders, do you think this is appropriate?" At this moment, the three of them looked at Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang with eyes full of confusion and doubt. That's a really good price negotiation!&nbsp; Is this person an idiot? In an instant, the King of&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhao and his companion had many thoughts. Even Liu Wei was wondering at this moment&nbsp;&nbsp; if Xiao Qiang had a fever last&nbsp; night and damaged his brain.&nbsp; But judging from his expression and&nbsp; demeanor, it doesn't seem like it!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's shrewd maneuver completely&nbsp; baffled the two bosses, Zhao and Wang.&nbsp; The two of them turned to look at Liu&nbsp; Wei, who was sitting in the main seat,&nbsp;&nbsp; as if asking what to do next. "Xiaoqiang, are you sure&nbsp;&nbsp; your calculations are correct?" "Brother Liu, no problem, we have arranged&nbsp;&nbsp; for professional personnel to verify it." Upon hearing the way Xiao Qiang and&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Wei addressed each other, Zhao and Wang&nbsp; immediately lost their composure. "Calling him&nbsp;&nbsp; 'Big Brother'? Could he be a friend of Secretary&nbsp; Liu? But the two of them are so far apart in age!"&nbsp; Liu Wei was also helpless. He had hinted at it so&nbsp; much, but Xiao Qiang still wouldn't take the bait.&nbsp; He couldn't very well say something like, "Xiao&nbsp; Qiang, are you out of your mind? When you're&nbsp;&nbsp; bargaining, you don't cut off your own share.&nbsp; What you're saving now is what you're earning.&nbsp;&nbsp; Don't you understand such a simple principle?" "Mr. Zhao, Mr. Wang, now that Xiaoqiang has&nbsp;&nbsp; also given you a quote, do you think&nbsp; Qiangsheng's quote is appropriate?"&nbsp; The two men, King Zhao and King Zhao, were&nbsp; utterly bewildered. How should they respond?&nbsp; Is it suitable or unsuitable? The reason it's suitable is that the other party's&nbsp;&nbsp; offer is essentially a premium on top of the&nbsp; existing asset price, so it's definitely suitable!&nbsp; But the problem with him is that he's essentially&nbsp; taking advantage of his superiors and friends.&nbsp; Trying to profit from this kind of&nbsp; exploitation is risky! Extremely risky!&nbsp; The two men, Zhao and Wang, looked to&nbsp; Liu Wei for help again, feeling troubled.&nbsp; Liu Wei was unaware that his words had, to some&nbsp; extent, misled the two CEOs' decision-making.&nbsp; "You're the top executives of the company,&nbsp; why are you staring at me like that?"&nbsp; Whether it's suitable or not, it's your decision! Xiao Qiang then spoke up, "If you two feel it's&nbsp;&nbsp; not quite right, we can add some more..." "No need, it's fine. The price you just quoted&nbsp;&nbsp; was perfect... please don't increase it..." Now Liu Wei and Xiao Qiang are speechless.&nbsp; "Since that's a good fit, let's talk&nbsp; about the buyout of employees' seniority.&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiaoqiang, what are your thoughts..." "We will conduct a skills assessment of&nbsp; the 217 employees of the 513 Aerospace&nbsp;&nbsp; Institute in Xishan Province. Those&nbsp; who are competent will be retained."&nbsp; For those whose abilities are not up&nbsp; to standard, a one-time subsidy of 48&nbsp;&nbsp; months' salary will be provided, based on&nbsp; the average salary of the past 12 months.&nbsp; Furthermore, the 513 Aerospace Institute and&nbsp; our affiliated Huaxia Traditional Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; Medicine Clinic are not far apart, so laid-off&nbsp; workers can work at Huaxia Traditional Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; Medicine Clinic nearby. The salaries and&nbsp; benefits for our Huaxia Traditional Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; Medicine Clinic employees are quite generous…” Mr. Zhao, the general manager of the 513 Aerospace&nbsp;&nbsp; Institute, was surprised: "Is Huaxia Traditional&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Hall also owned by Mr. Xiao?"&nbsp; "I am one of the founders..." Zhao Jianhua was surprised. Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Hall is now a well-known&nbsp; enterprise nationwide, and a star enterprise&nbsp;&nbsp; that is a household name in Xishan Province. A 10,000-mu industrial park with such a&nbsp;&nbsp; large-scale enterprise is one&nbsp; of the top in the country.&nbsp; Xishan contributes significantly to the province's&nbsp; GDP, accounting for 92% of the province's GDP.&nbsp; What's even more impressive is that Xishan&nbsp; Province is now almost entirely engaged in&nbsp;&nbsp; the cultivation of Chinese medicinal herbs and&nbsp; has signed a price-guaranteed supply and sales&nbsp;&nbsp; contract with Huazhong Chinese Medicine Hospital. Farmers' incomes increased several times over.&nbsp; Moreover, Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine&nbsp; Clinic is known for its high employee benefits,&nbsp;&nbsp; with the average salary of grassroots&nbsp; employees reaching 7,000 yuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; plus five social insurances and one housing fund. Now, young people in Xishan are proud to enter&nbsp;&nbsp; Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Clinic,&nbsp; and graduates from medical colleges across&nbsp;&nbsp; the country choose to enter Huaxia Traditional&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Clinic as their first choice. Chapter 156 $200 Million Worth of "Junk" Zhao Jianhua was overjoyed. Before coming here,&nbsp;&nbsp; his biggest worry was the buyout&nbsp; of employees' seniority. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang had doubled the one-time seniority&nbsp; allowance based on the national standard.&nbsp; He also promised to let laid-off workers enter&nbsp; Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Clinic,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he was confident that the&nbsp; employees would have no objections.&nbsp; “No problem, Mr. Xiao. On behalf of all&nbsp; the staff of the 513 Aerospace Institute,&nbsp;&nbsp; I agree to your terms.” Seeing that Director Zhao of&nbsp;&nbsp; the 513 Aerospace Institute had agreed, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang turned his gaze to Wang Tianlai of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Aero Engine Propulsion Research Institute. "Mr. Wang, we currently do not have any&nbsp;&nbsp; industrial presence in Nan'an City, so we&nbsp; cannot provide re-employment opportunities&nbsp;&nbsp; for our employees like Institute 513 does." However, we are willing to provide 120 months&nbsp;&nbsp; of service as a one-time compensation. Xiao Qiang's extravagant gesture once&nbsp;&nbsp; again shocked the three people present. They really are someone who doesn't lack money!&nbsp; Ultimately, Zhao and Wang contacted the&nbsp; unions of various factories on the spot,&nbsp;&nbsp; organized the employees to vote on the&nbsp; spot, and obtained unanimous approval.&nbsp; The three parties immediately&nbsp; signed an equity transfer agreement!&nbsp; Since Qiangsheng Industrial Manufacturing&nbsp; Bureau Group Co., Ltd. has not yet completed&nbsp;&nbsp; its company registration, the&nbsp; equity transfer will be temporarily&nbsp;&nbsp; conducted in the name of Qiangsheng Group. After the cooperation agreement was successfully&nbsp;&nbsp; signed, Xiao Qiang insisted on inviting Wang,&nbsp; Zhao, and Liu Wei to his Yihe Courtyard Villa.&nbsp; Thanks to Lao Wang and several other five-star&nbsp; chefs who worked day and night for several days,&nbsp;&nbsp; they finally recreated 21 famous dishes&nbsp; from the Manchu Han Imperial Feast.&nbsp; At the dinner table, there was&nbsp; naturally a lively atmosphere of&nbsp;&nbsp; clinking glasses and exchanging toasts! After returning to work in the afternoon,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Wei immediately reported to his superior&nbsp; about Xiao Qiang's "bargaining" that morning.&nbsp; The leader initially looked puzzled,&nbsp; but then burst into laughter.&nbsp; Liu Wei asked, "Commander,&nbsp; what are you laughing at?"&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang is a shrewd guy,&nbsp; do you think he's stupid?"&nbsp; Liu Wei shook his head. "Can an idiot&nbsp; become the top scorer in the national&nbsp;&nbsp; college entrance examination?" "This kid isn't willing to&nbsp;&nbsp; take advantage of the country!" After hearing what the leader said,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Wei seemed to have figured things out. "This kid would rather lose some of his&nbsp;&nbsp; own interests than let the interests of&nbsp; the country or the workers be harmed."&nbsp; Now I finally understand why he invested&nbsp; such a huge amount of money in the research&nbsp;&nbsp; and development of aero engines. Just as he said, he really wanted&nbsp;&nbsp; to serve his country! As the leader spoke,&nbsp;&nbsp; his words were filled with emotion. Suddenly, the leader's expression&nbsp;&nbsp; turned stern, and he shouted loudly, "With such young people in China, a prosperous&nbsp;&nbsp; and strong nation is just around the corner!" Meanwhile, the first batch of 45 senior&nbsp; engineers from Uzbekistan have arrived at&nbsp;&nbsp; Yanjing Airport and boarded the high-speed train&nbsp; to Longcheng, the capital of Xishan Province.&nbsp; During this period, a dedicated person was in&nbsp; charge of their travel arrangements. In Longcheng,&nbsp;&nbsp; Yu Ming arranged for the regional general&nbsp; manager of Longcheng to provide full reception&nbsp;&nbsp; and directly check them into a five-star hotel&nbsp; owned by Qiangsheng Real Estate in Longcheng.&nbsp; They would wait until all the engineer immigrants&nbsp; arrived in Dragon City before deciding which&nbsp;&nbsp; ones would stay in Dragon City and which ones&nbsp; would go to South City, based on their needs.&nbsp; In Ukraine. A presidential suite in a five-star hotel.&nbsp; A man wearing a baseball cap, his face&nbsp; completely obscured, knocked on the door.&nbsp; After the door opened, the man looked&nbsp; around before entering the room.&nbsp; The man removed his sunglasses, mask, and&nbsp; baseball cap, revealing his true face.&nbsp; This man was none other than Akakhanlav,&nbsp; the general manager of Madagascar Sich.&nbsp; "Hello, you must be Ms. Li. You are so&nbsp; beautiful. What kind of business would&nbsp;&nbsp; you like to do with me?" The two people in the&nbsp;&nbsp; room were Li Muyao and Su Rui. Li Muyao smiled happily, "Of course, it's&nbsp;&nbsp; business that will interest Mr. Akakhanlav..." As she spoke, Li Muyao gave Su Rui a wink,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Su Rui immediately brought out a large black&nbsp; leather suitcase from the room and opened it.&nbsp; Akakhanav watched Suri's actions with suspicion&nbsp; until the box was opened, at which point he&nbsp;&nbsp; couldn't help but exclaim in surprise. “Mr. Akhanrav, here is 3 million&nbsp;&nbsp; US dollars, to show you our sincerity&nbsp; in seeking cooperation with you.”&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Akakhanrav's&nbsp; breathing immediately became rapid.&nbsp; "What...what kind of business&nbsp; do you want to do with me?"&nbsp; "I need to buy some junk from you!" The clever Akakhanlav immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; understood, and so he asked calmly,&nbsp; "What kind of junk do you want to buy?"&nbsp; There are two items in total. First, there's your company's&nbsp;&nbsp; ultra-large aircraft engine die-casting machine… As soon as Li Muyao finished speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; Akhanlav's face darkened. It is important to know that there are only five&nbsp;&nbsp; ultra-large integrated die-casting machines&nbsp; used to produce aircraft engines in the world:&nbsp;&nbsp; two in the United States, one in the United&nbsp; Kingdom, one in Ukraine, and one in the&nbsp;&nbsp; United Kingdom. Moreover, this kind of core&nbsp; high-end equipment is never exported or leased.&nbsp; It's easy to imagine how&nbsp; precious this equipment is.&nbsp; "What's the other one?" Akhanlav asked with a livid face, while inwardly&nbsp;&nbsp; sighing, "This money is hard to earn today!" Li Muyao saw through the other person's&nbsp;&nbsp; expression, but he wasn't worried at all, and&nbsp; continued, "Engine high-altitude test platform..."&nbsp; Akakhanlav was speechless after&nbsp; hearing this, and sighed inwardly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You really know how to choose..." The engine high-altitude test platform is a key&nbsp;&nbsp; piece of equipment for simulating high-altitude&nbsp; tests after the engine is successfully developed,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it is also controlled by these few countries. India once developed a civilian aircraft engine,&nbsp;&nbsp; but because it lacked a high-altitude&nbsp; testing platform, it had to transport&nbsp;&nbsp; the engine to the United States for testing. It was only because the Great Bear Country&nbsp;&nbsp; was really short of money that they agreed to let&nbsp; India test their engines; otherwise, even if you&nbsp;&nbsp; had money, no one would be willing to help. "How is it, Mr. Akhanlav?"&nbsp; "Impossible. These two items are the lifeblood of&nbsp; Madagascar, we can't possibly sell them to you..."&nbsp; "Mr. Akhanlav, don't jump&nbsp; to conclusions so quickly!"&nbsp; "How do you know it's impossible if&nbsp; you haven't even heard our offer?"&nbsp; Seeing Akhanlav's darting eyes,&nbsp; Li Muyao continued speaking.&nbsp; "Your company's integrated die-casting&nbsp; machine and high-altitude testing&nbsp;&nbsp; platform were damaged in an explosion,&nbsp; but they can still be used after repairs."&nbsp; However, some people say that the two devices were&nbsp; blown to pieces in the explosion, rendering them&nbsp;&nbsp; unusable and only fit to be disposed of as scrap. At this point, a foreign businessman is willing to&nbsp;&nbsp; pay $200 million to buy a pile of junk.&nbsp; Wouldn't you say that's a great deal?&nbsp; Li Muyao spoke leisurely, as if telling a story. Upon hearing this, Akakhanav's eyes lit up, and&nbsp;&nbsp; he thought to himself, "200 million US dollars?" Keep in mind that this equipment was replaced last&nbsp;&nbsp; year, costing a total of only $150 million,&nbsp; and it has been in use for another year.&nbsp; The other party actually offered 200 million. Moreover, the other party seems to have devised&nbsp;&nbsp; a very good way to cover their tracks. Akakhanav knew there were risks involved,&nbsp;&nbsp; after all, the higher-ups had repeatedly&nbsp; warned that this kind of equipment was&nbsp;&nbsp; not allowed to be exported. But then he thought again,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Aren't the rules made by people? As&nbsp; long as the profit margin is big enough,&nbsp;&nbsp; what's so difficult about silencing&nbsp; them with a small amount of money?" Chapter 157 Exquisite Young Woman Akakhanlav shamelessly got tempted. The&nbsp;&nbsp; integrated die-casting machine and high-altitude&nbsp; experimental platform that were "destroyed" should&nbsp;&nbsp; be sold for 50 million US dollars, which should&nbsp; be considered an astronomical price, right?&nbsp; If we spend another $100 million to&nbsp; smooth things over, no one should care!&nbsp; What about the remaining 50 million US dollars? At this thought, Akakhanlav was overjoyed.&nbsp; "How do you transport all that scrap metal?&nbsp; Those things are enormous steel behemoths..."&nbsp; "Mr. Akhanlav need not worry about this. We have&nbsp; already arranged 80 large transport vehicles,&nbsp;&nbsp; 10 cranes, 300 professional dismantling&nbsp; personnel, and 500 packing personnel."&nbsp; They can transfer these two large pieces&nbsp; of equipment onto the transport vehicle&nbsp;&nbsp; within three hours. Akakhanlav was alarmed;&nbsp;&nbsp; it turned out the other party had come&nbsp; prepared and was certain he would accept.&nbsp; "How will you pay?" "After the equipment is&nbsp;&nbsp; dismantled and loaded onto the train, 50 million&nbsp; will be paid. After the equipment is inspected and&nbsp;&nbsp; accepted by the Ukrainian Railway Administration&nbsp; and loaded onto the train, another 50 million will&nbsp;&nbsp; be paid. The remaining 100 million will&nbsp; be paid after the train enters China."&nbsp; Akakhanlav expressed his&nbsp; understanding and nodded silently.&nbsp; Akakhanlav looked relieved once the&nbsp; major rules and regulations were set.&nbsp; He was a greedy and lecherous middle-aged&nbsp; man with many ways to make money,&nbsp;&nbsp; and now he had some crooked ideas. Akakhanrav stared at Li Muyao with&nbsp;&nbsp; lustful eyes. "Mr. Li, the night is long.&nbsp; Why don't I invite Miss Li to go out and&nbsp;&nbsp; see the beautiful night view of our country?" Li Muyao's eyes flashed with disdain and anger,&nbsp;&nbsp; while Su Rui's eyes were also&nbsp; full of ruthlessness. Fortunately,&nbsp;&nbsp; they had made preparations in advance based&nbsp; on the information given by Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; She clapped her hands, and three stunning&nbsp; Ukrainian women in bikinis walked out from&nbsp;&nbsp; the inner room of the suite. When&nbsp; Akakhanlav saw the three women,&nbsp;&nbsp; his eyes almost popped out of their sockets. "Mr. Akhanlav, there are still two hours&nbsp;&nbsp; until 10 p.m. I hope you have a&nbsp; good time and enjoy yourself."&nbsp; We've prepared everything for you, the&nbsp; person setting off the "fireworks." I hope&nbsp;&nbsp; to see beautiful "fireworks" tonight at 11 pm! Akhanrav was only thinking about having sex with&nbsp;&nbsp; these stunning beauties as soon as possible,&nbsp; so he readily agreed, "No problem, Mr. Li,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can rest assured." On the same night, some are&nbsp; busy while others are worried!&nbsp; After strolling around Yenching University&nbsp; hand in hand with Liu Qingyuan that evening,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang returned to Yihe Villa. If it weren't for his own plans to give Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; Qingyuan a formal "courtship" ceremony, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; would have already taken things to the next level.&nbsp; Imagine asking a seasoned driver with 20 or 30&nbsp; years of experience to practice driving theory&nbsp;&nbsp; test first. Who could stand that? Xiao Qiang lay on the spacious bed,&nbsp;&nbsp; unable to sleep. Thinking back to the&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely ambiguous conversation I had with Lin&nbsp; Xuejiao last night when my emotions overwhelmed&nbsp;&nbsp; my reason, and the glimpse of that mature&nbsp; and beautiful woman I had inadvertently seen.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang could no longer remain calm,&nbsp; and his mouth instantly became dry.&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao's condition wasn't much better at&nbsp; the moment. After last night, she felt her body&nbsp;&nbsp; being awakened again, and the desires deep in&nbsp; her heart were burning even more intensely.&nbsp; Suddenly, her QQ account&nbsp; started buzzing with activity.&nbsp; Upon seeing that familiar profile picture,&nbsp; her body trembled, and she immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; opened the chat window. "I'm a little hungry..."&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao looked excited, immediately got out&nbsp; of bed, put on yoga pants, then put on a long,&nbsp;&nbsp; thin down jacket, and took her midnight&nbsp; snack to the villa where Xiao Qiang was.&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao went directly&nbsp; into Xiao Qiang's bedroom.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stared intently at the&nbsp; incredibly alluring and stunningly&nbsp;&nbsp; beautiful woman before him, recalling the&nbsp; intimate scene from the previous night.&nbsp; The infatuated young man, who had just practiced&nbsp; the Marrow Cleansing and Aphrodisiac Technique,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the mature woman, whose body was already fully&nbsp; ripe, quickly became attracted to each other.&nbsp; Meanwhile, inside the Madagascar Sich&nbsp; company, a violent explosion suddenly&nbsp;&nbsp; erupted, the sound truly deafening... Young people don't know the value of&nbsp;&nbsp; married women, and mistakenly&nbsp; take young girls for treasures!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang would not make such a mistake. Soon, under Xiao Qiang's guidance, Lin Xuejiao&nbsp;&nbsp; was busy moving from room to room in the villa. At this time, the vast factory area of&nbsp;&nbsp; Madagascar Sich was bustling with people&nbsp; and vehicles, creating a lively night scene.&nbsp; Hundreds of workers were divided into two groups,&nbsp; dismantling or packing in front of two huge pieces&nbsp;&nbsp; of equipment, creating a lively scene. At 2 a.m., the roar of heavy trucks&nbsp;&nbsp; filled the factory area as 80 trucks headed&nbsp; in unison toward the Ukrainian railway hub.&nbsp; At that moment, Akakhanav also received&nbsp; a notification from the company's finance&nbsp;&nbsp; department that $50 million had&nbsp; been deposited into his account.&nbsp; Akhanlav lay leisurely on the&nbsp; office sofa, feeling utterly&nbsp;&nbsp; drained and weak from the intense battle... At 3:30 a.m., all 80-plus containers were&nbsp;&nbsp; loaded onto the train. With the sound of&nbsp; the train whistle, the special transport&nbsp;&nbsp; train finally set sail and entered the&nbsp; territory of Northeast China at 7:10 a.m.&nbsp; Akakhanaf's personal account also&nbsp; received the huge sum of $150 million.&nbsp; Just as he was about to take a nap, his phone&nbsp; rang urgently again. He forced himself to&nbsp;&nbsp; open his eyes. "Raymond?"&nbsp; "Why is this stupid American&nbsp; guy contacting me so early?"&nbsp; Now that his pockets are bulging, Akkhalav&nbsp; has no interest in the meager three to&nbsp;&nbsp; five million dollars Raymond promised. "Hello? Calling so early, don't you get&nbsp;&nbsp; any sleep? Besides, don't you know there's&nbsp; an old Chinese saying, 'Disturbing someone's&nbsp;&nbsp; sleep is like killing their parents'?" Do I have such a deep grudge against you?&nbsp; Raymond was startled, finding the other&nbsp; man's rude tone very unsettling. Was&nbsp;&nbsp; this still the same timid and submissive&nbsp; Akhanlav from before? But at this moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; Raymond couldn't afford to dwell on such matters. What happened at your factory last night?&nbsp; Akakhanlav frowned. "The worker's carelessness&nbsp; caused the explosion. What happened...?"&nbsp; "What equipment was blown up?" "Integrated die-casting machine and high-altitude&nbsp;&nbsp; experimental platform, what are you trying to do?&nbsp; If there's nothing else, I'm going to sleep..."&nbsp; Raymond nearly had a stroke upon hearing this. It turns out that Raymond was a commercial spy&nbsp;&nbsp; sent by Lockheed Martin, a major&nbsp; US arms manufacturer. He bribed&nbsp;&nbsp; Akakhanlav to suppress Madagascar Sich&nbsp; in order to drive down its stock price.&nbsp; Lockheed Martin, meanwhile, seized the&nbsp; opportunity to acquire shares of the&nbsp;&nbsp; company in the secondary market and from its&nbsp; major shareholders, aiming to gain control.&nbsp; After six months of operations, they have&nbsp; acquired a 48% stake in Madagascar Sich,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they will be able to gain control of&nbsp; the company in just a few more trading days.&nbsp; At that time, they could then restructure the&nbsp; board of directors and take the opportunity to&nbsp;&nbsp; privatize Madagascar Sich, turning it&nbsp; into a subsidiary of Lockheed Martin. Chapter 158 Mission Accomplished But recent events have left&nbsp;&nbsp; Raymond completely bewildered: a large&nbsp; number of key engineers have resigned,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a massive explosion occurred last night! Lockheed Martin's strategic intent in acquiring&nbsp;&nbsp; Madagascar Sich was to gain access to these&nbsp; engineers and control the company's strategic R&D&nbsp;&nbsp; equipment, among which the integrated die-casting&nbsp; machine and high-altitude experimental platform&nbsp;&nbsp; held the highest strategic importance. When Raymond heard that these two pieces&nbsp;&nbsp; of equipment of paramount strategic importance had&nbsp; exploded, he was immediately thrown into a panic.&nbsp; "What? The integrated die-casting machine and the&nbsp; high-altitude experimental platform exploded?"&nbsp; How serious is it? What is the extent&nbsp; of the damage? Can it be repaired?&nbsp; "Are you stupid? With such a loud explosion,&nbsp; do you think it wasn't serious? It's all&nbsp;&nbsp; turned into scrap metal. We sold the&nbsp; scrap metal while it was still hot..."&nbsp; Raymond nearly fell over, losing his balance.&nbsp; "What?! You've already sold the scrap metal?&nbsp;&nbsp; Where did you sell it to? Get it back right now!" Akakhanlav yawned twice. "The train carrying&nbsp;&nbsp; scrap metal has already arrived in China. If&nbsp; you want to get some, go to China yourself.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's all... I'm going to sleep now..." Raymond was completely dumbfounded as&nbsp;&nbsp; he listened to the dial tone. China? Raymond, with his keen political sense,&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately realized this was no ordinary&nbsp; matter and promptly dialed the number of the&nbsp;&nbsp; head of the M Federal Secret Service in Ukraine. "Chelsea, immediately send someone to verify&nbsp;&nbsp; the whereabouts of the 45 senior&nbsp; engineers from Madagascar Sich..."&nbsp; Raymond was on tenterhooks. Two strategic&nbsp; pieces of equipment had disappeared,&nbsp;&nbsp; and if the 45 senior engineers also met with an&nbsp; accident, the shares of Madagascar Sich that the&nbsp;&nbsp; company had acquired at a cost of billions of&nbsp; dollars would become worthless scraps of paper.&nbsp; Half an hour later, Raymond nervously&nbsp; answered Chelsea's call, his voice trembling&nbsp;&nbsp; uncontrollably. "How is it?"&nbsp; "Those 45 senior engineers took a flight&nbsp; to China the night before last, and..."&nbsp; Raymond's heart skipped a beat. "And what?" "Moreover, the family members of those 45&nbsp;&nbsp; senior engineers also went to China..." If Raymond still didn't understand what&nbsp;&nbsp; was happening, then he wouldn't deserve&nbsp; to have been chosen by Lockheed Martin to&nbsp;&nbsp; handle the acquisition of Madagascar Sich. "Chelsea, are you all incompetent? I told&nbsp;&nbsp; you to keep a close eye on those 45&nbsp; players, and look what's happened!&nbsp;&nbsp; They left Ukraine the day before yesterday,&nbsp; and you're still completely in the dark..."&nbsp; Although Chelsea was an agent of the M Federation&nbsp; Special Service, he was sent to Ukraine by his&nbsp;&nbsp; superiors to fully cooperate with Raymond's&nbsp; work. Therefore, although he was also very angry,&nbsp;&nbsp; he dared not resist Raymond's scolding. After venting his anger, Raymond calmed&nbsp;&nbsp; down. "Chelsea, quickly ascertain&nbsp; the whereabouts of the remaining 380&nbsp;&nbsp; mid-level engineers at Madagascar Sicchi. We&nbsp; must ensure they don't leave Uzbekistan..."&nbsp; After hanging up the phone, Raymond paced back&nbsp; and forth in the room, clearly extremely agitated.&nbsp; He immediately dialed Akkhalav again.&nbsp; Akkhalav, disturbed from his sleep,&nbsp;&nbsp; yelled into the receiver, "Raymond, you&nbsp; son without an anus, I'm telling you,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't want your 3 million dollars! Get the&nbsp; hell out of here, don't disturb my sleep..."&nbsp; Raymond was just recovering from his shock and was&nbsp; about to start yelling when the other party hung&nbsp;&nbsp; up, which almost made Raymond vomit blood. Before he could even catch his breath,&nbsp;&nbsp; Chelsea called. "Raymond, I have some bad news for you."&nbsp; Of the 380 intermediate engineers,&nbsp; 368, along with their families,&nbsp;&nbsp; left Ukraine last night by plane, cruise&nbsp; ship, and train. Their destination is…China…&nbsp; This seemed to be the last&nbsp; straw that broke Raymond's back,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he vomited out a mouthful of old blood. That same afternoon, Li Muyao, Su Rui,&nbsp;&nbsp; and others boarded a flight back to China. Akakhanlav, fast asleep, had no idea that&nbsp;&nbsp; he was about to face Lockheed&nbsp; Martin’s relentless retaliation.&nbsp; Even the classic saying of Uncle Benshan, "The&nbsp; person dies before the money is spent," happened&nbsp;&nbsp; to him. The situation in Ukraine did not affect Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's peaceful sleep in the slightest.&nbsp; Because yesterday's battle was so intense, Lin&nbsp; Xuejiao didn't open her sleepy eyes until 10 a.m.&nbsp; "Sister Xuejiao, you're awake?" While Lin Xuejiao was still in a daze,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang walked in from outside,&nbsp; carrying a sumptuous breakfast.&nbsp; Although they had been intimate the night before,&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao, having regained her composure, still&nbsp;&nbsp; wore an expression that betrayed her shyness. "Mr. Xiao, we..."&nbsp; "Sister Xuejiao, just call me Xiaoqiang when&nbsp; we're not around. You're already my woman...&nbsp;&nbsp; why are you being so formal?" Xiao Qiang's words made Lin&nbsp;&nbsp; Xuejiao blush instantly, "But&nbsp; I'm so much older than you..."&nbsp; I like older sisters like you. Look how great your figure is,&nbsp;&nbsp; how smooth your skin is… Xiao Qiang's undisguised and unconventional praise&nbsp;&nbsp; made Lin Xuejiao even more shy and embarrassed;&nbsp; she had never experienced such praise before.&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao wanted to say something more,&nbsp; but Xiao Qiang interrupted her directly.&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao left Xiao Qiang's villa&nbsp; after the sun was high in the sky!&nbsp; That evening, a train carrying&nbsp; 80 containers stopped at the Long&nbsp;&nbsp; Thanh Railway Bureau in Tay Son province. These containers were then transported by&nbsp;&nbsp; heavy trucks to the factory area&nbsp; of the 513 Aerospace Institute.&nbsp; All security personnel from the Xishan branch of&nbsp; Qiangsheng Security Company have been stationed&nbsp;&nbsp; there to guard these hard-won "junk" items. An hour later, the flight from Yanjing to&nbsp;&nbsp; Longcheng landed, and Li Muyao, Su Rui, Kulishenko&nbsp; and others got off one after another and then&nbsp;&nbsp; checked into the Qiangsheng Group's hotel. The next morning, Xiao Qiang, accompanied&nbsp;&nbsp; by his assistant, drove to Longcheng,&nbsp; Xishan Province, along with Yang Bin.&nbsp; Since we've decided to give this friend a big&nbsp; job, we must let him be deeply involved in the&nbsp;&nbsp; company's growth from nothing to something, from&nbsp; weak to strong. It doesn't matter if he doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; understand or know anything; he can learn slowly. As my closest friend, Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; I will give you ample time to grow and&nbsp; learn, as well as plenty of resources.&nbsp; Two kilometers away from the 513 Aerospace&nbsp; Institute, in the Huaxia Traditional Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; Medicine Hall Industrial Park, the three&nbsp; brothers Fu Hao, Ming Xing, and Niu Bi are&nbsp;&nbsp; inspecting the construction progress of the&nbsp; second, third, and fourth phases of the project.&nbsp; Hao Niubi suddenly said, "Hey guys, have you&nbsp; heard? Apparently, some rich kid bought the 513&nbsp;&nbsp; Aerospace Institute over there, and they're going&nbsp; to do aero-engine research and development..."&nbsp; Dong Mingxing: "Idiot. That rich kid is an&nbsp; absolute idiot. How much money does it cost&nbsp;&nbsp; to develop an aero-engine?" "We're all pretty rich now,&nbsp;&nbsp; none of us dared to dream of it." Fu Hao: "That guy's head must&nbsp;&nbsp; have been squeezed by a door..." Meanwhile, at the Longcheng International&nbsp;&nbsp; Convention and Exhibition Center, where a thousand&nbsp; people were preparing to hold the launch meeting&nbsp;&nbsp; for the Qiangsheng Industrial Manufacturing&nbsp; Bureau, Xiao Qiang kept sneezing , unable to stop. Chapter 159 Returning Home to Visit Relatives According to Xiao Qiang's vision, Qiangsheng&nbsp;&nbsp; Industrial Manufacturing Bureau Group Co., Ltd.,&nbsp; as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Qiangsheng Group,&nbsp;&nbsp; will have subsidiaries for manufacturing&nbsp; aircraft engines, transport aircraft,&nbsp;&nbsp; special materials research and manufacturing,&nbsp; unmanned aerial vehicles, and new energy vehicles,&nbsp;&nbsp; as well as, in the future, when conditions&nbsp; permit, exploring joint research and development&nbsp;&nbsp; and manufacturing of various types of&nbsp; military fighter jets with the state.&nbsp; At this point, the conditions for launching&nbsp; the project were met, namely the research and&nbsp;&nbsp; development and manufacturing of aero engines. The participants in the launch ceremony of&nbsp;&nbsp; the Qiangsheng Industrial Manufacturing&nbsp; Bureau included more than 400 mid-to-senior&nbsp;&nbsp; level engineers from Madagascar Sich, 30&nbsp; mid-to-senior level managers recruited by&nbsp;&nbsp; the Qiangsheng Group's Human Resources&nbsp; Department, and 125 local engineers.&nbsp; For the immigration engineers who were the main&nbsp; participants in this conference, Qiangsheng&nbsp;&nbsp; Human Resources Department thoughtfully provided&nbsp; them with simultaneous interpretation equipment.&nbsp; At the meeting, Li Muyao, the group's general&nbsp; manager, announced the organizational structure&nbsp;&nbsp; of Qiangsheng Industrial Manufacturing Bureau,&nbsp; with Yang Bin appointed as president and&nbsp;&nbsp; concurrently as general manager of&nbsp; Qiangsheng Aero Engine Corporation.&nbsp; Kurishenko serves as the company's vice&nbsp; president and chief technology officer,&nbsp;&nbsp; responsible for product development. At the same time, it was announced&nbsp;&nbsp; that the headquarters of Qiangsheng Aero Engine&nbsp; Co., Ltd. will be located in Xishan Longcheng,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that it will invest 5 billion yuan to&nbsp; expand and renovate the existing factory area.&nbsp; Meanwhile, the factory area in Nan'an City was&nbsp; transformed into a strategic talent reserve base,&nbsp;&nbsp; recruiting top students from the Aviation&nbsp; Industry University of Nan'an City,&nbsp;&nbsp; who were mentored and trained by&nbsp; senior engineers such as Kulishenko,&nbsp;&nbsp; thus establishing a sound and&nbsp; scientific talent transfer mechanism.&nbsp; As a newcomer to the workplace, Yang Bin was&nbsp; suddenly promoted to such a high position,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he was now very cautious and&nbsp; felt like he was walking on thin ice.&nbsp; When it was his turn to speak, he even stammered&nbsp; and was extremely nervous, but at the crucial&nbsp;&nbsp; moment, Xiao Qiang came out to support him. "Yang Bin is my high school classmate,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he is a freshman in college like me." I know many people have reservations about&nbsp;&nbsp; him being forced into becoming the president of&nbsp; the Powerful Industrial Manufacturing Bureau.&nbsp; But I want to make it clear today that&nbsp; I'm willing to give him time to grow,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'm also willing to invest resources to help&nbsp; him grow. I also believe that it won't be long&nbsp;&nbsp; before he develops into a high-level manager. With Xiao Qiang's backing, no one dared to&nbsp;&nbsp; underestimate Yang Bin, this lovable&nbsp; chubby guy. Moreover, Xiao Qiang hired&nbsp;&nbsp; eight top talents from various fields such as&nbsp; company operations, human resource management,&nbsp;&nbsp; investment and financing to provide consulting&nbsp; services for him, which was equivalent to the&nbsp;&nbsp; "regent ministers" in ancient times. Meanwhile, all 425 immigrant engineers&nbsp;&nbsp; have settled in the Qiangsheng No. 1 Courtyard&nbsp; in Longcheng, which is a high-end residential&nbsp;&nbsp; product line of Qiangsheng Real Estate. After the banquet, everyone dispersed,&nbsp;&nbsp; some returning to Yanjing, others&nbsp; to Qiangsheng No. 1 Courtyard.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Li Muyao&nbsp; stayed overnight at the hotel.&nbsp; The longing I've felt for you over the past few&nbsp; days has transformed into my full commitment.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang only stopped his conquest&nbsp; after Li Muyao suffered several defeats.&nbsp; Li Muyao lay naked on the bed. This is what the two looked&nbsp;&nbsp; like when they finished their campaign. She was panting heavily, her forehead was&nbsp;&nbsp; soaked with sweat, and her fair body seemed to&nbsp; be covered with a layer of fine water droplets,&nbsp;&nbsp; giving her a holy glow. Twenty minutes later,&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Muyao, having regained some energy, lazily got&nbsp; up, nestled in Xiao Qiang's arms, and said in a&nbsp;&nbsp; slightly hoarse voice, "..." "How come you've gotten so&nbsp;&nbsp; strong in just a few days?" "Was I really weak before?"&nbsp; Li Muyao said shyly, "No, it's because you're even&nbsp; stronger now... I'm... almost... killed by you..."&nbsp; After saying that, she lowered her head to&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's chest to avoid his amused gaze.&nbsp; "It was what you just asked for...you said..." "Ugh, stop talking..."&nbsp; After another round of passionate&nbsp; lovemaking, the two finally fell asleep.&nbsp; The next day, the two drove to Jinshi. They&nbsp; had been in Yanjing since the college entrance&nbsp;&nbsp; examination and had not been back to Jinshi to&nbsp; visit their parents for more than four months.&nbsp; At a construction&nbsp;&nbsp; site of Qiangsheng Real Estate in Jinshi,&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo, wearing an engineering hat, was&nbsp;&nbsp; inspecting the construction progress accompanied&nbsp; by engineers from the engineering department.&nbsp; As the weather gets colder, construction sites&nbsp; will be completely shut down in half a month,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he must ensure that there are no safety issues&nbsp; at the 15 construction sites before work stops.&nbsp; "Ever since Yu Ming got promoted, I&nbsp; haven't had a good life. I'm stuck eating&nbsp;&nbsp; dirt on the construction site all day long..." If it weren't for that damn cockroach, I'd be so&nbsp;&nbsp; much more relaxed growing vegetables at home... At this moment, Lao Xiao's driver and assistant&nbsp;&nbsp; rushed over, looking flustered. "Mr.&nbsp; Xiao... President Yu is in your office...&nbsp;&nbsp; wants to see you... and Mr. Xiao... uh,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang is also in your office..."&nbsp; Throughout the entire Jinshi Company, only&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo was unaware that Xiao Qiang was&nbsp;&nbsp; the real boss of Qiangsheng Real Estate. "Huh? Why did that kid run back to Jin&nbsp;&nbsp; City? He actually dared to skip school!&nbsp; I'll break the bastard's three legs..."&nbsp; Everyone around him broke out in a cold sweat! Wouldn't you call that insubordination?&nbsp; The group followed Xiao Jianguo,&nbsp; looking disheveled, back to the company.&nbsp; As soon as Xiao Jianguo opened his&nbsp; office, he saw his son Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; sitting in his general manager's seat,&nbsp; while President Yu Ming and a beautiful&nbsp;&nbsp; woman sat on the guest chair next to him. Old Xiao was both surprised and frightened.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although Yu Ming was his project manager&nbsp; at the beginning, he was very knowledgeable&nbsp;&nbsp; and intelligent, and was a top student.&nbsp; His promotion speed was like a rocket.&nbsp; He is now the president of the entire&nbsp; national region of Qiangsheng Real Estate,&nbsp;&nbsp; while I am still a general manager. Old Xiao had a deep respect for Yu Ming.&nbsp;&nbsp; If he offended him, his son's chances of getting&nbsp; into Qiangsheng Real Estate would be ruined.&nbsp; "You son of a bitch, where are&nbsp; you going to sit? Is that a place&nbsp;&nbsp; for you to sit? Get over here right now." After being scolded, Xiao Qiang could only&nbsp;&nbsp; obediently get up and go to his father's side. Yu Ming and Li Muyao struggled to suppress&nbsp;&nbsp; their laughter as they watched Xiao Qiang&nbsp; being lectured yet obediently obeying.&nbsp; "Mr. Yu, please sit over there..." "Mr. Xiao, please have a seat,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is fine with me..." Xiao Jianguo was extremely&nbsp;&nbsp; puzzled by Yu Ming's usual politeness. Was it&nbsp; because he had once been Yu Ming's superior?&nbsp; Or is it that Yu Ming is a child who&nbsp; respects the elderly and cares for the young?&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo finally sat in his general&nbsp; manager's seat with trepidation.&nbsp; "Dad, how's the general manager position at&nbsp; Qiangsheng Real Estate in Jinshi going? Any&nbsp;&nbsp; other ideas, like doing something else?" Xiao Qiang's opening remarks startled&nbsp;&nbsp; Old Xiao so much that he spat out a mouthful of&nbsp; water, then coughed violently. At the same time,&nbsp;&nbsp; countless thoughts flashed through his mind. "You son of a bitch, you unfilial son! Your&nbsp;&nbsp; father is suffering here because he was hoping&nbsp; to 'stuff' you into Qiangsheng Real Estate after&nbsp;&nbsp; you graduate, isn't he?" You dare say something so&nbsp;&nbsp; disastrous in front of the CEO? "You want to get me fired, huh?!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang hadn't expected his words&nbsp; to have such a powerful impact, so he&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly stepped forward to pat his father's back. Having calmed down, Old Xiao wore a righteous and&nbsp;&nbsp; awe-inspiring expression. "That damn Xiao&nbsp; Qiang, I was born a member of Qiangsheng,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'll die a Qiangsheng ghost... I&nbsp; can't leave Qiangsheng Real Estate..."&nbsp; Old Xiao's words didn't sound like he was&nbsp; scolding Xiao Qiang; they sounded more like&nbsp;&nbsp; he was expressing his opinion to Yu Ming. Yu Ming coughed lightly, "President Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; actually you can unleash your full potential in&nbsp; other positions. The position of General Manager&nbsp;&nbsp; of Qiangsheng Real Estate in Jin City somewhat&nbsp; limits the full expression of your talents..." Chapter 160 The Retired Emperor&nbsp; or the Rich Second Generation&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Lao Xiao's heart sank to the&nbsp; bottom. "I'm doomed! The president is hinting&nbsp;&nbsp; that I should leave Qiangsheng Real Estate..." In an instant, Xiao Jianguo felt utterly hopeless,&nbsp;&nbsp; and his gaze toward Xiao Qiang was filled&nbsp; with disappointment and frustration.&nbsp; You damn bastard! "President Yu, don't listen&nbsp;&nbsp; to that bastard Xiao Qiang's nonsense. He's just&nbsp; a greenhorn student who doesn't know anything."&nbsp; I, Lao Xiao, am not afraid of hardship or&nbsp; fatigue, and I don't have any lofty ambitions..."&nbsp; Everyone's faces were practically meme-worthy,&nbsp; especially Yu Ming, who said, "President Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; please listen to...President Xiao's opinion..." At the same time, he looked to&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang for help. Xiao Qiang's face showed&nbsp;&nbsp; a helpless expression. "Dad, actually,&nbsp; Qiangsheng Real Estate is my company..."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Lao Xiao was startled.&nbsp; This was utterly outrageous! In ancient times,&nbsp;&nbsp; this would be considered a plot to usurp the&nbsp; throne! How dare you say such disrespectful&nbsp;&nbsp; things to the CEO's face… Are you trying to make sure&nbsp;&nbsp; your dad isn't laid off soon enough? Old Xiao jumped up from his seat and was&nbsp;&nbsp; about to shut Xiao Qiang up. "Xiao Jianguo..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang shouted, startling Old&nbsp; Xiao so much that he stopped moving.&nbsp; "Dad, listen to me, Qiangsheng Real Estate&nbsp; Group is all mine. You can ask Yu Ming..."&nbsp; Old Xiao, of course, couldn't believe&nbsp; it. He was so anxious that he was ready&nbsp;&nbsp; to take off his shoehorn and use it as a&nbsp; tool to teach this unfilial son a lesson.&nbsp; Yu Ming could only stand up and rush forward&nbsp; to stop Lao Xiao, "President Xiao, what Xiao...&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said is all true. Qiangsheng Real&nbsp; Estate Group belongs to Xiao Qiang. I am just&nbsp;&nbsp; the president in charge of management. The real&nbsp; boss behind the scenes is your son, Xiao Qiang..."&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo's hand, holding&nbsp; the shoehorn, paused in mid-air.&nbsp; You can disbelieve your son's words,&nbsp; but why would the CEO lie to you?&nbsp; Could this bastard really be the real&nbsp; boss of Qiangsheng Real Estate Group?&nbsp; Then what am I? The retired emperor?&nbsp; Or is he a rich second-generation? "Yu Ming, oh no, Mr. Yu, is what you said true?&nbsp;&nbsp; You're not just trying to make me happy?" Yu Ming spoke again, helplessly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Of course it's true!" "Mr. Xiao, think about it, how&nbsp;&nbsp; did I buy that 2 million yuan Mercedes back then?" Xiao Jianguo immediately recalled the scene at the&nbsp;&nbsp; time. Regarding the standard of the vehicle&nbsp; to be provided to the engineering manager,&nbsp;&nbsp; the finance manager kept staring at his son. When&nbsp; his son said, "Why doesn't the engineering manager&nbsp;&nbsp; deserve a luxury car worth 2 million?" the finance&nbsp; manager actually said that this was the standard&nbsp;&nbsp; for the company's vehicle allocation. But the finance manager said&nbsp;&nbsp; he couldn't remember... son "Mr. Xiao, think about it. In the entire&nbsp;&nbsp; Jinshi branch, besides you, how does everyone&nbsp; else react when they see Mr. Xiao Qiang..."&nbsp; Old Xiao was silenced again by Yu&nbsp; Ming's words. Yes, his men always&nbsp;&nbsp; treated Xiao Qiang with such respect... Even he, the general manager, was envious,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he always thought that those employees&nbsp; were only acting that way because of him.&nbsp; If Qiangsheng really is his own son, then all&nbsp; those abnormal phenomena seem quite reasonable.&nbsp; "You son of a bitch, are you really the&nbsp; big boss of Qiangsheng Real Estate Group?"&nbsp; I remember you said Qiangsheng is the company&nbsp; of one of your female classmates' fathers?&nbsp;&nbsp; Have you already married into someone&nbsp; else's family as a child son-in-law?&nbsp; The three of them were completely taken&nbsp; aback by Lao Xiao's wildly imaginative ideas.&nbsp; "Dad, you have such a vivid imagination.&nbsp; My son and daughter, your grandchildren,&nbsp;&nbsp; will definitely only have the surname Xiao." Xiao Qiang's words finally&nbsp;&nbsp; dispelled Xiao Jianguo's doubts. "So, you're a tycoon, son of a bitch?"&nbsp; No need for Dad to arrange a job for&nbsp; you with a monthly salary of 4,000?&nbsp; Oh my, I'm so happy... Old Xiao's state of mind&nbsp;&nbsp; at this moment is probably even more excited&nbsp; than if he had won 5 million in the lottery.&nbsp; "Tell Dad right now, how the hell did&nbsp; you post that, you son of a bitch..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was so embarrassed! "Dad, let's discuss this when we get home."&nbsp; After leaving the office,&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Muyao left first, as she hadn't been&nbsp; home to see her parents for many days!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang rode in his father's Volkswagen Santana&nbsp;&nbsp; back to the mountain valley&nbsp; where he was born and raised!&nbsp; The father and son remained tense throughout&nbsp; the journey, not uttering a single word.&nbsp; Zhang Guifang was overjoyed to see her&nbsp; son suddenly return home. "Old Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly go to the convenience store&nbsp; and buy some meat to treat our son..."&nbsp; "No need, I've already bought it!" As he spoke, he took a large amount&nbsp;&nbsp; of ready-made food from the trunk, which&nbsp; he had purchased from a five-star hotel.&nbsp; After everything was settled, Xiao Jianguo&nbsp; pulled the mother and son, who had been showing&nbsp;&nbsp; concern for each other, into the house. Seeing her&nbsp; wife's secretive demeanor, Zhang Guifen muttered,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Old Xiao, what's going on here...?" Xiao Jianguo turned his head to look&nbsp;&nbsp; at Xiao Qiang, "Mr. Xiao, tell me? What&nbsp; trouble have you caused at the school?"&nbsp; Zhang Guifen looked at her boss as if he were&nbsp; crazy, "Have you lost your mind from a fever?&nbsp;&nbsp; You call your son 'General Manager Xiao'?" Xiao Qiang coughed twice, preparing to lay&nbsp;&nbsp; his cards on the table, "Mom, Old Xiao&nbsp; really should call me President Xiao..."&nbsp; He certainly wouldn't say that he was&nbsp; reborn, that would be too sensational;&nbsp;&nbsp; he could only give a brief description. "To put it simply, your son, me, made a&nbsp;&nbsp; few hundred million yuan by playing the&nbsp; stock market in high school... then used&nbsp;&nbsp; that money to start a small company... and&nbsp; then made a few hundred million yuan more..."&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo: "..." Zhang Guifen: "......"&nbsp; "That's it?" Xiao Jianguo thought his&nbsp;&nbsp; son would give a long, hour-long speech about how&nbsp; he made his father a "second-generation rich kid"!&nbsp; "Oh no! It was supposed to&nbsp; be such a simple thing!"&nbsp; Zhang Guifen immediately asked,&nbsp; "Son, how much money have you made?"&nbsp; After a moment's thought, Xiao Qiang realized&nbsp; that, not counting the 900 billion US dollars in&nbsp;&nbsp; Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall and the&nbsp; 29.7 billion US dollars in his stock account,&nbsp;&nbsp; there was only 24 billion Chinese&nbsp; yuan in his own bank account.&nbsp; But how can we present this 24 billion in a way&nbsp; that is more easily accepted by the two elders?&nbsp; After thinking for a long time,&nbsp; he suddenly had an idea and said:&nbsp; "Mom, what if we consider earning&nbsp; 100 million as a small goal..."&nbsp; Before Xiao Qiang could finish speaking,&nbsp; Zhang Guifen immediately interrupted,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Speak like a normal person, what normal person&nbsp; considers earning 100 million a small goal?"&nbsp; Forehead...&nbsp; After a moment's thought, he&nbsp; realized his mother was right!&nbsp; "Mom, I was just using a vivid analogy!" "Okay, then continue with your analogy. When will&nbsp;&nbsp; you earn a small fortune to show your parents..." Xiao Qiang said, "Dad, Mom, don't believe me? Your&nbsp;&nbsp; son now has 240 small goals..." Despite being somewhat prepared, Lao Xiao was&nbsp;&nbsp; still so shocked he jumped three feet high. "How&nbsp; many? Two, two hundred and forty small goals?"&nbsp; A brief silence fell over the three of them;&nbsp; no one spoke, except for Zhang Guifen and Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Jianguo, whose mouths grew increasingly wide... Zhang Guifen: "Son, college students never&nbsp;&nbsp; lie! Are you telling the truth?" Xiao Qiang: "Of course it's true!"&nbsp; Zhang Guifen: "Really? I don't believe it either!"&nbsp; No normal person would believe that he&nbsp;&nbsp; earned 240 small goals in less than a year? Isn't this a huge joke? Chapter 161 Take a Sip of Moutai to Calm Down Xiao Qiang was speechless for a moment. "Mom&nbsp;&nbsp; and Dad, why don't you check&nbsp; my bank account balance?!"&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo and Zhang Guifen exchanged a&nbsp; glance. "Alright then, let's take a look..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang took out his phone and found the&nbsp; bank card SMS notification. "Mom, look..."&nbsp; Zhang Guifen stepped forward and took the&nbsp; phone directly into her hand, "Ones, tens,&nbsp;&nbsp; hundreds, thousands, ten thousands...&nbsp; tens of millions, hundreds of millions,&nbsp;&nbsp; billions... hundreds of billions ?" This was definitely one of the longest&nbsp;&nbsp; numbers Zhang Guifen had ever seen in&nbsp; her life; the only numbers longer were&nbsp;&nbsp; ID card numbers and phone numbers… Seeing his wife's strange reaction,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo leaned closer, saying, "I...&nbsp; damn... it's so long... I'm dizzy..."&nbsp; "Now you should believe me, right?" "Dad, could you bring me that tote bag?"&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo muttered something as he&nbsp; carried the bag into the living room.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang took the bag, placed&nbsp; it on the table, and unzipped it,&nbsp;&nbsp; revealing bright red Chinese yuan. Zhang Guifen and Xiao Jianguo's&nbsp;&nbsp; eyes nearly popped out of their sockets.&nbsp; How much money must this huge bag cost?&nbsp; "Mom, here's 1 million Chinese&nbsp; yuan for your spending money..."&nbsp; Zhang Guifen then realized what was happening and&nbsp; cautiously said, as if guarding against a thief,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You child, don't you understand the&nbsp; principle of not flaunting your wealth?"&nbsp; As he spoke, he hurriedly stuffed the bag&nbsp; of money into the wardrobe and locked it.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was speechless as he&nbsp; looked at his mother's agile figure!&nbsp; He then pulled out two more&nbsp; bank cards from his pocket.&nbsp; "Mom and Dad, that was for you two to buy&nbsp; groceries, rice, oil, salt, and pocket money."&nbsp; I was in a rush to come back this time, so&nbsp; I didn't withdraw too much cash. There's 20&nbsp;&nbsp; million in each of these two cards, you can&nbsp; use that to travel around the world... If you&nbsp;&nbsp; need more, I'll transfer more to you..." Xiao Jianguo was delighted and was about&nbsp;&nbsp; to take the bank card when Zhang Guifen&nbsp; snatched it away, rolling her eyes at him.&nbsp; "You actually dared to take it?" What are you going to do with 20 million?&nbsp; "Like those rich people, keeping a&nbsp; mistress... or even a fourth mistress?"&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo was taken aback, then&nbsp; "Son, look at your mother's behavior..." Xiao Qiang was speechless for a moment.&nbsp; "Son, this money is hard-earned.&nbsp; Mom will save it for you, and in a&nbsp;&nbsp; few days, Mom will buy you a big house." Hey? Lao Xiao, I often hear you bragging&nbsp;&nbsp; about how great the houses at your Qiangsheng&nbsp; Real Estate are. As the general manager, do you&nbsp;&nbsp; get any discounts when buying a house? You're even&nbsp; preparing a wedding house for your son in advance.&nbsp; "Upon graduation, I immediately&nbsp; got married and had children..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang felt a headache coming on. Xiao Jianguo gave a wry smile, "Sure, why not? I'd&nbsp;&nbsp; give you a set for free! Discounts are nothing..." Zhang Guifen said in surprise, "Old Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; you've upgraded your equipment&nbsp; today, you're quite the talker!"&nbsp; If you can really buy one for free, you can have&nbsp; the head of the household for the next month,&nbsp;&nbsp; and do whatever you want with it…” "Nonsense, a woman's word is her bond." Xiao Jianguo turned his head to his son.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, please give me&nbsp; an answer. Is it possible?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang watched his parents&nbsp; bickering and smiled helplessly.&nbsp; "Why are you asking me about&nbsp; my son? I'm asking you..."&nbsp; "Son, give me an answer quickly. Your dad's&nbsp; standing in the family for the next month&nbsp;&nbsp; depends on your word..." "Yes, yes..."&nbsp; "Hey? What kind of riddles are you two playing?"&nbsp; "Haha, this old woman is short-sighted." Qiangsheng Real Estate belongs to your son;&nbsp;&nbsp; he's the big boss. Even I, the&nbsp; general manager, work for your son.&nbsp; You want to buy a house for free? Isn't that&nbsp; just a matter of your son saying a word?&nbsp; "Don't just say one house, you&nbsp; can have as many as you want!"&nbsp; Zhang Guifen was completely dumbfounded,&nbsp; her wide eyes looking at her son.&nbsp; "Son, is what your dad said true or false?" "Are all the houses owned by&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiangsheng Real Estate yours?" Xiao Qiang nodded, "Yes, Mom, didn't I just&nbsp;&nbsp; say that after making money from stocks, I started&nbsp; a company, Qiangsheng Real Estate, that's..."&nbsp; "Honey, what's next&nbsp;&nbsp; month's role as the head of the household?" Zhang Guifen glared at her fierce eyes,&nbsp;&nbsp; "What's wrong, Lao Xiao? You really want&nbsp; to turn the tables and become the master?&nbsp;&nbsp; You child-leeching brat!" Go and prepare the food; let's eat.&nbsp; My precious son is starving… Xiao Jianguo: "Sigh..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang watched from the&nbsp; sidelines, thoroughly amused!&nbsp; "Dad, why don't you call Uncle over too? I&nbsp; need to talk to you two about something later!"&nbsp; "Alright, Mr. Xiao..." Xiao Qiang's second uncle,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Weiguo, has taken great care of their&nbsp; family since Xiao Qiang can remember. Back then,&nbsp;&nbsp; when his father, Xiao Jianguo, was working&nbsp; away from home, his second uncle took care&nbsp;&nbsp; of many of the dirty and tiring chores. Therefore, it's time to repay my second&nbsp;&nbsp; uncle's family. Half an hour later, Xiao Weiguo swaggered into&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's house. Seeing Xiao Qiang there,&nbsp;&nbsp; he immediately launched into a loud tirade.&nbsp; "Hey! My nephew's back! We'll&nbsp; have to have a good drink today!"&nbsp; "Second Uncle, please sit down..." "Wow, what a lavish meal today! Looks like&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm getting a good deal from my nephew!" Otherwise, under normal circumstances,&nbsp;&nbsp; your dad would only give me a&nbsp; whole peanut or shredded potatoes…”&nbsp; "Haha, get lost, you brat,&nbsp; want another beating, huh...?"&nbsp; "Your brother is just that stingy. He always&nbsp; fights with me when I buy new clothes."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was deeply moved by the decades-long&nbsp; brotherhood between his father and second uncle.&nbsp; "Dad, take out the Moutai you&nbsp; left in the trunk this morning..."&nbsp; Upon hearing that there was Moutai, Xiao Weiguo&nbsp; immediately fixed his gaze on his elder brother.&nbsp; "Bro, you're really stingy! You have Moutai&nbsp; but you won't take it out, letting your brother&nbsp;&nbsp; drink cheap liquor instead..." Despite being exposed in public,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo showed no embarrassment whatsoever,&nbsp; saying, "Those three cases of Moutai were for&nbsp;&nbsp; your nephew's wedding..." "What, three boxes?"&nbsp; Xiao Weiguo was completely shocked. He had&nbsp; never drunk Moutai, but he had heard of it.&nbsp;&nbsp; It cost more than a thousand yuan a bottle. How&nbsp; could ordinary people afford to drink this stuff?&nbsp; "Brother, are you going too far? Buying&nbsp; three cases of Moutai? How much did that&nbsp;&nbsp; cost? Didn't my sister-in-law make&nbsp; you kneel on the clothes board?"&nbsp; Xiao Weiguo directly presented&nbsp; four soul-searching questions.&nbsp; Seeing that his mother's face had also&nbsp; darkened, Xiao Qiang quickly spoke up.&nbsp; "I moved those to my dad's car.&nbsp; I was short on time this time,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the store only had three boxes left. I'll&nbsp; have someone deliver some back in a day or two..."&nbsp; You two brothers, drink as much as you want today… Xiao Jianguo and his wife remained calm. They&nbsp;&nbsp; had already achieved 240 small goals, so a&nbsp; bottle of Moutai costing over a thousand yuan&nbsp;&nbsp; was nothing to them. However, Xiao Weiguo&nbsp; had no idea about his nephew's background.&nbsp; "Brother? My nephew won the lottery? That&nbsp; feels like he became rich overnight..."&nbsp; "Second Uncle, I called you&nbsp;&nbsp; here today to discuss something with you. Are&nbsp; you still dealing in agricultural products?"&nbsp; "Hey! Yeah, if I didn't do this,&nbsp; there'd be no good work anyway..."&nbsp; "Your nephew has recently made a fortune." I want to open a supermarket in the shopping&nbsp;&nbsp; center area of Jinshi, but I have&nbsp; to go to school and don't have time.&nbsp; I was thinking of having my dad and second&nbsp; uncle drive it, would you two be willing...?&nbsp; "Opening a small shop? Your dad&nbsp; could manage that by himself,&nbsp;&nbsp; why do we two brothers have to help out..." "It's not a small shop, it's a supermarket&nbsp;&nbsp; of around 6,000 square meters..." Xiao Jianguo was taken aback. "How big?"&nbsp; 6000 square meters? Is that a supermarket?&nbsp; "No, I need to quickly drink&nbsp; some Moutai to calm my nerves!"&nbsp; Xiao Weiguo followed suit, "Brother, fill&nbsp; my cup too, I was a little startled too..." Chapter 162 Land Transfer The two brothers were so&nbsp;&nbsp; shocked that they held their breath for half an&nbsp; hour, and both bottles of Moutai were emptied.&nbsp; Seeing his father and second uncle enjoying&nbsp; themselves, Xiao Qiang couldn't bear to spoil&nbsp;&nbsp; their fun, so he didn't mention the&nbsp; supermarket again at the dinner table.&nbsp; Anyway, I plan to stay for a few days&nbsp; this time, so I have plenty of time.&nbsp; The two brothers talked about everything&nbsp; from when they were wearing open-crotch&nbsp;&nbsp; pants until now, and it was almost as&nbsp; if they were drunk on their own words.&nbsp; Finally, the two brothers fell into a deep sleep. Taking advantage of the opportunity to help his&nbsp;&nbsp; mother tidy up, Xiao Qiang said, "Mom,&nbsp; I'm planning to renovate our house..."&nbsp; "What are you talking about? Our village is about&nbsp; to be completely demolished. It's said that rich&nbsp;&nbsp; people from the city want to buy all the barren&nbsp; mountains in our village to develop a martyrs'&nbsp;&nbsp; cemetery, a public cemetery, and a crematorium." They even said they would&nbsp;&nbsp; relocate the entire village… "Sigh, it's a place I've lived in&nbsp;&nbsp; for decades, I'm really going to miss it." Xiao Qiang clearly remembered that in his&nbsp;&nbsp; previous life, the land acquisition for the&nbsp; cemetery and martyrs' cemetery was carried&nbsp;&nbsp; out in October, and he had not heard of the&nbsp; whole village being demolished at that time.&nbsp; It seems that my transmigration and rebirth&nbsp; have changed the course of events in this life.&nbsp; After finishing his chores,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang went out alone.&nbsp; In his memory, it had been a long&nbsp; time since he had climbed the&nbsp;&nbsp; mountains or seen the river of his hometown… This is perhaps the price of growing up. The&nbsp;&nbsp; source of childhood happiness, as people grow up,&nbsp; whether busy with work or leaving their hometown,&nbsp;&nbsp; means that familiar taste of home can&nbsp; only exist in occasional memories.&nbsp; It is both a sense of helplessness and a tragedy! Xiao Qiang wandered aimlessly through mountain&nbsp;&nbsp; after mountain, pausing on country&nbsp; roads he had walked as a child,&nbsp;&nbsp; and reminiscing at places where he and his&nbsp; childhood friends had once caught fish...&nbsp; Such a beautiful village, a countryside&nbsp; full of memories, and you actually want&nbsp;&nbsp; to build a crematorium? A cemetery? How can the very means of feeding&nbsp;&nbsp; farmers be turned into a tool for&nbsp; capitalists to reap huge profits?&nbsp; Will Xiao Qiang let them have their way? As evening approached, Xiao Qiang finally&nbsp;&nbsp; returned home, looking disheveled. "Oh, the Xiao family's two&nbsp;&nbsp; heroes have finally woken up?" "Is the taste of Moutai alright?"&nbsp; The Xiao brothers were so embarrassed by the&nbsp; teasing from this younger generation that they&nbsp;&nbsp; turned red in the face. "good…"&nbsp; "improvise…" "By the way, nephew,&nbsp;&nbsp; I remember you told your second uncle that you&nbsp; wanted to open a convenience store, right?"&nbsp; "Uh...yes, a small shop of 6,000 square meters..." "6,000 square meters? That must have cost a&nbsp;&nbsp; fortune. Even if you won the lottery,&nbsp; it probably wouldn't be enough."&nbsp; Seeing his younger brother's doubtful look, Xiao&nbsp; Jianguo immediately shouted, "Quickly tell your&nbsp;&nbsp; second uncle about those 240 small goals..." But halfway through her sentence,&nbsp;&nbsp; she suddenly remembered the words her&nbsp; son had repeatedly told her to heed.&nbsp; "Let others know we've made it big!" But we can't let others know how far we've gone.&nbsp; So they stopped immediately. Xiao Weiguo looked completely&nbsp;&nbsp; bewildered. "What the heck? 240 small&nbsp; goals... What are you talking about, bro...?"&nbsp; "He didn't say much, just that&nbsp; Xiao Qiang told us to work hard&nbsp;&nbsp; and earn 2.4 million, or 24 million..." "Second Uncle, your nephew has indeed&nbsp;&nbsp; made a sum of money. I won't say exactly&nbsp; how much, but it's enough to open this&nbsp;&nbsp; 6,000-square-meter supermarket." After this supermarket opens,&nbsp;&nbsp; my dad will be the general manager and you&nbsp; will be the deputy general manager. You will&nbsp;&nbsp; both earn 10,000 yuan a month. How about that? "And then I'll give you both 5% of the shares?"&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo: "Ten thousand? Dad's&nbsp; taking this job... no, Mr. Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; my brother and I are taking this job..." He immediately winked at Xiao Weiguo beside him,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh! Oh! We'll take it." Nephew..."&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo: "What the hell, nephew?&nbsp; Call me General Manager Xiao...&nbsp;&nbsp; You're so lacking in awareness, now you know&nbsp; why you're the deputy general manager..."&nbsp; "Oh, right, Mr. Xiao, what does&nbsp; that shareholding mean...?"&nbsp; "Alright, Dad, Second Uncle, why call him&nbsp; President Xiao? This is at home, not at work."&nbsp; Just call him Xiaoqiang. Second Uncle, regarding those shares, let me give&nbsp;&nbsp; you an example. If the supermarket makes a profit&nbsp; of 1 million this year, besides your monthly&nbsp;&nbsp; salary, you'll also receive a bonus of 50,000 yuan&nbsp; by the end of the year... Do you understand...?&nbsp; "Oh! I understand!" "Alright, Mr. Xiao, your second uncle is doing it&nbsp;&nbsp; too. When are we going to open a supermarket..." Xiao Qiang chuckled, "Second Uncle, no rush. We're&nbsp;&nbsp; opening a 6,000-square-meter supermarket,&nbsp; not a 6-square-meter convenience store."&nbsp; In the next couple of days, I'll send&nbsp; you to Yanjing for training. You'll&nbsp;&nbsp; know what to do when you come back..." "Alright, your dad and I will do whatever&nbsp;&nbsp; you say..." Just as the three were finishing their&nbsp; discussion, a large group of people&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly entered the courtyard. Xiao Qiang got up and saw that&nbsp;&nbsp; the leader was none other than Zhang&nbsp; Sanmao, the village party secretary.&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo immediately went to greet&nbsp; him, "Old Zhang, what's going on?"&nbsp; Zhang Sanmao patted Xiao Jianguo on the shoulder. "Old Xiao, this is great news!"&nbsp; This isn't about the village attracting&nbsp; investment to build a martyrs' cemetery&nbsp;&nbsp; and public cemetery; it involves land transfer. Given our relationship, you have to support me,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Look, this is the project&nbsp; implementation opinion solicitation&nbsp;&nbsp; form and the land transfer agreement. As he spoke, he leaned close to Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Jianguo's ear and said, "Old Xiao, with our&nbsp; relationship, I managed to get you the highest&nbsp;&nbsp; land transfer price. Your three mu of land&nbsp; is worth 50,000 yuan, while other people's&nbsp;&nbsp; land is only worth 10,000 yuan per mu." You absolutely mustn't tell anyone else.&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo immediately grinned. Being&nbsp; extremely simple-minded, he believed that&nbsp;&nbsp; the village secretary's treatment of him showed&nbsp; him respect, and he couldn't refuse to meet him.&nbsp; So he picked up a pen and prepared to sign. "Dad, wait..."&nbsp; When Xiao Jianguo saw his son asking him to&nbsp; wait, he stopped writing. "Son, what's wrong?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stepped forward, took the opinion&nbsp; solicitation form and the land transfer agreement,&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly glanced through them,&nbsp; and shook his head with a smile.&nbsp; "Uncle Zhang, my family's 3 mu of&nbsp; land is worth 50,000 yuan. Is that&nbsp;&nbsp; a very high land transfer price?" Zhang Sanmao was taken aback,&nbsp;&nbsp; but immediately put on a big smile and said,&nbsp; "Nephew, of course, everyone else gets 10,000&nbsp;&nbsp; yuan per mu. Do you think your price is high?" "Moreover, these lands are transferred in a&nbsp;&nbsp; one-time transaction, and the villagers will&nbsp; not be able to enjoy the division of labor&nbsp;&nbsp; in the operation after the project&nbsp; is implemented, right, Uncle Zhang?"&nbsp; Is this what you call a project&nbsp; that benefits the people?&nbsp; This has absolutely nothing to do with the&nbsp; propaganda that it can lead the villagers&nbsp;&nbsp; out of poverty and into prosperity! As Xiao Qiang continued his narration,&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhang Sanmao's previously smiling face&nbsp; lost all its smile and turned gloomy.&nbsp; Upon seeing this, Xiao Jianguo immediately&nbsp; stepped in to smooth things over,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Old Zhang, Xiao Qiang was just talking&nbsp; nonsense, don't take it to heart..."&nbsp; "Dad, Uncle Sanmao, I'm not making this up. I&nbsp; don't agree with this project, I don't approve&nbsp;&nbsp; of it, and I certainly won't let you sign it." Xiao Qiang spoke with righteous indignation,&nbsp;&nbsp; without the slightest hint of joking. Xiao Jianguo was in an extremely awkward&nbsp;&nbsp; position. On one side was his son, and on&nbsp; the other was the village party secretary&nbsp;&nbsp; who respected him. What should he do? The scene instantly fell silent!&nbsp; A moment later, village&nbsp;&nbsp; secretary Zhang Sanmao, his face ashen, spoke up,&nbsp; "Old Xiao, are you going to sign this or not?"&nbsp; The words had lost all politeness and&nbsp; sounded more like an interrogation.&nbsp; "Old Zhang, what do you think... how&nbsp; about we discuss this as a family and&nbsp;&nbsp; then sue you for the results tomorrow?" Zhang Sanmao gave a sinister smile,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Xiao Jianguo, so you can't even make&nbsp; decisions about your own family matters..."&nbsp; 3 mu of land for 50,000 yuan, right now. "Once you miss this opportunity,&nbsp;&nbsp; you might not get another one. Think it through." Zhang Sanmao's cold words made Xiao Jianguo feel a&nbsp;&nbsp; deep sense of unfamiliarity, which made him frown. "Dad, our family doesn't lack that little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit of money, like 30,000 to 50,00 His son's words brought Xiao Jianguo&nbsp;&nbsp; back to his senses. "That's right, my son has&nbsp; 240 small goals, and there are 40 million in&nbsp;&nbsp; the two bank cards at home. Why the hell&nbsp; am I agonizing over 30,000 or 50,000?" Chapter 163 Coercion Although Xiao Jianguo doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; care about the 30,000 to 50,000 yuan now, he&nbsp; believes that he and the village secretary&nbsp;&nbsp; have a good personal relationship and he&nbsp; doesn't want to ruin their relationship.&nbsp; So he spoke again. "Old Zhang, look at our relationship,&nbsp;&nbsp; why don't you let my family discuss this?&nbsp; I'll sign it tomorrow, and you guys can&nbsp;&nbsp; go find other people to sign first!" Our village has over 300 households;&nbsp;&nbsp; my signature alone won't make much difference! Zhang Sanmao smiled dismissively.&nbsp; "Xiao Jianguo, to be honest with you, you're&nbsp; right about one thing: whether you sign or&nbsp;&nbsp; not doesn't really determine anything." Since you and your son are so ungrateful,&nbsp;&nbsp; don't blame me for being ruthless. To be honest, even if you don't sign,&nbsp;&nbsp; they'll still occupy your land. Moreover, whether I can offer you a transfer&nbsp;&nbsp; price of 10,000 yuan per mu depends on my mood. And let me make this clear to you:&nbsp;&nbsp; I have no relation to you and we&nbsp; have no connection whatsoever,&nbsp;&nbsp; so don't try to make yourself look good. Too many people are trying to get close to me,&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhang Sanmao, I don't need another one. At this moment, Zhang Sanmao completely&nbsp;&nbsp; revealed his arrogant true nature,&nbsp; even publicly humiliating Xiao Jianguo.&nbsp; Even a clay idol has some temper, let alone&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo, a soldier with a fiery spirit.&nbsp; "Zhang Sanmao?" Are you the&nbsp;&nbsp; village party secretary or a local tyrant? I really don't believe it. If I don't sign,&nbsp;&nbsp; you dare to take over my three acres of land! Alright, you're not welcome in my Xiao family.&nbsp;&nbsp; Get as far away from me as possible..." Not only Zhang Sanmao, but even Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; was intimidated by his father's domineering side. At this moment, a man in a suit who had come into&nbsp;&nbsp; the courtyard with Zhang Sanmao stepped&nbsp; forward and addressed Xiao Qiang's family.&nbsp; "I advise your family not to refuse a toast&nbsp; only to suffer a forfeit. It's such a simple&nbsp;&nbsp; principle that you can't fight city&nbsp; hall. Why can't you understand it?"&nbsp; You're just farmers, why don't you&nbsp; take the money and live a good life?&nbsp; Don't go looking for trouble. Who can guarantee&nbsp; you won't get into a car accident or something&nbsp;&nbsp; when you go out? It's not worth the risk, is it? "you……"&nbsp; Hearing that the other party was still&nbsp; threatening him, Xiao Jianguo was furious.&nbsp; Seeing how they treated their elder brother,&nbsp; Xiao Weiguo instantly lost his temper, "What,&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhang Sanmao, you want to resort to&nbsp; violence? Everyone has two shoulders&nbsp;&nbsp; and a head, who's afraid of who..." Zhang Sanmao was furious; this family&nbsp;&nbsp; was truly impervious to reason. The man in black sneered.&nbsp; "Since you don't know what's good for you, I'll&nbsp; just say this: I'll have your land bulldozed&nbsp;&nbsp; tomorrow, and you won't get a single penny!" Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang burst into laughter,&nbsp;&nbsp; his gaze turning cold as he looked at&nbsp; Zhang Sanmao's group of nearly 20 people.&nbsp; "They really are fearless." Zhang Sanmao, you still claim to&nbsp;&nbsp; be acting in the people's best interests&nbsp; and leading the villagers to prosperity?&nbsp; You're a piece of trash, a scumbag. Okay, let's see how you manage to&nbsp;&nbsp; promote my house tomorrow. I'll just say it here:&nbsp;&nbsp; your cemetery and crematorium project won't&nbsp; be able to take place in our village..."&nbsp; Being insulted to his face by a junior,&nbsp; Zhang Sanmao was completely enraged.&nbsp; "You Xiao family are truly hopeless." Then you all should open your eyes wide&nbsp;&nbsp; and see how your three acres of&nbsp; land will be bulldozed tomorrow.&nbsp; I'd better have one of you who's not afraid of&nbsp; death go and block the bulldozer. If one of you&nbsp;&nbsp; dies, I'll just pay you a few hundred thousand.&nbsp; Aren't you Xiao family members tough as nails?&nbsp; I'd like to see if the Xiao family is&nbsp; as tough as they are today tomorrow.&nbsp; Let's go... After saying this, Zhang Sanmao led a&nbsp;&nbsp; group of people away from the Xiao family. "Dad, what are we going to do? These&nbsp; people...aren't they robbers...?"&nbsp; Zhang Guifen was so anxious&nbsp; she was almost in tears.&nbsp; "Sigh... what should I do? I don't know&nbsp; what to do either. I never thought Old&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhang was this kind of person. You can&nbsp; never truly know a person's heart..."&nbsp; "Brother, sister-in-law, don't worry, we'll go&nbsp; to the fields tomorrow. I still have a can of&nbsp;&nbsp; gasoline at home. If any excavator dares to push,&nbsp; we'll just burn it and its crew to the ground..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was both moved and sighed; his&nbsp; second uncle was as ruthless as ever...&nbsp; "Mom and Dad, Uncle, there's no need&nbsp; to go to so much trouble. Don't worry,&nbsp;&nbsp; they can't take our land, and their project won't&nbsp; be able to be implemented in our village..."&nbsp; You don't need to worry about it. Eat and&nbsp; drink as you please, leave the rest to me.&nbsp; "Son, are you sure you can do it?" Xiao Jianguo asked worriedly.&nbsp; "Dad, have you forgotten about those&nbsp; 240 small goals? Do you think they'll&nbsp;&nbsp; be richer than your son?" Xiao Jianguo shook his head!&nbsp; "That solves it. Money makes the world go round." "Just be prepared to see how your&nbsp;&nbsp; son deals with them tomorrow." After settling his parents and uncle in,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang returned to his own room. I made several phone calls in a row.&nbsp; It's not worth getting&nbsp; worked up over these people.&nbsp; After arranging everything, Xiao Qiang lay down on&nbsp; the wooden bed he had slept on for more than ten&nbsp;&nbsp; years; everything was so familiar. Around 8 p.m., the two Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; brothers continued drinking heavily. There was no other way; Xiao Qiang had&nbsp;&nbsp; brought back over 10,000 yuan worth of food from a&nbsp; five-star hotel, and he had to finish it quickly.&nbsp; "Second brother, is my Moutai good?" "It has to taste good... Bro, have a drink..."&nbsp; "Then you better do a good job as the deputy&nbsp; general manager from now on, and your brother&nbsp;&nbsp; will definitely not treat you unfairly..." Xiao Jianguo was still under the influence&nbsp;&nbsp; of the alcohol from lunch, and after&nbsp; only a couple of ounces in the evening,&nbsp;&nbsp; he started acting like a general manager. "No problem, brother, no, General Manager Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; from now on, if we brothers work together,&nbsp; we can achieve anything... Let's make this&nbsp;&nbsp; little shop bigger and stronger... Let's&nbsp; break out of Earth and head to space..."&nbsp; Just as the two brothers were toasting each other,&nbsp;&nbsp; eighteen identical Mercedes-Benz vans&nbsp; pulled up outside the Xiao family's gate.&nbsp; The Xiao family's dog barked&nbsp; wildly when it heard the noise.&nbsp; "Hey? What's that noise outside? Is the&nbsp; dog in heat today? He's usually so quiet,&nbsp;&nbsp; why is he barking so much today?" "Come on, brother, let's go out and see&nbsp;&nbsp; if that bastard Zhang Sanmao is up to something." "Go... Guifen, go... get our shovels and hoes.&nbsp;&nbsp; If they dare to cause trouble, chop them&nbsp; down one by one, chop down two by two..."&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo was clearly drunk&nbsp; again and was acting wildly.&nbsp; "Mom, don't listen to Dad. Maybe he's&nbsp; not one of Zhang Sanmao's people..."&nbsp; Zhang Guifen, naturally, couldn't listen to the&nbsp; drunkard's words, and followed him out the door.&nbsp; After everyone went outside, they saw 70 men&nbsp; dressed in black carrying something out of&nbsp;&nbsp; eight vans behind them. The one leading the&nbsp;&nbsp; group was none other than Su Rui. What they were carrying were all boxes of unopened&nbsp;&nbsp; Moutai liquor, including Flying Fairy, Zodiac&nbsp; series, and even aged Moutai over 20 years old.&nbsp; Upon seeing Xiao Qiang and his group&nbsp; emerge, Su Rui immediately ran over.&nbsp; "Hello, uncles and aunts, I am Su Rui,&nbsp; an employee of General Manager Xiao."&nbsp; "Ah...ah...hello Xiao&nbsp; Su...what's going on here...?"&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo's not-so-bright&nbsp; brain was also stunned.&nbsp; "Uncle, here's some drink for you..." "Brother Rui, let everyone move it inside."&nbsp; Then more than 70 people began to move in&nbsp;&nbsp; one after another, until most of the wedding house&nbsp; that Xiao Jianguo built for his son was occupied.&nbsp; At this point, the Xiao brothers regained&nbsp; their senses and recognized what the drink was.&nbsp; Xiao Weiguo swallowed hard. "Brother, there&nbsp; must be over a hundred cases of Moutai here..."&nbsp; "Brother...Mr. Xiao, you probably won't&nbsp; be able to finish this anytime soon,&nbsp;&nbsp; could you spare a few cases for your brother?" Xiao Jianguo doted on his younger brother&nbsp;&nbsp; since childhood, so how could he really be&nbsp; stingy with him? However, that didn't stop&nbsp;&nbsp; him from teasing his brother. "Then let's hear you call me&nbsp;&nbsp; 'President Xiao' a few more times?" "President Xiao, Great President Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; Dear President Xiao... Enough already, bro..." "Alright, alright, take twenty cases back later,&nbsp;&nbsp; come back for more after you've&nbsp; finished drinking them..."&nbsp; Xiao Weiguo was instantly&nbsp; overwhelmed with emotion,&nbsp;&nbsp; hugging his older brother and kissing him several&nbsp; times, exclaiming, "You really are my brother..." Chapter 164 A Bad Start, First Dirt "Xiao Su, are you&nbsp;&nbsp; all Xiao... Xiao Qiang's subordinates?" After everyone finished their work,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo began to inquire about&nbsp; the background of these young people.&nbsp; "Uncle, yes, we are Mr. Xiao's subordinates." "Oh! So you're also from Qiangsheng Real Estate?"&nbsp; "No, that's not it. We're from&nbsp; Qiangsheng Security Company..."&nbsp; "Oh! How many employees does your company have?" "Uncle, Qiangsheng Security currently has 986&nbsp;&nbsp; employees..." Xiao Jianguo&nbsp;&nbsp; wanted to continue his probing questions,&nbsp; but Xiao Qiang interrupted him directly.&nbsp; "Dad, that's enough. Asking any more&nbsp; will involve company secrets..."&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo was taken aback. "Am I the&nbsp; son, or are you the son...? Are you...?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang turned to look at Xiao Weiguo,&nbsp; "Second Uncle, work hard in the future. I&nbsp;&nbsp; think you could do a great job as the&nbsp; supermarket general manager too..."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Xiao Jianguo panicked, and the&nbsp; effects of the alcohol he had just taken hold of&nbsp;&nbsp; him. "Xiao Su, you two go ahead with your&nbsp; business. I won't bother you any longer..."&nbsp; After saying that, she glanced guiltily at her&nbsp; son, thinking to herself, "I'm doomed. I've been&nbsp;&nbsp; completely outmaneuvered by my son..." "Second Uncle, work hard from now on.&nbsp;&nbsp; Getting promoted from deputy general manager to&nbsp; full-time is just a matter of a word from me..."&nbsp; Then he glanced at his&nbsp; father almost imperceptibly.&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo turned his head&nbsp; away guiltily, "At least I've&nbsp;&nbsp; managed to keep my position as general manager." After the operation was completed, the 70 security&nbsp;&nbsp; personnel reflexively gathered together, lined up&nbsp; in 7 rows, and each stood in a military posture.&nbsp; Having served in the military, Xiao Jianguo&nbsp; quickly recognized that familiar feeling.&nbsp; "Brothers, thank you for making&nbsp; this long journey from Yanjing."&nbsp; Brother Rui, let's go to the city tonight and stay&nbsp; overnight. You can come back at 7 a.m. tomorrow.&nbsp; "I'll treat everyone to a&nbsp; good meal and drinks tonight."&nbsp; Su Rui nodded, then said goodbye to Xiao's&nbsp; parents and led the team towards Jin City.&nbsp; On a winter morning,&nbsp;&nbsp; the sun seemed to be sleeping in; it was past&nbsp; seven o'clock and the sky was still a bit gloomy.&nbsp; Two excavators and one bulldozer were&nbsp; parked on the large open space in front&nbsp;&nbsp; of village secretary Zhang Sanmao's house. Zhang Sanmao addressed the middle-aged man in&nbsp;&nbsp; a black suit who had accompanied him yesterday. "Mr. Li, rest assured, today I will completely&nbsp;&nbsp; raze Xiao Jianguo's three acres of land to the&nbsp; ground. Even if it's just to make an example of&nbsp;&nbsp; him, let's see who dares to disagree afterward..." The "General Manager Li" that Zhang Sanmao&nbsp;&nbsp; mentioned is Li Erhu, the developer of this&nbsp; cemetery and crematorium. He was originally&nbsp;&nbsp; a hoodlum who started out as a hoodlum. After&nbsp; making his fortune, he used some connections to&nbsp;&nbsp; launder his money and his business was thriving. Recently, he secured this cemetery and crematorium&nbsp;&nbsp; project through a connection. Li Erhu's face was fierce.&nbsp; "If this had happened before, I would have broken&nbsp; one of his arms and one of his legs immediately."&nbsp; "Dare to speak ill of me, Li Erhu?&nbsp; I think he's tired of living..."&nbsp; Although he has been exonerated, the ruthlessness&nbsp; in his bones cannot be concealed no matter what.&nbsp; Behind Li Erhu stood about a hundred young&nbsp; men with shaved heads and wearing suits.&nbsp; They're all sleazy and hilarious. Zhang Sanmao waved his hand and&nbsp;&nbsp; shouted, "Let's go!" The three pieces of&nbsp;&nbsp; engineering equipment immediately roared to life. In order to thoroughly intimidate the villagers,&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhang Sanmao and his entourage deliberately&nbsp; made a grand entrance through the village.&nbsp; It displayed an extremely&nbsp; arrogant and domineering attitude.&nbsp; Just as we were about to head up&nbsp; the mountain, we saw five large&nbsp;&nbsp; road rollers parked neatly on the road. "Holy crap, which bunch of blind fools&nbsp;&nbsp; parked their cars here?" "Damn it, I'm calling&nbsp;&nbsp; the traffic cop to give you a ticket..." When the henchmen leading the way saw that&nbsp;&nbsp; the road was blocked, they started cursing. Zhang Sanmao and Li Erhu got out of the&nbsp;&nbsp; car and came to the road roller&nbsp; blocking the road, looking at the&nbsp;&nbsp; large "Qiangsheng Group" logo on the machine. "It must have been done by the Xiao family..."&nbsp; "Damn it... let's go, let's take another route..." After trying four different mountain paths&nbsp; and enduring countless mouthfuls of dust,&nbsp;&nbsp; they discovered that all the roads leading&nbsp; to the Xiao family's three acres of land&nbsp;&nbsp; were blocked by road rollers. Zhang Sanmao and Li Erhu's&nbsp;&nbsp; expressions turned extremely fierce. He hissed, "Xiao Jianguo, do you think&nbsp;&nbsp; you can stop us like this?" "Dig up this little hill&nbsp;&nbsp; next to the road roller for me..." Li Erhu was seething with anger and&nbsp;&nbsp; didn't care about anything else. At this moment,&nbsp; all he wanted to do was dig up the three acres of&nbsp;&nbsp; land belonging to the Xiao family and watch them&nbsp; beg for mercy with their faces covered in dust.&nbsp; Only in this way can his resentment at being&nbsp; stuck in a rut and eating dirt be relieved.&nbsp; The "small mountain" that Li Erhu&nbsp; mentioned was no small thing at all;&nbsp;&nbsp; after all, it was a mountain. Two excavators&nbsp; and a bulldozer worked hard for three hours&nbsp;&nbsp; before they could barely dig out a passage. More than a hundred grime-covered underlings,&nbsp;&nbsp; armed with shovels, set off in a grand&nbsp; procession towards the Xiao family's&nbsp;&nbsp; mountain land, led by excavators and bulldozers. At this moment, Xiao Jianguo, Xiao Weiguo, Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang, Su Rui, and Yu Ming were sitting in a tent&nbsp; on the construction site, eating a sumptuous meal&nbsp;&nbsp; that had just been packed from a hotel. In the dozen or so Mercedes-Benz vans&nbsp;&nbsp; parked nearby, the men from Qiangsheng&nbsp; Security were also eating meat heartily.&nbsp; Xiao Weiguo: "Xiaoqiang, why haven't&nbsp; Zhang Sanmao and the others arrived&nbsp;&nbsp; yet... I miss him so much... I just&nbsp; want to see how much dirt he's eaten..."&nbsp; At that moment, the rumbling sound of&nbsp; an engine grew louder as it approached.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang gave Su Rui a wink, and Su&nbsp; Rui immediately stood up and shouted to&nbsp;&nbsp; the brothers in the car, "Brothers,&nbsp; stop eating, get ready to work..."&nbsp; Everyone obeyed orders, put down their bowls&nbsp; and chopsticks, and tidied up their equipment.&nbsp; Then stand aside. The Mercedes that Zhang&nbsp;&nbsp; Sanmao and Li Erhu were riding in quickly climbed&nbsp; the earthen slope and arrived at the wide flat&nbsp;&nbsp; area where Xiao Qiang and his group were. If you climb another hill from where Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang and his group are, you'll reach&nbsp; the Xiao family's three acres of land.&nbsp; By this time, Zhang Sanmao and Li Erhu&nbsp; were starving and parched. After getting&nbsp;&nbsp; off the vehicle, they saw that the Xiao&nbsp; family father and son even had a tent,&nbsp;&nbsp; and inside the tent were big fish and meat&nbsp; dishes, and even several bottles of Moutai...&nbsp; This completely broke their&nbsp; defenses! Especially Li Erhu.&nbsp; I led my brothers to eat dirt there, and you're&nbsp; here drinking and eating meat like crazy?&nbsp; You're really not treating me,&nbsp; Li Erhu, like a human being!&nbsp; At this moment, about a hundred henchmen carrying&nbsp; shovels and hoes also came up behind Li Erhu.&nbsp; That guy was in a truly pitiful state! His originally dark suit was now covered&nbsp;&nbsp; with a thick layer of dirt, and his hair&nbsp; and face were covered in dirt; he looked&nbsp;&nbsp; no better than the cement-carrying uncle. Xiao Qiang and the others burst out laughing&nbsp;&nbsp; at the disheveled state of Li Erhu and&nbsp; his gang, and happiness is contagious.&nbsp; Soon, Xiao Qiang's group of seventy&nbsp; or eighty people burst into laughter.&nbsp; "Zhang Sanmao, Li Erhu, where are you&nbsp; leading your henchmen to eat dirt?"&nbsp; "Are you full? If not, look at the yellow&nbsp; earth under your feet, it should be enough&nbsp;&nbsp; to feed you for hundreds of years..." Xiao Weiguo hadn't received much&nbsp;&nbsp; formal education, but his sharp words&nbsp; earned him applause from Xiao Qiang. Chapter 165 A complete and utter bastard Since Li Erhu cleaned up his act, he has become a&nbsp;&nbsp; successful man, with a group of underlings running&nbsp; errands for him every day, looking very powerful.&nbsp; He hadn't seen himself in such a disheveled&nbsp; state in many years, and now he was being&nbsp;&nbsp; mocked by the farmer Xiao Weiguo. This made him even angrier, thinking,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Just because I'm not showing my teeth&nbsp; doesn't mean I'm some kind of pushover."&nbsp; Although he saw that there were many people behind&nbsp; the other side and knew that the other side had&nbsp;&nbsp; obviously found help, Li Erhu, who had never&nbsp; known the meaning of backing down since his debut,&nbsp;&nbsp; didn't care. Besides, he had the advantage in&nbsp; numbers, so what was there to be afraid of!&nbsp; "Xiao Lao Er, since you're courting&nbsp; death, don't blame me. Go and kill him.&nbsp;&nbsp; Kill anyone who tries to stop you. If anything&nbsp; goes wrong, it's my responsibility, Li Er Hu."&nbsp; A hundred or so of his men immediately&nbsp; raised shovels and hoes and charged&nbsp;&nbsp; towards Xiao Qiang and his group. As they ran, the loose dust on Li&nbsp;&nbsp; Erhu's men swirled around, even&nbsp; blinding many of the underlings.&nbsp; Before they even got close to Xiao&nbsp; Qiang and his group, twenty or thirty&nbsp;&nbsp; of them stopped and started rubbing their eyes. As the group of thugs charged toward the crowd,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Rui made a gesture to the 70 men&nbsp; from Qiangsheng Security. The first two&nbsp;&nbsp; rows of 20 men immediately stepped forward&nbsp; and blocked Xiao Qiang and his group.&nbsp; Li Erhu's face twisted into a ferocious&nbsp; grin. "You think 20 men can stop 120 of us&nbsp;&nbsp; with their bare hands? Wishful thinking!" Zhang Sanmao chimed in with a compliment,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Exactly, they're overestimating&nbsp; themselves. But Mr. Li, if someone&nbsp;&nbsp; gets killed, it could have unpredictable&nbsp; consequences for the project's success."&nbsp; Li Erhu grinned, "What's there to be afraid of?&nbsp; Don't worry, I'll handle anything that happens."&nbsp;&nbsp; But seeing Zhang Sanmao's nervous expression&nbsp; beside him, he chuckled again, "Secretary Zhang,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can't stand firm if you're not ruthless!" Zhang Sanmao felt like he was being roasted&nbsp;&nbsp; over a fire, and with no other&nbsp; choice, he could only force a smile.&nbsp; While the two were having their own&nbsp; thoughts during their conversation,&nbsp;&nbsp; their forces had already clashed. Although Qiangsheng Security only&nbsp;&nbsp; deployed 20 people, and they were unarmed,&nbsp; the battle between a group of thugs and&nbsp;&nbsp; professional special forces was still one-sided. One after another, Li Erhu's men were kicked&nbsp;&nbsp; and slapped away. After falling backward,&nbsp; they were basically powerless to fight and&nbsp;&nbsp; lay on the ground howling in pain. Even those who could stand up pretended&nbsp;&nbsp; not to be able to get up, lying on the&nbsp; ground groaning as if they were sick.&nbsp; This group of people bullies the weak and&nbsp; fear the strong. They can bully ordinary&nbsp;&nbsp; people and act tough in front of them, but&nbsp; when they see that the other party is tough,&nbsp;&nbsp; they all play the game of pretending to be dead. Seeing this one-sided scene, Zhang Sanmao felt a&nbsp;&nbsp; little fortunate. If Li Erhu's men&nbsp; had really gained the upper hand,&nbsp;&nbsp; the casualties would have been unavoidable,&nbsp; which would have had a terrible impact on him.&nbsp; Li Erhu felt a chill run down his spine&nbsp; as he looked at the scene before him.&nbsp; Who the hell is this god? How can he be so good at fighting? My underlings&nbsp;&nbsp; are like kindergarteners fighting an adult in&nbsp; front of him, they get completely thrashed...&nbsp; In less than five minutes, all 120 of&nbsp; their men were lying on the ground.&nbsp; The 20 men in black didn't even pant; they simply&nbsp; dusted themselves off and returned to their ranks&nbsp;&nbsp; with disgusted expressions. this?……&nbsp; After the dust in the air had&nbsp; settled, Xiao Qiang stepped forward.&nbsp; "Li Erhu and Zhang Sanmao?" Are you trying to forcibly take over my land?&nbsp; "You guys aren't very good either?"&nbsp; The people behind him burst&nbsp; into laughter in perfect unison.&nbsp; This made the two men feel somewhat embarrassed,&nbsp; as if they had overstated their words. Zhang&nbsp;&nbsp; Sanmao could only helplessly turn&nbsp; his gaze to Li Erhu beside him.&nbsp; "Mr. Li, what should we do?" If we don't make an example&nbsp;&nbsp; of them this time and let the villagers follow&nbsp; suit, then our project is very likely to fail!&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Li Erhu's face darkened&nbsp; considerably. He pulled out a walkie-talkie&nbsp;&nbsp; and ordered, "Go up there and forcibly&nbsp; demolish those three acres of land..."&nbsp; The excavators and bulldozers below the slope&nbsp; behind received the order and started up again.&nbsp; "Xiao Jianguo, even if you find helpers,&nbsp; so what if they are good at fighting?"&nbsp; I'll have the bulldozers bulldoze your&nbsp; three acres right now. You dare send&nbsp;&nbsp; your henchmen to block the bulldozers?&nbsp; Let's see if I dare run them over..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang laughed heartily upon hearing this. "Li Erhu, don't worry, I won't stop you. Let&nbsp;&nbsp; them go up there. If they can demolish&nbsp; my house, then you'll be truly capable."&nbsp; If you can't push my son&nbsp; away, then you're a coward!&nbsp; "A complete and utter bastard!" Seeing that the other party was&nbsp;&nbsp; still mocking him, Li Erhu was almost going&nbsp; berserk. He went straight to a bulldozer.&nbsp; "Get out, I'll drive it myself." The bulldozer driver immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; gave up the driver's seat. Li Erhu felt&nbsp; that only by personally driving the&nbsp;&nbsp; bulldozer and completely destroying the Xiao&nbsp; family's land could he vent his resentment.&nbsp; He sat in the driver's seat, slammed on&nbsp; the gas pedal, and looked at the Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; family father and son provocatively, only to&nbsp; see Xiao Qiang's equally provocative smile.&nbsp; That's infuriating! Li Erhu hadn't acted like this for many years.&nbsp;&nbsp; At this moment, he had completely reverted to&nbsp; his true nature—a thug and a hooligan—having&nbsp;&nbsp; lost all pretense of being a civilized person. He floored the accelerator, and the bulldozer,&nbsp;&nbsp; billowing thick black smoke, rushed toward&nbsp; the hillside not far away. Seeing how brave&nbsp;&nbsp; the leader of the family was, the two&nbsp; excavators behind him also floored the&nbsp;&nbsp; accelerator and followed in his footsteps. The 200-meter mountain road was covered in&nbsp;&nbsp; an instant by the bulldozers. Looking at the 30-degree steep&nbsp;&nbsp; slope in front of him, Li Erhu stepped on the gas&nbsp; again, and the bulldozer rushed up the hillside.&nbsp; But as soon as he went uphill, the&nbsp; scene he saw shocked Li Erhu so much&nbsp;&nbsp; that he immediately slammed on the brakes. The excavator following closely behind&nbsp;&nbsp; wasn't paying attention and rear-ended it. Li Erhu stared blankly at the twenty large&nbsp;&nbsp; road rollers parked in front of him. These&nbsp; twenty road rollers not only blocked his way,&nbsp;&nbsp; but also crushed his heart. Suddenly, all twenty road rollers&nbsp;&nbsp; started up, their engines roaring loudly. Then, all twenty road rollers simultaneously&nbsp;&nbsp; honked their horns, the loud blaring causing&nbsp; Li Erhu to involuntarily cover his ears.&nbsp; Just as Li Erhu was at a loss, the twenty road&nbsp; rollers actually began to roll over his bulldozer.&nbsp; Just as Li Erhu was thinking, "I don't&nbsp; believe you dare to ram my bulldozer!",&nbsp;&nbsp; the twenty road rollers were already less&nbsp; than 10 meters away from his bulldozer.&nbsp; Moreover, the resonance generated by the&nbsp; twenty road rollers rolling over the road&nbsp;&nbsp; surface caused the entire ground to vibrate. Li Erhu panicked completely at this point,&nbsp;&nbsp; hurriedly shifting into reverse and backing up. The two henchmen behind him saw their boss&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly reverse and quickly backed away. that's all!&nbsp; The more fiercely Li Erhu charged forward&nbsp; earlier, the more pathetic his retreat became.&nbsp; After going downhill, due to&nbsp; the narrowness of the road,&nbsp;&nbsp; three road rollers chased after them&nbsp; all the way, forcing Li Erhu and the&nbsp;&nbsp; others to retreat to the position where Xiao&nbsp; Qiang and the others were before stopping.&nbsp; "Hey! Li Erhu, what brings you back again???" Aren't they going to demolish my land?&nbsp; You're back so soon? What a bastard! Chapter 166 Li Erhu Admits Defeat At this moment, Li Erhu had been&nbsp;&nbsp; completely subdued and had lost all his temper,&nbsp; while Zhang Sanmao, standing beside him,&nbsp;&nbsp; was also looking at the Xiao family father and&nbsp; son with a shocked expression, lost in thought.&nbsp; What the hell went wrong? Xiao Qiang once again adopted an&nbsp;&nbsp; aggressive demeanor and stepped forward directly. "Li Erhu, I gave you a chance to take my&nbsp;&nbsp; family's land, but you're too useless!" And you, Zhang Sanmao, my dad even said&nbsp;&nbsp; we were old friends, and I even called&nbsp; you uncle, but you have no feelings for&nbsp;&nbsp; neighbors or relatives whatsoever, only&nbsp; your own interests. You're utter trash.&nbsp; Now, Zhang Sanmao and Li Erhu have&nbsp; suffered repeated setbacks and have lost&nbsp;&nbsp; their previous arrogant and domineering attitude. Despite being insulted and cursed by Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; he didn't dare utter a single word. "Old Xiao, aren't you going&nbsp;&nbsp; to do anything about your son?" We're old buddies, best brothers. You&nbsp;&nbsp; can't let a little misunderstanding&nbsp; ruin our relationship like this.&nbsp; It was Zhang Sanmao who spoke up. He was a master&nbsp; of opportunism and a shameless person. Seeing that&nbsp;&nbsp; his side was suffering repeated setbacks and could&nbsp; not gain any advantage, he started to curry favor.&nbsp; The key point is that they could say such&nbsp; shameless things so smoothly, and instead of&nbsp;&nbsp; reflecting on their own mistakes, they seemed&nbsp; to be blaming Xiao Jianguo for being petty.&nbsp; This truly broadened Xiao Jianguo's horizons! Seeing his father's troubled expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was about to speak up to help&nbsp; him out when Xiao Jianguo spoke up instead.&nbsp; "Old Zhang, there's no misunderstanding&nbsp; between us, is there?!"&nbsp; Everything that happened today&nbsp; is entirely your own fault!&nbsp; Besides, it seems like there's&nbsp; practically no relationship between us.&nbsp; Zhang Sanmao&nbsp;&nbsp; was rendered speechless by Lao Xiao's tactic of&nbsp; using the opponent's own methods against him.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was also taken aback. It&nbsp; seemed that his father had finally&nbsp;&nbsp; seen the light. He was no longer bound&nbsp; by the neighborly relations that the&nbsp;&nbsp; other party considered worthless . It seems that if the time is right,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can give my father some more responsibilities! “Zhang Sanmao, Li Erhu, I told you yesterday&nbsp;&nbsp; that you can’t take my land, and this project&nbsp; won’t be able to be implemented in our village,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you just wouldn’t believe me!” "Li Erhu, do you think our village's&nbsp;&nbsp; local produce tastes good or something?" Li Erhu was now in a bit of a predicament,&nbsp;&nbsp; his small eyes darting around nervously. Suddenly he spoke up again, “Old Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; how about this? I’ll contribute 300,000&nbsp; yuan for your three acres of land.”&nbsp; What do you think...? When Li Erhu's threats&nbsp;&nbsp; failed, he resorted to bribery. It must be said that Li Erhu's offer&nbsp;&nbsp; was absolutely attractive; in 2008, 300,000&nbsp; yuan could buy a house in Jinshi outright.&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Xiao Jianguo was immediately&nbsp; tempted, but then he suddenly remembered that he&nbsp;&nbsp; still had 1 million yuan in cash at home! What can you do with 300,000?&nbsp; "Ask my son, he'll be in charge&nbsp; of the Xiao family from now on..."&nbsp; Everyone was speechless. Xiao Qiang chuckled,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Li Erhu, see those Mercedes behind us?&nbsp; And those road rollers you saw today..."&nbsp; Li Erhu was completely&nbsp; bewildered. "What do you mean?"&nbsp; "With this level of intelligence,&nbsp; you still dare to try your hand at&nbsp;&nbsp; business? These Mercedes and bulldozers are&nbsp; all assets of my subsidiary companies. Do you&nbsp;&nbsp; think my Xiao family needs your 300,000?" Xiao Qiang's words were like a thunderclap&nbsp;&nbsp; from a clear sky, leaving Li Erhu and&nbsp; Zhang Sanmao completely bewildered.&nbsp; Just then, Li Erhu's phone rang urgently. As soon as Li Erhu saw the name on the phone,&nbsp;&nbsp; he cautiously answered the call. "Section Chief Zhao, hello,&nbsp;&nbsp; what instructions do you have?" The person who answered the phone&nbsp;&nbsp; was Zhao Le, the head of the Housing&nbsp; and Construction Section of Jinshi City.&nbsp; "Mr. Li, I regret to inform you that the cemetery&nbsp; project you were planning to undertake in Changle&nbsp;&nbsp; Village has been urgently halted by the bureau." "What? It's been stopped? Why is that? Didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; you say there weren't any major problems?" Li Erhu panicked. He had invested a huge&nbsp;&nbsp; amount of manpower, resources, and money&nbsp; in this project in the early stages. If&nbsp;&nbsp; it was stopped, he would lose everything. Zhao Le sighed on the other end of the phone.&nbsp; "Then let me remind you, have&nbsp; you offended anyone recently?"&nbsp; After thinking it over carefully, Li&nbsp; Erhu realized that apart from having&nbsp;&nbsp; some conflicts with the Xiao family father and&nbsp; son, he hadn't had any contact with anyone else.&nbsp; Do the Xiao family father and son have that&nbsp; kind of power? To influence the decisions of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Municipal Housing and Construction Bureau? Li Erhu didn't believe it.&nbsp; "Section Chief Zhao, is there&nbsp; another purpose for those&nbsp;&nbsp; 2,800 mu of mountain land in Changle Village?" "Yes. At the same time your project was acquired,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Housing and Construction Bureau directly&nbsp; approved the cultural tourism development&nbsp;&nbsp; plan submitted by Qiangsheng Real Estate to&nbsp; transform Changle Village into Changle Town."&nbsp; You must know Qiangsheng Real Estate, right? It's&nbsp; a leading real estate company headquartered in&nbsp;&nbsp; Jinshi, and it ranks first in the country in&nbsp; terms of total real estate development volume.&nbsp; Li Erhu suddenly remembered that the bulldozer&nbsp; that had blocked the road earlier had the logo&nbsp;&nbsp; of Qiangsheng Real Estate printed on it. And just now, the young man from the Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; family said that those Mercedes and road&nbsp; rollers were all assets of his company,&nbsp;&nbsp; so wouldn't the young man in front of us be...? Li Erhu dared not think any further; he finally&nbsp;&nbsp; realized that he had truly bitten off&nbsp; more than he could chew this time.&nbsp; After hanging up the phone, Li Erhu stepped&nbsp; forward tremblingly, "Mr. Xiao... Mr. Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; are you the president of Qiangsheng Real Estate?" "I'm not him, he is!"&nbsp; As Xiao Qiang spoke, he pointed to Yu Ming,&nbsp; who was watching the commotion behind them.&nbsp; Li Erhu was confused again, "Then who are you!?" "I'm his boss..."&nbsp; Li Erhu, "..." Isn't that the same thing?&nbsp; He couldn't help but smile bitterly to himself.&nbsp; What kind of world is this? Do big shots just&nbsp;&nbsp; casually walk around on the street like this? And you even bumped into it yourself?&nbsp; "Um, Mr. Xiao... Mr. Xiao, it was I, Li&nbsp; Erhu, who was blind and didn't recognize&nbsp;&nbsp; your greatness. I'm a scoundrel, I had a&nbsp; damn foul mouth... I apologize to you..."&nbsp; Li Erhu cursed himself and slapped&nbsp; himself repeatedly, leaving his&nbsp;&nbsp; henchmen and Zhang Sanmao completely bewildered. What's wrong with the toughest guy in Jinshi?&nbsp; It's one thing to be ruthless to others,&nbsp; but why be so ruthless to yourself?&nbsp; Look, his face is all swollen, ouch...&nbsp; his mouth... is bleeding profusely...&nbsp; Xiao Qiang just watched without stopping him,&nbsp; until Li Erhu's face was almost completely&nbsp;&nbsp; swollen and bruised. Only then did Xiao Qiang&nbsp; say, "Alright, that's enough... Your mother&nbsp;&nbsp; won't even recognize you when you get back..." Li Erhu, his lips swollen thicker than if stung&nbsp;&nbsp; by a bee, mumbled incoherently, "Thank...thank&nbsp; you, Mr. Xiao. Well...I won't bother you any&nbsp;&nbsp; longer...I'll get out of here right away..." Li Erhu was a ruthless and ambitious man. When&nbsp;&nbsp; faced with someone stronger than himself, he&nbsp; would immediately back down and cut his losses.&nbsp; The hundred or so people were&nbsp; completely evacuated in a short time.&nbsp; Zhang Sanmao also took advantage of the&nbsp; chaos and ran out by blending into the crowd.&nbsp; "Nephew, why did you let that&nbsp; snobbish Zhang Sanmao go?"&nbsp; "Second Uncle, him? Hitting&nbsp; him would be too lenient."&nbsp; "Brother Rui, gather evidence of Zhang&nbsp; Sanmao's embezzlement and corruption over&nbsp;&nbsp; the years and send it to the Municipal&nbsp; Commission for Discipline Inspection!"&nbsp; Su Rui nodded. "Yu Ming, let the&nbsp;&nbsp; brothers go back. The rest of you, come with&nbsp; me to my house, I have some things to arrange."&nbsp; At that moment, a car was already&nbsp;&nbsp; parked in front of the Xiao family's house. Li Muyao entered the Xiao family home&nbsp;&nbsp; carrying several handbags. Upon hearing the clatter&nbsp;&nbsp; of leather shoes from the kitchen, Zhang&nbsp; Guifen immediately came out to greet them.&nbsp; "Hello, Auntie, I'm Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; colleague, my name is Li Muyao..." Chapter 167 Moving into the Villa Zhang Guifen stared at the stunningly beautiful&nbsp;&nbsp; and youthful girl before her, her figure and&nbsp; appearance breathtaking. She was initially taken&nbsp;&nbsp; aback, but quickly realized what was happening. "Oh, girl, are you Xiaoqiang's colleague at work?"&nbsp; Please come in quickly. He should be back soon!&nbsp; "Look, daughter, you're coming over, but&nbsp; why are you bringing all this stuff?"&nbsp; Li Muyao smiled and said, "Auntie, this&nbsp; is my first time visiting your home,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I didn't bring too much." Zhang Guifen didn't dwell on&nbsp;&nbsp; the issue too much. After welcoming&nbsp; Li Muyao into the house, she asked,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Girl, how old are you this year?" Li Muyao was taken aback at first, but&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately replied, "Auntie, I'm 24 this year..." "Oh! So, young lady, do you have a boyfriend?"&nbsp; Li Muyao realized what Xiao Qiang's mother meant,&nbsp; "Auntie, I haven't, I'm quite busy with work..."&nbsp; "Oh, honey, how can you not date just because&nbsp; you're busy? What do you think of my Xiaoqiang?"&nbsp; After Zhang Guifen finished speaking,&nbsp; she looked at Li Muyao with anticipation.&nbsp; Li Muyao's face flushed slightly, and&nbsp; she took the opportunity to smooth her&nbsp;&nbsp; hair to ease the awkwardness. "Xiao Qiang is&nbsp; quite outstanding, and a very nice person..."&nbsp; "and you…" Just as Zhang Guifen was about&nbsp;&nbsp; to personally step in and act as matchmaker, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's voice rang out, "Mom, Mu Yao, I'm back..."&nbsp; Along with them came the Xiao brothers, Yu&nbsp; Ming, and Su Rui. With everyone's return,&nbsp;&nbsp; the small courtyard became lively once again. "Mom and Dad, let's go to town together!"&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo: "What the hell? I just got&nbsp; back and haven't even had a sip of water yet,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you're already going back to the city?" Can't you have some awareness of respecting&nbsp;&nbsp; the elderly and caring for the young? "Do you want to break your dad's old bones?"&nbsp; At this moment, Xiao Weiguo nudged his&nbsp; older brother from behind and whispered,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Big brother, be careful, you might lose&nbsp; your position as general manager..."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Xiao Jianguo suddenly&nbsp; lost his confidence and stammered, "Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; what I meant was that I'm a little&nbsp; thirsty, could I have some water..."&nbsp; At the same time, he thought to himself,&nbsp; "I'm such a failure as a father..."&nbsp; Zhang Guifen also asked with a puzzled look,&nbsp; "Son, what are you going to the city for? You're&nbsp;&nbsp; so thin in this chilly weather..." Xiao Qiang smiled and said, "Mom,&nbsp;&nbsp; aren't you afraid of the cold in winter? I'll&nbsp; show you a house that won't be cold in winter."&nbsp; Look how many of my colleagues&nbsp; I have; they don't even have a&nbsp;&nbsp; place to stay when they come to our house. Upon hearing that his son wanted to look&nbsp;&nbsp; at houses, Xiao Jianguo immediately perked&nbsp; up, "Let's go, let's set off right away..."&nbsp; He's figured it out now. Why should someone&nbsp; like him, earning only 5,000 a month,&nbsp;&nbsp; worry about his son's billions?&nbsp; That would just be causing trouble.&nbsp; Upon hearing that her son wasn't planning on&nbsp; squandering the money, Zhang Guifen thought,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'd better keep that 40 million safe for&nbsp; him. Even if he squanders all those 240&nbsp;&nbsp; small goals someday, this 40 million will&nbsp; ensure he'll live a comfortable life..."&nbsp; With their own thoughts, Xiao's parents and&nbsp; Xiao Qiang got into a Mercedes-Benz van.&nbsp; After driving for 20 minutes, the&nbsp; vehicle arrived near the old town of&nbsp;&nbsp; Jinshi and finally stopped at a magnificent gate . The four gilded characters "Rongjin Family" on the&nbsp;&nbsp; plaque in the center of the gate gleamed brightly. This villa project, built in the old town&nbsp;&nbsp; of Jinshi, is a pure detached villa project&nbsp; completed by Yike Real Estate in early 2008.&nbsp;&nbsp; It covers an area of 150 acres and has a total&nbsp; of 25 villas, with the largest single villa&nbsp;&nbsp; having an area of 800 square meters. Originally scheduled to open on May 1,&nbsp;&nbsp; 2008, the project was interrupted by the global&nbsp; financial crisis at the beginning of the year,&nbsp;&nbsp; and construction of the planned fully furnished&nbsp; villas was halted due to a tight cash flow.&nbsp; Yu Ming noticed the project in July, and&nbsp; after reporting it to Xiao Qiang, he directly&nbsp;&nbsp; acquired the entire project in one go and then&nbsp; spent a lot of money on high-end renovations.&nbsp; Rongjin Shijia has now become a secluded paradise&nbsp; with pavilions, terraces, and lake views,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the community is breathtakingly beautiful. Moreover, this residential complex has never been&nbsp;&nbsp; sold to the public, and many wealthy businessmen&nbsp; have tried their best to purchase it at high&nbsp;&nbsp; prices, but have all been politely refused. Since entering this community, Xiao's parents&nbsp;&nbsp; and Xiao Weiguo have been talking non-stop&nbsp; with their exaggerated mouths. How could a&nbsp;&nbsp; community be this beautiful? This is way too luxurious!&nbsp; Yu Ming led everyone to a three-story villa&nbsp; of 600 square meters, which was fully equipped&nbsp;&nbsp; with all kinds of daily necessities, so that&nbsp; people could move in immediately upon arrival.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, this room has been arranged according&nbsp; to your wishes. It has everything you need,&nbsp;&nbsp; from all kinds of home appliances to pots, pans,&nbsp;&nbsp; oil, salt, soy sauce and vinegar." "Mom and Dad, how about you move&nbsp; into this villa from now on?"&nbsp; Zhang Guifen stared blankly at the luxurious decor&nbsp; and asked, "Son... how much did this house cost?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang chuckled, "Mom, this isn't&nbsp; much money, only three or four million!"&nbsp; Zhang Guifen felt a pang of heartache. Oh dear! This son only thinks about how to&nbsp;&nbsp; squander the family fortune! Xiao Jianguo could no longer&nbsp;&nbsp; contain his doubts. "Son, why do I see such a&nbsp; big community where none of the houses have been&nbsp;&nbsp; sold? You haven't been ripped off, have you?" "We have so many apartments in our own company,&nbsp;&nbsp; we could just live in one of them, why&nbsp; do we have to spend so much money?"&nbsp; At this moment, Yu Ming kindly reminded him,&nbsp; "President Xiao, Mr. Xiao Qiang has already&nbsp;&nbsp; bought the entire complex, so you won't&nbsp; need to pay extra for this apartment..."&nbsp; He was only in charge of&nbsp;&nbsp; the ongoing projects of Qiangsheng Real&nbsp; Estate in Jinshi City and was unaware&nbsp;&nbsp; of Qiangsheng's acquisition of Rongjin Shijia. Xiao Jianguo was too exhausted to say anything&nbsp;&nbsp; at this point. "It's your money. You&nbsp; can squander it however you want."&nbsp; Zhang Guifen said the same thing, "Son, why don't&nbsp; you take advantage of your booming career and&nbsp;&nbsp; give your mother a few small goals!" Xiao Qiang was taken aback. "Mom,&nbsp;&nbsp; what do you need so much money for?" "I'm not doing anything with it. Mom&nbsp;&nbsp; is saving it for you. If you ever fall on hard&nbsp; times, Mom will give you money to start over..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was speechless. Was this really his&nbsp; mother? Why was she always hoping her son would&nbsp;&nbsp; go bankrupt? On the same day, Mr. and Mrs.&nbsp; Xiao moved into the villa.&nbsp; Zhang Guifen suddenly felt that life was like&nbsp; a dream, and from the afternoon to the evening,&nbsp;&nbsp; she wandered around the rooms on the three floors. Meanwhile, Xiao Qiang was discussing matters with&nbsp;&nbsp; his father, second uncle, Yu Ming, Su Rui,&nbsp; and Li Muyao in the sunroom on the top floor.&nbsp; "Mu Yao, Yu Ming, expedite the implementation&nbsp; of the Chang Le Town Tourist Resort. I&nbsp;&nbsp; want to emphasize one point about this&nbsp; project: its positioning must be high."&nbsp; Leveraging the abundant forests, green spaces,&nbsp; and water resources of Changle Village,&nbsp;&nbsp; this tourist resort will be developed into&nbsp; a comprehensive cultural and tourism complex&nbsp;&nbsp; integrating distinctive tourism,&nbsp; shopping, and health and wellness.&nbsp; Based in Xishan, it radiates&nbsp; to seven surrounding provinces.&nbsp; Second, we must do a good job in resettling&nbsp; the villagers of Changle Village nearby,&nbsp;&nbsp; and ensure that the villagers do not&nbsp; suffer losses in the land transfer process.&nbsp; After the completion of Changle Town, basic&nbsp; job opportunities will be given priority to&nbsp;&nbsp; villagers of Changle Village and their children. In addition, 20% of the profit-sharing rights of&nbsp;&nbsp; the Changle Town project can be transferred&nbsp; to Changle Village free of charge, so that&nbsp;&nbsp; villagers can still receive a fixed income&nbsp; every year even if they no longer have land.&nbsp; Compared to neighboring villages,&nbsp; the villagers of Changle Village are&nbsp;&nbsp; relatively isolated and unwilling to go out to&nbsp; work, so they are generally poor. Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; who came from Changle Village, was determined&nbsp; to make his fellow villagers live a better life.&nbsp; "In addition, Mu Yao and Yu Ming, we must&nbsp; hire the top design institute in China to&nbsp;&nbsp; design the project. If we're going&nbsp; to do it, we should do it the best."&nbsp; It won't fall behind for at&nbsp; least the next twenty years.&nbsp; Li Muyao and Yu Ming nodded solemnly. At&nbsp; this time, China's cultural tourism industry&nbsp;&nbsp; had not yet flourished and was still in the&nbsp; exploratory stage of feeling one's way forward.&nbsp; However, Xiao Qiang, who had experience&nbsp; from later generations, directly used the&nbsp;&nbsp; cultural tourism of later generations as&nbsp; a blueprint for his design and planning. Chapter 168 If I don't worry about&nbsp; this soon, I'll be a grandma.&nbsp; After giving instructions regarding the details of&nbsp; Chang Le Village, Xiao Qiang changed the subject,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mu Yao, have the group's human resources&nbsp; department contact a chain supermarket&nbsp;&nbsp; operations training institution and send&nbsp; my dad and second uncle there to learn."&nbsp; I plan to first pilot the construction&nbsp; of a large chain supermarket in Jinshi.&nbsp; As the meeting was drawing to a close, Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qianghua suddenly turned around and said, "Second&nbsp; Uncle, here are the keys to Villa No. 2. It's 300&nbsp;&nbsp; square meters. You can bring your aunt, Xiao Yan,&nbsp; and Xiao Hua to live in the city together..."&nbsp; Xiao Weiguo was immediately flattered and moved to&nbsp; tears, "Nephew, your second uncle thanks you..."&nbsp; "We're all family, don't be so polite, Uncle." "Also, Mu Yao and Yu Ming, you two should each&nbsp;&nbsp; get a set and bring your uncle and aunt over to&nbsp; live with you. When we return to Jinshi, we'll be&nbsp;&nbsp; neighbors. Isn't that great? It'll be lively,&nbsp; and the elderly can look after each other..."&nbsp; The two of them didn't stand on ceremony&nbsp; with Xiao Qiang and readily accepted.&nbsp; Xiao Jianguo gained a deeper understanding&nbsp; of his son's extravagant spending habits,&nbsp;&nbsp; as he casually gave away a villa worth millions. However, he later calculated that if he gave&nbsp;&nbsp; away 5 million yuan in one day, which is&nbsp; equivalent to 240 small goals, it would be&nbsp;&nbsp; enough for his son to squander for 13 years... It seems I need to hurry up and make the&nbsp;&nbsp; supermarket a success for my son, so that&nbsp; I can continue his business in 13 years...&nbsp; This closed-door meeting&nbsp; lasted from 3 p.m. to 7 p.m.&nbsp; With the Xiao family moving in, the community's&nbsp; gourmet canteen also opened, with two five-star&nbsp;&nbsp; chefs personally cooking the delicious food. After everyone enjoyed a hearty meal, Yu Ming&nbsp;&nbsp; went back to his home in Jin City first. Su Rui,&nbsp; on the other hand, returned to the hotel to meet&nbsp;&nbsp; up with his brothers from Qiangsheng Security. "Mu Yao, it's dark and the road is long,&nbsp;&nbsp; so don't go back. Just stay at my place.&nbsp; There are plenty of rooms anyway."&nbsp; Li Muyao was taken aback, thinking to herself,&nbsp; "My home is 2 kilometers away? Is that far?"&nbsp;&nbsp; But she quickly understood Xiao Qiang's intention. "Yes, Muyao, why don't you stay here and chat with&nbsp;&nbsp; Auntie for a while? Auntie really likes you..." Zhang Guifen's words were very direct,&nbsp;&nbsp; almost asking, "Girl, would you&nbsp; like to be my daughter-in-law?"&nbsp; Li Muyao glanced at Xiao Qiang and smiled,&nbsp; "Okay, Auntie... then I'll stay here..."&nbsp; Zhang Guifen was overjoyed upon hearing&nbsp; this and pulled Li Muyao into the room.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was speechless. He just hoped his&nbsp; mother wouldn't chat with Li Muyao for too long,&nbsp;&nbsp; otherwise she wouldn't have the&nbsp; energy to talk to him anymore...&nbsp; "Dad, I'm going upstairs now. You can watch TV..." Xiao Qiang played Red Alert all by himself for&nbsp;&nbsp; over an hour in the e-sports room on the&nbsp; third floor, and then lay down on the&nbsp;&nbsp; bed out of sheer boredom. This bed is quite large;&nbsp;&nbsp; it should be big enough to fight two or&nbsp; three people, but unfortunately, at this&nbsp;&nbsp; moment he can only look at it with longing... Then Xiao Qiang... drifted off to sleep...&nbsp; In his sleep, he dreamt that he was&nbsp; having sex with a beautiful woman.&nbsp; But how can this sound be so realistic? Xiao Qiang was half-awake and half-asleep&nbsp;&nbsp; when he suddenly woke up! So, this wasn't a dream after all!&nbsp; The next day, the sun shone&nbsp;&nbsp; brightly on the earth, warming everything. Xiao Qiang went downstairs and entered the&nbsp;&nbsp; restaurant. At this time, the&nbsp; community canteen staff had&nbsp;&nbsp; already delivered the delicious food to the villa. "Son, where's Mu Yao? Go upstairs and call her..."&nbsp; "Don't wake her yet... she was quite tired&nbsp; last night... let her sleep a little longer..."&nbsp; For two or three consecutive days!&nbsp; Li Muyao would sleep in late&nbsp; every day at Xiao Qiang's house.&nbsp; Zhang Guifen finally noticed something amiss. "Son, why do you make our daughter Muyao work&nbsp;&nbsp; overtime every night? She can't even&nbsp; wake up properly in the mornings."&nbsp; While enjoying his meal, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; mumbled, "Mom, don't worry about&nbsp;&nbsp; work. You wouldn't understand anyway..." Xiao Jianguo, standing nearby, chimed in,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Exactly, why do old women worry about this..." Zhang Guifen immediately objected, "If I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; worry about it, you'll be a grandfather and&nbsp; I'll be a grandmother in a few months..."&nbsp; "puff……" "puff……"&nbsp; Zhang Guifen's words completely&nbsp; stunned Xiao Qiang and his son.&nbsp; "What?! Become a grandfather?..." Xiao Qiang wanted to resist a little&nbsp;&nbsp; longer, "Mom, what are you saying..." "What am I supposed to say? You make such&nbsp;&nbsp; a racket every night, no wonder the girl&nbsp; can't get out of bed in the morning..."&nbsp; I said to my son, "You really don't&nbsp; know how to cherish that girl."&nbsp; Also, Mom really likes Mu Yao. Why don't&nbsp; you two get your marriage certificate soon,&nbsp;&nbsp; and have kids as soon as possible&nbsp; after graduation? Two in three years,&nbsp;&nbsp; three in five years, while your parents are still&nbsp; able-bodied and can help take care of the kids..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was completely shocked. Had his mother&nbsp; climbed over the door and eavesdropped on him?&nbsp; She's only 18 years old, and she's&nbsp; already planning to have children?&nbsp; Three children in five years? If you love children so much,&nbsp;&nbsp; why didn't you two have more children back&nbsp; then? You would have a younger brother or&nbsp;&nbsp; sister now, which would be so nice. "Mom, let's discuss this later..."&nbsp; "You're such a child, you always&nbsp; change the subject whenever I&nbsp;&nbsp; try to talk to you about serious matters..." "And son, I've been living in this neighborhood&nbsp;&nbsp; for four days now, and I feel so lonely. All&nbsp; I see is your dad's old face all day long!"&nbsp; You know, I've been watching&nbsp; him for almost twenty years.&nbsp; Moreover, in a couple of days, once&nbsp; your dad and your second uncle leave,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then you all leave too,&nbsp; your mom will be all alone.&nbsp; Back then, in the village, it was nice to&nbsp; chat with neighbors and wander around...&nbsp; Now I'm saying let's go out and stroll around&nbsp; the old town of Jinshi, why don't you stay&nbsp;&nbsp; here and go with Mom...?" Xiao Qiang understood;&nbsp;&nbsp; his mother was having trouble adjusting&nbsp; after suddenly moving to the city.&nbsp; His family was the only one&nbsp; living in the entire neighborhood.&nbsp; Xiao Weiguo is still sorting out his&nbsp; belongings and hasn't moved in yet.&nbsp; After a moment's thought, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; suggested, "How about we invite my aunts,&nbsp;&nbsp; uncles, and grandfathers over to chat with you?" Zhang Guifen rolled her eyes. "That's fine. But&nbsp;&nbsp; do they have nothing better to&nbsp; do than chat with me all day?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang understood, "Alright, Mom,&nbsp; I'll figure out something for you to do."&nbsp; Three days later!&nbsp; Two buses stopped outside the gate of Rongjin&nbsp; Shijia. Xiao Qiang's grandparents, maternal&nbsp;&nbsp; grandparents, uncles and aunts, his second uncle's&nbsp; family, his eldest aunt's family, his second&nbsp;&nbsp; aunt's family, his fourth aunt's family, his&nbsp; eldest aunt's family, his second aunt's family,&nbsp;&nbsp; his third aunt's family, and his fourth&nbsp; aunt's family got off the buses one by one.&nbsp; They were carrying large and small bags! To ease his mother's discomfort after moving&nbsp;&nbsp; to the city, Xiao Qiang visited all his close&nbsp; relatives in Jin City. These relatives, of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; couldn't refuse the request to give him a villa&nbsp; for free. After quickly packing their belongings,&nbsp;&nbsp; they were all brought over by Xiao Qiang. Anyway, we didn't plan to sell this apartment;&nbsp;&nbsp; we just wanted to leave it&nbsp; to our relatives and friends.&nbsp; Only now did these relatives realize that the&nbsp; Xiao family had become incredibly wealthy!&nbsp; When Zhang Guifen saw this group&nbsp; of close relatives move in,&nbsp;&nbsp; she was initially a little annoyed by her son's&nbsp; extravagance, but she quickly felt relieved&nbsp;&nbsp; and was deeply moved by his filial piety. Xiao Qiang's grandparents were originally&nbsp;&nbsp; reluctant to move to the city, but when&nbsp; they heard that their two sons and four&nbsp;&nbsp; daughters were also there, they were happy&nbsp; to enjoy the family happiness of having their&nbsp;&nbsp; children and grandchildren around them. Which parent wouldn't want to see their&nbsp;&nbsp; children all the time for the rest of their&nbsp; life? It's just that reality doesn't allow it. Chapter 169 An Old Cow Eating Young Grass In his previous life, Xiao Qiang often&nbsp;&nbsp; lamented about one thing. Brothers and sisters who&nbsp;&nbsp; were once very close have gone their separate&nbsp; ways after growing up. If they live nearby,&nbsp;&nbsp; they can still meet a few times a year. If we live far apart, we might see each&nbsp;&nbsp; other once a year; as we get older, we might&nbsp; only see each other once every few years.&nbsp; Whenever he thinks of this scene,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang is filled with emotion,&nbsp;&nbsp; and even feels a strange sadness. Time is so cruel;&nbsp;&nbsp; young people grow old and family ties fade. At this time, he would fantasize that if all his&nbsp;&nbsp; brothers, sisters and relatives lived together,&nbsp; could see each other every day, and could&nbsp;&nbsp; continue and maintain their family ties as always. In his previous life, such a perfect scene could&nbsp;&nbsp; only exist in his imagination, but in this life,&nbsp; he has the ability to realize this perfect state.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang has given away half of the&nbsp; villa for free these past few days,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he feels incredibly happy. Yu Ming also specially arranged&nbsp;&nbsp; for the property manager to set up a chess and&nbsp; card room in the community entertainment center,&nbsp;&nbsp; so that the whole family could play mahjong&nbsp; when they were bored in their spare time.&nbsp; The property manager was instructed&nbsp; to ensure that these members of the&nbsp;&nbsp; royal family did not get bored. So the property manager racked&nbsp;&nbsp; his brains, trying to figure out how to&nbsp; keep these esteemed homeowners occupied.&nbsp; It's almost January, let's&nbsp; all go on a trip to Hainan!&nbsp; How long is the trip? About 20 days! Then, he finalized all the travel plans for the&nbsp;&nbsp; period from February to December of the following&nbsp; year, once a month for 20 days each time.&nbsp; What should we do with the&nbsp; remaining 10 days of this month?&nbsp; This really gave the property manager a headache. Yu Ming had no choice but to buy another 20&nbsp;&nbsp; acres of land on the east side of&nbsp; the residential area, level it,&nbsp;&nbsp; and let these relatives of the royal family grow&nbsp; vegetables when they had nothing else to do...&nbsp; After staying in Jin City for 15&nbsp; days, Xiao Qiang returned to Yanjing.&nbsp; New Year's Day is just around the&nbsp; corner, and the school is going to&nbsp;&nbsp; hold a grand welcome party for the new students. Principal Shi had already made 12 phone calls,&nbsp;&nbsp; urging Xiao Qiang to return to the school, saying&nbsp; he wanted to discuss important matters with him.&nbsp; The urgency made Xiao Qiang feel that if he&nbsp; didn't return to Yanjing, the school's welcome&nbsp;&nbsp; party wouldn't be able to take place. Inside the office of Shi Zhanbin,&nbsp;&nbsp; the president of Yenching University! "Xiao Qiang, you're such a busy man these&nbsp;&nbsp; days, it's really not easy to see you." "No way, as soon as Principal Shi called,&nbsp;&nbsp; I came running over like a puppy..." "Come on... I made over a dozen&nbsp;&nbsp; calls... and you only answered two..." "Don't get so hung up on the details..."&nbsp; "Alright, let's get down to business. The annual&nbsp; school-wide welcome party is in three days,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'm planning to have you give a&nbsp; speech as a representative of the new&nbsp;&nbsp; students to encourage everyone!" "You want me to lead everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; in skipping class?..." "Hey kid, be serious."&nbsp; As the most outstanding student in history and&nbsp; a business tycoon, you serve as a role model for&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone, a role model for life and learning. This will encourage freshmen to be more&nbsp;&nbsp; self-reliant and strive to create a competitive&nbsp; learning and entrepreneurial atmosphere,&nbsp;&nbsp; contributing to the economic&nbsp; development of our country!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded. "Don't worry, then&nbsp; could you allow me to improvise?"&nbsp; "That's no problem, you can decide for yourself,&nbsp; just make it as sensational as possible!"&nbsp; Yenching University is never afraid of making a&nbsp; name for itself; on the contrary, it fears nothing&nbsp;&nbsp; more than remaining unknown… Xiao Qiang did not inform Liu Qingyuan of his&nbsp; itinerary because he was planning something big.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, are you still&nbsp; busy with things in Jinshi?"&nbsp; The welcome party is about&nbsp; to start, aren't you going?&nbsp; Seeing that the welcome party was about to start&nbsp; and Xiao Qiang had not yet returned to Yanjing,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan really hoped that Xiao Qiang&nbsp; could come and watch the welcome party.&nbsp; Because Liu Qingyuan, as the leading&nbsp; lady of the school's model team,&nbsp;&nbsp; is going to participate in a catwalk&nbsp; show and a solo dance performance.&nbsp; She hopes Xiao Qiang can see the&nbsp; most beautiful version of herself!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang gave a wry smile and immediately&nbsp; replied, "Qingyuan, it's uncertain right now, but&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll try my best to get back before the party..." Looking at this ambiguous reply, Liu Qingyuan&nbsp;&nbsp; couldn't help but feel disappointed. Even looking at my favorite food,&nbsp;&nbsp; I had no appetite. Two days passed in the blink of an eye.&nbsp; Today is the grand moment of the 2008&nbsp; Yenching University Freshmen Welcome Party,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it is also the day that all Yenching&nbsp; University students look forward to the most.&nbsp; Although it's a festival for freshmen,&nbsp; many upperclassmen will also be deeply&nbsp;&nbsp; involved in today's welcome party. Qin Zhaoyue, now a junior in college,&nbsp;&nbsp; has been selected as the host of the freshman&nbsp; welcome party for the third consecutive year.&nbsp; That's right, this Qin Zhaoyue is the campus belle&nbsp; of Yan University whom Xiao Qiang met by chance at&nbsp;&nbsp; the Weiming Lake during his first visit to Yanjing&nbsp; this year, and whose first kiss he even stole.&nbsp; Many senior students also participate in&nbsp; the organization of the welcome party.&nbsp; At 3 p.m., rehearsals for the programs submitted&nbsp; by various colleges began in the 5,000-seat&nbsp;&nbsp; auditorium of Yenching University. And Qin Zhaoyue met this junior who&nbsp;&nbsp; had stolen her title as the school's&nbsp; number one beauty for the first time.&nbsp; "Junior Sister Qingyuan, your solo swan dance was&nbsp; truly exquisite, like an angel! After tonight,&nbsp;&nbsp; I wonder how many male students at Yanda&nbsp; University will be unable to sleep!"&nbsp; Backstage, Qin Zhaoyue spared no praise for&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan, who completely outshone her.&nbsp; "Senior Zhaoyue, you are&nbsp; beautiful and charming too!"&nbsp; You're the sexiest goddess in the eyes&nbsp; of all the freshmen at Yanda University!&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan also praised it. "Haha, all I can attract now&nbsp;&nbsp; is the younger students..." By the way, Qingyuan, you're&nbsp;&nbsp; so pretty, you must have a boyfriend, right? Liu Qingyuan blushed slightly, and Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; handsome face instantly appeared in her mind. But? Are we a couple?&nbsp; He hasn't confessed his feelings to me yet! Qin Zhaoyue was very good at reading people.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Qingyuan, judging from your expression,&nbsp; you must have a boyfriend... right..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan smiled slightly. "Senior,&nbsp; I have a question for you. There's a boy&nbsp;&nbsp; who clearly likes you, but he's never said&nbsp; it out loud or made it clear. What do you&nbsp;&nbsp; think their relationship is like?" Qin Zhaoyue immediately understood;&nbsp;&nbsp; it seemed this pretty junior was&nbsp; indeed troubled by this very question.&nbsp; "As long as both parties have each other in&nbsp; their hearts, I don't think it's necessary&nbsp;&nbsp; to worry about whether the unspoken&nbsp; understanding has been revealed or not,&nbsp;&nbsp; nor is it necessary to care whether the&nbsp; other party has told you they like you."&nbsp; These are all things in terms of form. The most important thing is the feelings of&nbsp;&nbsp; both parties; these are just my own opinions. Liu Qingyuan nodded. "And you,&nbsp;&nbsp; senior, do you have a boyfriend...?" Qin Zhaoyue's beautiful eyes flashed, "Me? I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; single. I'm seeing if any of this year's freshmen&nbsp; catch my eye. I'll try to date a younger guy..." Chapter 170 The Sexy Liu Qingyuan 6 PM!&nbsp; As night fell, Yenching University's welcome&nbsp; party grandly opened amidst great anticipation.&nbsp;&nbsp; The venue was brightly lit and bustling&nbsp; with activity, everyone eagerly awaiting&nbsp;&nbsp; the exciting performances to come. Qin Zhaoyue, along with two male and&nbsp;&nbsp; two female hosts, stood in the center of&nbsp; the stage, dressed in glamorous attire.&nbsp; "Qin Zhaoyue, Qin Zhaoyue..." The younger students in the audience&nbsp;&nbsp; had already started chanting Qin Zhaoyue's&nbsp; name wildly, and some boys even held up light&nbsp;&nbsp; boards with Qin Zhaoyue's name on them. Qin Zhaoyue's influence among the male&nbsp;&nbsp; students at Yenching University is evident. Qin Zhaoyue herself waved to the audience in&nbsp;&nbsp; a graceful manner and even blew a kiss. This charming and alluring gesture&nbsp;&nbsp; drew cheers from the boys in the audience. Meanwhile, next to Principal Shi Zhanbin, Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang was wearing a fitted suit and high-end&nbsp; leather shoes, and his hairstyle appeared to&nbsp;&nbsp; have been specially styled by a hairstylist. He appeared incredibly handsome, and coupled&nbsp;&nbsp; with the subtle sense of vicissitudes he had&nbsp; experienced in two lifetimes, his overall&nbsp;&nbsp; demeanor was exceptionally outstanding. Next to Xiao Qiang were the school's other&nbsp;&nbsp; vice-principals, deans of various&nbsp; departments, and other leaders.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang had already recognized Qin&nbsp; Zhaoyue on stage. Qin Zhaoyue, dressed&nbsp;&nbsp; in an evening gown and exuding a unique charm,&nbsp; reminded Xiao Qiang of the romantic encounter&nbsp;&nbsp; he had with this sexy senior earlier this year. He was used as a shield by his senior to deal with&nbsp;&nbsp; the harassment from the rich second-generation&nbsp; Zou Kai, and he took the opportunity to not only&nbsp;&nbsp; hug his senior, but also kiss her red lips. Although Qin Zhaoyue saw the handsome boy&nbsp;&nbsp; sitting in front of the principal, Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; appearance was very different from that of a&nbsp;&nbsp; pure high school student half a year ago,&nbsp; and she had only met him once. Therefore,&nbsp;&nbsp; she felt that the handsome boy looked familiar,&nbsp; but she couldn't remember him no matter what.&nbsp; After a somewhat lengthy opening speech,&nbsp; the formal cultural performance began.&nbsp; Yenching University students are not only&nbsp; academic superstars, but also incredibly&nbsp;&nbsp; talented and artistic in their performances. After an opening ethnic dance full of ancient&nbsp;&nbsp; charm, a series of performances&nbsp; followed, including love songs,&nbsp;&nbsp; energetic street dance, and a group ballet… The wonderful performance and the beautiful&nbsp;&nbsp; dancers' graceful moves drew loud cheers&nbsp; from the freshmen in the audience.&nbsp; Soon, the Yanda Model Team, led by Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan, made a grand appearance. The&nbsp;&nbsp; team consisted of 40 people, 20 men and 20&nbsp; women, all of whom were considered campus&nbsp;&nbsp; beauties or hunks from their respective colleges. The appearance of the model team instantly brought&nbsp;&nbsp; the atmosphere to a climax, with both men and&nbsp; women screaming wildly for their favorite models…&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan, as the last model to appear, wore&nbsp; a black bikini. Her long legs, full breasts,&nbsp;&nbsp; and pure and beautiful face created a&nbsp; striking contrast in her appearance.&nbsp; Sexy yet innocent... The atmosphere instantly became electric...&nbsp;&nbsp; The academically gifted male students in the&nbsp; audience had completely lost their composure&nbsp;&nbsp; and restraint, screaming wildly like madmen... At this moment, Shi Zhanbin, who was sitting&nbsp;&nbsp; next to Xiao Qiang, turned his head towards Xiao&nbsp; Qiang and whispered, "Xiao Qiang, you're quite the&nbsp;&nbsp; ladies' man while cultivating immortality..." Xiao Qiang grinned, "Principal Wang,&nbsp;&nbsp; don't be disrespectful to your elders..." As Liu Qingyuan walked the runway, her eyes&nbsp;&nbsp; kept glancing at Xiao Qiang in the stands of the&nbsp; School of Economics and Management. Little did she&nbsp;&nbsp; know that the person she was looking for was right&nbsp; under her nose in the school leadership area.&nbsp; This is a classic case of&nbsp; "blind spot under the lamp"!&nbsp; After stepping off the stage, Liu Qingyuan&nbsp; immediately prepared for her second performance—a&nbsp;&nbsp; solo swan dance. In a corner of the stage,&nbsp; she nervously adjusted her dance costume,&nbsp;&nbsp; feeling somewhat disappointed&nbsp; because she didn't see Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Just then, the host, Qin Zhaoyue, gracefully&nbsp; walked onto the stage, trailing her long dress.&nbsp; "Yan University, with its century-long&nbsp; history, has never lacked elites."&nbsp; But in 2008, there was a freshman who was&nbsp; the top scorer in the national college&nbsp;&nbsp; entrance examination. Within two months of&nbsp; starting school , he set up a pharmaceutical&nbsp;&nbsp; company and, in just five months, built the&nbsp; company's revenue to 3 billion US dollars.&nbsp; This company is now a well-deserved&nbsp; global behemoth unicorn.&nbsp; Let's welcome Xiao Qiang, a freshman from&nbsp; the Class of 2008 in the Department of&nbsp;&nbsp; Economics and Management and an outstanding&nbsp; entrepreneurial student representative,&nbsp;&nbsp; to give us a wonderful speech… When Xiao Qiang reported the progress&nbsp;&nbsp; of his business to Shi Zhanbin, he deliberately&nbsp; reduced the turnover to only 3 billion US dollars.&nbsp; If you told them it was 900 billion US dollars,&nbsp; Shi Zhanbin probably wouldn't believe it.&nbsp; As Qin Zhaoyue introduced the situation, the&nbsp; scene was once again abuzz. Just as she had said,&nbsp;&nbsp; Yanda University has never lacked business&nbsp; elites, and many of those on the current China&nbsp;&nbsp; Wealth List are graduates of Yanda University. Even so, a startup that has only been running&nbsp;&nbsp; for five months and has generated $3 billion in&nbsp; revenue from freshmen is simply too astonishing.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan's heart skipped a beat. She looked&nbsp; towards the stage with a puzzled expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; and saw a familiar figure slowly walk out&nbsp; from the spotlight. It was Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; dressed in a sharp suit, with a confident smile on&nbsp; his face, walking towards the center of the stage.&nbsp; A strange emotion welled up in Liu Qingyuan's&nbsp; heart; she was both surprised and delighted.&nbsp; She hadn't expected Xiao Qiang to be here,&nbsp; much less that he would speak in this capacity.&nbsp;&nbsp; She stared intently at Xiao Qiang on&nbsp; the stage, as if the entire world had&nbsp;&nbsp; shrunk to just the two of them. He must have seen my beautiful&nbsp;&nbsp; and charming side just now... The surprise came not only to Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; Qingyuan, but also to the host Qin Zhaoyue. Now she finally remembered the handsome boy&nbsp;&nbsp; sitting in front of the principal, Xiao Qiang! The junior student who stole her first&nbsp;&nbsp; kiss by the shore of Weiming Lake. When the other party said he was going&nbsp;&nbsp; to inspect the food at Yenching University&nbsp; in advance, I thought to myself that this&nbsp;&nbsp; kid was just bragging. I never expected that he&nbsp; would actually be the top scorer in the country!&nbsp; Then she remembered that the other party had&nbsp; made a bet that if he got into Peking University,&nbsp;&nbsp; he would have to be her his girlfriend! Qin&nbsp; Zhaoyue, of course, didn't take it to heart,&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking it was just a joke at the time. Looking at the handsome Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; she was amazed at how outstanding he was. "Being this junior's girlfriend wouldn't be bad!"&nbsp; I wonder if this outstanding&nbsp; junior has a girlfriend?&nbsp; He's probably already forgotten the&nbsp; joking remark he made back then!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang delivered a brief but&nbsp;&nbsp; powerful speech, sharing his entrepreneurial&nbsp; experience and vision for the future.&nbsp; "I am just setting an example for everyone&nbsp; today. I believe that the elites of&nbsp;&nbsp; Yenching University can inherit the excellent&nbsp; entrepreneurial genes of Yenching University,&nbsp;&nbsp; strive for excellence, and contribute&nbsp; their own strength to the rise of China."&nbsp; His voice was strong and clear, every word&nbsp; filled with confidence and determination.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan listened with rapt attention;&nbsp; she had never seen Xiao Qiang so dazzling.&nbsp; After finishing his speech, Xiao Qiang did not&nbsp; leave the stage immediately. He said softly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Next, I would like to use this&nbsp; stage to sing a song for a girl."&nbsp; The entire room fell silent instantly.&nbsp; Everyone looked at Xiao Qiang with curiosity,&nbsp;&nbsp; wondering which lucky girl had won&nbsp; the favor of such an outstanding boy. Chapter 171 Private Concert He smiled and looked in Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; Qingyuan's direction, then began to sing Jay&nbsp; Chou's "Confession Balloon" with deep emotion.&nbsp; It was already January 2009, but the song&nbsp; "Confession Balloon" had not yet been released.&nbsp;&nbsp; However, Xiao Qiang invited top composers to write&nbsp; the score based on his a cappella performance.&nbsp; Then the composer was asked&nbsp; to complete the composition.&nbsp; Since acquiring the Marrow&nbsp; Cleansing and Aphrodisiac Skill,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's singing voice is comparable to,&nbsp; or even surpasses, that of top-tier singers.&nbsp; "My dear, I fell in love&nbsp; with you from that day on."&nbsp; "Sweetness comes so easily" "My dear, I've fallen in&nbsp; love with you. (Love Diary)"&nbsp; "Memories of Perfume" "A whole bottle of dreams, all of them with you."&nbsp; "Stir them together" His voice was gentle and affectionate, every&nbsp;&nbsp; note filled with admiration for Liu Qingyuan. Liu Qingyuan was stunned. She hadn't expected&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang to confess his feelings to her in such&nbsp; a setting. Her heart was filled with surprise and&nbsp;&nbsp; emotion, and tears welled up in her eyes. After the song ended, the entire audience&nbsp;&nbsp; erupted in enthusiastic applause and cheers. Xiao Qiang turned and walked straight towards&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan. He took her hand, smiled, and&nbsp; said, "Qingyuan, will you be my girlfriend?"&nbsp; Her voice was gentle and full of affection. At this moment, all the students below the stage,&nbsp;&nbsp; upon seeing that this extraordinary entrepreneur&nbsp; was confessing his love to Liu Qingyuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; the number one beauty of Yanda University,&nbsp; felt a pang of jealousy in their hearts.&nbsp; But isn't a talented man paired with a&nbsp; beautiful woman the perfect love story&nbsp;&nbsp; that everyone yearns for? Then, shouts erupted from&nbsp;&nbsp; the stage, "Say yes... say yes..." Liu Qingyuan finally couldn't hold&nbsp;&nbsp; back her tears and hugged Xiao Qiang tightly,&nbsp; as if she wanted to pour out all her emotions.&nbsp; At that moment, she felt incredibly&nbsp; happy and content. "I...I do."&nbsp; Suddenly, countless rose petals&nbsp; rained down from above the stage,&nbsp;&nbsp; making the entire stage incredibly romantic. Looking at this enviable scene before her,&nbsp;&nbsp; and recalling her conversation with Liu Qingyuan&nbsp; before the rehearsal, Qin Zhaoyue suddenly felt&nbsp;&nbsp; that Liu Qingyuan was truly blessed. Amidst the envious gazes of the crowd,&nbsp;&nbsp; the two slowly exited the stage. Meanwhile, the three brothers Fu Hao,&nbsp;&nbsp; Mingxing, and Niu Bi, who were watching the live&nbsp; broadcast through the campus network in Jinshi,&nbsp;&nbsp; were all filled with emotion. "That son of a bitch Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang really showed off tonight..." "Sigh, the school's most beautiful&nbsp;&nbsp; girl is about to be cruelly destroyed..." "Good cabbages have all been snatched up by&nbsp;&nbsp; shameless people..." "well……"&nbsp; The three brothers had also received an&nbsp; invitation from the principal, but unfortunately,&nbsp;&nbsp; they had to meet with Jin government officials&nbsp; the next day for a working meeting and report.&nbsp; Unable to refuse, he could only watch&nbsp; as Xiao Qiang basked in glory on stage.&nbsp; Back to the Yenching University Welcome Party! The union of the talented man and beautiful&nbsp;&nbsp; woman had indeed filled the&nbsp; audience with envy, but afterwards,&nbsp;&nbsp; the crowd began to whisper among themselves. "That Mr. Xiao, the wealthy man, is not only rich&nbsp;&nbsp; and handsome, but he also seems to sing incredibly&nbsp; well, no less than those professional singers!"&nbsp; "Huh? Now that you mention it, it's true. I was&nbsp; so busy eating dog food (a Chinese slang term for&nbsp;&nbsp; witnessing public displays of affection)..." As one performance ended and Qin Zhaoyue&nbsp; was about to announce the next act,&nbsp;&nbsp; someone in the audience suddenly shouted,&nbsp; "Handsome Xiao Qiang, sing another song!"&nbsp; The sound seemed to have a model, and instantly&nbsp; countless men and women joined the wave of shouts.&nbsp; The Errenzhuan performers, who were preparing to&nbsp; go on stage behind the curtain, were extremely&nbsp;&nbsp; embarrassed. Everything was ready except for&nbsp; going on stage, but the audience stopped them.&nbsp; At this moment, Qin Zhaoyue encountered the&nbsp; first unexpected event in her three-year hosting&nbsp;&nbsp; career. If she ignored it and directly announced&nbsp; that the Errenzhuan actors would come on stage,&nbsp;&nbsp; it would obviously spoil the mood of the students. If Xiao Qiang is brought back on stage,&nbsp;&nbsp; what will happen next? Just as she was struggling&nbsp;&nbsp; with this, Principal Shi Zhanbin turned&nbsp; on the fixed microphone on the table,&nbsp;&nbsp; turned his head and found Xiao Qiang, who was&nbsp; deeply in love with Liu Qingyuan, in the viewing&nbsp;&nbsp; seats of the School of Economics and Management. "Xiao Qiang, since everyone wants to hear you&nbsp;&nbsp; sing, why don't you go up and sing a song..." Liu Qingyuan looked at Xiao Qiang beside her&nbsp;&nbsp; with admiration, "Go ahead, I&nbsp; want to hear you sing too..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang gave a helpless bitter smile,&nbsp; and without any fuss or excuses, he got up,&nbsp;&nbsp; walked onto the stage, and took&nbsp; the microphone from Qin Zhaoyue.&nbsp; The moment she took the microphone,&nbsp; Qin Zhaoyue said in a low voice,&nbsp; "Hey junior, do your best!" Xiao Qiang paused, realizing that this&nbsp;&nbsp; sexy senior had also recognized him. He smiled slightly.&nbsp; The venue fell silent instantly.&nbsp; "Since everyone is so kind,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll sing a song you haven't heard before,&nbsp; 'The Wind Blows Through the Wheat Fields'."&nbsp; "Could the sound engineer please take my&nbsp; phone? I have background music on my phone."&nbsp; "The Wind Blows Through the Wheat Fields" is&nbsp; a classic song composed in 2009 by Li Jian,&nbsp;&nbsp; a talented musician in the Chinese music scene. As the soft music began, Xiao Qiang immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; entered a state of ethereal tranquility. "Under the distant azure sky,&nbsp;&nbsp; golden waves of wheat surged..." This song instantly transports the&nbsp;&nbsp; listener to a vast, open field, where golden waves&nbsp; of wheat exude an enticing aroma, creating a sense&nbsp;&nbsp; of complete relaxation and tranquility. Xiao Qiang's voice was no longer as crisp&nbsp;&nbsp; and lively as when he sang "Confession&nbsp; Balloon"; instead, it had a deep quality,&nbsp;&nbsp; showing that he had a remarkable ability to&nbsp; handle songs with different timbres and tones.&nbsp; The audience, who had never&nbsp; heard this song before,&nbsp;&nbsp; were instantly captivated by its moving music. At this moment, Liu Qingyuan looked more like&nbsp;&nbsp; a little fangirl, staring at Xiao&nbsp; Qiang on the stage with a big smile.&nbsp; The song is over! Thunderous applause&nbsp;&nbsp; erupted instantly, and even Shi Zhanbin&nbsp; was full of praise, thinking to himself...&nbsp; "What a fucking all-rounder..." What incredible luck Yenching&nbsp;&nbsp; University has had this year! "To recruit such talent..."&nbsp; When Xiao Qiang was about to hand&nbsp; the microphone to Qin Zhaoyue&nbsp; A boy shouted loudly, "Did Xiao Qiang sing well?!"&nbsp; The thousands of spectators in the&nbsp; stands responded in unison, "Bravo!"&nbsp; "Want one more...?" "Yes! Yes! Yes!"&nbsp; The audience showed great enthusiasm,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Xiao Qiang naturally didn't refuse. "My two brothers who are performing Errenzhuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; then I'll have to trouble&nbsp; you to wait a little longer."&nbsp; After saying that, he told the sound&nbsp; engineer to play "Little Apple" on his phone.&nbsp; Upon its release in 2014, this song immediately&nbsp; became a nationwide sensation thanks to its catchy&nbsp;&nbsp; lyrics and melody, making him a national icon. As soon as the cheerful and lively prelude began,&nbsp;&nbsp; all the audience members spontaneously stood up&nbsp; and swayed joyfully to the rhythm of the music.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's deep voice was gone, replaced by an&nbsp; extremely lively and agile one. He even sang and&nbsp;&nbsp; danced, fully immersing himself in the song. Then…… The welcome party&nbsp;&nbsp; almost turned into Xiao Qiang's private concert. The Korean version of "Gangnam Style" and Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang's mesmerizing dance electrified the entire&nbsp; audience. If it weren't for the limited space,&nbsp;&nbsp; it would probably have been a massive&nbsp; horse-riding dance performance with 5,000 people.&nbsp; The song "Just Met You," with its free switching&nbsp; between male and female voices, led all the&nbsp;&nbsp; audience members to believe that a beautiful&nbsp; woman was secretly singing along, until the very&nbsp;&nbsp; end when they discovered that it was actually&nbsp; Xiao Qiang singing both voices by himself.&nbsp; Chengdu, Luoshahai City, Dragon Scales of&nbsp; Heaven and Earth, The Shepherd of Keketuhai...&nbsp; Encouraged by the audience's enthusiasm,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang sang 12 original songs in one go,&nbsp;&nbsp; bringing a spiritual shock to everyone present. Finally, Xiao Qiang joked, "I can't sing anymore,&nbsp;&nbsp; or I'll have to charge you for concert tickets..." This was just the beginning of the concert.&nbsp; The welcome party for the new&nbsp; couples was delayed by an hour. Chapter 172 Xiao Qiang, the King of Schemes At 11 p.m., the concert finally came to an end.&nbsp; All the audience members cheered and exclaimed&nbsp; that they thoroughly enjoyed the performance.&nbsp; "That was awesome! Even better&nbsp; than going to a concert..."&nbsp; Many couples also had a lot of&nbsp; hilarious and absurd conversations.&nbsp; "Honey, I want 'Romantic Balloon'&nbsp; too. Will you sing it for me?"&nbsp; "I don't know how to do it. I've been searching&nbsp; online all night, but I can't find this song..."&nbsp; "Why don't you write one&nbsp; yourself and sing it for me?"&nbsp; "...That function isn't available..." Studying polymer chemistry is alright! Singing?&nbsp;&nbsp; You might as well go listen to a donkey bray…” Meanwhile, the three brothers, who were stationed&nbsp;&nbsp; at Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine&nbsp; Clinic in Jinshi, started complaining again.&nbsp; Fu Hao: "Isn't it said that when&nbsp; God opens a window for someone,&nbsp;&nbsp; He will also close a window for them?" "I just can't see which window God&nbsp;&nbsp; closed for Xiaoqiang!" Dong Mingxing sighed,&nbsp;&nbsp; "What's the point of closing the windows?&nbsp; Heaven clearly opened all of the cockroach's&nbsp;&nbsp; windows and then forgot to close them..." Niu Bi said, "Oh my, Xiao Qiang is practically&nbsp;&nbsp; a walking encyclopedia plus an all-powerful&nbsp; Doraemon. There's nothing he can't do! He can&nbsp;&nbsp; be elegant in the living room, skilled&nbsp; in the kitchen, able to fix computers,&nbsp;&nbsp; unclog toilets, and even translate&nbsp; 'Three Hundred Tang Poems' for aliens!"&nbsp; Sometimes I wonder if he secretly downloaded the&nbsp; entire universe's knowledge base into his head.&nbsp; At this moment, Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang was holding Liu Qingyuan's soft, boneless&nbsp; hand as they walked back to the girls' dormitory.&nbsp; The two held hands tightly. Liu Qingyuan's heart was&nbsp;&nbsp; pounding all night, and she was very excited. "You haven't confessed your feelings to me for&nbsp;&nbsp; over a month, were you waiting for today?" "So, do you like it?"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan nodded, "I like&nbsp; it! Thank you, Xiao Qiang!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang: "It's a bit cold..." Liu Qingyuan: "Are you alright..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang: "Cold, I'm cold..." Liu Qingyuan: "Could it be that he caught a cold?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang: "Probably not,&nbsp; a hug will warm you up..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan: "..." Xiao Qiang didn't care&nbsp;&nbsp; whether Liu Qingyuan had reacted or not,&nbsp; he stopped and hugged her in his arms.&nbsp; This was Liu Qingyuan's first time in&nbsp; a relationship, and also her first time&nbsp;&nbsp; being hugged by a man, not in a friendly&nbsp; way, but in the way that lovers hug.&nbsp; Although she knew this day would come sooner&nbsp; or later, she didn't expect it to be so sudden.&nbsp;&nbsp; She just stood there blankly, letting&nbsp; Xiao Qiang hold her tightly in his arms.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was deeply captivated by the&nbsp; fragrance emanating from Liu Qingyuan's hair.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan, as if without any&nbsp; instruction, placed her hands&nbsp;&nbsp; on Xiao Qiang's waist and hugged him. After a tight embrace, Xiao Qiang stared&nbsp;&nbsp; intently at Li Muyao. Liu Qingyuan's rosy cheeks&nbsp; were exceptionally beautiful under the moonlight.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan asked shyly,&nbsp; "Aren't you cold anymore?..."&nbsp; "I'm not cold anymore, but&nbsp; I'm a little thirsty..."&nbsp; "ah?…" Before Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; Qingyuan could even think about what those words&nbsp; meant, a pair of fiery lips pressed against hers.&nbsp; This legendary passionate kiss&nbsp; lasted for nearly 5 minutes.&nbsp; Practice makes perfect, especially when&nbsp; it comes to the reproductive instinct&nbsp;&nbsp; that is deeply ingrained in human genes. Liu Qingyuan was a little awkward at first,&nbsp;&nbsp; and her chewing instincts were&nbsp; triggered at the slightest provocation.&nbsp; Fortunately, Xiao Qiang was a very&nbsp; patient teacher who endured the pain&nbsp;&nbsp; in his tongue and guided the students&nbsp; attentively throughout the process.&nbsp; The two stopped only when Liu Meiren was&nbsp; completely weak and had difficulty breathing.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was panting&nbsp; heavily, her face flushed.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang pulled Liu Qingyuan to&nbsp; sit on the wooden chair next to him,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Liu Qingyuan buried her head in Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; shoulder. It took her ten minutes to recover.&nbsp; From then on,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang became a well-known star at Yenching&nbsp; University. The twelve new songs that Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; sang at the welcome party were edited into a&nbsp; single and uploaded to the school's intranet.&nbsp; And this post quickly went viral! His songs became popular hits,&nbsp;&nbsp; and even Universal Music China, the&nbsp; world's largest record label, approached&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang to sign a contract, but he declined. The other party offered a 5-year, 200 million yuan&nbsp;&nbsp; contract, plus a 20% share of the record sales&nbsp; profits—a price offered to top-tier singers.&nbsp; He was ruthlessly rejected by a college student. What a joke! With that time, wouldn't it be better&nbsp;&nbsp; for Xiao Qiang to date and have sex?&nbsp; Why waste his precious time on a few&nbsp;&nbsp; hundred million in hard-earned money? In the following days, Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; having tasted the sweetness of it, became a model&nbsp; student, accompanying Liu Qingyuan to class,&nbsp;&nbsp; meals, and self-study sessions every day… Of course, Xiao Qiang would always say&nbsp;&nbsp; he was thirsty... All of Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; businesses are currently operating normally. The stock trading department is frantically&nbsp;&nbsp; buying up shares based on the targets provided by&nbsp; Xiao Qiang. With a principal of $29.2 billion and&nbsp;&nbsp; leverage of 10, the total capital has reached&nbsp; nearly $300 billion. Of this, $50 billion has&nbsp;&nbsp; already been converted into Nasdaq M shares, but&nbsp; a large amount of capital remains to be spent…&nbsp; Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall's fourth&nbsp; phase of construction has been fully operational,&nbsp;&nbsp; with 70% of its capacity dedicated to&nbsp; producing the anti-cancer drug Kangtailui.&nbsp; Of course, the produced medicines will&nbsp; be prioritized for supply to the first&nbsp;&nbsp; batch of chain pharmacies that have&nbsp; signed contracts in the Chinese market.&nbsp; After several months of perseverance, all&nbsp; of Huaxia's top-tier hospitals finally gave&nbsp;&nbsp; in and bowed their heads to Huaxia&nbsp; There was no other way; previously, income&nbsp; from cancer testing, treatment, and maintenance&nbsp;&nbsp; accounted for the majority of their annual income. But now, if a patient is diagnosed with cancer at&nbsp;&nbsp; a 5A hospital, they no longer look worried and&nbsp; terrified at the mention of cancer. Instead,&nbsp;&nbsp; they calmly go to the pharmacy&nbsp; near the hospital to buy Contara.&nbsp; It's like buying cold medicine. Because the National Health Commission of China&nbsp;&nbsp; has been vigorously promoting the idea that cancer&nbsp; has been conquered through official media such as&nbsp;&nbsp; CCTV, the perception that cancer is equivalent&nbsp; to a chronic disease is becoming increasingly&nbsp;&nbsp; popular due to this high-intensity publicity. Under these circumstances, these once arrogant&nbsp;&nbsp; 5A hospitals shamelessly came to Huaxia&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Clinic,&nbsp;&nbsp; obediently signed contracts, made advance&nbsp; payments, and then waited for Huaxia Traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese Medicine Clinic to deliver the goods. Meanwhile, at the Powerful Industrial&nbsp;&nbsp; Manufacturing Bureau, Yang Bin was also making&nbsp; steady progress, and under the guidance of the&nbsp;&nbsp; regent, Kurushenko, and Li Muyao, all the&nbsp; work was proceeding in an orderly manner.&nbsp; The ultra-large integrated die-casting&nbsp; machine and the high-altitude experimental&nbsp;&nbsp; platform have been rebuilt. Kulishenko has already begun&nbsp;&nbsp; modifying the production line left by the&nbsp; 513 Space Institute, which is now capable of&nbsp;&nbsp; conducting preliminary research and development. As instructed by Xiao Qiang, they should start&nbsp;&nbsp; with the engines of high-thrust&nbsp; transport aircraft, which is also&nbsp;&nbsp; the area where Kulishenko is most proficient. All that's needed is to redraw the blueprints,&nbsp;&nbsp; and production can begin once&nbsp; the new factory is operational.&nbsp; The new factory, with an investment of 5&nbsp; billion yuan, has already started construction&nbsp;&nbsp; despite the harsh winter and other unfavorable&nbsp; conditions for construction. Xiao Qiang set the&nbsp;&nbsp; tone by buying time with money. By April of the following year,&nbsp;&nbsp; the prototype must complete comprehensive&nbsp; testing and be put into production.&nbsp; Meanwhile, the Aero Engine Power&nbsp; Talent Reserve Center in Nan'an City&nbsp;&nbsp; has begun recruiting and training personnel,&nbsp; utilizing existing equipment for teaching.&nbsp; Qiangsheng Security has&nbsp; already obtained a gun license.&nbsp; Both of Qiangsheng Aviation's factory&nbsp; sites are secured by Qiangsheng Security,&nbsp;&nbsp; with core equipment guarded by armed&nbsp; security personnel 24 hours a day. Chapter 173 Do You Have a Female Confidante? It was another weekend, and Liu Qingyuan&nbsp;&nbsp; was going home, so Xiao Qiang&nbsp; naturally wanted to go with her.&nbsp; After Xiao Qiang loaded two boxes of Ice Skin Jade&nbsp; Complexion Lotion and two boxes of Kidney Yang&nbsp;&nbsp; Kangtai Pills, he set off with Liu Qingyuan. Knowing that her daughter and Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; were coming back, Feng Ruolan had&nbsp; already started making arrangements.&nbsp; After learning of Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; formidable strength, Liu Qingtian&nbsp;&nbsp; actually became even more resistant to his&nbsp; daughter's relationship with Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; The more successful&nbsp;&nbsp; a man is, the more women he has around him. Liu&nbsp; Qingtian only has one daughter, and his money is&nbsp;&nbsp; enough for her to live a life of luxury. He certainly didn't want his daughter to&nbsp;&nbsp; share a man's love with another woman. "Liu Qingtian, look at your face, it's&nbsp;&nbsp; stretched to almost the length of a shoehorn." What's wrong? You dislike Xiao Qiang that much?&nbsp; Are you jealous that someone so young has&nbsp; achieved more success and success in their&nbsp;&nbsp; career than you, or what? Why are you so petty?&nbsp; Liu Qingtian gave him an extremely aggrieved look. "Who said I'm jealous that kid's&nbsp;&nbsp; business is bigger than mine?" I'm doing this for my daughter's own good!&nbsp; "Didn't you see that your&nbsp; daughter and Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; relationship has already reached that point?" Did you forcibly separate the two of them?&nbsp; Is it for my daughter's own good? It would have been better if Feng&nbsp;&nbsp; Ruolan hadn't mentioned this, but the mere&nbsp; mention of her daughter having that kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; relationship with that boy caused him a&nbsp; sudden, inexplicable pain in his heart.&nbsp; "Long hair, short wit!" I admit that the guy has indeed built&nbsp;&nbsp; a great career and is truly a talented individual. But he's so rich and so young, with skewed values&nbsp;&nbsp; but handsome looks. It's inevitable that&nbsp; he'll attract unwanted attention in the&nbsp;&nbsp; future. Can you guarantee that he'll&nbsp; stay true to his original aspirations?&nbsp; Are you willing to let your daughter&nbsp; just be one of that guy's sidekicks?&nbsp; "Pfft..." After hearing&nbsp;&nbsp; her husband's reason, Feng Ruolan simply laughed. "Xiao Qiang's ability to attract attention shows&nbsp;&nbsp; that he is capable and charming." What capable man doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; have a few female confidantes? Liu Qingtian, dare you say you don't have any&nbsp;&nbsp; female confidantes outside of your relationship? "Cough cough cough..."&nbsp; Liu Qingtian's heart pounded wildly. He&nbsp; thought to himself, "Could something have&nbsp;&nbsp; been discovered...? That shouldn't be the case..." But Liu Qingtian spoke with an air of righteous&nbsp;&nbsp; indignation, "Feng Ruolan, don't slander&nbsp; a good person. My devotion to you is&nbsp;&nbsp; witnessed by heaven and earth..." If I'm lying, may the Thunder God&nbsp;&nbsp; unleash divine lightning... um... on me... Before Liu Qingtian could finish speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; lightning flashed and thunder roared in the sky,&nbsp; and a bolt of lightning even exploded nearby.&nbsp; The two stared blankly at the unusual&nbsp; astronomical phenomenon outside.&nbsp; Feng Ruolan stared at Liu Qingtian with a playful&nbsp; smile in her eyes, which sent chills down Liu&nbsp;&nbsp; Qingtian's spine. "Well…&nbsp; I think this was definitely... an accident... Feng Ruolan's expression changed, and she said&nbsp;&nbsp; with a wise but foolish look, "Liu Qingtian, I'll&nbsp; emphasize it to you again, I've decided that Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang is my son-in-law. Like I said before,&nbsp; capable people deserve to have more resources."&nbsp; Including women. When Xiaoqiang arrives,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're still giving him the cold shoulder,&nbsp; then you can go find your female confidantes&nbsp;&nbsp; from now on. With me, you're only fit to&nbsp; practice your driving test... understand?&nbsp; Liu Qingtian muttered, "Fine, I'll smile and that won't do."&nbsp; Also, I don't have... a female confidante... Feng Ruolan only glanced at Liu Qingtian,&nbsp;&nbsp; but her eyes revealed disbelief. At 10 a.m., Xiao Qiang's luxury Santana&nbsp;&nbsp; pulled up in front of the Liu family's house. Liu Qingtian was forcibly dragged by his wife,&nbsp;&nbsp; Feng Ruolan, to the door to greet&nbsp; his daughter and future son-in-law.&nbsp; Feng Ruolan: "Oh, Xiaoqiang's here...&nbsp; Come in quickly... You're here,&nbsp;&nbsp; why did you bring anything?" Liu Qingtian, what are you&nbsp;&nbsp; doing using that as a flagpole? Come and get your things right away!&nbsp; Liu Qingtian gave a wry smile and&nbsp; immediately scurried over to get the things.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang: "Uncle Liu, what's wrong today?&nbsp; You don't seem to be in a good mood!"&nbsp; Liu Qingtian: "I..." Feng Ruolan: "Your uncle has&nbsp;&nbsp; appendicitis, don't worry about him..." Xiao Qiang looked at Liu Qingtian&nbsp;&nbsp; with a puzzled expression. "Yes... I have appendicitis..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked at Liu Qingtian&nbsp; with a hint of amusement in his eyes.&nbsp; "Auntie, this is our company's Ice Skin Jade&nbsp; Complexion Whitening Lotion. It hasn't officially&nbsp;&nbsp; launched yet, but its effects are extraordinary.&nbsp; You can try it; you'll see results in two to three&nbsp;&nbsp; days... Using it will definitely make you look as&nbsp; young and beautiful as a twenty-year-old girl..."&nbsp; Feng Ruolan exclaimed in surprise, "Really?&nbsp; That's wonderful! The sun was so strong&nbsp;&nbsp; this summer that I got really tanned. I&nbsp; need to take good care of myself now..."&nbsp; Xiaoqiang, Auntie likes him very&nbsp; much, thank you so much, Xiaoqiang…”&nbsp; Seeing how much the lady of the house&nbsp; favored this boy, Liu Qing was furious.&nbsp; "It hasn't officially launched yet, can the&nbsp; product really be as effective as you say...?"&nbsp; "Uncle, the beauty products on the market&nbsp; are all tested according to the quality&nbsp;&nbsp; inspection standards for beauty products,&nbsp; which can only guarantee their safety."&nbsp; They cannot guarantee the&nbsp; specific effects of the makeup.&nbsp; Our Ice Skin Jade Whitening Lotion&nbsp; has passed the clinical review of&nbsp;&nbsp; the National Medical Products Administration&nbsp; in accordance with pharmaceutical standards.&nbsp; Therefore, the effects of our product&nbsp; are absolutely real and effective.&nbsp; "We haven't launched it yet because our company's&nbsp; production capacity is already at full capacity,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we don't have any spare capacity&nbsp; to produce this product at the moment."&nbsp; Feng Ruolan laughed even harder upon hearing&nbsp; this, "Liu Qingtian, if you don't understand,&nbsp;&nbsp; don't spout nonsense..." Liu Qingtian felt&nbsp;&nbsp; utterly humiliated after being scolded! He then stopped talking and took the items&nbsp;&nbsp; from Xiao Qiang's hands: two boxes of Ice Skin&nbsp; Jade Complexion Lotion, which were quite heavy.&nbsp; Upon closer inspection, all that was given&nbsp; to me were two small boxes of something.&nbsp; I looked left and right, but I&nbsp; still couldn't see what was inside.&nbsp; Although he was curious, he couldn't&nbsp; bring himself to open it and look inside.&nbsp; The only time to take a look was when the items&nbsp; were in the dressing room and no one was looking.&nbsp; "Shenyang Kangtai Pills?" "That kid's so stingy, only two boxes?"&nbsp; Just as Liu Qingtian was muttering to himself,&nbsp; a chilling voice came from behind him.&nbsp; "Uncle Liu, don't underestimate this&nbsp; medicine. One pill can keep you sexually&nbsp;&nbsp; satisfied for two months. These two boxes&nbsp; are enough for you to use for three years."&nbsp; Moreover, this medicine isn't available&nbsp; on the market; it's a special edition!&nbsp; Liu Qingtian was taken aback.&nbsp; "Really? A special edition?"&nbsp; "Who would I possibly fool? It works wonders..." Seeing Xiao Qiang's lewd expression, Liu Qingtian&nbsp;&nbsp; felt another pang of pain in his heart.&nbsp; Wouldn't this brat bully his daughter badly?&nbsp; As soon as Liu Qingyuan returned,&nbsp; Feng Ruolan pulled her into her room.&nbsp; "Honey, how have you been lately? Any news?" "???"&nbsp; "Is there any sign of pregnancy?&nbsp; Didn't Mom tell you that it's&nbsp;&nbsp; very easy to conceive during ovulation..." "Mom, what are you saying? Didn't I tell you last&nbsp;&nbsp; time that Xiao Qiang and I haven't gone that far?" "Last time it was just your wishful thinking..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan explained the whole&nbsp; story to Feng Ruolan in detail again.&nbsp; Feng Ruolan said with some doubt.&nbsp; "real." "Alright, then you'd better hurry up, girl. There&nbsp;&nbsp; are very few outstanding guys like Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; It's no exaggeration to say he's a rare gem."&nbsp; In this respect, you must be as shrewd as&nbsp; your mother: get on the boat first, then…”&nbsp; "Mom, alright, Mom, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; and I are hungry, let's eat!" Chapter 174 Another Blow "Whenever I try to talk to&nbsp;&nbsp; you about serious matters, you always&nbsp; find a way to change the subject..."&nbsp; Mom's telling you, for a woman, finding a man&nbsp; is the most important thing in life, much more&nbsp;&nbsp; important than your studies. If you don't find the&nbsp; right man, all your efforts will be in vain..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was almost driven to her&nbsp; wits' end by her mother's nagging,&nbsp;&nbsp; so she could only leave the room and&nbsp; run to the living room on her own.&nbsp; In the living room, Liu Qingtian and&nbsp; Xiao Qiang were chatting casually.&nbsp; Soon, the Liu family's nanny prepared a table&nbsp; full of dishes, most of which were Shanxi&nbsp;&nbsp; cuisine, with some Beijing flavors as well. Whether it was Feng Ruolan or Liu Qingyuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; they were either putting food on Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; plate or constantly saying, "Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is delicious, you should eat more..." Liu Qingtian, on the other hand,&nbsp;&nbsp; showed intense jealousy. "Xiaoqiang, Auntie has a&nbsp;&nbsp; question for you. When are you and Qingyuan&nbsp; planning to get your marriage certificate?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was taken aback&nbsp;&nbsp; by Liu's mother's question. "Ah... Auntie, I&nbsp; think it's a bit early, we're only freshmen..."&nbsp; "It's not too early at all. We got our&nbsp; marriage certificate in our freshman year.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you don't want to have a wedding,&nbsp; you can wait until after graduation."&nbsp; Now that you've got your marriage certificate,&nbsp; take advantage of your four years of university,&nbsp;&nbsp; have one or two kids. Auntie, looking at&nbsp; your physique, Qingyuan having twins...&nbsp;&nbsp; shouldn't be too difficult..." Feng Ruolan stared in disbelief at&nbsp; the three people coughing violently.&nbsp; What's wrong with you all? Am I wrong?&nbsp; "You should have children early. In two years,&nbsp; my legs won't be as strong as they used to be,&nbsp;&nbsp; how will I take care of your children then..." Liu Qingtian: "Ruolan, marriage and having&nbsp;&nbsp; children are processes; you&nbsp; can't skip steps like that..."&nbsp; "Shut up!" Xiaoqiang, Auntie is&nbsp;&nbsp; asking you, is what I just said reasonable...? Xiao Qiang felt a chill run down his spine;&nbsp;&nbsp; his future mother-in-law was&nbsp; just as fierce as his own mother.&nbsp; My mom made me have two children in&nbsp; three years and three in five years!&nbsp; This mother-in-law made him get married during&nbsp; his freshman year of college and then have twins!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang secretly glanced at Liu Qingyuan beside&nbsp; him, "Auntie... what you said... makes sense..."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Feng Ruolan&nbsp; immediately beamed with joy.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan took the opportunity&nbsp; to wink at Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Liu Qingtian, standing to the&nbsp; side, could only sigh silently,&nbsp;&nbsp; looking angry but unable to speak out. A hearty lunch was enjoyed in this atmosphere.&nbsp; After dinner, Liu Qingyuan led Xiao&nbsp; Qiang into her boudoir for a tour.&nbsp; The room is nearly 40 square&nbsp; meters! It feels very spacious!&nbsp; The room is decorated in a very girly&nbsp; style, with a slightly pink background&nbsp;&nbsp; wall, plush dolls, and various&nbsp; small ornaments that women love.&nbsp; The huge bookcase was filled&nbsp; with all kinds of books.&nbsp; There were two or three photos&nbsp; of Liu Qingyuan on the desk.&nbsp; "What my mom just said was so unreliable,&nbsp; and you were just blindly following&nbsp;&nbsp; along and causing trouble..." Liu Qingyuan complained shyly.&nbsp; "The auntie is so hospitable,&nbsp; I can't refuse her..."&nbsp; "But you can't just agree&nbsp; with everything she says..."&nbsp; If I have a baby while still in college, I'll&nbsp; be a middle-aged woman before I even graduate...&nbsp; "How could that be? Even if my Qingyuan&nbsp; becomes a mother, she'll still be a hot mom..."&nbsp; As he spoke, Xiao Qiang put his arm around&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan, who was sitting next to him.&nbsp; Then he whispered in her ear, "Qingyuan, when will&nbsp; you let me see you in a swimsuit by yourself..."&nbsp; So captivating… Liu Qingyuan blushed at Xiao Qiang's fiery words.&nbsp; "Haven't you already seen it...?" "I want to see more..."&nbsp; "Xiao...Xiao Qiang, your hand..."&nbsp; "Let me scratch your back..." It turned out that Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; had very appropriately slipped his hand&nbsp; inside Liu Qingyuan's sweater from behind.&nbsp; Feeling Xiao Qiang's hot, large hands&nbsp; rubbing back and forth on her smooth back,&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan felt extremely uncomfortable. Her complexion became even more rosy,&nbsp;&nbsp; almost as if it were dripping with moisture. Xiao Qiang inhaled the fragrance of Liu Qingyuan's&nbsp;&nbsp; hair, his hands exploring beneath her clothes. Liu Qingyuan lay trembling in Xiao Qiang's arms.&nbsp; Suddenly, Liu Qingyuan felt the&nbsp; restraints on her body disappear.&nbsp; With a sob in her voice, she said, "Xiao&nbsp; Qiang...no, at home...my mother will find out..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang whispered, "I'll just&nbsp; experience it for a moment..."&nbsp; Just as Xiao Qiang was about to take action,&nbsp; the door to Liu Qingyuan's room suddenly opened,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a cheerful voice rang out . "Come and have some fruit..."&nbsp; Uh, you guys go ahead, I didn't see anything..." Then he immediately turned&nbsp;&nbsp; around and left the room. "It's all your fault, Xiaoqiang, Mom saw it..."&nbsp; "It's alright, Auntie said we should continue..." "no!"&nbsp; This time, Liu Qingyuan decisively rejected&nbsp; Xiao Qiang. After standing up and buttoning&nbsp;&nbsp; her clothes, she walked out the door. Xiao Qiang followed behind sheepishly.&nbsp; Feng Ruolan, who was sitting in&nbsp; the living room, saw that the two&nbsp;&nbsp; of them came out as soon as she sat down. "Hey? What are you guys doing out here?"&nbsp; "Auntie, that room... is a bit hot..."&nbsp; Feng Ruolan knew perfectly well that her daughter&nbsp; was just shy, but she didn't point it out.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, don't go back to school tonight.&nbsp; Stay at your aunt's house for the night."&nbsp; Qingyuan hasn't been very talkative with&nbsp; either of us since she got home, and she&nbsp;&nbsp; seems quite lonely. You can keep her company…” Liu Qingtian, who had been silently watching&nbsp;&nbsp; his wife's outrageous behavior,&nbsp; simply couldn't stand it anymore.&nbsp; "Honey, there's a really good movie&nbsp; tonight. Why don't you come with Dad?"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan looked at her mother, then&nbsp; at her father, and said, "Okay... sure..."&nbsp; At this moment, Feng Ruolan spoke up&nbsp; domineeringly, "Can you understand the&nbsp;&nbsp; movies that young people watch?" "Stay home and watch TV with me&nbsp;&nbsp; obediently; you can't go anywhere." Looking at her mother's incredibly&nbsp;&nbsp; domineering side and then at her father's&nbsp; henpecked appearance, Liu Qingyuan couldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; help but chuckle. "Xiaoqiang, um."&nbsp; Go with Qingyuan to see a movie. If it gets&nbsp; too late after the movie, don't come back.&nbsp; Find a hotel to stay in; safety&nbsp; is the most important thing.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was completely&nbsp; speechless. Was her mother&nbsp;&nbsp; worried that she wouldn't be able to get married? They won't give up until they push themselves out?&nbsp; Liu Qingtian thought to himself, "My&nbsp; daughter isn't safe with this kid around!"&nbsp; Just as the family members were&nbsp; each lost in their own thoughts,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's cell phone rang urgently. Xiao Qiang took out his phone and his&nbsp;&nbsp; expression changed instantly. It was Jeffers,&nbsp; the second son of the Rothschild family,&nbsp;&nbsp; whom he hadn't seen in a long time. Taking advantage of a lull in&nbsp;&nbsp; the family's argument, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; quietly entered the courtyard house.&nbsp; "Hi! Dear Xiao, my friend,&nbsp; have you missed me lately!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang felt a chill. "Jeffers, I've&nbsp; noticed you're a bit too narcissistic."&nbsp; Why would I want to do something&nbsp; to a grown man like you!&nbsp; Are you about to make a move?!&nbsp; Jeffers was silent for a moment&nbsp; on the other end of the phone.&nbsp; "My father is critically ill, but&nbsp; last night, while he was lucid,&nbsp;&nbsp; he publicly declared Rivers as the first&nbsp; in line to succeed the Rothschild family."&nbsp; My father probably doesn't have&nbsp; many days left. Once he passes away,&nbsp;&nbsp; Rivers will immediately take over as head of the&nbsp; family, and then I'll have no say in anything."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang frowned. When Jeffers said&nbsp; that his father only had a few days left,&nbsp;&nbsp; there was no emotional fluctuation&nbsp; in his words, as if his father's&nbsp;&nbsp; life or death was an insignificant matter. "So, you want to make him disappear before&nbsp;&nbsp; Rivers officially inherits the throne and&nbsp; takes control of the family, is that right?" Chapter 175 Trainken Town "Xiao, you are so clever! Dealing with&nbsp;&nbsp; clever people always saves me a lot of trouble." Xiao Qiang asked, "Jeffers, stop with the useless&nbsp;&nbsp; praise. I'm a businessman; I&nbsp; prefer tangible rewards..."&nbsp; Jeffers on the other end of the&nbsp; phone sighed helplessly, "Dear Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're always such a spoilsport." But don't worry, I've never&nbsp;&nbsp; forgotten my promise to you. Cyber, a US company with core&nbsp;&nbsp; optical technology, and Zeiss, a German company,&nbsp; have completed their privatization and delisting.&nbsp; With your visit to Western Europe, we can directly&nbsp; sign the equity transfer agreement between the two&nbsp;&nbsp; companies. how?"&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang immediately beamed&nbsp; with joy, "No problem, I'll set off right now..."&nbsp; “Xiao, come directly to Switzerland. Our&nbsp; family headquarters is here. I will contact&nbsp;&nbsp; you again after you arrive in Switzerland.” immediately returned to the living room. "Qingyuan, Uncle and Aunt, it seems we have&nbsp;&nbsp; to cancel our movie outing tonight. I need&nbsp; to go to Switzerland in Europe right away."&nbsp; Liu Qingtian's dejected expression vanished.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, you should get back to work.&nbsp;&nbsp; Young people should prioritize their careers." Liu Qingyuan was slightly disappointed. "Alright,&nbsp;&nbsp; then be careful on your journey. How long do you&nbsp; estimate it will take you to be back this time?"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan, deeply in love, naturally didn't&nbsp; want to be separated from Xiao Qiang for an&nbsp;&nbsp; extended period of time. "If things go quickly,&nbsp;&nbsp; it will take three to five days; if things&nbsp; go slowly, it might take half a month..."&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan felt extremely uncomfortable after&nbsp; hearing this. "Alright, then be careful abroad."&nbsp; "Don't worry, I'm being kind by not causing&nbsp; trouble for anyone. Bad guys will avoid me..."&nbsp; "Well then, Uncle and Aunt, I'll&nbsp; take my leave now. I'll go back&nbsp;&nbsp; and pack my things, then I'll be off..." The three members of the Liu family saw&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang off at the door, and&nbsp; only returned home after he left.&nbsp; "Honey, Dad will take you&nbsp; to the movies tonight..."&nbsp; "Dad, I'm not in the mood...&nbsp; Go see for yourself..."&nbsp; On his way back to the Summer Palace&nbsp; Villa, Xiao Qiang first called his&nbsp;&nbsp; business assistant Yang Yang and asked him&nbsp; to buy 14 plane tickets to Switzerland.&nbsp; Then he notified Su Rui, Yue&nbsp; Fei, and the Ten Tiger Generals&nbsp;&nbsp; to wait for him at the Summer Palace Villa. This trip also made Xiao Qiang realize that&nbsp;&nbsp; as his business empire continues to expand&nbsp; overseas, his need to travel abroad will&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely become more and more frequent, and&nbsp; it's time for him to own his own private jet.&nbsp; So he called Li Muyao again. Since returning to Jin City last time,&nbsp;&nbsp; Li Muyao has not gone back to Yanjing with&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, but stayed in Jin City to assist&nbsp;&nbsp; Yang Bin in advancing the preliminary work of&nbsp; the Qiangsheng Industrial Manufacturing Bureau.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, is there something&nbsp; "Mu Yao, Yang Bin must be completely confused&nbsp; at the Qiangsheng Industrial Manufacturing&nbsp;&nbsp; Bureau. I'd appreciate it if you could help him&nbsp; sort things out and give him some guidance ."&nbsp; In addition, the group's procurement center&nbsp; was instructed to buy me two private jets.&nbsp; I'll be traveling abroad frequently in the future,&nbsp; and it's quite inconvenient without a plane!&nbsp; "Oh! I see. Do you have a preferred model?" "Let's buy the Gulfstream G900&nbsp;&nbsp; passenger plane from the US." "Okay. By the way, Xiaoqiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're not planning to go abroad, are you?" "You were right, the flight is at 7 pm,&nbsp;&nbsp; to Switzerland." "Then be careful on the road!"&nbsp; In the Summer Palace villa, Xiao Qiang quickly&nbsp; packed a few clothes, while his business assistant&nbsp;&nbsp; Yang Yang had already prepared the official seal,&nbsp; financial seal, and other legal documents, equity&nbsp;&nbsp; transfer agreements, and other materials for AXE&nbsp; Investment Company, which is registered in France.&nbsp; Yang Yang is 32 years old this year, but&nbsp; he already has a PhD in Economics from&nbsp;&nbsp; Harvard University in the United States, and&nbsp; is also a genius who is fluent in 15 languages.&nbsp; Meanwhile, Su Rui, Yue Fei, and 11 others&nbsp; returned to the Summer Palace Villa.&nbsp; Everyone is taking a short&nbsp; break before setting off.&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao also knew that Xiao Qiang&nbsp; had returned to his villa, number 6.&nbsp; Since she had a relationship with Xiao Qiang a few&nbsp; days ago, her calm and composed state of mind has&nbsp;&nbsp; never been able to return to what it was before. In her spare time, she would often think of Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang. Especially in the evenings, after&nbsp; doing yoga, she would stand in front of the&nbsp;&nbsp; full-length mirror for a while, wearing her&nbsp; fitted yoga clothes, gazing at her perfect&nbsp;&nbsp; figure and curvaceous body. She would always sigh!&nbsp; Many nights, she would recall the night&nbsp; she spent with Xiao Qiang, imagining his&nbsp;&nbsp; energetic appearance, and then comfort herself. Xiao Qiang brought her more than just physical&nbsp;&nbsp; relief; he filled a void in her emotional life.&nbsp; Although she knew there was no future for her&nbsp;&nbsp; and Xiao Qiang, it didn't stop Lin Xuejiao&nbsp; from seeing him as her emotional anchor.&nbsp; Today, Xiao Qiang finally came&nbsp; to Yihe Courtyard Villa again.&nbsp; Moreover, President Li Muyao&nbsp; has been absent recently…&nbsp; Unable to control her longing for Xiao Qiang&nbsp; any longer, she dressed up carefully and brought&nbsp;&nbsp; a freshly squeezed juice and dessert&nbsp; to the villa where Xiao Qiang lived.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, who had just finished showering&nbsp; and was about to change his clothes,&nbsp;&nbsp; pressed Lin Xuejiao against the wall&nbsp; and began to feel her voluptuous body.&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao suddenly felt a&nbsp; surge of heat rush to her head.&nbsp; This feeling is so addictive! Xiao Qiang smelled the lingering&nbsp;&nbsp; fragrance of Lin Xuejiao's fresh shower, and&nbsp; his masculine instincts were instantly awakened.&nbsp; After carrying Lin Xuejiao in a princess carry to&nbsp; the huge bed, he skillfully removed her clothing.&nbsp; Looking at that black T-back, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; was completely overwhelmed and lost himself&nbsp;&nbsp; in the darkness. After eating and drinking her fill,&nbsp; Lin Xuejiao fell into a deep sleep.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, feeling refreshed, got&nbsp; into the car heading to the airport.&nbsp; 7 PM!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and his group of fourteen boarded&nbsp; a flight from Yanjing to Switzerland.&nbsp; At 2 p.m. the following afternoon, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; and his group finally arrived at Traynken,&nbsp;&nbsp; the most famous town in Switzerland. Traynken is a picturesque town nestled at&nbsp;&nbsp; the foot of the Alps, where it's hard to tell&nbsp; whether you're in a painting or in reality.&nbsp; Therefore, it has become one of the most famous&nbsp; year-round tourist destinations in all of Europe.&nbsp; In the southeast corner of the town, Lake Brienz,&nbsp; with a water area of nearly 40 square kilometers,&nbsp;&nbsp; lies quietly, its clear waters&nbsp; rippling like a dazzling pearl&nbsp;&nbsp; embedded on the surface of the earth. In the center of the lake is a small&nbsp;&nbsp; island with an area of about 6 square kilometers.&nbsp; The island is roughly circular and surrounded&nbsp;&nbsp; by dense forests and clear lake water. There are few traces of modern development&nbsp;&nbsp; on the island; it's as if time has stood still,&nbsp; and everything seems so natural and harmonious.&nbsp; What's even more surprising is that there isn't&nbsp; a single building here that exceeds five stories,&nbsp;&nbsp; which makes the entire island&nbsp; look tranquil and mysterious.&nbsp; In the center of the island, a&nbsp; magnificent manor stands prominently.&nbsp;&nbsp; It resembles an ancient castle, exuding&nbsp; an atmosphere of solemnity and elegance.&nbsp; The walls of the manor are built of solid&nbsp; stone, giving it a sense of stability and&nbsp;&nbsp; solidity. Above the gate is a huge bronze&nbsp; plaque with the words "Lake Island Manor"&nbsp;&nbsp; engraved on it. The characters are simple and&nbsp; powerful, revealing the vicissitudes of time.&nbsp; Upon entering the manor, you'll find a wide&nbsp; stone path lined with various flowers, trees,&nbsp;&nbsp; and shrubs. Following the path, you'll&nbsp; discover numerous exquisite pavilions&nbsp;&nbsp; and towers scattered throughout the manor. This is the headquarters of the Rothschild&nbsp;&nbsp; family, where Rivers and Jeffers'&nbsp; father, Mayer Rothschild, lived. Chapter 176 Secret Meeting Mayer Rothschild, now 65,&nbsp;&nbsp; was originally a robust and energetic&nbsp; man who controls the Rothschild family's&nbsp;&nbsp; vast global assets of nearly $50 trillion. Although each subsidiary is managed and operated&nbsp;&nbsp; by direct or collateral relatives of the family,&nbsp; and 60% of the profits of each subsidiary belong&nbsp;&nbsp; to the family members who directly manage it. However, as the head of the Rothschild family,&nbsp;&nbsp; he has veto power at the shareholders'&nbsp; meetings of all the family's subsidiaries,&nbsp;&nbsp; and can intervene in the business decisions of&nbsp; each subsidiary according to the operational needs&nbsp;&nbsp; of the family's overall business empire. Maye has two sons and two daughters. Her&nbsp;&nbsp; eldest son Rivers is 35 years old, her&nbsp; eldest daughter Ariana is 31 years old,&nbsp;&nbsp; her second son Jeffers is 24 years old, and her&nbsp; youngest daughter Alice is only 18 years old.&nbsp; However, this originally happy family was shrouded&nbsp; in darkness a year ago when Maye suddenly fainted.&nbsp; It turns out that during a family gathering&nbsp; in January 2008, Maye suddenly fainted while&nbsp;&nbsp; giving a speech at the family meeting.&nbsp; Although she regained consciousness&nbsp;&nbsp; after being rescued by her personal medical&nbsp; team, her health continued to deteriorate.&nbsp; For the past six months, he has been bedridden&nbsp; and has even intermittently fallen into a coma,&nbsp;&nbsp; only kept alive by his family's&nbsp; relentless use of medication.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and&nbsp;&nbsp; his group stayed in a private villa in the town&nbsp; of Trainken, which was originally intended for&nbsp;&nbsp; rent to wealthy tourists visiting the town. Living here makes you feel like a tourist&nbsp;&nbsp; to outsiders, and it won't attract the&nbsp; attention of anyone with ulterior motives.&nbsp; Jeffers, under the cover of night&nbsp; and dressed in black, arrived at&nbsp;&nbsp; the villa where Xiao Qiang and his group were&nbsp; staying, accompanied by the old man Joseph.&nbsp; Little did Jeffers know that after he&nbsp; entered the villa, a person dressed in&nbsp;&nbsp; the same night clothes appeared from behind&nbsp; a large tree 100 meters away from the villa.&nbsp; He stared silently at the villa, lost in thought. "Jeffers, aren't you being far too cautious?&nbsp;&nbsp; Is this really necessary in&nbsp; your family's stronghold?"&nbsp; "Better safe than sorry! You are my trump&nbsp; card for the success of this operation."&nbsp; "I absolutely cannot let Rivers know my&nbsp; trump card until the very last moment."&nbsp; "Okay! So what are your plans?" Jeffers pondered for a moment, “When Father passes&nbsp;&nbsp; away, the family will definitely fall into a brief&nbsp; period of chaos. At that time, I will take the&nbsp;&nbsp; initiative to break ties with Rivers and attack&nbsp; him, so that the two sides will fight each other&nbsp;&nbsp; directly. At that time, you only need to help me&nbsp; restrain the old man in black next to Rivers.”&nbsp; I have my own plans for the rest. Xiao Qiang nodded. The plan sounded simple,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he knew without even thinking that it&nbsp; would inevitably turn into a bloody battle.&nbsp; After all, in such an enticing struggle&nbsp; for family leadership, only the victor&nbsp;&nbsp; takes all. Both sides will undoubtedly&nbsp; fight with all their might, to the death!&nbsp; "You can explore on your own these next two&nbsp; days and enjoy the picturesque scenery of&nbsp;&nbsp; Trainken. You might even encounter some&nbsp; sexy and outgoing European beauties."&nbsp; Just wait for my call. That's wonderful!&nbsp; What you've described is making me almost look&nbsp; forward to the fiery passion of European beauties!&nbsp; "Dear Xiao, this is the equity transfer&nbsp; agreement between Cyber Corporation and&nbsp;&nbsp; Zeiss Corporation. Take a look, and if&nbsp; there are no problems, you can stamp it."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang gestured to his business assistant,&nbsp; Yang Yang, to review it. After a careful review,&nbsp;&nbsp; Yang Yang nodded to Xiao Qiang after confirming&nbsp; that there were no hidden clauses or other&nbsp;&nbsp; inappropriate business terms. "No problem, then stamp it!"&nbsp; After receiving a signal, Yang Yang took out&nbsp; the official seal of AXE Investment Company&nbsp;&nbsp; and stamped it on the equity transfer agreement. Jeffers then took out the company seals, financial&nbsp;&nbsp; seals, and other legal documents from both&nbsp; companies and handed them directly to Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; "Aren't you afraid that I'll just take my&nbsp; things and leave, leaving you with nothing?"&nbsp; Jeffers laughed heartily, "Haha, dear Xiao,&nbsp; I have complete trust in your character."&nbsp; Moreover, the combined market capitalization&nbsp; of the two companies is less than 10 billion.&nbsp;&nbsp; Someone with your net worth of hundreds&nbsp; of billions of dollars doesn't need to&nbsp;&nbsp; ruin their reputation over a few billion…” "Haha, you have a great eye for people!"&nbsp; "Then I won't stand on ceremony. I will&nbsp; subsequently send a shareholder to the&nbsp;&nbsp; company... to take over its operations..." Jeffers shrugged. "Do as you please. From&nbsp;&nbsp; now on, both companies belong to you!" The two shook hands and hugged, looking like&nbsp;&nbsp; best buddies to anyone who didn't know them! "Alright, my dear Xiao, I need to hurry back&nbsp;&nbsp; to the family headquarters to avoid being&nbsp; noticed by other people with ulterior motives."&nbsp; "Okay, then I'll wait for your notification!" After Jeffers left, Xiao Qiang and his group&nbsp;&nbsp; went straight to sleep. The 24-hour journey&nbsp; had left even the strongest body feeling tired.&nbsp; As Jeffers stepped out of the villa, a&nbsp; chilling, sinister smile appeared on his&nbsp;&nbsp; handsome face, hidden beneath a black cloak. But no one will ever have the chance to know.&nbsp; The next day, when Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang and his group woke up, it was already past&nbsp; 4 p.m. After having a quick bite at a restaurant&nbsp;&nbsp; next to the villa, they began to admire the&nbsp; beautiful winter scenery at the foot of the Alps.&nbsp; Despite it being winter, the town&nbsp; of Trainken still attracts a steady&nbsp;&nbsp; stream of tourists because it boasts some&nbsp; of the best ski resorts in all of Europe.&nbsp; Several grown men were wandering&nbsp; aimlessly down the street.&nbsp; Because this is a global tourist destination with&nbsp; people from all over the world, a few Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; people do not stand out in the bustling streets. "Brother Yue, I haven't had time to keep&nbsp;&nbsp; an eye on the garrison regiment&nbsp; lately. How's the training going?"&nbsp; Without hesitation, Yue Fei replied,&nbsp; “The garrison is full of elites,&nbsp;&nbsp; no less than my personal guards back then. We&nbsp; have already taught them everything we can now.”&nbsp; When you go back this time, you&nbsp; can check it out for yourself.&nbsp; "It's many times better than&nbsp; when we first started training!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded in satisfaction, "No problem.&nbsp; After this mission, we'll go back and hold a&nbsp;&nbsp; martial arts competition together." Let me see just how strong these&nbsp;&nbsp; military elites really are. "By the way, Brother Yue, have&nbsp;&nbsp; you encountered any difficulties adapting to life&nbsp; in this era, or any dissatisfaction with your food&nbsp;&nbsp; and drink? If so, please let me know immediately." I'll arrange for someone to make the adjustment&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately! Yue Fei replied&nbsp;&nbsp; without hesitation, "There really is!" Xiao Qiang was taken aback. "Brother Yue,&nbsp;&nbsp; tell me, what aspects need to be adjusted..." Yue Fei said, "We are not used to the&nbsp;&nbsp; wine of your time." Xiao Qiang frowned.&nbsp; "Back then, he arranged for people to send&nbsp; a lot of Moutai, Wuliangye, and Fenjiu to&nbsp;&nbsp; Yue Fei and his ten tiger generals..." Each and every one of them is a top-tier&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese liquor! Both the soy sauce aroma&nbsp; type and the light aroma type are available.&nbsp; They actually said they&nbsp; couldn't get used to the taste?&nbsp; Could it be that people in the Song Dynasty really&nbsp; drank sweet fermented rice wine, as is rumored?&nbsp; If that's the case, they really wouldn't be able&nbsp; to handle drinking such strong, spicy liquor. Chapter 177 Ariana&nbsp; "Is our liquor too strong?!&nbsp; Are the guys not used to it?"&nbsp; Yue Fei shook his head, "Your wines are either too&nbsp; sweet, like drinking sugar water, or too spicy,&nbsp;&nbsp; making my stomach feel like it's on fire." The wine of our time was sweet, fragrant,&nbsp;&nbsp; and mellow, leaving a lingering aroma in&nbsp; your mouth. It could also make you drunk,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the wine of our time made you&nbsp; feel like you were living in a dream.&nbsp; The alcohol of this era is so potent&nbsp; that it makes life worse than death.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang listened to Yue Fei's&nbsp; description with great surprise&nbsp;&nbsp; and astonishment, "Is it really that amazing?" At this moment, Yue Yun and Yang Zaixing nodded,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Commander Yue is absolutely right..." This immediately piqued Xiao Qiang's interest,&nbsp;&nbsp; as these people actually looked down on Maotai&nbsp; and Wufen, two of China's most famous liquors.&nbsp; How delicious must the wine&nbsp; have been in their era?&nbsp; Seeing Xiao Qiang's incredulous expression,&nbsp; Yue Fei spoke again, "Back then, the wine of&nbsp;&nbsp; the Song Dynasty was sold to the Western&nbsp; Regions, the Jin Dynasty, and many other&nbsp;&nbsp; countries with blue eyes and big noses. They&nbsp; spoke highly of the wine of the Song Dynasty!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was even more surprised.&nbsp; Foreigners like to drink it too?&nbsp; How come its flavor appeals&nbsp; to such a wide audience?&nbsp; It's important to understand that the high&nbsp; regard for Maotai, Wufen, and Fenjiu in China&nbsp;&nbsp; is only true within China. When you go abroad,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's all about imported spirits! Xiao Qiang fell into deep thought. "Brother Yue,&nbsp;&nbsp; when we get back to China, I'll have someone brew&nbsp; a new wine for you. It should taste like home..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, who was well-versed in Water Margin,&nbsp; immediately thought of Zhu Fu, the Smiling Tiger.&nbsp;&nbsp; Before joining Liangshan, Zhu Fu was the owner of&nbsp; a hotel outside the West Gate of Yishui County,&nbsp;&nbsp; Yizhou (today's Linyi, Shandong, China),&nbsp; making him a true self-employed individual.&nbsp; After that guy joined Liangshan, he also made a&nbsp; living by brewing wine, which allowed the brothers&nbsp;&nbsp; of Liangshan to live a carefree life of eating&nbsp; meat and drinking wine to their hearts' content.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's idea was to use the "Superhuman&nbsp; Time Travel Card" to send Zhu Fu to the modern&nbsp;&nbsp; era after returning to China, since the&nbsp; Water Margin era in which Zhu Fu lived&nbsp;&nbsp; was only 20 years different from the&nbsp; era in which Yue Fei and others lived.&nbsp; The taste of the wine should&nbsp; not change much in 20 years.&nbsp; If the brewed wine is truly as miraculous as Yue&nbsp; Fei and his men claimed, then he plans to also&nbsp;&nbsp; set up a winery and make Zhu Fu the CEO… Domestically, it competes with Maotai,&nbsp;&nbsp; Wufen, and other famous Chinese liquors;&nbsp; internationally, it tramples on Hennessy,&nbsp;&nbsp; Rémy Martin XO, and other renowned foreign brands. This can be considered a comeback for individual&nbsp;&nbsp; business owners. Before we knew it, it was already&nbsp; past 6 p.m., and night had fallen.&nbsp; While passing a bar, Xiao Qiang suggested&nbsp; going inside for a while. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; Su Rui and the others said they thought it&nbsp; was too noisy and returned to the villa first.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, on the other hand, entered the&nbsp; incredibly luxurious-looking bar alone.&nbsp; As soon as he entered the bar, Xiao Qiang was&nbsp; instantly enveloped by an atmosphere blending&nbsp;&nbsp; the scent of alcohol with the soft strains&nbsp; of music. Dim lighting bathed every corner,&nbsp;&nbsp; creating a ambiance that was both mysterious and&nbsp; comfortable. The air was filled with the aromas of&nbsp;&nbsp; various cocktails, making him involuntarily&nbsp; take deep breaths, wanting to inhale this&nbsp;&nbsp; pleasant feeling deep into his heart. A deep, rhythmic melody echoed in the air,&nbsp;&nbsp; seemingly touching people's hearts. People&nbsp; around were either sitting or standing,&nbsp;&nbsp; some talking in hushed tones, others swaying&nbsp; gently to the music, and everyone's face was&nbsp;&nbsp; filled with a relaxed and enjoyable expression. Xiao Qiang casually found a booth, sat down,&nbsp;&nbsp; and ordered a signature cocktail from the bar. While enjoying the voluptuous dancers on stage,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can sip this strangely flavored wine. Meanwhile, in a luxuriously decorated room&nbsp;&nbsp; on the second floor of the bar, a woman who was&nbsp; 178 cm tall, had a stunningly beautiful face,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a model's figure was staring at a photo&nbsp; on the table with a thoughtful expression.&nbsp; The person in the photo was&nbsp; none other than Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; The woman wore a knee-length wool coat&nbsp; with a simple yet elegant cut. The dark&nbsp;&nbsp; color not only made her look slimmer but&nbsp; also exuded a touch of understated luxury.&nbsp; The collar of the coat was&nbsp; turned up slightly, forming&nbsp;&nbsp; a warm barrier against the biting cold wind. She wore a pair of black boots, which made her&nbsp;&nbsp; already model-like figure appear even taller. The woman looked through the one-way glass in&nbsp;&nbsp; the room at the noisy and bustling scene&nbsp; inside the bar, and suddenly her gaze&nbsp;&nbsp; fell on Xiao Qiang, who was drinking alone. Her expression shifted, and she quickly picked&nbsp;&nbsp; up the photo on the table. She looked at the man&nbsp; on the first floor and then at the photo in her&nbsp;&nbsp; hand. After confirming that the man sitting&nbsp; downstairs was the same person in the photo,&nbsp;&nbsp; a playful smile appeared on her face. Just as Xiao Qiang was about&nbsp; to finish his glass of wine!&nbsp; His imagined romantic encounter&nbsp; didn't happen. "Could it be&nbsp;&nbsp; that Chinese men aren't strong enough?" Why are other single men getting surrounded&nbsp;&nbsp; by beautiful women, while I've been sitting here&nbsp; for over half an hour and no one has come to me?&nbsp; Well, it seems that the passionate nature&nbsp; of Western women isn't always the case!&nbsp; Just as Xiao Qiang was about to get up and&nbsp; leave, he saw a tall, beautiful woman carrying&nbsp;&nbsp; two glasses of wine walking towards him. Moreover, as she walked, she displayed a&nbsp;&nbsp; very seductive expression… Xiao Qiang was worried that&nbsp;&nbsp; he was just imagining things, so he quickly&nbsp; turned around to look behind him. There were&nbsp;&nbsp; no other handsome men or hunks around him. "Hey! Handsome, can I buy you a drink?"&nbsp; The beautiful woman's voice was cool and pure,&nbsp; completely different from the seductive and&nbsp;&nbsp; charming one that Xiao Qiang had imagined. This puzzled Xiao Qiang greatly.&nbsp; Her smile held a captivating charm, yet her&nbsp; voice was utterly pure, even possessing a hint&nbsp;&nbsp; of aloofness that kept people at a distance! "Of course! Your beauty is irresistible! And I&nbsp;&nbsp; have absolutely no resistance to beauties&nbsp; with a mature and sophisticated aura!"&nbsp; The beautiful woman smiled and&nbsp; said, "Thank you for your praise!"&nbsp;&nbsp; She then handed a wine glass to Xiao Qiang. The two sat facing each other, neither speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; but simply looking at each other with interest. In the end, it was the beautiful woman who was&nbsp;&nbsp; the first to speak up, asking, "Are you&nbsp; planning to just keep watching like this?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang grinned, "I'm&nbsp; thinking about a problem..."&nbsp; The beautiful woman casually asked,&nbsp; "What's the problem? Can you tell me?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was extremely candid this time, saying,&nbsp; "I'm thinking about how to get you into bed..."&nbsp; The woman was taken aback, clearly not&nbsp; expecting the other party to be so candid,&nbsp;&nbsp; so candid that she was speechless. She could only laugh awkwardly, "Haha.&nbsp;&nbsp; Little brother, you're really funny. You actually&nbsp; told me directly that you want to sleep with your&nbsp;&nbsp; older sister. Aren't you afraid I'll ignore you?" Xiao Qiang shook his head. "If I don't tell you,&nbsp;&nbsp; how would you know I want to sleep with you?" If you didn't know,&nbsp;&nbsp; wouldn't I have even less of a chance? The beautiful woman chuckled to herself,&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking, "He really is an interesting guy;&nbsp; I can't find any fault with his logic."&nbsp; "Handsome guy, you've&nbsp; successfully piqued my curiosity."&nbsp; Let me formally introduce myself.&nbsp; My name is Ariane Rothschild. Chapter 178 A Woman of Allure "What? You're a woman from the Rothschild family?"&nbsp; Ariana's words almost made&nbsp; Xiao Qiang spit out his drink.&nbsp; "What's wrong? Are the women of the&nbsp; Rothschild family really that scary?"&nbsp; Ariana asked slowly. Xiao Qiang: "That's not necessarily&nbsp;&nbsp; true! But your Luo family is indeed quite famous." Ariana chuckled, then suddenly stared intently&nbsp;&nbsp; at Xiao Qiang and said, "Or do you have&nbsp; dealings with the Rothschild family...?"&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang's heart&nbsp; skipped a beat, but as a seasoned veteran&nbsp;&nbsp; of two lifetimes, he naturally couldn't&nbsp; be intimidated by the other party. Just&nbsp;&nbsp; as Xiao Qiang was about to explain something... Ariana's expression suddenly changed, and she said&nbsp;&nbsp; with a smile, "Just kidding, don't be so tense...&nbsp; Our family's business spans the globe, so it's&nbsp;&nbsp; normal to have dealings with family members..." Seeing the other person's hesitant expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang knew that the other person must have&nbsp; discovered something, otherwise they wouldn't have&nbsp;&nbsp; been staring at him like that just now. It was as if they wanted to&nbsp;&nbsp; see right through themselves. This made Xiao Qiang somewhat alarmed. Every time&nbsp;&nbsp; he met Jeffers, it was like a secret rendezvous&nbsp; between lovers, but he never expected that someone&nbsp;&nbsp; with ulterior motives would still notice. So what is Ariana's relationship with the&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeffers? Should we ask Jeffers? Will Ariana's appearance have an&nbsp;&nbsp; uncontrollable impact on their next actions? Almost instantly, several questions&nbsp;&nbsp; flashed through Xiao Qiang's mind. Since the other party is not pointing it out&nbsp;&nbsp; and is pretending to be ignorant, I will remain&nbsp; still and respond to all changes with constancy.&nbsp; "So, little brother, do you still&nbsp; want to sleep with your sister now?"&nbsp; Ariana was now in a languid&nbsp; and alluring state, capable of&nbsp;&nbsp; instantly boosting a man's hormone levels. Xiao Qiang felt that he was completely&nbsp;&nbsp; controlled by the other party, so&nbsp; he quickly calmed himself down and&nbsp;&nbsp; broke free from the other party's framework. He stood up abruptly, sat down next to Ariana,&nbsp;&nbsp; put his arm around her voluptuous waist, and&nbsp; tilted his head forward, the distance between&nbsp;&nbsp; their lips seemingly only one centimeter. Xiao Qiang could even smell the strong&nbsp;&nbsp; smell of alcohol on the other person's lips&nbsp; and teeth, mixed with a faint fragrance.&nbsp; Ariana was caught off guard by Xiao Qiang's sudden&nbsp; action; her heart raced and her eyes darted away.&nbsp; Looking at the luscious red lips and white&nbsp; teeth before him, Xiao Qiang pressed his&nbsp;&nbsp; lips directly against them, but it was like a&nbsp; dragonfly skimming the water, a fleeting touch.&nbsp; After finishing all this, Xiao Qiang sat&nbsp; back down in his seat, licked his lips once,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then looked at Ariana, who was still&nbsp; in a daze, with a playful expression.&nbsp; Ariana never imagined that after&nbsp; spending her days playing with eagles,&nbsp;&nbsp; she would be pecked in the eye by one. As the eldest princess of the family,&nbsp;&nbsp; she was neither short of money nor leisure, and&nbsp; countless men fawned over her for no reason.&nbsp; Among them were naturally many scions&nbsp; of reclusive noble families, and Ariana,&nbsp;&nbsp; in dealing with this group of men she neither&nbsp; liked nor disliked, honed her ability to&nbsp;&nbsp; navigate through a field of men unscathed. She can appear incredibly charming and alluring,&nbsp;&nbsp; instantly igniting a man's desire,&nbsp; yet she maintains a distance that&nbsp;&nbsp; feels both visible and unattainable. They only care about starting fires,&nbsp;&nbsp; but not about putting them out! These wealthy young men, perhaps&nbsp;&nbsp; bound by moral constraints or perhaps&nbsp; due to the Luo family's background,&nbsp;&nbsp; would naturally refrain from such an overbearing&nbsp; act of forcing themselves upon the woman.&nbsp; But Ariana forgot that Xiao Qiang was&nbsp; not one of those nobles and royalty;&nbsp;&nbsp; he didn't care so much about whether&nbsp; his behavior matched his social status.&nbsp; You've already said something as disturbing as&nbsp; "Do you still want to sleep with me?" If I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; respond, do you think I'm some kind of saint who&nbsp; can remain unmoved even with a woman in his lap?&nbsp; "My sister's lips smell so good..." As he spoke, Xiao Qiang exaggeratedly&nbsp;&nbsp; licked his lips again, as if they&nbsp; were covered in some delicious food.&nbsp; Ariana was a little annoyed. This&nbsp; was her first kiss! In the past,&nbsp;&nbsp; those young masters would be overjoyed if they&nbsp; were lucky enough to kiss the back of her hand.&nbsp; And her first kiss was taken away by a&nbsp; random man under these circumstances.&nbsp; Although she was furious, she was very shrewd.&nbsp; After a flash of displeasure in her eyes,&nbsp;&nbsp; her face was once again filled with&nbsp; a charming and alluring expression.&nbsp; "Is that enough!?"&nbsp; "Your fragrance isn't just&nbsp; limited to your lips..."&nbsp; After saying that, Ariana gave Xiao&nbsp; Qiang an extremely seductive look.&nbsp; Ariana's words instantly made Xiao Qiang tense;&nbsp; her words were just... too damn provocative...&nbsp; That's why everyone says mature women&nbsp; are great, wonderful, and amazing!&nbsp;&nbsp; They always know exactly what a man wants&nbsp; and can make you feel like you're in heaven.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang thought to himself, "I can't keep&nbsp; talking to this woman like this, or I might&nbsp;&nbsp; be the one who makes a fool of myself later.&nbsp; The women of the Luo family are too skilled."&nbsp; Since we can't win through&nbsp; arguments, let's just take action!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stood up again and sat down&nbsp; in front of Ariana, which startled her.&nbsp; She's good at talking big, but&nbsp; when it comes to real fighting?&nbsp; She's a bit insecure! "Sister Ariana, how about&nbsp;&nbsp; we find a place and taste your lips?" Xiao Qiang whispered into Ariana's ear,&nbsp;&nbsp; his warm breath brushing against her earlobe. Several streams of heat surged through Ariana's&nbsp;&nbsp; body, and the strange sensation&nbsp; left her feeling disoriented.&nbsp; Most importantly, Xiao Qiang's large hands&nbsp; landed directly on her shapely, long thighs,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he even caressed them from time to time... This made Ariana feel like she was about&nbsp;&nbsp; to collapse. "don't want…"&nbsp; "Sister, you're giving up already?" Ariana looked at the young, handsome,&nbsp;&nbsp; yet somewhat wicked boy in front of her,&nbsp; and felt a strange, indescribable feeling.&nbsp; "I give up! Come to my office,&nbsp; I'll buy you a drink..."&nbsp; Ariana reluctantly bowed her head in&nbsp; defeat, fearing that if things continued,&nbsp;&nbsp; she would truly lose control of herself. "Okay! I see that my sister is weak,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll carry you upstairs." Just as Ariana was about to refuse,&nbsp;&nbsp; she found herself lifted into the air&nbsp; and being carried in a princess carry.&nbsp; Ariana was shocked. She hadn't expected&nbsp; that this man, who was slightly shorter&nbsp;&nbsp; than her and didn't look like a muscular man,&nbsp; could lift her up by the waist so easily.&nbsp; Moreover, he smiled and joked with&nbsp; himself while going up the stairs.&nbsp; Just how much amazing energy is&nbsp; contained in his not-so-strong body?&nbsp; Under her guidance, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; carried the beauty into the&nbsp;&nbsp; office and placed her steadily on the sofa. Ariana took a deep breath, and two minutes&nbsp;&nbsp; later she slowly stood up, took out a bottle of&nbsp; wine full of foreign names from the wine cabinet&nbsp;&nbsp; behind her, and poured two glasses. At this moment, she had regained&nbsp;&nbsp; her previous noble and elegant demeanor. After placing one of the cups on the table in&nbsp;&nbsp; front of Xiao Qiang, she sat down opposite him. "Little brother, how about I tell you a story?" Chapter 179 Brothers Fighting Xiao Qiang was taken aback. Wasn't&nbsp;&nbsp; he called up here to taste that kind of thing?&nbsp; Why was he being asked to tell him a story?&nbsp; Or should we tell the story&nbsp; first, then enjoy the taste...?&nbsp; "I would like to hear more details..." Ariana took a sip of her drink,&nbsp;&nbsp; and her expression suddenly turned somber. This sudden change left Xiao Qiang speechless;&nbsp;&nbsp; his face had become a little too... silky smooth!&nbsp; At this moment, Ariana parted her&nbsp; lips slightly and said leisurely:&nbsp; Once upon a time, there was a king&nbsp; who had two sons and two daughters.&nbsp; The family lived in harmony. The king&nbsp; loved each of his children deeply,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the four siblings were also very&nbsp; affectionate and caring towards each other.&nbsp; They had a happy childhood. But everything changed after&nbsp;&nbsp; the four children grew up. At this point, Ariana's&nbsp;&nbsp; expression took on a slightly melancholic tone. Both sons wanted to be the heir to the throne,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they fought each other openly and&nbsp; secretly, neither willing to give in.&nbsp; However, the eldest brother always&nbsp; considered the brotherly bond and held back,&nbsp;&nbsp; never going all out. But the second brother&nbsp; saw the eldest brother's repeated concessions&nbsp;&nbsp; as a sign of weakness and incompetence. This emboldened him to go even further,&nbsp;&nbsp; frantically bribing his elder brother's men. From then on, the innocent affection between&nbsp;&nbsp; the siblings was gone, and they began&nbsp; to say one thing and mean another…&nbsp; The king naturally witnessed the brothers'&nbsp; internal strife, but he did not intervene in time.&nbsp; In his eyes, sibling rivalry was also a&nbsp; form of training, which could cultivate the&nbsp;&nbsp; resourcefulness and decisiveness of future&nbsp; generations to survive in chaotic times.&nbsp; It was precisely because of his indulgence and&nbsp; recklessness that the second-in-command, with his&nbsp;&nbsp; cold-bloodedness and cunning, came from behind to&nbsp; surpass the leader in the battle between the two,&nbsp;&nbsp; and many of the people who were originally loyal&nbsp; to the leader turned to the second-in-command.&nbsp; Even in this situation, the second prince did&nbsp; not stop; he actually planned to eliminate all&nbsp;&nbsp; uncontrollable factors that threatened his throne. When she spoke of this, Ariana's expression&nbsp;&nbsp; became even more desolate, and&nbsp; her heartache was palpable.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang naturally took all of this in stride.&nbsp; He suppressed the raging storm in his heart and&nbsp;&nbsp; patiently listened to the other party's story. "However, the second son's behavior completely&nbsp;&nbsp; crossed the king's bottom line." The king attempted to mediate,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it was too late. The second son,&nbsp;&nbsp; blinded by rage, used this to coerce the king into&nbsp; abdicating and installing him as the new king.&nbsp; Otherwise, he would kill his own brother. The king, left with no other option,&nbsp;&nbsp; wanted to use the power of the family elders&nbsp; to forcibly establish the eldest son as the&nbsp;&nbsp; new heir to the throne. However, his behavior&nbsp;&nbsp; completely enraged the second brother. A few days later, the king suddenly fainted&nbsp;&nbsp; at a family gathering. Although the medical team&nbsp; did their best to save his life, his physical&nbsp;&nbsp; condition was much worse than before. After that, he never recovered.&nbsp; Although there is no evidence to suggest&nbsp; that the second son was involved,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is obvious to everyone that the king's&nbsp; illness was inextricably linked to him.&nbsp; Only the king believed that his son could&nbsp; not be so cruel as to harm him. Therefore,&nbsp;&nbsp; he never used his scepter to order the council&nbsp; of elders to suppress the powerful second son.&nbsp; Now, the king's health is deteriorating,&nbsp; and doctors even say he will soon pass away.&nbsp; "Don't you think this counts&nbsp; as reaping what you sow?"&nbsp; After listening to Ariana's story, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang was extremely shocked. He knew,&nbsp;&nbsp; of course, that the story she was telling was&nbsp; an allegory for the affairs of their Luo family.&nbsp; However, he couldn't completely&nbsp; trust what the other person said.&nbsp; At this critical juncture, they suddenly&nbsp; appeared in front of me and told me about&nbsp;&nbsp; the secrets of the Luo family. What is her true intention?&nbsp; Did he discover his true&nbsp; purpose for coming to Trainken?&nbsp; Or is there some other conspiracy? If Jeffers truly possessed an overwhelming&nbsp;&nbsp; advantage in the succession to the family&nbsp; headship, as she claimed, this contradicted&nbsp;&nbsp; the message Jeffers had conveyed to her. Jeffers paid a high price to hire me&nbsp;&nbsp; to deal with the men in black around&nbsp; Rivers. If what Ariana said is true,&nbsp;&nbsp; then it seems unnecessary for Jeffers to go&nbsp; to such lengths to ask me to help him out.&nbsp; Was Jeffers always putting on an act in front of&nbsp; him? Had he never conveyed his true intentions?&nbsp; Even with Xiao Qiang's exceptional&nbsp; intelligence, he couldn't immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; dispel the fog and see the light of day. "Sister Ariana, why are you telling me&nbsp;&nbsp; all this? Perhaps it's just that&nbsp; everyone has their own destiny."&nbsp; By the way, if you were the king's daughter, would&nbsp; you side with the eldest son or the second son...?&nbsp; Before figuring out the truth, Xiao Qiang decided&nbsp; not to express his opinion, but instead to throw&nbsp;&nbsp; the question back to the other party and see&nbsp; what other tricks they had up their sleeve.&nbsp; Ariana was surprised that the other party&nbsp; would throw this most difficult question at her&nbsp;&nbsp; directly. After a bitter smile, she said, "I will&nbsp; not take sides. Whether it is the eldest or the&nbsp;&nbsp; second eldest, they have already lost their way in&nbsp; the struggle for power and profit. In their eyes,&nbsp;&nbsp; there is no longer any affection or kindness." "If I were the king's daughter, I would only&nbsp;&nbsp; want to find a way to save my father&nbsp; so that he could continue living."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang fell into&nbsp; deep thought. The sadness and despair that&nbsp;&nbsp; Ariana showed when she said those words were&nbsp; definitely her genuine feelings at that moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; not an expression that was deliberately put on. "Have you consulted many doctors? None of&nbsp;&nbsp; them could help with your father's illness?" When Ariana heard Xiao Qiang so bluntly state&nbsp;&nbsp; his position, she was initially shocked. "So you&nbsp; really do know some things about our family..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang didn't deny it, but instead&nbsp; asked, "What illness does your father&nbsp;&nbsp; have that no one can cure?" Ariana gave a bitter smile.&nbsp;&nbsp; "I don't know. We spent a fortune hiring the&nbsp; world's best doctors and using the most advanced&nbsp;&nbsp; equipment to diagnose my father, but they still&nbsp; couldn't figure out what was wrong with him..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang scoffed, "World-renowned&nbsp; doctors? That's an exaggeration."&nbsp; Why has no one ever invited me to dinner? Xiao Qiang's words startled Ariana,&nbsp;&nbsp; but she quickly understood the meaning behind&nbsp; them, and said in a tone that was a mixture of&nbsp;&nbsp; disbelief and slight surprise, Are you a doctor?&nbsp; A renowned traditional Chinese medicine doctor? Xiao Qiang didn't answer immediately,&nbsp;&nbsp; but instead asked again, "Didn't you investigate&nbsp; me? Don't you even know what I do for a living?"&nbsp; Ariana looked puzzled. "Aren't you a&nbsp; college student? And you've started&nbsp;&nbsp; a company that makes anti-cancer drugs?" "That's right. Didn't you find out that&nbsp;&nbsp; when the newly elected president of the United&nbsp; States, Okchin, visited China last September,&nbsp;&nbsp; he fell seriously ill and was cured by me&nbsp; when a group of experts were helpless?"&nbsp; Similarly, if our company can develop anti-cancer&nbsp; drugs that have baffled medical experts worldwide&nbsp;&nbsp; for decades, are we really incapable of&nbsp; dealing with other intractable diseases?&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's powerful confidence left Ariana&nbsp; stunned. Although she didn't know about his rescue&nbsp;&nbsp; of Okchin, she did know about his development&nbsp; of anti-cancer drugs. How could she not have&nbsp;&nbsp; thought that if he could cure cancer, he might&nbsp; also be able to cure other difficult diseases? Chapter 180 Top Secret Plan Having figured everything out,&nbsp;&nbsp; Ariana's expression suddenly&nbsp; turned to one of immense joy.&nbsp;&nbsp; Did that mean that her father also&nbsp; had a glimmer of hope for survival?&nbsp; So he immediately stepped forward&nbsp; excitedly and grabbed Xiao Qiang's arm.&nbsp; "Then please help me heal my father..." Xiao Qiang's expression changed,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he no longer had the joking and teasing look&nbsp; he had before. Instead, he said in a serious tone,&nbsp; Why should I help you heal your father? Ariana was speechless for a moment. Usually, she&nbsp;&nbsp; had an IQ of 140 and was quick-witted, but today&nbsp; she felt powerless when facing this young brother.&nbsp; Aren't you a doctor? Isn't saving lives your duty as doctors?&nbsp; Xiao Qiang laughed heartily, his laughter&nbsp; containing neither mockery nor disdain.&nbsp; "My silly sister! Should I call&nbsp; you a silly and innocent girl?"&nbsp; Or should I say you're naively&nbsp; innocent, adorably naive!&nbsp; In her desperation, Ariana quickly said, "I&nbsp; can give you money, lots and lots of money."&nbsp; "I can earn at least $900 billion a&nbsp; year from just one of my cancer drugs."&nbsp; Do you think I'm short of money? Or the amount you're offering&nbsp;&nbsp; is even larger than this! Ariana was on the verge of tears,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Then what will you do to make me agree... Just&nbsp; name your price, I'll grant you anything..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang revealed a smug smile,&nbsp; "Really, any request is acceptable?"&nbsp; Ariana nodded with great certainty. "Then repay me with your body..."&nbsp; "Huh?...I..." "What? It won't work?..."&nbsp; Ariana was clearly going through a fierce&nbsp; internal struggle, unaware that her&nbsp;&nbsp; fingernails had dug deep marks into her palms. After a moment, as if she had made up her mind,&nbsp;&nbsp; she nodded to Xiao Qiang and&nbsp; said, "I... I promise you."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was both surprised and&nbsp; surprised by the other party's decision.&nbsp; It seems that this stunningly beautiful woman&nbsp; has a very deep relationship with her father,&nbsp;&nbsp; and is even willing to sleep&nbsp; with another man to save him.&nbsp; Seeing that Xiao Qiang didn't&nbsp; say anything, she assumed that&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang had changed his mind again. So he immediately replied, "If...you want,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can have it here too..." Xiao Qiang looked at the huge sofa,&nbsp;&nbsp; then at Ariana's alluring figure,&nbsp; and his mind was already filled with&nbsp;&nbsp; images of horseback riding in adult films. However, Xiao Qiang quickly suppressed the&nbsp;&nbsp; thought. He wasn't a philanderer. The&nbsp; reason he made the request was simply&nbsp;&nbsp; to verify whether Ariana and her father, Maye,&nbsp; were really as she had just said, which would&nbsp;&nbsp; also indirectly confirm the authenticity of the&nbsp; story of the king that Ariana had just told him.&nbsp; "No need for that... Besides, I haven't met your&nbsp; father yet, and I don't know what illness he has.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although I'm confident in my medical skills,&nbsp; I'm not confident enough to cure all diseases."&nbsp; "Let's talk about it after I see your father." Seeing that the other party had agreed,&nbsp;&nbsp; Ariana beamed with joy, "Then when will it&nbsp; be convenient for you to treat my father...?"&nbsp; "I can do it now." but……&nbsp; If, as you say, it was the second son, Jeffers,&nbsp; who secretly sabotaged your father's illness&nbsp;&nbsp; and bedridden state, then it's inconvenient&nbsp; for me to appear at your house to treat him!&nbsp; Ariana's intelligence returned at this moment. You're right.&nbsp; Jeffers invited you here, definitely&nbsp; not for tourism. He must have used some&nbsp;&nbsp; scheme and sacrifice to get you to work for him. Perhaps you have some special skills that could&nbsp;&nbsp; help him in a critical moment. Am I right?&nbsp; Xiao Qiang naturally couldn't tell her&nbsp; everything, since they had only known&nbsp;&nbsp; each other for less than two hours. Although&nbsp; he felt deep sympathy for the tragic fate of&nbsp;&nbsp; her family's fratricide, it didn't mean that&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was without suspicion towards her.&nbsp; "You're trying to get information out of me?" Seeing that Xiao Qiang had seen through&nbsp;&nbsp; her intentions and had even angered&nbsp; him, Ariana immediately apologized.&nbsp; "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have&nbsp; asked you these questions."&nbsp; I know you're wary of me now. Let's not talk about that now.&nbsp; Do you have any good ideas on&nbsp; how to get close to my father?&nbsp; Xiao Qiang pondered for a moment, then&nbsp; asked, "Who can contact your father now?"&nbsp; Ariana said, "Now, apart from the four of us&nbsp; siblings, only Professor Rooney and his medical&nbsp;&nbsp; team from the Royal College of Physicians&nbsp; of Switzerland can see my father. Professor&nbsp;&nbsp; Rooney and his medical team are being&nbsp; supervised by the Elders of the Family."&nbsp; Furthermore, if my siblings and I&nbsp; wanted to see my father, all four of&nbsp;&nbsp; us had to be in his bedroom at the same time. Xiao Qiang was shocked, never expecting that&nbsp;&nbsp; the distrust between his brothers and&nbsp; sisters had escalated to such a level.&nbsp; "This is problematic. It means that I basically&nbsp; have no chance of getting close to your father&nbsp;&nbsp; openly and honestly!" I think so!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's mind raced, trying to figure out&nbsp; how to break out of the current predicament.&nbsp; Although he didn't trust Ariana, based on the&nbsp; information she provided, he could deduce that&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeffers had gone to such great lengths to get&nbsp; himself here, and it certainly wasn't just to&nbsp;&nbsp; hold off the men in black in front of Rivers. Even if it is, the reasons behind it are&nbsp;&nbsp; probably not as simple as he described. If Jeffers is really as cunning and ruthless&nbsp;&nbsp; as she says, will he turn his back on me and&nbsp; bare his fangs after I've helped him with this?&nbsp; One should not have the heart to&nbsp; harm others, but one must not be&nbsp;&nbsp; without the heart to guard against others! Therefore, Xiao Qiang must now take all the&nbsp;&nbsp; information into account and make judgments&nbsp; and decisions that are in his best interest.&nbsp; Even in the event of an emergency,&nbsp; they can handle it calmly.&nbsp; Twenty minutes later! Xiao Qiang suddenly slapped his thigh!&nbsp; "I've got it..." Ariana was also startled,&nbsp;&nbsp; "What method? Tell me quickly..." "Come here..."&nbsp; Ariana rolled her eyes at Xiao Qiang, then walked&nbsp; up to him, straightened her skirt, and sat down.&nbsp; But when she sat down next to&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, she inexplicably&nbsp;&nbsp; tensed up and became somewhat nervous. "Sister, are you so afraid of me?"&nbsp; "I... I didn't..." As Ariana spoke, she took&nbsp;&nbsp; a deep breath and puffed out her chest, making&nbsp; her already impressive bust even more curvaceous.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, who was standing next&nbsp; to him, was completely mesmerized.&nbsp;&nbsp; Having a child with a woman like that would&nbsp; probably save him a lot of money on baby formula!&nbsp; Looking into Xiao Qiang's electrifying gaze,&nbsp; Ariana felt a current run through her body,&nbsp;&nbsp; a strange, even... irresistible&nbsp; feeling rushing to her head.&nbsp; Then Xiao Qiang leaned close to Ariana's&nbsp; ear again and whispered something...&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's hot breath kept&nbsp; hitting her fair neck and earlobes,&nbsp;&nbsp; causing the inexperienced&nbsp; Ariana immense torment...&nbsp; It felt as if thousands of ants were crawling&nbsp; all over her body. The key was that she had to&nbsp;&nbsp; endure this discomfort from the depths of her soul&nbsp; and listen carefully to Xiao Qiang's next plan.&nbsp; She even suspected that Xiao&nbsp; Qiang did this on purpose… Chapter 181 The Utterly Shameless Koreans Ten minutes later, Xiao Qiang finally explained&nbsp;&nbsp; his plan to the other party in detail. "Oh, Sister Ariana, do you have a fever?"&nbsp; Or are you feeling unwell? Why are her cheeks flushed, her&nbsp;&nbsp; eyes glazed over, and her legs still trembling…? Ariana, as expected of an elite member of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Rothschild family, remained mentally strong&nbsp; despite her extreme physical discomfort, and&nbsp;&nbsp; managed to understand Xiao Qiang's entire plan. Ariana glanced at Xiao Qiang with a complicated&nbsp;&nbsp; expression. Was this man really only&nbsp; 18 years old as the information showed?&nbsp; How could someone come up with such a meticulous&nbsp; and almost flawless plan in such a short time?&nbsp; She couldn't do it, neither could Jeffers&nbsp; or Rivers, it's truly terrifying...&nbsp; What if one day this young man stands on&nbsp; the opposite side of the Rothschild family?&nbsp; Is it possible for a family to win&nbsp; solely by relying on its size advantage&nbsp;&nbsp; accumulated over hundreds of years of history? At this moment, Ariana was overwhelmed by a sudden&nbsp;&nbsp; sense of anxiety that arose deep within her. But she knew that the most important thing&nbsp;&nbsp; at the moment was to save her father, and&nbsp; that these things could be dealt with later.&nbsp; "I...I'm fine...I just got a little tipsy..." Your plan is good, I agree.&nbsp; But are you sure your stuff won't go wrong? If anything goes wrong, the consequences...&nbsp;&nbsp; will be unimaginable... Don't worry!&nbsp; If something goes wrong, it&nbsp; won't be in my best interest!&nbsp; Ariana nodded, slightly relieved. “Sister Ariana, it’s getting late, so I need&nbsp;&nbsp; to go back and prepare my things. I’ll bring them&nbsp; to this bar for you first thing tomorrow morning…”&nbsp; But remember, you must never mention&nbsp; this to anyone under any circumstances.&nbsp; Ariana nodded. "This is my phone&nbsp; number. Let me know when you're ready."&nbsp; "Then, Sister Ariana, you'd better be prepared.&nbsp; After this is done, I'm going to taste your lips!"&nbsp; This time, Ariana didn't show any shyness;&nbsp; her face only flushed slightly as she met&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's slightly provocative gaze. "Okay! I definitely won't let you down..."&nbsp; After&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang left, Ariana immediately locked&nbsp; the office door and went into the restroom.&nbsp; A few seconds later, the sound of the&nbsp; shower running in the bathroom began!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang left the bar at just past 10 p.m.&nbsp; It's still early! After asking around, Xiao Qiang finally found&nbsp;&nbsp; a traditional Chinese medicine shop, but to his&nbsp; utter dismay, the owner turned out to be a Korean.&nbsp; "Waiter, please give me one dose of the medicine&nbsp; listed on this paper, according to the dosage!&nbsp;&nbsp; Also, please give me one of these tools." After the two waiters in the store prepared&nbsp;&nbsp; the medicine for Xiao Qiang as requested,&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was about to leave after paying.&nbsp; A man with an Asian face walked out of&nbsp; the cubicle office and spoke in Korean.&nbsp; "Are you Korean?" Xiao Qiang shook his head!&nbsp; "So you're from Japan?" Xiao Qiang shook his head again.&nbsp; "I am Chinese!" The shopkeeper frowned. "Chinese? I see the tools&nbsp;&nbsp; you bought for making elixirs. So, you Chinese&nbsp; can use medicinal herbs to make medicine now?"&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang was speechless. "Of&nbsp; course, China is the birthplace of traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese medicine. Is it strange that Chinese&nbsp; people know traditional Chinese medicine?"&nbsp; The Korean man shook his head. "No, no, no,&nbsp; traditional Chinese medicine was created and&nbsp;&nbsp; popularized by Koreans who lived in China.&nbsp; After this Korean ancestor returned to Korea,&nbsp;&nbsp; traditional Chinese medicine has been passed&nbsp; down in Korea for thousands of years."&nbsp; Therefore, strictly speaking, traditional&nbsp; Chinese medicine belongs to our Goryeo Kingdom.&nbsp; Our Korean Medical College was just nominated for&nbsp; World Heritage status this month. In March of this&nbsp;&nbsp; year, the World Heritage Committee will come&nbsp; to Korea for on-site evaluation and acceptance.&nbsp;&nbsp; At that time, Traditional Chinese Medicine&nbsp; will become the national treasure of Korea…”&nbsp; This infuriated Xiao Qiang. He had heard before&nbsp; that the Koreans were shameless; they claimed Qu&nbsp;&nbsp; Yuan was Korean and that the Dragon Boat Festival&nbsp; was submitted for UNESCO World Heritage status.&nbsp;&nbsp; During the acupuncture craze of those years,&nbsp; they claimed acupuncture originated in Korea&nbsp;&nbsp; and even submitted a UNESCO World Heritage&nbsp; application for acupuncture. They also&nbsp;&nbsp; claimed that Confucius and Lao Tzu were Korean... Now they actually claim that traditional Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; medicine was invented and popularized by Koreans.&nbsp; Calling them shameless is an insult to the word.&nbsp; "Since you claim to be the originators of&nbsp; traditional Chinese medicine, why didn't you in&nbsp;&nbsp; Korea develop an anti-cancer drug last year ?" "Um! That..."&nbsp; The Korean guy was instantly rendered&nbsp; speechless by Xiao Qiang's question.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was very curious about how this&nbsp; Korean would argue his way out of things.&nbsp; At this moment, the Korean man's eyes darted&nbsp; around, "Actually, our Korean Medical College&nbsp;&nbsp; later consulted with Xiao Qiang, the founder of&nbsp; your Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall,&nbsp;&nbsp; about his background. His ancestors for&nbsp; three generations had Korean blood, so...&nbsp;&nbsp; uh... strictly speaking, the anti-cancer&nbsp; drug was also invented by us Koreans!"&nbsp; When Xiao Qiang personally witnessed the&nbsp; shamelessness of the Koreans, he could only utter&nbsp;&nbsp; the words "Chinese culture" after a long pause. Holy crap!!!&nbsp; "Your Goryeo country is truly shameless to&nbsp; the extreme! Your entire country should be&nbsp;&nbsp; renamed the Shameless Country!" Xiao Qiang wasn't going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; polite to them; he started cursing right away. "Hey!? Chinese person, why are you swearing?"&nbsp; Why are you cursing? Because you deserve it! Do you know what Xiao Qiang, the founder of&nbsp;&nbsp; who invented the anti-cancer drug, looks like?&nbsp; The Korean guy was clearly&nbsp; bewildered by Xiao Qiang's question,&nbsp;&nbsp; completely clueless as to what he meant. Why should I care what he looks like?&nbsp; "Open your eyes and look..." The Korean was even more confused. Could&nbsp;&nbsp; there really be such a narcissistic man? "Why am I looking at you? I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; not interested in men..." "Your grandpa is Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; the founder of Zhonghua Xia Traditional Chinese&nbsp; Medicine Hall, whom you call Xiao Qiang."&nbsp; I am a pure and genuine Chinese. It has absolutely nothing to&nbsp;&nbsp; do with you Korean bastards! Now, the Koreans finally understood&nbsp;&nbsp; the intention behind the other party's actions. Seeing the Korean guy staring intently at him,&nbsp;&nbsp; he asked, "What, you don't believe me?" Open YouTube and search for "Huaxia&nbsp;&nbsp; TCM Clinic M Country Branch"... The Korean man turned to the computer&nbsp;&nbsp; and started typing... 5 minutes later!&nbsp; "So what if you invent an anti-cancer drug!" "So you're also using our Korean traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese medicine techniques..." Seeing that these Korean bastards&nbsp;&nbsp; were still trying to argue and glorify their&nbsp; country, Xiao Qiang felt an urge to take action.&nbsp; But after considering the purpose&nbsp; of his trip, he decided to give up.&nbsp; "The World Heritage accreditation&nbsp; body conducted the inspection in&nbsp;&nbsp; your country of Korea in March, right?" The Korean was taken aback, "That's right!"&nbsp; "Hopefully, you'll be there&nbsp; to witness it in person..."&nbsp; "Absolutely, all of us Korean doctors will go..." "Witness how I strip away the mask of your Goryeo&nbsp;&nbsp; Kingdom, witness how I prove that Traditional&nbsp; Chinese Medicine is a classic medical system&nbsp;&nbsp; originating from China..." After saying that, Xiao Qiang turned&nbsp; around and left the Korean shop.&nbsp; Having heard of and witnessed the shamelessness&nbsp; of the Koreans in his past life, Xiao Qiang was&nbsp;&nbsp; determined to teach this country, which&nbsp; prides itself on shamelessness, a lesson.&nbsp; Moreover, Korea is also the main&nbsp; force at the forefront of the US's&nbsp;&nbsp; efforts to squeeze China's rise. Let's start with this country! Chapter 182 Meyer's Serious Illness Xiao Qiang carried two large bags of&nbsp;&nbsp; Chinese herbal medicine and simple equipment&nbsp; for making Chinese medicine pills back to&nbsp;&nbsp; the villa under the cover of night. He now holds a mixed view of Jeffers&nbsp;&nbsp; and Ariana's words, believing them half and&nbsp; being cautiously skeptical the other half.&nbsp; But the method he just suggested to&nbsp; Ariana will not change his interests,&nbsp;&nbsp; no matter how things ultimately turn out. There might even be unexpected surprises.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang doesn't know how to make medicine,&nbsp; but there are plenty of people who do.&nbsp; After being possessed by two or three ancient&nbsp; Chinese medicine practitioners and working&nbsp;&nbsp; on it for three hours, a pill the size of a&nbsp; fingernail, radiating a crystal-clear luster,&nbsp;&nbsp; and another pill of the same size, but radiating&nbsp; a dark, crystal-clear luster, appeared before Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang's eyes. The following morning, Professor Rooney and&nbsp; his team from the Royal College of Medicine&nbsp;&nbsp; of Switzerland arrived at the palatial room&nbsp; of the Rothschild family patriarch, Mayer.&nbsp; Maye's four children were also with her. After Rooney's team performed a full-body&nbsp;&nbsp; multi-organ function test on Mayer,&nbsp; Rooney's brows furrowed tightly.&nbsp; When Rooney finished his test, his four&nbsp; children immediately surrounded him.&nbsp; Ariana asked with great concern,&nbsp; "Professor Rooney, how is my father?"&nbsp; Rooney shook his head. "Mr. Mayer's&nbsp; cardiopulmonary function has deteriorated&nbsp;&nbsp; too quickly, and his heart rate has dropped too&nbsp; drastically, now down to 30 beats per minute.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is the main reason why the head of the Mayer&nbsp; family has not been able to wake up for so long."&nbsp; Without a sufficient supply of blood&nbsp; oxygen, his brain cells will remain dormant.&nbsp; If his cardiopulmonary function continues&nbsp; to deteriorate and the oxygen content in&nbsp;&nbsp; his blood becomes too low, he will&nbsp; face death from cerebral hypoxia…&nbsp; At this moment, all four children looked&nbsp; extremely regretful and heartbroken!&nbsp; Ariana and her younger sister Alice were&nbsp; already teary-eyed and sobbing softly.&nbsp; Rivers and Jeffers exchanged a glance, their&nbsp; eyes filled with indifference and hatred.&nbsp; At this moment, Ariana seemed to&nbsp; suddenly remember something sad,&nbsp;&nbsp; and her soft sobs turned into loud wailing. "Dad...please wake up and see us...you said you&nbsp;&nbsp; still want to see Alice and me get married, and&nbsp; you still want to hold your little grandson..."&nbsp; How could you do this…” As Ariana sobbed, she&nbsp;&nbsp; threw herself at Maye's bedside and grasped her&nbsp; father's hands, which were clenched tightly due&nbsp;&nbsp; to his long bedridden state and muscle atrophy. She pressed her father's somewhat withered hands&nbsp;&nbsp; against her cheeks, as if she could feel the deep&nbsp; concern and love between father and daughter.&nbsp; At that moment, Rivers and Jeffers&nbsp; stepped forward simultaneously.&nbsp; Rivers: "Ariana, don't disturb&nbsp; Father's rest like that..."&nbsp; Jeffers: "Yes, what you're doing will&nbsp; only disturb Father's consciousness&nbsp;&nbsp; and will actually hinder his recovery." Ariana wiped away her tears and snot as&nbsp;&nbsp; she stood up. Perhaps because she stood up too&nbsp; suddenly, she swayed for a moment, and Alice,&nbsp;&nbsp; quick-witted and agile, immediately&nbsp; stepped forward to support her sister.&nbsp; After catching her breath, Ariana spoke slowly,&nbsp; "Father is like this because of you two. If you&nbsp;&nbsp; brothers hadn't been fighting over him, would&nbsp; Father have gotten this strange illness?"&nbsp; Now you're pretending to care&nbsp; about your father's safety?&nbsp; Why didn't you do this sooner? And you, Jeffers, you're really ruthless..."&nbsp; After saying that, she glared at Jeffers again. Ariana's words were ambiguous, implying that&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeffers had no scruples in the sibling rivalry and&nbsp; intended to kill his brother; at the same time,&nbsp;&nbsp; it also implied that their father, Mayer,&nbsp; was in his current state because Jeffers&nbsp;&nbsp; poisoned his own father in a fit of rage. She&nbsp; warned them not to think they didn't know,&nbsp;&nbsp; as they just hadn't found direct evidence yet. Jeffers, his face ashen, remained silent.&nbsp; The siblings have come to visit&nbsp; their father, but they have&nbsp;&nbsp; little to no communication with each other. The two daughters were extremely disgusted by&nbsp;&nbsp; the life-and-death struggle between Jeffers&nbsp; and Rivers, who had become mortal enemies.&nbsp; Only Ariana and her sister Alice maintained&nbsp; their pure and simple sisterly bond.&nbsp; The group parted on bad terms once again! Before leaving, Ariana looked back at her&nbsp;&nbsp; father a few times with great&nbsp; concern before leaving his room.&nbsp; Ten minutes after the four left Mayer's room! Xiao Qiang received a call from Jeffers;&nbsp;&nbsp; his voice was as relaxed as ever. "Dear Xiao, what do you think of the&nbsp;&nbsp; beautiful snow-capped mountains in Trainken?" "Haha, that's so cool! I've never seen&nbsp;&nbsp; such a beautiful snow scene." "Haha! Xiao, then you absolutely&nbsp;&nbsp; mustn't go too far in the next few days. Today,&nbsp; my father's attending physician said that his&nbsp;&nbsp; cardiopulmonary function is almost failing,&nbsp; and he probably doesn't have much time left..."&nbsp; "Oh! That's such a pity!" "By the way, Jeffers,&nbsp;&nbsp; when are you planning to make your move?" there was a brief silence on the other end of&nbsp; the phone, whether it was because he hadn't&nbsp;&nbsp; thought it through or for some other reason. A moment later, the voice on the other end&nbsp;&nbsp; of the phone rang again. "I plan to make my move&nbsp;&nbsp; on the day of my father's burial!" Xiao Qiang frowned. "On the day Father died,&nbsp;&nbsp; you unleashed a massacre... Aren't&nbsp; you afraid of leaving a bad legacy?"&nbsp; Jeffers' expression changed; this was a problem&nbsp; that had been troubling him for a long time.&nbsp; From the perspective of feasibility,&nbsp; it is easier to succeed by starting&nbsp;&nbsp; an uprising while things are in chaos. However, it is easily criticized by both&nbsp;&nbsp; direct and collateral branches of the&nbsp; family, which may leave hidden dangers&nbsp;&nbsp; for the future unification of the family. "Xiao, do you have any good suggestions?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang pondered for a moment, "At least&nbsp; wait until your father is properly buried...&nbsp;&nbsp; or until the day Rivers takes office..." Jeffers: "But on the day he takes office,&nbsp;&nbsp; he will surely be fully prepared, and my&nbsp; operation will lose its element of surprise..."&nbsp; "Then let's do it a day earlier..." Jeffers, on the other end of the phone,&nbsp;&nbsp; pondered for a moment, then muttered&nbsp; to himself, "A day earlier..."&nbsp; "Xiao, I'll think about it some&nbsp; more. Wait for my notification..."&nbsp; "No problem! By the way, Jeffers, after&nbsp; I've dealt with that old man in black,&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll prepare to return to China..." "That won't do..."&nbsp; Jeffers' tone was strange and a little&nbsp; flustered, which surprised Xiao Qiang!&nbsp; Realizing his lapse in decorum, Jeffers&nbsp; quickly changed his tone and explained,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Shaughnessy, what I meant was that you've&nbsp; finally come to Trainken, and I haven't had&nbsp;&nbsp; a chance to show you any hospitality. Once&nbsp; I become the head of the Rothschild family,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll definitely demonstrate the Rothschild&nbsp; family's tradition of hospitality..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang laughed heartily in&nbsp; response, "Jeffers, you're too kind..."&nbsp; Then I won't hold back; I'll&nbsp; fleece you, you rich bastard...&nbsp; After hanging up&nbsp;&nbsp; the phone, Xiao Qiang's face, which had been&nbsp; beaming with joy, immediately turned ashen.&nbsp; "Jeffers, you'd better not&nbsp; have any ulterior motives..."&nbsp; I can help you rise to the top,&nbsp; or I can drag you down to hell… Chapter 183 Mayer's Death, Jeffers' Uprising As night falls, the town of Trainken&nbsp;&nbsp; slowly falls silent. However, this silence did&nbsp;&nbsp; not last long before it was completely broken. Around 10:30 p.m., when the attending physician&nbsp;&nbsp; went to check on the condition of the head of the&nbsp; Maye family, she was horrified to find that the&nbsp;&nbsp; curve on the heart rate monitor, which symbolized&nbsp; vital signs, had turned into a straight line.&nbsp; The lakeside manor became unusually&nbsp; busy, with a somber and oppressive&nbsp;&nbsp; atmosphere permeating the entire island. The entire town of Trainken seemed to be&nbsp;&nbsp; affected, with cars surging towards the&nbsp; lakeside estate under the cover of night.&nbsp; At 11 p.m., the manor on the island in the&nbsp; lake was brightly lit, with all the rooms&nbsp;&nbsp; and streetlights turned on, illuminating&nbsp; the entire island as if it were daytime.&nbsp; "Dad, why did you leave so suddenly..." "Dad, please open your eyes and look at&nbsp;&nbsp; us again..." Ariana and Alice's two daughters&nbsp; were crying their eyes out.&nbsp; Jeffers and Rivers, their faces grim,&nbsp; stood in the room looking at their&nbsp;&nbsp; father's body, seemingly lost in thought. At this moment, a member of the family elders&nbsp;&nbsp; walked in and said, “My four nephews, please&nbsp; accept my condolences. According to our family&nbsp;&nbsp; tradition, when the head of the family passes&nbsp; away, in order not to make him feel lonely,&nbsp;&nbsp; a funeral will be held the next day, and all&nbsp; relatives will be present to say goodbye.”&nbsp; After the burial, all the family&nbsp; members stayed for another day,&nbsp;&nbsp; and on the third day, a ceremony was held to mark&nbsp; the inauguration of the new head of the family.&nbsp; "My dear nephews, do you have any&nbsp; other matters to discuss? If not,&nbsp;&nbsp; the family elders will begin to handle the&nbsp; affairs of the former patriarch's descendants."&nbsp; The four children shook their heads one after&nbsp; another, indicating that they had no objection.&nbsp; That evening, under the guidance of the&nbsp; family elders, Mayer Rothschild's body&nbsp;&nbsp; was placed in a coffin and laid to rest. After a busy night, the entire island&nbsp;&nbsp; appeared solemn and somber the next day. Inside the Rothschild family's vast castle,&nbsp;&nbsp; candlelight flickered, illuminating the&nbsp; coffin adorned with the family crest,&nbsp;&nbsp; surrounded by flowers and filled with fragrance. A portrait of Mayer hung on the wall, a testament&nbsp;&nbsp; to the family's illustrious past. Family&nbsp; members and guests, dressed in black suits,&nbsp;&nbsp; stood in silent reverence, the air thick&nbsp; with sorrow and respect for the deceased.&nbsp; The music, soft and gentle, like&nbsp; a whisper, soothes the soul. The&nbsp;&nbsp; entire scene is both a tribute to the deceased&nbsp; and a display of family honor and heritage.&nbsp; In this centuries-old castle, countless Rothschild&nbsp; patriarchs have been mourned and honored,&nbsp;&nbsp; but today, it is Mayer's turn. As dawn broke, family members,&nbsp;&nbsp; dressed in black and wearing family crests,&nbsp; escorted the coffin to the solemn church.&nbsp; Inside the church, a solemn and dignified&nbsp; atmosphere prevailed, with candlelight and flowers&nbsp;&nbsp; weaving together to create a sea of sorrow. The&nbsp; pastor read a prayer, his voice steady and solemn,&nbsp;&nbsp; asking for Maye's soul to rest in peace. Then, the coffin was slowly moved out,&nbsp;&nbsp; followed by family members and guests, who entered&nbsp; the family cemetery. To the strains of a melodious&nbsp;&nbsp; organ, the coffin was gently lowered into the&nbsp; prepared grave. People stepped forward one by&nbsp;&nbsp; one to offer a final bouquet of flowers,&nbsp; bidding farewell to this great patriarch.&nbsp; Ariana and Alice, with their eyes already red&nbsp; and swollen, repeatedly bowed to thank the&nbsp;&nbsp; guests and friends who saw them off. Under the setting sun, the cemetery&nbsp;&nbsp; appeared exceptionally quiet, as if even&nbsp; time had stood still for Maye's departure.&nbsp; The funeral was over quickly. But from that moment on, the oppressive&nbsp;&nbsp; atmosphere on the island did not fade away; on the&nbsp; contrary, the nameless sense of dread intensified.&nbsp; After the funeral, Rivers was summoned&nbsp; by one of the elders of the council to&nbsp;&nbsp; discuss the inauguration ceremony of the new&nbsp; head of the family the day after tomorrow.&nbsp; Jeffers watched Rivers leave with the family&nbsp; elders, his face expressionless and cold,&nbsp;&nbsp; but his heart was already filled with rage. "Rivers, my dear brother, enjoy your last&nbsp;&nbsp; night of life." Perhaps it was a case of heaven being&nbsp; jealous of talent, for after Maye's burial,&nbsp;&nbsp; the entire town of Trainken was shrouded in&nbsp; gloom. It began to snow lightly at 5 p.m.,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the snow fell heavier and heavier,&nbsp; turning into a heavy snowfall by 8 p.m.&nbsp; The entire island was immediately&nbsp; covered by a thick layer of snow!&nbsp; In the freezing cold, a dozen or so people dressed&nbsp; in pure black and pure white set off for the&nbsp;&nbsp; island in the middle of the lake. The following morning, the town&nbsp; of Trainken was shrouded in white.&nbsp; Behind the island in the middle of the&nbsp; lake, there is a more rustic manor,&nbsp;&nbsp; where the Rothschild family elders live together. The island in the middle of the lake is divided&nbsp;&nbsp; into a front mountain and a back mountain.&nbsp; The front mountain occupies three-fifths of&nbsp;&nbsp; the entire island area and is home&nbsp; to the current head of the family,&nbsp;&nbsp; his brothers, and his children and descendants. However, due to the progress of the times,&nbsp;&nbsp; most of the younger generation live&nbsp; in modern cities and only return to&nbsp;&nbsp; the family residence during major holidays. The head of the family oversees the operation of&nbsp;&nbsp; all the family's businesses from this location. The back mountain is where the family elders&nbsp;&nbsp; reside. The elders are mostly the uncles of the&nbsp; current family head, and some are cousins of the&nbsp;&nbsp; same generation as the family head. Meanwhile, in the elders'&nbsp;&nbsp; council hall on the back mountain! The Fifth and Sixth Elders, representing&nbsp;&nbsp; the Elders' Council, were reciting the family&nbsp; precepts to Rivers, who was about to succeed as&nbsp;&nbsp; the new head of the family, in accordance with&nbsp; the wishes of the previous head of the family.&nbsp; Suddenly, the doors to the&nbsp; council chamber were opened.&nbsp; Jeffers was the one who pushed&nbsp; open the door and entered.&nbsp; Rivers frowned as he looked at Jeffers,&nbsp; while the Fifth Elder spoke first.&nbsp; “Jeffers, we are reciting the family precepts&nbsp; to the new family. What do you need to say?&nbsp;&nbsp; We can talk about it after we’re done.” Upon hearing this, Jeffers burst into laughter.&nbsp; "The new head of the family? What makes&nbsp; Rivers the new head of the family?"&nbsp; The Fifth Elder frowned. "Your father, the former&nbsp; head of the family, left a will before his death,&nbsp;&nbsp; stipulating that Rivers should take over&nbsp; the reins of the Rothschild family."&nbsp; Don't you know about this? Jeffers, during the Cold War,&nbsp;&nbsp; said, "Of course I know." However, at that time my father&nbsp;&nbsp; was already terminally ill and delirious. The&nbsp; decisions he made at that time were certainly&nbsp;&nbsp; not well thought out and did not take into&nbsp; account the interests of the family as a whole.&nbsp; What is the purpose of the Presbyterian Council? The purpose is to safeguard the family's enduring&nbsp;&nbsp; legacy and correct any deviations in a&nbsp; timely manner. Did you not consider these&nbsp;&nbsp; objective circumstances when carrying&nbsp; out my father's dying instructions?&nbsp; "this……" Jeffers' words left the Fifth Elder speechless.&nbsp; "Jeffers, my dear brother, you&nbsp; are as good at sophistry as ever."&nbsp; After my father became bedridden, he was in&nbsp; a state of illness, but when his will was&nbsp;&nbsp; announced, it was when he was conscious&nbsp; and had the capacity to make a judgment.&nbsp; But you insist that Father was not&nbsp; in his right mind at the time…”&nbsp; The Fifth Elder chimed in, "Rivers is right..." Jeffers chuckled, but didn't continue&nbsp;&nbsp; to argue with Rivers about the topic. "Rivers, Fifth Elder and Sixth Elder, according&nbsp;&nbsp; to family rules, the explanation and transmission&nbsp; of the family precepts before the new family head&nbsp;&nbsp; takes office are usually carried out by the First&nbsp; Elder, Second Elder and Third Elder. Why did it&nbsp;&nbsp; become the Fifth Elder and Sixth Elder this time?" The Fifth Elder immediately replied, "The Sixth&nbsp;&nbsp; Elder and I were entrusted by the three elders&nbsp; to explain the new family to the new family."&nbsp; "There's also a power of attorney here..." At this moment, Jeffers suddenly burst out,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Nonsense! I just went to the residence of&nbsp; the three elders, and the room was empty.&nbsp;&nbsp; I sent people to search the entire island,&nbsp; but there was no trace of the three elders."&nbsp; I think it was you who colluded with Rivers&nbsp; to imprison three highly respected elders,&nbsp;&nbsp; hoping to use this opportunity to push Rivers&nbsp; into the position of the new family head! Chapter 184 You Have Three&nbsp; Minutes to Leave Your Last Words&nbsp; The Fifth and Sixth Elders were immediately&nbsp; enraged, shouting, "Jeffers, you're talking&nbsp;&nbsp; nonsense... Stop spreading rumors!" Rivers was also taken aback. "Jeffers,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can eat whatever you want, but&nbsp; you can't say whatever you want. Do&nbsp;&nbsp; you know what kind of behavior this is?" You're smearing the Elders' Council...&nbsp; "Pfft~~" Jeffers scoffed.&nbsp; "Rivers, there is an ancestral rule in the family&nbsp; that if a traitor appears in the family and&nbsp;&nbsp; does something like betraying one's master and&nbsp; ancestors for personal gain, it is forbidden."&nbsp; The entire clan deserves to be killed…! Rivers, well-versed in Chinese classics,&nbsp;&nbsp; felt increasingly uneasy listening to Jeffers'&nbsp; words. Was this an attempt to emulate Emperor&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhu Di of the Ming Dynasty in a "purge&nbsp; of the court of corrupt officials" 2.0?&nbsp; Not only are they purging the court&nbsp; of corrupt officials? This seems like&nbsp;&nbsp; they're trying to kill two birds with&nbsp; one stone, taking them all down at once!&nbsp; Rivers had already considered one possibility:&nbsp; his brother was using the disappearance of the&nbsp;&nbsp; three elders to pin the blame on him, thus&nbsp; giving him a legitimate reason to retaliate.&nbsp; Therefore, while Jeffers was still&nbsp; giving his impassioned speech,&nbsp;&nbsp; Rivers seized the opportunity and ran out of&nbsp; the council chamber through the back door.&nbsp; His car was at the back door, and the old&nbsp; man in black was there too. As long as&nbsp;&nbsp; he got back into the car, he would be safe.&nbsp; As for the Fifth Elder and the Sixth Elder…&nbsp; Good luck to you... Seeing Rivers flee in panic,&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeffers quickly shouted towards the front door,&nbsp; "Joseph, Keynes, take men and give chase! Rivers&nbsp;&nbsp; escaped through the back door..." The next second, Joseph and a burly,&nbsp;&nbsp; cold-faced man in his thirties rushed in,&nbsp; followed by thirty uniformed, muscular men…&nbsp; Upon seeing the people who entered, the&nbsp; Fifth and Sixth Elders exclaimed in shock,&nbsp;&nbsp; "The Patriarch's personal guard... they&nbsp; actually chose to pledge allegiance to you..."&nbsp; Jeffers said with a smirk, "Keynes called it&nbsp; 'discretion is the better part of valor'..."&nbsp; Joseph and Keynes returned again.&nbsp; "Young master, there's a car lane&nbsp;&nbsp; leading to the front hill through the back&nbsp; door. Rivers has already gone far away..."&nbsp; Jeffers remained calm. "Then let's&nbsp; go back to the front mountain.&nbsp;&nbsp; The patriarch's personal guard has already&nbsp; pledged allegiance to me. With just that man&nbsp;&nbsp; in black beside him and his own guard,&nbsp; they can't cause any real trouble..."&nbsp; "Let's go, elders. Today I'll show you&nbsp; just how corrupt your elders' council is,&nbsp;&nbsp; actually supporting Rivers' rise to power... I'll&nbsp; make everyone understand that I, Jeffers, am the&nbsp;&nbsp; most suitable successor to the family head..." Outside the door, Xiao Qiang stood lazily,&nbsp;&nbsp; silently watching the farce of the&nbsp; brothers fighting in the Luo family.&nbsp; Anyway, all I agreed to do was help him keep&nbsp; the old man in black next to Rivers in check.&nbsp; As for other things? Just stand by and watch!&nbsp; Led by Jeffers, the group hurried towards&nbsp; the front of the mountain, covered in dust.&nbsp; On the way, Jeffers received a report&nbsp; from his scouts that Rivers and the&nbsp;&nbsp; old man in black had entered Rivers's&nbsp; mansion in the front of the mountain.&nbsp; Jeffers sneered and said to Xiao Qiang, "Do&nbsp; you think my brother is stupid? Hiding in his&nbsp;&nbsp; own mansion, is he still a child? Hiding&nbsp; at home when there's danger? Haha..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang smiled noncommittally&nbsp; and remained silent.&nbsp; But a strange feeling suddenly arose&nbsp; in his heart: Did Rivers really just&nbsp;&nbsp; want to hide at home to seek so-called security? Half an hour later, Jeffers and his party arrived&nbsp;&nbsp; at Rivers' mansion, looking travel-worn. Outside the Rivers mansion!&nbsp; "Rivers, my dear brother, is this&nbsp; how you greet your younger brother?"&nbsp; Or are you simply scared and&nbsp; want to cower in fear...?&nbsp; If you don't come to welcome your younger&nbsp; brother in, then I'll have to go in myself..."&nbsp; No matter how much Jeffers tried to provoke&nbsp; him, there was no response from inside.&nbsp; Jeffers, his face dark, gave Joseph and Keynes a&nbsp; look behind him. The two stepped forward and each&nbsp;&nbsp; kicked the two seemingly sturdy wooden doors. With two loud bangs, the two wooden doors&nbsp;&nbsp; shattered, demonstrating just&nbsp; how powerful the two men were.&nbsp; The crowd filed in. Upon entering the gate, a courtyard&nbsp;&nbsp; of 800 square meters came into view. Rivers&nbsp; was sitting near the house in the courtyard,&nbsp;&nbsp; with the old man in black standing next to him.&nbsp; Behind them, a full 100 people stood in neat rows.&nbsp; Seeing the situation before him, Jeffers sneered. "Rivers, is this your&nbsp;&nbsp; confidence? A hundred-man guard?" Rivers scoffed, "Jeffers, you only have 30 members&nbsp;&nbsp; of the family's personal guard, don't you?" Don't you know that the patriarch's personal&nbsp;&nbsp; guards around you were all&nbsp; trained by Grandpa Melio?&nbsp; He then pointed to the old&nbsp; man in black beside him.&nbsp; The old man in black was named Merio, and no&nbsp; one knew his age, at least not those present.&nbsp; “Jeffers, of course I know. Do you think I&nbsp; would confront you without any preparation?”&nbsp; The old man beside you is also your strongest&nbsp; fighting force, a mid-level Heavenly Dao Walker.&nbsp; In Western martial arts, combat power&nbsp; is ranked from low to high as follows:&nbsp;&nbsp; Beginner Walker, Cloud Walker, Wind Breaker,&nbsp; Mountain Master, and Heavenly Path Walker.&nbsp;&nbsp; Each stage is further subdivided into the Initial&nbsp; Cloud Realm, Intermediate Realm, and Peak Realm.&nbsp; Rivers' expression changed. "Could it be that&nbsp; you have someone who can beat Grandpa Merio?"&nbsp; Joseph beside you is at most a peak Mountain&nbsp; Grandmaster, and as for the family head's guard&nbsp;&nbsp; captain Keynes, although he is exceptionally&nbsp; talented, he has only just entered the initial&nbsp;&nbsp; Cloud Realm of the Heavenly Dao Walker.&nbsp; Where does your confidence come from?&nbsp; After years of fighting, Jeffers&nbsp; and Rivers are well aware of the&nbsp;&nbsp; strength of their respective allies. Jeffers, too tired to argue with Rivers&nbsp;&nbsp; any longer, turned and nodded slightly to Xiao&nbsp; Qiang, who was inconspicuous in the crowd,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Dear Xiao, I'm counting on you..." Xiao Qiang rubbed his sleepy eyes. He&nbsp;&nbsp; had been busy all night and then came to support&nbsp; Jeffers without rest the next day. As a result,&nbsp;&nbsp; the two brothers talked for a long&nbsp; time, and he was getting sleepy.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang yawned deeply. "Merio, right? In China,&nbsp; we value respecting the elderly and caring for the&nbsp;&nbsp; young. I bet you're at least ninety, if not a&nbsp; hundred. Go home and enjoy your retirement. Why&nbsp;&nbsp; are you still fighting and killing at your age..." The people in the courtyard were speechless for&nbsp;&nbsp; a moment, especially Jeffers. "Dude, did I&nbsp; spend billions to hire you to respect the&nbsp;&nbsp; elderly and care for the young? Or to talk&nbsp; nonsense like an old Confucian scholar?"&nbsp; You'd better hurry up and do it! Merio's wrinkled face revealed no expression, but&nbsp;&nbsp; his murderous eyes sent chills down one's spine. "This Chinese brat actually dares to get involved&nbsp;&nbsp; in the Rothschild family's affairs." Everyone says China is full of hidden&nbsp;&nbsp; talents and powerful figures, let me&nbsp; see if you're a dragon or a worm...&nbsp; As he spoke, he was about to pounce on Xiao Qiang. Xiao Qiang pushed forward, "Wait..."&nbsp; Everyone was about to vomit blood! What kind of trick is this...?&nbsp; But Merio, as expected of a&nbsp; mid-level Heavenly Dao Walker,&nbsp;&nbsp; possessed a magnanimous heart. He immediately&nbsp; stopped, and his hoarse voice rang out again.&nbsp; "Kid, you have three minutes&nbsp; to say your last words..." Chapter 185 The rabbit dies, the dog is cooked Grandpa Merio's cool remark almost&nbsp; made Xiao Qiang choke on his words.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang thought to himself, "This old man&nbsp; must have been a show-off when he was young..."&nbsp; "Uncle Mei, forget about the will. What&nbsp; I mean is, this place is too small;&nbsp;&nbsp; we can't really fight like this outside..." Grandpa Merio suddenly felt his face&nbsp;&nbsp; burning. He'd been careless; he'd&nbsp; misunderstood the young man, thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; he was just intimidated by his domineering aura… Fortunately, his complexion was naturally dark,&nbsp;&nbsp; so no one could tell that anything was wrong. After saying "okay," Merio leaped&nbsp;&nbsp; off the 3-meter-high wall. At the same time, a booming voice&nbsp;&nbsp; rang out, "Kid, come out and face your death..." Xiao Qiang shook his head helplessly and sighed,&nbsp;&nbsp; "They're all decades or even hundreds&nbsp; of years old, with old arms and legs,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they still like to show off so much." There's clearly a way out, why insist&nbsp;&nbsp; on jumping over the wall... Only a&nbsp; cornered dog would jump over a wall...&nbsp; His voice wasn't exactly loud, but it&nbsp; was definitely not quiet either. Merio,&nbsp;&nbsp; who had just jumped over the wall and was&nbsp; walking towards the open space, almost stumbled&nbsp;&nbsp; over upon hearing Xiao Qiang's words... His withered hands clenched tightly,&nbsp;&nbsp; making a series of teeth-grinding sounds. Meanwhile, under the watchful eyes of everyone,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang strolled out through the door that&nbsp; Joseph and Keynes had just kicked open...&nbsp; After Xiao Qiang's figure&nbsp; disappeared into the distance.&nbsp; "Jeffers, is this the helper you found?"&nbsp; Jeffers also felt embarrassed. Shouldn't you&nbsp; be able to fly and disappear at this time?&nbsp; Although I know you're really strong,&nbsp; aren't you being a little too modest...?&nbsp; You can complain in your heart,&nbsp; but you can't back down verbally!&nbsp; "Rivers, your strongest forces have&nbsp; already been deployed. Do you think&nbsp;&nbsp; your personal guards can protect you?" “Jeffers, I believe in Merio’s abilities.&nbsp;&nbsp; He’ll be back in less than a minute…” So, are you sure you want to waste&nbsp;&nbsp; your time? You only have one minute… Jeffers didn't take Rivers' words seriously,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he wasn't going to waste any more&nbsp; time, so he waved to Joseph and Keynes.&nbsp; The two then led their men&nbsp; into a fight with Rivers' men.&nbsp; And in the huge square outside the gate. Xiao Qiang and Merio had already exchanged over a&nbsp;&nbsp; hundred blows, but Merio was becoming increasingly&nbsp; alarmed as the fight progressed, initially&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking he would finish the fight within&nbsp; half a minute and then go to support Rivers.&nbsp; Two minutes have passed, and he has already used&nbsp; up his ultimate move, while this kid is still&nbsp;&nbsp; acting nonchalantly... even a bit carefree. This is so damn infuriating...&nbsp; Furthermore, Melio couldn't discern any signs&nbsp; of his opponent's moves fading from his own...&nbsp; At the same time, he was completely&nbsp; unable to counter the opponent's moves,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he could also see that although Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; moves were fierce, they lacked killing intent...&nbsp; It even seems like they're&nbsp; deliberately stalling for time...&nbsp; Two minutes later, Merio wanted to retreat back&nbsp; to help Rivers, but Xiao Qiang was like a leech,&nbsp;&nbsp; making it impossible for him to get away... After five minutes of sparring with Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; Merio was finally pulled in for a sparring&nbsp; session. Xiao Qiang then gave a low shout,&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's enough..." Then I got serious...&nbsp; The nonchalant Xiao Qiang had already beaten&nbsp; Merio to a pulp. When Xiao Qiang got serious,&nbsp;&nbsp; Merio forced himself to raise his momentum&nbsp; to the highest level, but he still couldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; last fifty moves against Xiao Qiang. Xiao Qiang kicked her in the neck,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Merioliss passed out. In Rivers' yard, the battle was truly one-sided.&nbsp; Although Jeffers' side had fewer&nbsp; men, their overall individual combat&nbsp;&nbsp; capabilities were far superior to Rivers's guards. Xiao Qiang was truly dismayed by this situation.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was truly incompetent of Firth to have&nbsp; his family's guards poached by Jeffers&nbsp;&nbsp; despite being designated as the crown prince. At this moment, Rivers looked at the one-sided&nbsp;&nbsp; situation on the field, and his biggest&nbsp; helper, Merio, had not returned for so long,&nbsp;&nbsp; which finally made him show a panicked expression. The figure that entered through the door the&nbsp;&nbsp; next second was like the last&nbsp; straw that broke Rivers' spirit.&nbsp; "How could it be him, Merio? Merio?... " Rivers shouted loudly towards the door.&nbsp; But no matter how he shouted,&nbsp; no one responded to him.&nbsp; In that instant, all of Rivers's men were knocked&nbsp; to the ground and rendered unable to fight.&nbsp; "Jeffers, my job's done. I see your victory&nbsp; is assured, so I'll be leaving now. You can&nbsp;&nbsp; clean up the mess yourself. I'll come back&nbsp; next year to admire the town's beauty..."&nbsp; After saying goodbye, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang prepared to leave.&nbsp; "My dear Xiao, I think you can't leave yet..." A faint voice came from behind Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang paused, stopped, and turned&nbsp; back to look at Jeffers with a playful&nbsp;&nbsp; expression. "Jeffers, what do you mean?&nbsp; You want to leave me here? Or are you&nbsp;&nbsp; planning to kill me too...?" Jeffers sneered, "Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; what if it's the second one..." Xiao Qiang's amused smile deepened.&nbsp; "Oh? You think your men are a match for me?" "Xiao, I know you're a great fighter,&nbsp;&nbsp; but don't you feel weak all over and&nbsp; unable to concentrate right now?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was taken aback, and&nbsp; then, after exerting a little effort,&nbsp;&nbsp; he found that his meridians seemed to be&nbsp; blocked, making it impossible to work.&nbsp; "You drugged me?" "You're not too stupid.&nbsp;&nbsp; Didn't you smell a faint fragrance on the&nbsp; car on the way to the island in the lake?"&nbsp; That's a toxin extracted from pure plants,&nbsp; specifically designed to restrict experts like&nbsp;&nbsp; you at the Heavenly Path Walker level and above. Xiao Qiang looked like he was filled with regret.&nbsp; Why are you doing this? What benefit do you&nbsp; get from it? We're very good business partners.&nbsp; "Hiss~~" "Xiao Qiang, you overestimate yourself.&nbsp;&nbsp; You think you can be my friend just because you&nbsp; own Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall?"&nbsp; Even if you earn 900 billion&nbsp; US dollars a year, so what?&nbsp; Do you know anything about the Rothschild&nbsp; family? Their assets are worth 50 trillion!&nbsp;&nbsp; Do you think I care about the little&nbsp; money I make selling medicine to you?&nbsp; It's not even enough for my allowance! I'm helping you sell medicine to lull you&nbsp;&nbsp; into a false sense of security... You really think I love you...&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's expression was cold. "So,&nbsp; the billions of euros you gave me before,&nbsp;&nbsp; along with two tech companies, were also just&nbsp; to lull me into a false sense of security?"&nbsp; "You're not completely stupid..." Xiao Qiang sighed, "Your Luo family is really&nbsp;&nbsp; rich and powerful, using tens of billions of euros&nbsp; to lull people into a false sense of security..."&nbsp; That's quite a generous gesture! "Compared to gaining the position&nbsp;&nbsp; of head of the Rothschild family, this&nbsp; little bit of money is nothing..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, "..." Jeffers' words left&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang speechless for a moment. "But I have no grudge against you,&nbsp;&nbsp; and my existence or absence will not affect&nbsp; your position as the head of your Luo family..."&nbsp; Jeffers's arrogance grew as he looked at&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's almost pleading expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the favorable situation that seemed to&nbsp; have been settled became even more inflated.&nbsp; "Your existence makes me restless, so only&nbsp; when you disappear from this world can I&nbsp;&nbsp; peacefully enjoy the glory of being&nbsp; the head of the Rothschild family..." Chapter 186 Hades, God of War Xiao Qiang finally believed Ariana's&nbsp;&nbsp; words. Jeffers was indeed a ruthless,&nbsp; cold-blooded person with a narrow mind.&nbsp; "So, you're determined to kill me?" Xiao Qiang's words showed no panic; they sounded&nbsp;&nbsp; more like he was asking about a trivial matter. This greatly displeased Jeffers. "Shaughnessy,&nbsp;&nbsp; don't worry. Considering you helped me&nbsp; get rid of Merio, my biggest obstacle,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll let you leave more easily later. Now,&nbsp; let me send my dear brother on his way..."&nbsp; Having said that, Jeffers turned to Rivers&nbsp; with a cold, arrogant gaze, "My dear brother,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's about time. Will you let me send you on your&nbsp; way personally, or will you do it yourself…?"&nbsp; As he spoke, he threw a&nbsp; sharp dagger at Rivers' feet.&nbsp; Rivers was no longer flustered; he simply&nbsp; watched the spectacle unfold before him,&nbsp;&nbsp; a classic case of "the cunning rabbit&nbsp; dies, the hunting dog is cooked."&nbsp; After Jeffers said those words, Rivers'&nbsp; last shred of hope was shattered.&nbsp; He had originally thought that Jeffers&nbsp; would at least have some basic brotherly&nbsp;&nbsp; affection and a moral bottom line, but he never&nbsp; expected that he had overestimated himself.&nbsp; In Jeffers' eyes, only the position&nbsp; of family head mattered; familial&nbsp;&nbsp; affection had completely vanished… The hesitation in Rivers' eyes&nbsp;&nbsp; vanished completely as his illusion shattered. "Jeffers, you've been confident since you were&nbsp;&nbsp; a child, even a little blindly confident." Do you really think you've secured your&nbsp;&nbsp; position as head of the Rothschild family? "You think you've already won against me?"&nbsp; Jeffers felt a sudden shiver run&nbsp; down his spine as he looked at the&nbsp;&nbsp; confidence and composure in Rivers' eyes. He couldn't help but wonder, "Is there some&nbsp;&nbsp; factor I haven't considered? Or does Rivers&nbsp; still have a trump card up his sleeve?"&nbsp; "Rivers, at this point, what tricks are you trying&nbsp; to pull? Bring on whatever schemes you have,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's either you or me today..." Joseph, Keynes, get Rivers out of&nbsp;&nbsp; here! I'll personally see my brother off! Just as the two were about to step forward,&nbsp;&nbsp; they heard Rivers shout loudly. "Ares, Hades, it's your turn to get to work!"&nbsp; As soon as he finished speaking, two figures&nbsp; shot out from the room behind Rivers.&nbsp; The impact shattered the wooden doors and&nbsp; windows, and it has to be said that the&nbsp;&nbsp; way the two made their entrance was incredibly&nbsp; impressive, leaving everyone present speechless.&nbsp; After the two men came out, another&nbsp; twenty-four people emerged from the room.&nbsp; One of them, clad in a deep black robe and&nbsp; wearing a jewel-encrusted crown, possessed a&nbsp;&nbsp; cold and stern face, his eyes seemingly capable&nbsp; of seeing through the cycle of life and death.&nbsp;&nbsp; He held a double-headed scepter, with ghostly&nbsp; serpents coiled around it, symbolizing boundless&nbsp;&nbsp; power and death. A faint aura of the underworld&nbsp; surrounded him, sending chills down one's spine.&nbsp; The other man, clad in dazzling armor that&nbsp; gleamed with metallic luster, his battle robes&nbsp;&nbsp; burning like fire, wielded a spear with a sharp&nbsp; tip that seemed capable of piercing any obstacle.&nbsp;&nbsp; His face was resolute, his eyes burning with an&nbsp; indomitable fighting spirit and thirst for battle,&nbsp;&nbsp; radiating an aura of fearless bravery. Jeffers looked gravely at the two who&nbsp;&nbsp; had suddenly appeared and the twenty-four people&nbsp; behind them, and whispered to Joseph and Keynes&nbsp;&nbsp; beside him, "..." "These two...?"&nbsp; "Very strong..." Before Jeffers could finish asking, Joseph&nbsp;&nbsp; and Keynes gave their answers simultaneously. Jeffers was speechless. The fight hadn't&nbsp; even started yet, and morale was already low.&nbsp; At this moment, Keynes seemed to suddenly realize&nbsp; something terrible, "You...you are Ares, the god&nbsp;&nbsp; of war, and Hades, the god of the underworld..." At this moment, Joseph exclaimed in horror,&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's right... it's them, in&nbsp; their dark robes and golden armor,&nbsp;&nbsp; which are the hallmarks of Hades, the god of&nbsp; the underworld, and Ares, the god of war."&nbsp; Jeffers was even more confused. "Isn't&nbsp; this a character from Greek mythology?"&nbsp; Joseph said in a low voice, "In the mid-15th&nbsp; century, the whole of Europe was plunged into&nbsp;&nbsp; widespread war, and in the process, a dark force&nbsp; was formed, led by Zeus, the king of the gods;&nbsp;&nbsp; Hades, the god of the underworld; Poseidon, the&nbsp; god of the sea; Athena, the goddess of wisdom;&nbsp;&nbsp; Apollo, the god of the sun; Ares, the god&nbsp; of war; and Hermes, the god of wealth."&nbsp; They are an armed force operating outside the&nbsp; government, small in number but highly skilled,&nbsp;&nbsp; and possess extremely strong combat capabilities. These armed forces have accumulated a&nbsp;&nbsp; wealth of experience over hundreds of years. Legend has it that every celestial being possesses&nbsp;&nbsp; strength comparable to a mid-level Celestial&nbsp; Daoist. Furthermore, each is protected by twelve&nbsp;&nbsp; divine guards, all of whom are powerful figures&nbsp; at the Mountain Grandmaster level or higher.&nbsp; They are often seen in countries and regions&nbsp; plagued by war, such as the Middle East and&nbsp;&nbsp; Africa. Rivers then said with a hint of sarcasm,&nbsp; "At least you guys have some knowledge."&nbsp; Then his cold gaze swept over Jeffers.&nbsp; "Jeffers, from beginning to end,&nbsp;&nbsp; I have been tolerant of you because we are&nbsp; brothers from the same father and mother.&nbsp;&nbsp; But you have taken my tolerance as weakness&nbsp; and have become even more unreasonable."&nbsp; Now they're trying to kill me. "Since that's the case, then don't blame me..."&nbsp; Just as Jeffers was about to say something,&nbsp; Rivers had already given the order to attack.&nbsp; Ares, the god of war, and Hades, the god of the&nbsp; underworld, charged toward Joseph and Keynes&nbsp;&nbsp; like tigers descending a mountain. Meanwhile, the twenty-four guards&nbsp;&nbsp; behind him charged toward the thirty&nbsp; family head guards behind Jeffers.&nbsp; The two sides are vastly different in strength; it&nbsp; can be described as a one-sided crushing defeat.&nbsp; Two minutes in, Jeffers's patriarch's&nbsp; guards had all lost their fighting ability.&nbsp; Almost at the same moment, Joseph, who&nbsp; was fighting Hades, was kicked ten meters&nbsp;&nbsp; away. His already aged body was unable to&nbsp; stand up immediately after such a blow.&nbsp; Keynes, who is relatively stronger,&nbsp; is only at the initial stage of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Heavenly Dao Walker realm. Compared to Ares,&nbsp; the God of War who is about to break through&nbsp;&nbsp; to the peak of the Heavenly Dao Walker realm,&nbsp; there is still a significant gap between them.&nbsp; At the 3-minute mark, Keynes was also&nbsp; knocked unconscious by Ares's whip kick.&nbsp; Jeffers looked on in disbelief at the&nbsp; sight of his side's complete defeat.&nbsp; Just minutes ago, he was full of passion,&nbsp; pontificating and writing eloquently, but now he&nbsp;&nbsp; found himself in the same predicament as Rivers. Can't we get this slap in the face even faster?!&nbsp; Jeffers looked around, seeing his men&nbsp; either unconscious or groaning in pain…&nbsp; Then he turned around and saw Xiao Qiang&nbsp; staring at him with a playful smile.&nbsp; Jeffers rushed to Xiao Qiang, knelt down, and&nbsp; immediately took out a pill to give to him.&nbsp; "My dear Xiao, we're friends. This is&nbsp; the antidote. You have to save me..."&nbsp; "Yes, friends who kick you&nbsp; when you've used your tools..."&nbsp; "My dear Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; please save me, I can give you a lot of money..." "You gave me enough pocket money before,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can't spend it all... You can&nbsp; keep that money for yourself..."&nbsp; if you don't save me, you can't leave either.&nbsp; We're bound together by life and death..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang: "NO, NO, NO, you might&nbsp; die, but I definitely won't..."&nbsp; With that, Xiao Qiang pushed away Jeffers' hand&nbsp; holding the antidote and walked out the door,&nbsp;&nbsp; leaving everyone dumbfounded. Aren't you being incredibly&nbsp;&nbsp; disrespectful? If you're going to leave,&nbsp; shouldn't you at least say goodbye first?&nbsp; Rivers gave a signal, and Ares, the God&nbsp; of War, leaped into the air, his powerful&nbsp;&nbsp; iron fist about to smash into Xiao Gou's back. If this hits solid, Xiao Qiang will surely die! Chapter 187 The Ultimate Twist Xiao Qiang immediately sensed&nbsp;&nbsp; the force of the punch, which carried the&nbsp; power of certain death, and slowed down.&nbsp; Ares's face contorted with rage, as if he could&nbsp; already see his iron fist striking his opponent&nbsp;&nbsp; in the back, causing the opponent's heart&nbsp; to burst and blood to spurt from the mouth.&nbsp; But the next second, Xiao Qiang turned around&nbsp; and threw a punch on the spot, seemingly hastily&nbsp;&nbsp; meeting Ares's iron fist containing immense power. But what happened next was completely unexpected!&nbsp; It should be noted that Xiao Qiang had been&nbsp; drugged by Jeffers, which restricted his martial&nbsp;&nbsp; arts skills, and he was forced to fight hastily. However, the scene that everyone had expected—Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang being knocked away and&nbsp; spitting blood—did not occur.&nbsp; But then they saw Ares, the God of War who had&nbsp; launched the surprise attack, being punched&nbsp;&nbsp; and sent flying backwards. He even knocked down a&nbsp; number of the twenty-four divine guards behind him&nbsp;&nbsp; before his momentum finally dissipated. Ares struggled to sit up,&nbsp;&nbsp; coughing up a mouthful of blood. That punch just now fractured one of Ares's arms,&nbsp;&nbsp; severely damaged his heart and lungs, and reduced&nbsp; his terrifying combat power by eighty percent.&nbsp; Rivers stared as if he'd&nbsp; seen a ghost at everything&nbsp;&nbsp; that had just happened in the blink of an eye. Even Ares, the god of war, was no match for him,&nbsp;&nbsp; so what could Hades, the god of the underworld,&nbsp; do? Those twenty-four divine guards... weren't&nbsp;&nbsp; they even just there to make up the numbers? At this moment, Rivers truly panicked...&nbsp; Even with their strongest trump card&nbsp; used, this is still the result...&nbsp; Jeffers' mood took a dramatic turn for&nbsp; the worse. Just now, his own forces had&nbsp;&nbsp; been routed by the two Celestials, but now,&nbsp; the enemy's peak combat power couldn't even&nbsp;&nbsp; withstand a single move from Xiao Qiang... He couldn't afford to think about the&nbsp;&nbsp; mind-boggling question of why Xiao&nbsp; Qiang's fighting power had returned&nbsp;&nbsp; even though he hadn't accepted his antidote. At this point, he could only place his hopes&nbsp;&nbsp; on Xiao Qiang, so he disregarded the dignity&nbsp; of a Rothschild family scion and went to great&nbsp;&nbsp; lengths to lick Xiao Qiang's boots and&nbsp; try to persuade him to change his mind.&nbsp; But aside from receiving Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; sarcastic remarks, he gained nothing.&nbsp; "Rivers, don't worry, you can do whatever you&nbsp; want from now on, I absolutely won't interfere..."&nbsp; I'll just stand by and watch quietly..." Rivers felt that happiness had come&nbsp;&nbsp; too suddenly. To avoid any unforeseen&nbsp; complications, he nodded to Hades beside him,&nbsp;&nbsp; which was tantamount to issuing a kill order. At this moment, Jeffers completely broke down,&nbsp;&nbsp; and hurriedly said with snot and tears streaming&nbsp; down his face, "Big brother, you can't kill me!&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm your own brother! I know I was wrong... I'll&nbsp; never compete with you for the position of family&nbsp;&nbsp; head again... Please let me go..." The voice was mournful and desolate,&nbsp;&nbsp; vividly portraying the scene of&nbsp; the victor and the vanquished.&nbsp; At this moment, Hades' deep voice rang out,&nbsp; "Rivers, there is an old Chinese saying,&nbsp;&nbsp; 'If you don't kill the snake, you&nbsp; will suffer the consequences.'"&nbsp; Rivers, who had just been somewhat&nbsp; tempted, changed his expression slightly,&nbsp;&nbsp; glanced at Jeffers kneeling on the ground,&nbsp; sighed, and then turned his head away.&nbsp; Jeffers felt utterly desolate as he&nbsp; watched his brother make his decision.&nbsp; But just as Hades was about to step forward... A majestic voice rang out, "Pluto, Ares, have&nbsp;&nbsp; you considered the consequences of interfering in&nbsp; the internal affairs of the Rothschild family?"&nbsp; Almost everyone present immediately looked towards&nbsp; the entrance, where Ariana and Alice were pushing&nbsp;&nbsp; a wheelchair in. Sitting in the wheelchair&nbsp; was none other than the "deceased" head of&nbsp;&nbsp; the family, Maye. "dad???"&nbsp; “Patriarch Meyer…” The people present at this&nbsp; moment reacted in countless ways:&nbsp;&nbsp; some were surprised, some were delighted, and&nbsp; even more... were filled with fear and dread...&nbsp; Ariana and Alice pushed Maye into the&nbsp; courtyard. Maye's somewhat aged but&nbsp;&nbsp; piercing eyes swept over Jeffers and Rivers. "Aren't you surprised? Aren't you all thinking,&nbsp;&nbsp; 'He's already been laid to rest,&nbsp; so how did he end up here again?'"&nbsp; Seeing the two of them staring at each other with&nbsp; wide, bewildered expressions, Maye continued:&nbsp; "Eldest son, second son,&nbsp; you are truly my good sons."&nbsp; "In order to seize the throne of the family, you&nbsp; two brothers conspired to poison your father."&nbsp; By this time, Rivers' courtyard was packed with&nbsp; Rothschild family members, and most of the elders&nbsp;&nbsp; had also come to the courtyard, including the&nbsp; three elders who had been detained by Jeffers.&nbsp; Mayer's words immediately stirred&nbsp; up a huge wave of controversy.&nbsp; "What? The two brothers&nbsp; want to harm the patriarch?"&nbsp; A buzz of discussion broke out among the crowd.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang listened quietly, knowing that the&nbsp; Luo family's story must be very interesting.&nbsp; "Second brother, I know you are&nbsp; very capable. To be honest, I once&nbsp;&nbsp; considered making you the head of the family." But you are too ruthless; you actually harbored&nbsp;&nbsp; murderous intentions towards your own brother. This is something I cannot tolerate!&nbsp; So I directly announced the dying&nbsp; wish to establish the eldest son&nbsp;&nbsp; as the head of the family. I never imagined you would&nbsp;&nbsp; hold a grudge against your own father&nbsp; because of this, and even poison him…”&nbsp; Jeffers' face was gloomy at this moment. "That's all because of your favoritism.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you had made me the head of the family&nbsp; from the beginning, would I have fought&nbsp;&nbsp; Rivers so fiercely? Besides, don't you enjoy our&nbsp; infighting? In the end, you caused all of this..."&nbsp; Mayer sighed, "Yes, allowing you&nbsp; brothers to fight amongst yourselves&nbsp;&nbsp; was the biggest mistake I ever made..." After her lament, Maye continued her story.&nbsp; "Fortunately, the doctor arrived&nbsp; in time. Your medicine didn't kill&nbsp;&nbsp; me immediately, but it did leave me bedridden." Because the medication you used was a colorless,&nbsp;&nbsp; odorless, and volatile liquid, after the doctor's&nbsp; examination yielded no results, I simply assumed&nbsp;&nbsp; that there was something wrong with my own body. At this point, Mayer revealed a&nbsp;&nbsp; self-deprecating expression. Then he turned his gaze to Rivers.&nbsp; "Eldest brother, after I made you the head&nbsp; of the family, you were completely driven&nbsp;&nbsp; to the dark side by the aggressive second&nbsp; brother. In order to prevent your brother&nbsp;&nbsp; from threatening your life, you secretly made&nbsp; contact with people in the Western underworld."&nbsp; After I warned you several times, you&nbsp; actually held a grudge against me,&nbsp;&nbsp; saying that I was biased towards your brother. You're even crueler. While I was fast asleep,&nbsp;&nbsp; you forced me to drink the&nbsp; "Netherworld-Binding Liquid," leaving&nbsp;&nbsp; me conscious but unable to speak or wake up... "They can only slowly wait for their organs&nbsp;&nbsp; to fail and they will die..." As soon as Maye finished speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone turned to Rivers with incredulous eyes. Because everyone had previously suspected that&nbsp;&nbsp; Maye's sudden illness was caused by Jeffers, since&nbsp; Jeffers was the only one with the most motive.&nbsp; But after Mayer revealed the answer, it turned out&nbsp; that the person who almost killed him was Rivers.&nbsp; Ignoring the astonished and puzzled looks from&nbsp; the crowd, Maye continued, staring at Rivers.&nbsp; "That night, you told me that the bottle of&nbsp; Netherworld-Sealing Liquid wouldn't kill me&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately, and that I should witness firsthand&nbsp; how you thwarted the second brother's conspiracy.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now I've seen it. Is this&nbsp; the result you wanted...?"&nbsp; A lose-lose situation? Do you consider yourself successful?&nbsp; Rivers suddenly abandoned his earlier&nbsp; timidity, and said with a crazed air,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Who says I didn't succeed? I still&nbsp; have Hades, the god of the underworld,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the Twenty-Four Guardians. So what if you come&nbsp; back? You're already in a wheelchair. What can you&nbsp;&nbsp; change... Hahaha... I'll kill you all, and I'll&nbsp; still be the head of the Rothschild family..." Chapter 188 Dragon Knight Guard Rivers had entered a state of&nbsp;&nbsp; madness. Since his past misdeeds had already&nbsp; been exposed, he had nothing left to hide.&nbsp; "Hades, you lead all twenty-four guards and&nbsp; kill them. I will immediately cash out 10%&nbsp;&nbsp; of the shares in all companies&nbsp; under the Rothschild family."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, right? As long as you don't&nbsp; get involved in our family affairs,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll give you 10% of the shares once&nbsp; I become the head of the family.&nbsp; That's worth 5 trillion US dollars. It turns out that Rivers used the&nbsp;&nbsp; sale of family assets as bait to lure the two&nbsp; celestial beings to the island in the middle&nbsp;&nbsp; of the lake to act as his high-level henchmen&nbsp; in order to seize the position of family head.&nbsp; Rivers had also witnessed firsthand the&nbsp; shocking scene of Xiao Qiang defeating Ares,&nbsp;&nbsp; the God of War, in one move. Therefore, in his&nbsp; eyes, as long as Xiao Qiang did not make a move,&nbsp;&nbsp; Hades, the King of the Underworld, and the&nbsp; twenty-four guardians of the two Gods of War&nbsp;&nbsp; were enough to control the entire situation. After hearing Rivers' words, Maye was so angry&nbsp;&nbsp; that she almost couldn't catch her breath. "You unfilial son, you unfilial son... Not&nbsp;&nbsp; only do you want to kill your father and brother,&nbsp; but you also want to slaughter your relatives? Do&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to wipe out the Rothschild family line?" You actually want to generously give away the&nbsp;&nbsp; Rothschild family's centuries-old fortune to&nbsp; others? You really are... you really are the&nbsp;&nbsp; world's number one spendthrift... Maye, whose body was still weak,&nbsp;&nbsp; was enraged by her two sons' rebellious&nbsp; behavior and began to cough violently.&nbsp; At this point, Rivers was unwilling to&nbsp; explain anything further and immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; urged, "Mr. Hades, let's get started..." Hades' expression hardened, his aura surged,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he burst forth in the next second. At this critical moment, another black figure shot&nbsp;&nbsp; out from behind Maye and collided fiercely with&nbsp; Hades, the god of the underworld, in an instant.&nbsp; The two men in black exchanged dozens of blows in&nbsp; the blink of an eye. The sounds of fists hitting&nbsp;&nbsp; flesh and black cloaks tearing through the air&nbsp; were deafening. A few breaths later, with a loud&nbsp;&nbsp; bang, the two men were sent flying backward. Hades, the god of the underworld, took ten&nbsp;&nbsp; steps back before regaining his footing, while the&nbsp; black-clad man who flew out from behind Maye only&nbsp;&nbsp; took seven or eight steps back before stopping. Although the two are roughly equal in strength,&nbsp;&nbsp; there is no first place in literature but no&nbsp; second place in martial arts, and Hades, the god&nbsp;&nbsp; of the underworld, is clearly slightly inferior. This was something Rivers simply couldn't accept.&nbsp;&nbsp; One man in black was enough to suppress&nbsp; Hades, the god of the underworld. Right now,&nbsp;&nbsp; there were two rows of men in black standing&nbsp; behind Meyer, a total of 20 men in black.&nbsp; The one who just repelled&nbsp; Hades was only one of them.&nbsp; After regaining his footing, Hades stared in&nbsp; astonishment at the man in black returning to the&nbsp;&nbsp; group, his mind racing with a thousand thoughts. When did intermediate-level Heavenly Dao&nbsp;&nbsp; cultivators become so worthless? Jeffers and Rivers alike stared in&nbsp;&nbsp; shock at the group of men in black standing behind&nbsp; their fathers, both pondering the same question.&nbsp; Where the hell did these guys come from? Meyer seemed to see through their thoughts,&nbsp;&nbsp; "In your eyes, the patriarch's personal&nbsp; guard is probably a very strong force."&nbsp; Actually, that's not the case. The Rothschild&nbsp; family has been influential around the world&nbsp;&nbsp; for hundreds of years, with a profound&nbsp; history that no one can fully comprehend.&nbsp; The patriarch's personal guard is merely the&nbsp; visible armed force; the true force that has&nbsp;&nbsp; protected this family from being divided and&nbsp; disintegrated by external forces for centuries&nbsp;&nbsp; is the "Dragon Knight Guard" behind me. Everyone was shocked; almost everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; was hearing about the concept of the&nbsp; Dragon Knight Guard for the first time.&nbsp; "The Dragon Knight Guard is only under the command&nbsp; of the current head of the family. Therefore,&nbsp;&nbsp; when each head of the family knows&nbsp; that his life is coming to an end,&nbsp;&nbsp; he will personally hand over the Dragon&nbsp; Knight Guard's token to his successor."&nbsp; The one who just made the move was merely a&nbsp; low- to mid-ranking samurai in the squad…”&nbsp; The crowd exclaimed in surprise again, "Is&nbsp; this Dragon Knight Guard really that powerful?"&nbsp; Even a mid-to-low-ranking samurai can suppress&nbsp; the most powerful god in the Western dark world?&nbsp; "So, boss... just surrender...&nbsp; you have no chance..."&nbsp; Maye spoke the most powerful words in&nbsp; the gentlest tone from her wheelchair.&nbsp; "Haha...haha...surrender?" You taught us from a young age that&nbsp;&nbsp; men of the Rothschild family must be responsible. I killed my father to sell the goods; according&nbsp;&nbsp; to family law… Seeing his boss suddenly lose all his&nbsp; energy, Mayer became momentarily stunned.&nbsp;&nbsp; Something flashed through his mind, and&nbsp; he immediately shouted, "Stop him..."&nbsp; Just as the dragon knight guard member was about&nbsp; to leap forward, Rivers had already plunged&nbsp;&nbsp; the blade in his hand into his own heart... Then Rivers coughed up a mouthful of blood,&nbsp;&nbsp; but his face showed endless relief and liberation,&nbsp; as if death... was a kind of release...&nbsp; To Mayer, the smile on his face&nbsp; seemed more like a silent mockery…&nbsp; If he hadn't indulged his two&nbsp; sons in their constant fighting,&nbsp;&nbsp; would the ending have been so tragic? Seeing his son gushing blood, Mayer no longer felt&nbsp;&nbsp; hatred. He couldn't help but recall the times when&nbsp; he and Rivers were little, playing affectionately&nbsp;&nbsp; together, lifting him up high... But why is it like this now?&nbsp; Maye suddenly began to struggle, trying to&nbsp; get up from his wheelchair, while looking&nbsp;&nbsp; in Xiao Qiang's direction. As he shakily stood&nbsp; up, he suddenly knelt down in front of Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; pleading, "Xiao, you can bring me back to&nbsp; life, please, save Rivers... save him..."&nbsp; Having witnessed everything, Xiao Qiang saw&nbsp; firsthand the unpredictable nature of human&nbsp;&nbsp; nature corrupted by power and desire, and the&nbsp; unwavering love of parents for their children.&nbsp; "Maye, are you sure?" Seeing Xiao Qiang's questioning gaze,&nbsp;&nbsp; Mayer understood the doubts in his heart,&nbsp; but he still nodded without hesitation.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang approached Rivers to prevent him&nbsp; from stopping him from providing assistance.&nbsp;&nbsp; He knocked Rivers unconscious with a karate chop,&nbsp; then struck twelve acupoints around Rivers' heart.&nbsp;&nbsp; He then took out a bottle of powder from his&nbsp; person and sprinkled it on Rivers' wounds.&nbsp; Before setting off from China, to guard against&nbsp; any unexpected events, he specially borrowed&nbsp;&nbsp; a bottle of wound medicine from Li Shizhen,&nbsp; which unexpectedly came in handy at this time.&nbsp; After Xiao Qiang's actions,&nbsp; Rivers' mouth stopped bleeding.&nbsp; "Alright, take him back and he should&nbsp; be fine after some rest. He's lucky;&nbsp;&nbsp; the blade didn't pierce his heart.&nbsp; He just needs some time to recover."&nbsp; Meyer was in tears, seemingly deeply&nbsp; affected by the events of the day,&nbsp;&nbsp; which aged him considerably in an instant. He arranged for the Dragon Knights to carry&nbsp;&nbsp; Rivers inside, and the family's medical&nbsp; team quickly joined in the treatment.&nbsp; Mayer looked at Ares, the God of War,&nbsp; and Hades, the King of the Underworld,&nbsp;&nbsp; who were seriously injured by Xiao Qiang, with&nbsp; a cold expression. "Since you have attempted&nbsp;&nbsp; to divide up the Rothschild family and set&nbsp; foot on my island in the middle of the lake,&nbsp;&nbsp; you should be prepared to pay any price." He then beckoned to the remaining dragon knight&nbsp;&nbsp; guards, "Break their arms and legs and throw&nbsp; them off the island in the middle of the lake."&nbsp; His voice was low and indifferent, as if&nbsp; he were talking about something trivial. Chapter 189 I Want to Be Your Girlfriend Hades, the god of the underworld,&nbsp;&nbsp; tried to struggle and engaged in a fierce battle&nbsp; with the members of the Dragon Knights Guard,&nbsp;&nbsp; but unfortunately, even the weakest&nbsp; member of the guard was stronger than him.&nbsp; The misfortune of having his hands and feet&nbsp; broken was inevitable. Ares, the God of War,&nbsp;&nbsp; was already severely injured and had no&nbsp; power to resist. As for the twenty-four&nbsp;&nbsp; divine guards of the two families, they&nbsp; were no match for the Dragon Knight Guard.&nbsp; After eliminating the external enemies,&nbsp; Maye turned her gaze to her second son,&nbsp;&nbsp; Jeffers, once again. "Detain him, and we'll&nbsp;&nbsp; settle accounts with him later!" Maye was exhausted, both physically&nbsp;&nbsp; and mentally, and no longer wanted&nbsp; to waste her energy on this son.&nbsp; Jeffers's subordinate Joseph, along with the&nbsp; entire Household Guard, were taken away and&nbsp;&nbsp; imprisoned. Half an hour later. Inside the magnificent, palatial castle of Meyena.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, if it weren't for your timely rescue,&nbsp; the consequences would have been unimaginable..."&nbsp; It turned out that Xiao Qiang had&nbsp;&nbsp; used top-grade Chinese medicinal herbs he bought&nbsp; from the Koreans that night to make two pills.&nbsp; Ariana placed the two pills into Maye's palm&nbsp; while she was crying and holding his hand.&nbsp; Both medicines melt when&nbsp; heated and penetrate the skin.&nbsp; One of the drugs could quickly induce a&nbsp; state of suspended animation in Mayer,&nbsp;&nbsp; where her heartbeat would be almost&nbsp; imperceptible and could not even be&nbsp;&nbsp; detected by electronic instruments. The other one, once inside the body,&nbsp;&nbsp; can maintain bodily functions and&nbsp; prepare for subsequent rescue efforts.&nbsp; This explains why, after the four siblings visited&nbsp; Maye together in the morning, Maye's heart stopped&nbsp;&nbsp; beating that evening, and she was pronounced dead. After Maye's burial, Xiao Qiang, Yue Fei,&nbsp;&nbsp; and others sneaked into the Luo family cemetery&nbsp; overnight and, under the cover of heavy snow,&nbsp;&nbsp; brought Maye to Xiao Qiang's villa. Then, they worked through the night to&nbsp;&nbsp; diagnose Mayer, prepare medication,&nbsp; and administer detoxification...&nbsp; That's how we achieved&nbsp; today's incredible comeback.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang didn't stand on ceremony.&nbsp; "Maye, if you want to thank someone,&nbsp;&nbsp; thank your good daughter Ariana. I was moved&nbsp; by her deep father-daughter bond, which is why&nbsp;&nbsp; I agreed to help... Otherwise, I wouldn't bother&nbsp; with your Rothschild family's petty affairs..."&nbsp; Maye was naturally aware of&nbsp; this, but at this moment she&nbsp;&nbsp; still looked kindly at Ariana beside her. "Mr. Xiao, after all, it was you who saved me,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I will definitely repay this kindness." Tell me, what kind of reward do you want?&nbsp; Mayer has a typical Jewish mindset: there's no&nbsp; such thing as a free lunch, and the more free&nbsp;&nbsp; something is, the more expensive it is… Xiao Qiang shrugged. "Really, no need.&nbsp;&nbsp; Ariana has already promised me payment,&nbsp; hasn't she, beautiful Ms. Ariana…?"&nbsp; Ariana never expected that the focus of&nbsp; attention would shift to her so quickly.&nbsp; Thinking of the payment she had promised Xiao&nbsp; Qiang that night, Ariana blushed and stammered,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Dad, you don't need to worry about&nbsp; this, I'll handle it... We're friends..."&nbsp; Mayer glanced meaningfully at her beloved&nbsp; daughter with her piercing gaze. "Alright,&nbsp;&nbsp; I won't interfere in your young people's&nbsp; affairs. But Mr. Xiao, I can make you a&nbsp;&nbsp; promise: if you encounter any difficulties&nbsp; or problems in the future that require the&nbsp;&nbsp; Rothschild family's help, just let me know." "I, Meyer, will definitely go and help out!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded, "Then&nbsp; thank you, Patriarch Meyer..."&nbsp; It was just noon, and Mayer treated Xiao Qiang&nbsp; and his group to the highest level of hospitality.&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, I heard from my daughter that&nbsp; you started a pharmaceutical company and&nbsp;&nbsp; successfully developed an anti-cancer drug,&nbsp; which now monopolizes the global market..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang smiled calmly, "It's&nbsp; nothing compared to the legendary&nbsp;&nbsp; 50 trillion assets of your Luo family. It's&nbsp; insignificant, utterly insignificant..."&nbsp; "Haha, to be able to build a business worth&nbsp; trillions at this age and still be so humble,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's quite impressive." Ariana, on behalf of your father,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'd like to offer a toast to Mr. Xiao. I hope we&nbsp; can get to know each other better in the future.&nbsp; Ariana immediately stood up, her eyes shining as&nbsp; she looked at Xiao Qiang. Holding her wine glass,&nbsp;&nbsp; her face flushed, she approached&nbsp; him. "Xiao Qiang, let me toast&nbsp;&nbsp; you. Thank you for saving my father..." As she spoke, she downed a full glass of&nbsp;&nbsp; wine in one gulp. Whether it was the alcohol&nbsp; or her excitement, her face was flushed,&nbsp;&nbsp; which made Xiao Qiang feel intoxicated. Xiao Qiang smiled slightly at the other person&nbsp;&nbsp; and poured the wine in his glass into his mouth. At this moment, Maye's youngest daughter,&nbsp;&nbsp; 18-year-old Alice, also picked up her wine glass&nbsp; and walked up to Xiao Qiang, looking mischievous.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Brother Xiao Qiang, I also want to toast you.&nbsp; You're so handsome! Can I be your girlfriend...?"&nbsp; "Ahem~" "Pfft~"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Ariana were both sprayed dry. "Alice, don't be rude, come back right now..."&nbsp; Maye was speechless; this little girl was&nbsp; still doing whatever she wanted, as always.&nbsp; But what kind of occasion is this? How can you treat your family's&nbsp;&nbsp; benefactor so frivolously! Meanwhile, Ariana was thinking,&nbsp;&nbsp; "If I sleep with Xiao Qiang and my sister&nbsp; becomes his girlfriend, what would that mean?"&nbsp; Two women serving one husband? Just as Ariana was in a state&nbsp;&nbsp; of confusion, her sister Alice spoke up again. "Dad, what's wrong? I'm 18 years old, it's normal&nbsp;&nbsp; to have a boyfriend... Anyway, I don't care,&nbsp; I'm determined to pursue Brother Xiao Qiang."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked at the three members of the&nbsp; Luo family with an embarrassed expression.&nbsp; It has&nbsp;&nbsp; to be said that the two daughters of the&nbsp; Luo family are quite different in style.&nbsp; Ariana is a mature woman with a&nbsp; highly contrasting personality,&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes aloof and sometimes passionate,&nbsp; her innocence mixed with sexiness and charm.&nbsp; Alice, on the other hand, has a&nbsp; straightforward personality and&nbsp;&nbsp; is passionate and decisive in love and hate. However, the two share one thing in common:&nbsp;&nbsp; they both inherited excellent genes from their&nbsp; families; the man is strikingly handsome,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the woman is stunningly beautiful. Like her sister Ariana, 18-year-old&nbsp;&nbsp; Alice is 177 cm tall, a true model's figure. Where it should grow flesh, it grows without&nbsp;&nbsp; hesitation; where it shouldn't grow&nbsp; flesh, it doesn't grow an ounce more.&nbsp; One is a bud about to bloom,&nbsp; the other is beautifully ripe.&nbsp; The meal lasted from 1 p.m. until 3 p.m.&nbsp; before Xiao Qiang was finally sent back to&nbsp;&nbsp; the villa by Lao Luo's men. Last night, Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; who had been up all night trying to save&nbsp; Maye, simply went to catch up on sleep.&nbsp; in Ariana's room at the Lake Island Manor. She recalled the scenes from the past two&nbsp;&nbsp; days since she met Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; her mind filled with his image.&nbsp; Sometimes unrestrained and lewd, sometimes&nbsp; completely serious; good-looking and intelligent,&nbsp;&nbsp; with a body that, while not particularly&nbsp; muscular, possesses devastating power...&nbsp; And all of this seems to perfectly match&nbsp; Ariana's ideal criteria for choosing a partner,&nbsp;&nbsp; except that he is much younger than her,&nbsp; everything seems to be an arrangement of fate.&nbsp; However, she thought again that although&nbsp; she was older, she was fair-skinned and&nbsp;&nbsp; beautiful, no less so than her younger&nbsp; sister, and she was still a virgin.&nbsp; Although Xiao Qiang is young, he is mature and&nbsp; steady in every way. Isn't it said that Chinese&nbsp;&nbsp; men are very loving towards their wives? Ariana was truly tempted!&nbsp; "Didn't he say he wanted me to repay him with my&nbsp; body? Why hasn't he mentioned it again since that&nbsp;&nbsp; day? He's going back to China tomorrow..." When will we meet again? ..."&nbsp; Thinking of this, Ariana couldn't sit still any&nbsp; longer and took out her phone to make a call. Chapter 190 A woman dresses up for her lover Xiao Qiang squinted as he answered the phone,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hello, Ariana, what's up..." Ariana took a deep breath on the other end of&nbsp;&nbsp; the phone to calm her slightly nervous emotions. "Xiao...Qiang, aren't you going to stay in&nbsp;&nbsp; Trainken a few more days?" Xiao Qiang yawned. "No,&nbsp;&nbsp; I still have a lot of things to take care of&nbsp; in China... What, you don't want me to leave?"&nbsp; Hearing Xiao Qiang's somewhat cynical tone, Ariana&nbsp; would have definitely denied it in the past,&nbsp;&nbsp; but at this moment, her heart was pounding wildly. "Yes, I want you to stay..."&nbsp; After saying that, Ariana clenched her hands&nbsp; tightly, her heart pounding even faster. She&nbsp;&nbsp; kept thinking, "Was this a confession?&nbsp; What will he say? What if I reject him?"&nbsp; Ariana's emotions were like a&nbsp; raging sea, fluctuating wildly,&nbsp;&nbsp; while Xiao Qiang, as if struck by a violent&nbsp; blow, instantly snapped back to reality.&nbsp; What does it mean that you want me to stay...? Xiao Qiang is neither a saint nor a paragon of&nbsp;&nbsp; virtue. The reason he didn't mention "offering&nbsp; himself in return" to Ariana is because he&nbsp;&nbsp; never intended to use such coercive means to&nbsp; obtain the beauty from the very beginning.&nbsp; He said that Ariana should give herself&nbsp; to him as a gift, but it was just a joke.&nbsp; He was willing to help rescue Mayer&nbsp; only because he saw the huge return&nbsp;&nbsp; on investment that would follow. And today, he has finally received&nbsp;&nbsp; Mayer's promise. This truly shows&nbsp; that a promise is worth a fortune.&nbsp; Although Xiao Qiang is strong, he is not&nbsp; arrogant enough to think he is the best in&nbsp;&nbsp; the world. He will be going to make&nbsp; his way in the world in the future,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he will inevitably have to deal&nbsp; with such a prestigious family.&nbsp; I became wealthy too late, and&nbsp; my foundation is still too weak.&nbsp; We've gone off on a tangent,&nbsp; let's get back to the main topic!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's brain started&nbsp; working at lightning speed.&nbsp; "Sister Ariana, what do you want me&nbsp; to do with this? Offer myself to you?"&nbsp; Ariana blushed even more, but&nbsp; still firmly replied, "Yes!"&nbsp; Although her "hmm" was barely audible! However, Xiao Qiang's main point was that&nbsp;&nbsp; all his organs were functioning well.&nbsp; Upon hearing the other party's reply,&nbsp;&nbsp; he seemed to have taken a stimulant, and he jumped&nbsp; out of bed and started dancing around excitedly.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, what's wrong on your end...?" "Ah! It's nothing, I'm just catching mice..."&nbsp; Ariana was filled with suspicion, but didn't&nbsp; know what else to say; she had already made&nbsp;&nbsp; herself perfectly clear. She couldn't very well&nbsp; ask, "Xiao Qiang, I agree to repay your kindness&nbsp;&nbsp; with my body, what's your opinion?" "Ariana, shall we go outside?"&nbsp; Hearing Xiao Qiang's words, Ariana's expression&nbsp; brightened with surprise. "Then let's go to the&nbsp;&nbsp; St. Moritz Hotel. It's one of my properties,&nbsp; and there's a presidential suite that's&nbsp;&nbsp; exclusively mine... Let's go there..." Ariana's voice grew softer and softer,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the softer it became, the&nbsp; more Xiao Qiang's mind wandered.&nbsp; After hanging up the phone, Ariana suppressed&nbsp; her excitement and a hint of anticipation.&nbsp;&nbsp; She tried on several outfits before finally&nbsp; choosing one that perfectly complemented&nbsp;&nbsp; her model-like figure. After applying exquisite&nbsp; makeup, she headed towards the St. Moritz Hotel.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang simply washed his face and&nbsp; headed towards the hotel, which was only&nbsp;&nbsp; 2 kilometers away from where he was staying. When Xiao Qiang arrived at the hotel lobby,&nbsp;&nbsp; he was truly impressed by the&nbsp; magnificence of this seven-star hotel.&nbsp; Upon seeing someone enter, a beautiful lobby&nbsp; manager immediately stepped forward and asked,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hello sir, are you here to check into the hotel?" Although Xiao Qiang's attire didn't seem to fit&nbsp;&nbsp; the hotel's target clientele at first&nbsp; glance, the beautiful lobby manager&nbsp;&nbsp; asked him questions with great patience&nbsp; and didn't show the slightest contempt.&nbsp; This pleased Xiao Qiang greatly. "Yes, I'm looking for Ariana!"&nbsp; Upon hearing this, the lobby manager exclaimed&nbsp; in surprise, "Are you Mr. Xiao Qiang?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded. "That's right." The beautiful lobby manager looked&nbsp;&nbsp; at Xiao Qiang, who was somewhat handsome but&nbsp; showed no signs of being from a wealthy family,&nbsp;&nbsp; and couldn't hide her shock. He was the first and only man to&nbsp;&nbsp; have the privilege of entering the president's&nbsp; room. What kind of relationship do they have?&nbsp; Could it be that the CEO is having&nbsp; romantic feelings and is having an affair&nbsp;&nbsp; with a gigolo? But he doesn't look very strong! Can I handle a CEO who is fair-skinned, beautiful,&nbsp;&nbsp; long-legged, slim-waisted, and has a large bust? Or does he have some special ability?&nbsp;&nbsp; Like his tongue...? Xiao Qiang had no idea&nbsp;&nbsp; that this beautiful young woman was thinking&nbsp; such filthy things; otherwise, he would have&nbsp;&nbsp; been so angry that he would have shown her on&nbsp; the spot just how magnificent her "tool" was...&nbsp; While indulging in her fantasies, the young&nbsp; lady didn't abandon her exceptionally high&nbsp;&nbsp; level of professionalism. "Then please follow me,&nbsp;&nbsp; President Ariana has already gone upstairs!" Led by the lobby manager, Xiao Qiang arrived&nbsp;&nbsp; at the presidential suite. Xiao Qiang rang the doorbell,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Ariana immediately went to open the door. The two looked at each other, their eyes revealing&nbsp;&nbsp; a hint of anticipation and joy. Wow, Ariana looks so sexy today!&nbsp; As he spoke, Xiao Qiang made no attempt&nbsp; to conceal his gaze as he carefully&nbsp;&nbsp; observed the other person from head to toe. Xiao Qiang's actions filled Ariana with joy;&nbsp;&nbsp; perhaps this is the meaning of a woman&nbsp; dressing up for the one she loves.&nbsp; Ariana gracefully brushed a strand of hair from&nbsp; her forehead, making Xiao Qiang's heart tremble.&nbsp; "Come in quickly, Xiaoqiang!" After entering, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; toured the room casually under Ariana's&nbsp; guidance and was immediately awestruck&nbsp;&nbsp; by its magnificent scale. It was like a&nbsp; luxury villa built on the roof of a hotel!&nbsp; "Wow, your room is so luxurious! It's&nbsp; so big, doesn't your voice echo? And&nbsp;&nbsp; this bed, it's huge..." Xiao Qiang's attention&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately shifted to the bed. Judging by its size, this bed must&nbsp;&nbsp; be about 20 square meters. The space is really...&nbsp; enough for four people to play cards together .&nbsp; Ariana smiled and replied, "It's alright. I&nbsp; come here to rest when I want to be alone."&nbsp; The two sat on the soft sofa in the living&nbsp; room, and after this simple opening,&nbsp;&nbsp; the room fell into an eerie silence. Ariana managed to suppress her racing heart&nbsp;&nbsp; and utter those ambiguous words over the phone. But now, upon seeing Xiao Qiang, she no longer&nbsp;&nbsp; possessed the aura of a domineering female CEO,&nbsp; nor did she have the ease and comfort she felt&nbsp;&nbsp; when teasing Xiao Qiang at the bar that day. At this moment, Ariana was like a beautiful&nbsp;&nbsp; flower waiting to be picked,&nbsp; full of anticipation yet unease.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang couldn't stand the absolute silence. “Ariana, actually, when I said at the bar that&nbsp;&nbsp; day that I wanted you to repay me&nbsp; with your body, I was just joking.”&nbsp; You should have seen from our time together&nbsp; these past two days that I'm not that kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of despicable person. I would never use mutual&nbsp; affection as a bargaining chip to coerce you… Chapter 191 Ariana's Heart Ariana was taken aback; she didn't understand&nbsp;&nbsp; what Xiao Qiang meant by those words. Is this a form of self-rejection?&nbsp; Or something else... Seeing the other&nbsp;&nbsp; person's questioning look, Xiao Qiang continued, "What I mean is, if you're only going to have that&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of relationship with me to fulfill a promise&nbsp; you made that day, then you don't have to."&nbsp; I, Xiao Qiang, am not attracted by&nbsp; beauty... no, not attracted by profit... I,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, am happy to help others and&nbsp; am charitable, which is why I helped you.&nbsp; Don't feel guilty. Ariana understood now, and looked at&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang with a complicated expression. What a jerk! What a jerk!&nbsp; The delicious food is right in front&nbsp; of you, but you're not going to eat it?&nbsp; That won't do. We can't give up even the best food!&nbsp; Ariana took a deep breath, as&nbsp; if she had made a decision.&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, I didn't give myself&nbsp; to you because of that promise."&nbsp; I am...I am...I really like you.&nbsp; I like your domineering nature,&nbsp;&nbsp; your humor, and the aura of strength you&nbsp; exude...I am willing to be your woman..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang sighed inwardly. That damn aura!&nbsp; How many more beautiful women&nbsp; will be unable to resist you?&nbsp; After Ariana finished speaking, her&nbsp; face flushed with embarrassment,&nbsp;&nbsp; but this time she did not lower her head to avoid&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's gaze. Instead, she pretended to be&nbsp;&nbsp; calm and met Xiao Qiang's burning eyes directly. In an instant, sparks flew between their eyes,&nbsp;&nbsp; creating an almost irresistible attraction... Under this force, the two of them sat&nbsp;&nbsp; down together involuntarily. Xiao Qiang's heart was pure, but&nbsp;&nbsp; his body betrayed him; his large hands trembled as&nbsp; he placed them on the other person's shoulders...&nbsp; When emotions run deep,&nbsp; everything happens naturally.&nbsp; To Xiao Qiang's utter surprise, Ariana still&nbsp; managed to get first blood, which made Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang exclaim that he had struck gold! What surprised Xiao Qiang even more&nbsp;&nbsp; was that Ariana actually had the&nbsp; potential to be a worthy opponent.&nbsp; Meanwhile, the beautiful manager eavesdropping&nbsp; outside the door... she was initially just&nbsp;&nbsp; curious whether this Chinese man could handle&nbsp; her CEO, but curiosity killed the cat...&nbsp; Xiao Qiang exclaimed that he enjoyed it&nbsp; the whole time, saying that he had never&nbsp;&nbsp; been able to give it his all against&nbsp; Li Muyao or Lin Xuejiao in the past.&nbsp; But for the tall and strong Ariana,&nbsp; none of these seemed to be problems.&nbsp; 10:00 AM the next day! Xiao Qiang's phone rang&nbsp;&nbsp; urgently. He glanced at it and&nbsp; saw that it was Su Rui calling.&nbsp; For Su Rui, Yue Fei, and the others,&nbsp; apart from digging up Mayer's grave,&nbsp;&nbsp; they spent the rest of the time wandering&nbsp; around. Fortunately, the time wasn't too long,&nbsp;&nbsp; otherwise they would have been bored to death! Xiao Qiang rubbed his sleepy eyes, yawned,&nbsp;&nbsp; and said, "Hey, Brother Rui, what's up..." Su Rui on the other end of the phone was&nbsp;&nbsp; dumbfounded. What's wrong? Wasn't the flight at 4&nbsp; pm? Shouldn't we be heading to the airport right&nbsp;&nbsp; now? Do you think this is your private jet?&nbsp; Do you expect it to stop and wait for you?&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, the plane, back to China..." "Oh, that's it. You guys go back first,&nbsp;&nbsp; I... I'll stay a few more days, there's&nbsp; something I haven't finished taking care of..."&nbsp; Suri didn't suspect anything. "Okay, let's&nbsp; go back first... Take care of yourself..."&nbsp; After hanging up the phone, Xiao Qiang saw&nbsp; Ariana looking at him affectionately. It is&nbsp;&nbsp; said that when you possess a woman's&nbsp; body, you also possess her soul.&nbsp; It seems that this is indeed the case. At this moment, Ariana's eyes were filled&nbsp;&nbsp; with tenderness and affection as she looked at&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, and her gaze never left his face,&nbsp;&nbsp; as if she was worried that he would&nbsp; disappear if she closed her eyes.&nbsp; "Why are you looking at me like that?&nbsp; Is there something on your face?"&nbsp; Ariana nodded tenderly. "Xiaoqiang, how many more days can you stay here?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang nodded, "How about spending&nbsp; another 3 days with my sister Ariana?"&nbsp; Ariana was thrilled. Three days was short,&nbsp; but it was better than leaving today.&nbsp; Seeing the love on the mature woman's&nbsp; face, Xiao Qiang kissed her forehead.&nbsp; Ariana seemed to be inspired by Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; response and began to respond enthusiastically.&nbsp; They stopped at noon, only when&nbsp; their stomachs started to rumble.&nbsp; After washing up and getting dressed, Ariana&nbsp; took Xiao Qiang's arm and walked towards the&nbsp;&nbsp; hotel restaurant, where there was a VIP dining&nbsp; area specifically for presidential suite guests.&nbsp; On the way, the beautiful manager from yesterday&nbsp; saw her boss and that Chinese man being so&nbsp;&nbsp; affectionate, and her legs went weak again. The two were alone in a private room.&nbsp;&nbsp; Under Xiao Qiang's guidance, Ariana&nbsp; disregarded her aristocratic image&nbsp;&nbsp; and began to wolf down her food. "How was it, darling? Wasn't this&nbsp;&nbsp; a satisfying meal...?" Ariana nodded. "I never&nbsp;&nbsp; imagined I'd be eating like this one day..." Xiaoqiang, I'll take you skiing in the Alps&nbsp;&nbsp; later! It's the most famous ski resort in the&nbsp; world, attracting countless tourists from all&nbsp;&nbsp; over the globe every year. "You can ski?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang felt immediately after asking&nbsp; the question that it was incredibly&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughtless. How could someone who grew up&nbsp; in Trainken, a small town at the foot of the&nbsp;&nbsp; snow-capped mountains, not know how to ski?! "Who do you think you're underestimating?&nbsp;&nbsp; Ten years ago, I was a Swiss national&nbsp; skier who won an Olympic gold medal..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was speechless and choked with emotion! This is fucking ridiculous!&nbsp; No wonder he has such great stamina! "Okay, then you teach me later. I'm a&nbsp;&nbsp; complete newbie! I'm good at rolling on snow,&nbsp; but I've never tried floating on snow..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's words made&nbsp; Ariana burst into laughter!&nbsp; After a satisfying meal, Ariana drove Xiao Qiang&nbsp; to the St. Moritz ski resort, one of the oldest&nbsp;&nbsp; and most famous ski destinations in the world. Ariana had her own ski equipment, which she&nbsp;&nbsp; kept in her trunk, clearly indicating she skied&nbsp; frequently. Once they arrived at the foot of the&nbsp;&nbsp; mountain, Ariana got Xiao Qiang a ski outfit. On the ski slopes, snowflakes fluttered in the&nbsp;&nbsp; air, and sunlight occasionally pierced through the&nbsp; clouds, shining brightly on the glistening snow.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, dressed in heavy ski clothing&nbsp; and goggles, gripped his ski poles tightly,&nbsp;&nbsp; yet still appeared somewhat clumsy. His&nbsp; skis stumbled and scrambled across the snow,&nbsp;&nbsp; making frequent "thump-thump" sounds that drew&nbsp; sidelong glances from passersby. Despite his&nbsp;&nbsp; efforts to maintain balance, his body occasionally&nbsp; slipped out of control, tilting to the side.&nbsp; Ariana, on the other hand, was like a snow sprite.&nbsp; Her professional ski gear covered her completely,&nbsp;&nbsp; yet it couldn't conceal her graceful figure. She&nbsp; moved effortlessly through the ski slopes, each&nbsp;&nbsp; turn as fluid as flowing water, her skis almost&nbsp; skimming the ground, leaving behind perfect arcs.&nbsp; The two skated side by side,&nbsp; creating a striking contrast.&nbsp; However, Xiao Qiang, who is known&nbsp; for his strong learning ability,&nbsp;&nbsp; finally learned to glide slowly before his&nbsp; butt was smashed into eight pieces. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; he looked just like a penguin&nbsp; hopping around, which was hilarious.&nbsp; At this moment, on a platform not far&nbsp; from Xiao Qiang and his companion,&nbsp;&nbsp; a person collapsed without warning, apparently&nbsp; suffering from some unknown illness. Chapter 192 Barcelona Club President At this time, the long ski slope was in the peak&nbsp;&nbsp; season for skiing. If the fallen patient could not&nbsp; be moved off the slope, and if skiers upstream did&nbsp;&nbsp; not notice the fallen patient in time, it could&nbsp; very likely cause secondary injury to the patient.&nbsp; In fact, a violent impact could very&nbsp; well result in the patient's death.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Ariana were only about fifty meters&nbsp; away from the person who had fallen. Normally,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang could cover that distance in&nbsp; just a few seconds with a single step.&nbsp; But now, putting on skis is like putting shoes&nbsp; on a duck; it can't run or jump properly.&nbsp; At that moment, five figures were already&nbsp; gliding at high speed above the track.&nbsp; Stand by and watch someone die?&nbsp; That's not Xiao Qiang's style!&nbsp; At this moment, Xiao Qiang couldn't care&nbsp; about anything else. He spread his legs,&nbsp;&nbsp; focused his energy in his dantian, and stomped his&nbsp; feet. Both skateboards shattered. After cleaning&nbsp;&nbsp; up the broken boards, Xiao Qiang quickly&nbsp; ran towards the person lying on the track.&nbsp; At this moment, the figures of the five&nbsp; people became clearer. Ariana skated a&nbsp;&nbsp; few times and came to the front of the&nbsp; track, frantically waving at the five&nbsp;&nbsp; people to signal them to get out of the way. The five people were also skilled skiers.&nbsp;&nbsp; Upon seeing Ariana, they quickly twisted&nbsp; their bodies and finally changed direction&nbsp;&nbsp; when they were only 10 meters away from her. After taking a deep breath, Ariana quickly went&nbsp;&nbsp; to the spot where the person was lying behind her. At this moment, Xiao Qiang had already taken off&nbsp;&nbsp; the man's hat and ski goggles, revealing him&nbsp; to be an elderly man in his sixties. He then&nbsp;&nbsp; lifted the man up and quickly moved him to&nbsp; the edge of the track to prevent a collision.&nbsp; Based on the diagnosis just now, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; has confirmed that the patient suffers&nbsp;&nbsp; from cardiogenic syncope, which is caused by&nbsp; insufficient blood supply to the brain due to&nbsp;&nbsp; heart disease triggered by strenuous exercise. This is not a serious illness. As long as it&nbsp;&nbsp; is detected in time, passive&nbsp; cardiopulmonary resuscitation&nbsp;&nbsp; can restore normal blood supply to the brain. However, if the golden five-minute rescue period&nbsp;&nbsp; is missed, the patient is prone to brain death&nbsp; due to prolonged lack of oxygen to the brain.&nbsp; This patient was lucky; Xiao Qiang&nbsp; discovered him immediately and performed CPR.&nbsp; Two minutes later, the man suddenly opened&nbsp; his mouth, took a few deep breaths, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; slowly returned to normal. "Young man, thank you,&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you for saving my life..." As he spoke, he kept patting his chest,&nbsp;&nbsp; clearly looking like he had escaped death. "Sir, you're too kind. I just happened&nbsp;&nbsp; to see it and did it on a whim..." Upon hearing this, the old man laughed heartily,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Haha, what a convenient way to do it..." You're very kind to save someone's&nbsp;&nbsp; life and remain so humble. "Young man, what's your name? If&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't mind, could you take this old man to&nbsp; the coffee shop at the foot of the mountain to&nbsp;&nbsp; rest for a while, and we can have a good chat..." Xiao Qiang glanced at Ariana, clearly seeking her&nbsp;&nbsp; opinion. Ariana, being a daughter of a&nbsp; prestigious and long-established family,&nbsp;&nbsp; was also very well-educated and reasonable,&nbsp; and naturally prioritized saving lives.&nbsp; “Sir, my name is Xiao Qiang, and I&nbsp; come from China! We can take you to&nbsp;&nbsp; the foot of the mountain.” the three arrived at a coffee shop at&nbsp; the foot of the snow-capped mountain.&nbsp; The old man took a sip of&nbsp; his steaming coffee. "Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; let me introduce myself. My name is Laporta,&nbsp; and I'm from the country of the bullfighters!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was taken aback. Laporta?&nbsp; This person looks so familiar!&nbsp; "Huh? Isn't the president of your country's&nbsp; Barcelona football club also named like this?"&nbsp; "Sir, is that Barcelona&nbsp; president a relative of yours?"&nbsp; The old man, who called himself&nbsp; Laporta, smiled mysteriously. "Haha,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao, you still know about Barcelona? I'm&nbsp; honored. I am Laporta from Barcelona..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang immediately showed an extremely&nbsp; surprised expression. This was too much of&nbsp;&nbsp; a coincidence! He went skiing and ended up&nbsp; saving the president of the internationally&nbsp;&nbsp; renowned football club Barcelona. "Oh my god, is it really Mr. Laporta?"&nbsp; Weren't you supervising the team's training at&nbsp; Camp Nou (Barcelona's home training ground)?&nbsp; Laporta suddenly became depressed&nbsp; when the team was mentioned.&nbsp; "Mr. Laporta, why do you seem so&nbsp; dejected when the team is mentioned?"&nbsp; Laporta gave a wry smile. "Well, judging from&nbsp; your appearance, you must be a football enthusiast&nbsp;&nbsp; too. It won't hurt to talk to you about it." This year, Barcelona only finished fourth in the&nbsp;&nbsp; domestic Super League, which concluded last month! After speaking, Laporta looked dejected.&nbsp; "Huh? Only fourth? How could this be?" Xiao Qiang is not a die-hard football fan in&nbsp;&nbsp; the strict sense. All he knows is that Barcelona&nbsp; is awesome and has won several league titles.&nbsp; However, 2008 was actually the lowest&nbsp; point for this team. After the 2008 season,&nbsp;&nbsp; new head coach Ola Guardi was appointed to take&nbsp; over in a time of crisis. After taking office,&nbsp;&nbsp; he decisively let go of the Brazilian&nbsp; Ronaldinho and carried out sweeping reforms,&nbsp;&nbsp; which led to the team winning the domestic&nbsp; league treble in the following three years.&nbsp; Laporta shook his head helplessly. "The team's&nbsp; star player, the Samba boy, has been ruined by&nbsp;&nbsp; alcohol and women, while the team's new&nbsp; Argentine football king, Messi, is unable&nbsp;&nbsp; to contribute to the team due to injuries." The team's problems are deeply entrenched&nbsp;&nbsp; and difficult to resolve... Clearly, Laporta had a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of complaints about the team. "So what do you plan to do?"&nbsp; "Me? I'm old..." The team's momentum&nbsp;&nbsp; has waned! This trip is to clear my head;&nbsp; once I return home, I plan to sell the team.&nbsp; "Sigh! It's just that the current global&nbsp; economic situation is so bad that the&nbsp;&nbsp; team can't fetch a good price!" Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; mind immediately became active. In the previous life, the performance&nbsp;&nbsp; of the Chinese men's football team was&nbsp; quite stable, but it steadily declined.&nbsp; It was even registered by the public as&nbsp; "National Football Team Stinky Tofu"...&nbsp; The Chinese people were heartbroken by&nbsp; the men's football team's performance.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang had always been curious: how could the&nbsp; world's most populous country, with over a billion&nbsp;&nbsp; people, not have 11 men who could play football? Are Chinese men really this cowardly?&nbsp; He doesn't believe in this superstition? "Mr. Laporta, are you saying you&nbsp;&nbsp; want to sell the club?" Laporta took a sip of coffee&nbsp;&nbsp; and nodded dejectedly. This shows that the team's&nbsp; performance this year has deeply broken his heart.&nbsp; "How about you sell FC Barcelona to me?" Xiao Qiang said this very casually,&nbsp;&nbsp; so casually... it sounded a bit like a joke. Laporta looked at Xiao Qiang, who had&nbsp;&nbsp; a serious expression on his face,&nbsp; and his expression changed several&nbsp;&nbsp; times. "Xiao, are you sure you're not joking?" Xiao Qiang said calmly, "Do you think I'm joking?"&nbsp; Laporta thought Xiao Qiang was joking because&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked somewhat immature. This was&nbsp;&nbsp; a football club, not just football! Even if this year's results are less&nbsp;&nbsp; than satisfactory, it's still worth&nbsp; two or three hundred million euros.&nbsp; Ariana, standing nearby, wasn't surprised.&nbsp; She wasn't interested in football matches;&nbsp;&nbsp; it was just a football club. She knew Xiao&nbsp; Qiang had more than enough money to buy&nbsp;&nbsp; all the football clubs in the world. So she just quietly drank her coffee. Chapter 193 You'll be the president of Barcelona! "Xiao, do you know how much Barcelona is&nbsp;&nbsp; worth right now? 300 million euros!!" Do you know what 300 million euros means?&nbsp; Laporta spoke with great excitement. Xiao Qiang sighed helplessly and&nbsp;&nbsp; asked in confusion, "Does my whole&nbsp; being exude the aura of a loser?"&nbsp; Or do I just not have the&nbsp; aura of a super-rich person?&nbsp; Xiao Qiang shook his head; it seemed&nbsp; his demeanor still needed improvement.&nbsp; “Dear Mr. Laporta, I know very well what&nbsp; 300 million euros means, but I must say,&nbsp;&nbsp; I’m not kidding. If you’re sure you want to sell&nbsp; Barcelona, then tell me right now. My business&nbsp;&nbsp; assistant shouldn’t have left Switzerland yet.” Seeing Xiao Qiang's extremely serious expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; Laporta had no choice but to put aside&nbsp; his doubts. "Xiao, I do want to sell&nbsp;&nbsp; Barcelona. If you have sufficient financial&nbsp; resources, we can have a proper discussion!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang immediately took out&nbsp; his phone and dialed the number&nbsp;&nbsp; of his business assistant, Yang Yang. "Hey, Mr. Xiao, have you changed your mind&nbsp;&nbsp; and are you going to come back to China with us?" "Yang Yang, if you haven't boarded the plane yet,&nbsp;&nbsp; hurry back to Trainken. I have&nbsp; important business to attend to."&nbsp; "Oh? No problem! I was just about to&nbsp; check in, I'll go back right away."&nbsp; Yang Yang obeyed his boss's arrangements&nbsp; without question. After a brief farewell&nbsp;&nbsp; to Su Rui and the others, he took a taxi&nbsp; and sped off towards the town of Trainken.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang hung up the phone and smiled&nbsp; slightly at Laporta. "My business assistant&nbsp;&nbsp; will be back in Traynken in two hours.&nbsp; We can discuss the contract terms then."&nbsp; “Okay, let’s go back to town now. I’m&nbsp; staying at the St. Moritz Hotel. The&nbsp;&nbsp; hotel’s facilities and service are truly&nbsp; worthy of the name of a seven-star hotel.”&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Ariana exchanged a&nbsp; glance, amazed at the coincidence.&nbsp; "Haha, what a coincidence, we're also&nbsp; staying at the St. Moritz Hotel."&nbsp; “That is indeed a great coincidence.&nbsp; Let’s go back to the St. Moritz Hotel.”&nbsp; Half an hour later, Laporta was invited by Xiao&nbsp; Qiang to Ariana's luxurious presidential suite.&nbsp; "Wow, Xiao, your presidential suite is&nbsp; absolutely luxurious! Compared to this room,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're a much more low-key person!" Xiao Qiang thought to himself, "You,&nbsp;&nbsp; Laporta, aren't you indirectly&nbsp; saying that I lack class?"&nbsp; Despite his inner grumbling, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; wasn't the type to fuss over trivial matters.&nbsp; “Mr. Laporta, this room is not&nbsp; mine, it belongs to Ariana!”&nbsp; Moreover, the entire St.&nbsp; Moritz Hotel belongs to Ariane.&nbsp; Laporta froze, staring in astonishment at&nbsp; the elegant and beautiful Ariana beside him,&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking, "Oh! I see! This kid's&nbsp; hooked up with a rich woman!"&nbsp; After thinking about it&nbsp; this way, he felt relieved.&nbsp; If Xiao Qiang knew about this old guy's&nbsp; filthy thoughts, he'd probably knock him&nbsp;&nbsp; out and throw him back onto the ski slope. Laporta looked at Xiao Qiang with a strange&nbsp;&nbsp; expression, which confused Xiao Qiang. Why was&nbsp; the old man's expression suddenly so ambiguous...?&nbsp; Two hours later, Yang Yang&nbsp; arrived at the St. Moritz Hotel.&nbsp; "Old La, my assistant is here&nbsp; too. Shall we discuss the price?"&nbsp; Laporta found it hard to understand Xiao Qiang's&nbsp; intimate way of addressing him, a style common in&nbsp;&nbsp; China. "Xiao, I'm only in my sixties. You're&nbsp; making me sound old. I'm still a beauty..."&nbsp; "Uh... a man is a boy until he dies, that's&nbsp; fine, I'll call you Xiao La from now on..."&nbsp; Laporta was speechless. "You should just call him Old La..."&nbsp; The team is currently valued at €300 million,&nbsp; but considering you saved my life, I'll give&nbsp;&nbsp; you a 10% discount, so it's €270 million. Xiao Qiang frowned. "Old La, the number nine is&nbsp;&nbsp; not good. If you can't suppress the great fortune&nbsp; of the emperor, you will suffer a terrible fate."&nbsp; Are you saying your life is worthless by&nbsp; defining your life at 30 million euros?&nbsp; Are you cursing yourself? Laporta was speechless. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you think it's too expensive, just say so.&nbsp; Why beat around the bush and insult me?&nbsp; "Xiao, name your price. As long as it's&nbsp; not outrageous, I'll make a move..."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang exclaimed, "888,&nbsp; may you prosper! Let's go with an 80% discount,&nbsp;&nbsp; you prosper and I prosper too!" Xiao Qiang spoke eloquently,&nbsp;&nbsp; leaving Laporta completely bewildered. Laporta finally nodded, "240 million it is!"&nbsp; "Old La, since you agree, have the team stamp the&nbsp; transfer contract and fax it over. No problem,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's sign it now." 20 minutes later!&nbsp; Looking at the 200 million euros that&nbsp; had already arrived in his account,&nbsp;&nbsp; Laporta was beaming. It's true that a&nbsp; long string of numbers can bring more joy.&nbsp; "Congratulations, Xiao! You are now the&nbsp; president of FC Barcelona. I hope that&nbsp;&nbsp; under your leadership, this veteran&nbsp; football club can regain its glory."&nbsp; "Old La, don't worry! You'll see that day&nbsp; come, and I believe it won't be long!"&nbsp; "Haha, I really admire your confidence&nbsp; and optimism as a young man!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang remained cheerful. "Old La, let's&nbsp; go to Camp Nou in Barcelona in two days to&nbsp;&nbsp; hold a press conference and hand over our work." Once the handover is complete, the remaining 40&nbsp;&nbsp; million euros will be paid to you immediately. "No problem! Xiao, whatever you say goes!"&nbsp; After Laporta left&nbsp;&nbsp; the room, Yang Yang asked, "Mr. Xiao, Barcelona's&nbsp; performance in the 2008 season was quite poor, and&nbsp;&nbsp; after the Samba players left, the team's morale&nbsp; was unstable. It's foreseeable that this team&nbsp;&nbsp; transfer will only make the team more uneasy..." Xiao Qiang nodded. "It seems you still pay&nbsp;&nbsp; close attention to Barcelona. So&nbsp; what do you think we should do?"&nbsp; After thinking for a moment, Yang Yang said,&nbsp; "I think we can make changes in two ways."&nbsp; First, promote Barcelona B team coach Olaguardi to&nbsp; head coach of Barcelona first team. Olaguardi is&nbsp;&nbsp; very good at integrating teams and can quickly&nbsp; gain the trust of all players. In addition,&nbsp;&nbsp; he is talented and works harder, possessing&nbsp; all the qualities of an excellent head coach,&nbsp;&nbsp; only lacking an opportunity. Secondly, we need to quickly build&nbsp;&nbsp; an attacking formation centered around&nbsp; Argentine football legend Lionel Messi.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although Messi is only 21 years old, watching&nbsp; his games shows he is talented, hardworking,&nbsp;&nbsp; and most importantly, has a heart that constantly&nbsp; strives for self-improvement. I believe he will&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely be a great player in the future.” Xiao Qiang listened patiently to Yang Yang's&nbsp;&nbsp; analysis and kept nodding in approval. Yang Yang's analysis was key to Barcelona's&nbsp;&nbsp; subsequent resurgence and&nbsp; their eventual treble win.&nbsp; It's not surprising that Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; with his experience from two lifetimes,&nbsp;&nbsp; knew this, but Yang Yang, as a fan, was able to&nbsp; offer such objective and pertinent advice and&nbsp;&nbsp; possess such foresight. What a talent!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang touched his nose. "Yang Yang,&nbsp; I remember you're not married yet, right?"&nbsp; Yang Yang was taken aback,&nbsp; then nodded instinctively.&nbsp; I thought to myself, "The boss&nbsp; is changing the subject so fast,&nbsp;&nbsp; is he trying to set me up with someone?" "Are you okay with... long business trips?"&nbsp; "A true man's ambition lies&nbsp; in all corners of the world!"&nbsp; "Okay! Very good! Then you&nbsp; can stop being my secretary."&nbsp; "Go to the land of bullfighting,&nbsp; you be the president of Barcelona!" Chapter 194 An Awkward Encounter Yang Yang never imagined that his ambition&nbsp;&nbsp; to "roam the world" would take him directly&nbsp; from China to the bullfighting nation of Europe.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang looked at Yang Yang's dumbfounded&nbsp; expression and asked, "Yang? What's with that&nbsp;&nbsp; expression? Is this some kind of 'Super 6+1'?" "Whether you're willing or not,&nbsp;&nbsp; give me a straight answer!" "I wish...I'm willing..."&nbsp; Yang Yang was so excited that he was&nbsp; stammering. As a loyal Barcelona fan,&nbsp;&nbsp; he never imagined that one day he would become&nbsp; the president of Barcelona and participate in&nbsp;&nbsp; the creation of a world-class football club. "Okay. So do you know why I bought Barcelona?"&nbsp; Yang Yang looked at his boss, who&nbsp; was younger than him but looked&nbsp;&nbsp; very experienced. The boss's question was&nbsp; obviously meant to have a deeper meaning.&nbsp; The owner went to great lengths to buy Barcelona,&nbsp; clearly not for the sake of making money! The&nbsp;&nbsp; meager profits of a football club are not&nbsp; enough to catch the eye of a wealthy owner.&nbsp; Yang Yang cautiously guessed, "Mr. Xiao,&nbsp; is it related to Chinese football?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang laughed again. This Yang Yang is a&nbsp; genius! He figured out his intentions so quickly.&nbsp; "Indeed, the current state of Chinese&nbsp; men's football is deteriorating. Of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are many problems, but these&nbsp; are all caused by objective factors."&nbsp; Regardless, revitalizing Chinese&nbsp; football is everyone's responsibility.&nbsp; We happen to have this ability, so&nbsp; let's use it to serve our country.&nbsp; Yang Yang was extremely agitated upon hearing&nbsp; his boss's words. This is understandable;&nbsp;&nbsp; any Chinese man would be frustrated&nbsp; and heartbroken upon seeing the men's&nbsp;&nbsp; football team's dismal performance. If we were fortunate enough to witness&nbsp;&nbsp; the transformation of the Chinese&nbsp; men's national football team, that&nbsp;&nbsp; would be the wish of every football enthusiast. "Mr. Xiao, please give me your instructions. I&nbsp;&nbsp; will do my best and never give&nbsp; up until we achieve our goal."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang patted Yang Yang on&nbsp; the shoulder with satisfaction.&nbsp; I have a few rough ideas. First: Establish Qiangsheng&nbsp;&nbsp; Football Schools nationwide to scout&nbsp; talented football players aged 8-12.&nbsp;&nbsp; As long as they have talent and are willing&nbsp; to work hard, Qiangsheng Group will cover&nbsp;&nbsp; all their school expenses. After a year&nbsp; of basic skills training and advanced&nbsp;&nbsp; learning at Huaxia Football School… The following year, they were all sent&nbsp;&nbsp; to the Barcelona Football Academy for&nbsp; systematic and professional training.&nbsp; Second: Once trainees have reached a certain&nbsp; level, they will be rigorously selected through&nbsp;&nbsp; the path of Barcelona Football School –&nbsp; Barcelona B Team – Barcelona First Team.&nbsp; Of course, our players will accept the call-up&nbsp; to the Chinese national team when necessary.&nbsp; Thirdly, and most quickly, is establishing a&nbsp; strong domestic football team and naturalizing&nbsp;&nbsp; a group of top international players at&nbsp; their peak or promising young stars from&nbsp;&nbsp; traditional football powerhouses. We employ a world-class coaching&nbsp;&nbsp; team to provide guidance throughout the process. All expenses will be borne by my Qiangsheng Group.&nbsp; Moreover, this action must be quick. I hope&nbsp; our naturalized players can appear in the Asian&nbsp;&nbsp; qualifiers for the World Cup starting in 2010. This is my general outline; in the actual&nbsp;&nbsp; execution, you can proceed&nbsp; according to your own plan…&nbsp; Yang Yang is currently full of energy and can't&nbsp; wait to find Ola Guardi to discuss how to start&nbsp;&nbsp; the next phase of work immediately. Yang Yang checked directly into the&nbsp;&nbsp; St. Moritz Hotel, and will go to Camp Nou&nbsp; Stadium with Xiao Qiang two days later.&nbsp; Having finished his business,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was in an extremely good mood.&nbsp; This trip to Trainken had been very fruitful!&nbsp; By acquiring controlling stakes in Zeiss and&nbsp; Cyber, they essentially gained control over two&nbsp;&nbsp; key technologies in the lithography machine field. These two companies possess an irreplaceable&nbsp;&nbsp; monopoly advantage in light source&nbsp; technology and high-precision optical lenses.&nbsp; Currently, the three major players in the&nbsp; world's lithography machine field—Asmay,&nbsp;&nbsp; Toshiba, Nikon, and Samsung—all use Cyber's&nbsp; light source technology and Zeiss's optical&nbsp;&nbsp; lenses in their lithography machines. He also gained the friendship of the head of&nbsp;&nbsp; the Rothschild family, which is priceless. Today, by sheer coincidence,&nbsp;&nbsp; they acquired the top football club Barcelona. How could Xiao Qiang not be in a good mood?&nbsp; Xiao Qiang then swept Ariana into his&nbsp; arms with a powerful princess carry.&nbsp; "Sister Ariana, you are truly my lucky goddess." I'm going to reward you handsomely!&nbsp; Ariana parted her red lips slightly and said&nbsp; sweetly, "Darling, what will you reward me with?"&nbsp; Seeing the alluring beauty of the mature woman&nbsp; in his arms with her red lips slightly parted,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang couldn't restrain&nbsp; himself and went straight to her.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang didn't leave&nbsp; Ariana's room after entering it!&nbsp; The two were forced to stop when Ariana's door&nbsp; was pounded on violently at noon the next day.&nbsp; Ariana frowned. This was the first&nbsp; time anyone had dared to knock on&nbsp;&nbsp; her door like this on her own turf! She put on an ice silk nightgown, the&nbsp;&nbsp; delicate touch of which felt like a second skin,&nbsp; gently clinging to her graceful figure and making&nbsp;&nbsp; the curves of her chest extremely eye-catching. The nightgown was just long enough to cover the&nbsp;&nbsp; top of her thighs, making her sexy&nbsp; hip curves extremely eye-catching.&nbsp; Ariana arrived at the door and&nbsp; looked through the peephole.&nbsp; She was momentarily flustered.&nbsp; "Darling, it's my sister Alice."&nbsp; She must have known I was here to come looking&nbsp; for me! She won't give up until she gets in!&nbsp; What should we do? Why don't you hide?" Xiao Qiang was puzzled. "Why hide it? I could&nbsp;&nbsp; just say you're my woman, couldn't I?" Ariana felt a surge of sweetness.&nbsp; "That won't do. My sister said she wanted to&nbsp; be your girlfriend the other day. If I'm like&nbsp;&nbsp; this with you now, she'll definitely&nbsp; think that I, as her older sister,&nbsp;&nbsp; am stealing... uh... man from her." She'll definitely hold a grudge against me!&nbsp; You should hide and think&nbsp; of another way after today!&nbsp; Seeing Ariana's troubled expression, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; had no choice but to grab his clothes and go into&nbsp;&nbsp; the bedroom closet. "Sister, why did it take you so long to open&nbsp; the door! What were you doing in your room?"&nbsp; Ariana shook her head, feigning composure,&nbsp; and said, "Nothing, I was just sleeping..."&nbsp; "Why is your face so red? Do you have a fever?" She then touched her sister's forehead,&nbsp;&nbsp; "It's not hot..." Although Alice felt that her&nbsp; sister was acting strangely today,&nbsp;&nbsp; she was too naive to think much of it. She simply took off her thick coat and&nbsp;&nbsp; went straight into Ariana's bedroom, sprawling&nbsp; out on the large bed in a carefree manner.&nbsp; Then I stretched! "Sister, come here..."&nbsp; Then he beckoned to Ariana with his finger. "What are you doing?"&nbsp; "Come here, I need to tell you something..." Ariana, unsuspecting, went to the bedside.&nbsp; Suddenly, Alice stood up and lifted her sister&nbsp; Ariana's nightgown, which startled Ariana.&nbsp; "You brat, what are you doing?" Alice chuckled smugly, "Haha,&nbsp;&nbsp; I knew I was right, it's a vacuum." You still prefer to sleep naked, just like before. Chapter 195 We're Playing Hide and Seek "You brat, don't you know how embarrassing&nbsp;&nbsp; it is to say something like that so loudly..." Alice replied nonchalantly, "What's there to&nbsp;&nbsp; be afraid of? It's just the two of us sisters&nbsp; in this room. No one can hear us if we shout."&nbsp; Alice didn't know there was someone in&nbsp; the closet next to her, but Ariana did!&nbsp;&nbsp; She was afraid that her younger sister&nbsp; would say something outrageous again.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, who was hiding in the closet next&nbsp; to her, was also provoked by Alice's bold words.&nbsp; Do women have this hobby too? Ariana didn't want to continue&nbsp;&nbsp; arguing with her sister about this&nbsp; topic. "Alice, what brings you here?"&nbsp; "Sis, do you know where Brother Xiao Qiang went?" Ariana stammered, "I...how would I know?"&nbsp; What do you want with him? "Huh? Alice, you don't actually want&nbsp;&nbsp; to be Xiao Qiang's girlfriend, do you?" Alice's youthful and beautiful face&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately transformed into a&nbsp; mischievous and clever expression.&nbsp; "Sister, Xiao Qiang and I are&nbsp; about the same age. There's&nbsp;&nbsp; nothing wrong with me being his girlfriend!" Alice, noticing her sister's strange expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly asked, "Hey? Sister,&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't like Brother Xiao Qiang too, do you?!" Ariana, as if her Achilles' heel had been touched,&nbsp;&nbsp; looked tense. "What nonsense are you talking&nbsp; about? I'm a full twelve years older than him..."&nbsp; Alice looked at her sister strangely,&nbsp; a chill running down her spine,&nbsp;&nbsp; as if she had sensed something. "Sis, what are you nervous about?"&nbsp; Tell me honestly, do you also like Brother Xiao&nbsp; Qiang? I can guess even if you don't say it!&nbsp; What era are we living in? Love is free! Being ten years older is nothing.&nbsp; Sister, look how perky your butt&nbsp; is! And how perky your breasts are!&nbsp; Her skin is so smooth, I'm so envious! If you really have feelings for him,&nbsp;&nbsp; why don't my sister and I both go&nbsp; with Brother Xiao Qiang? That way,&nbsp;&nbsp; we won't have to be separated in the future..." Ariana was stunned by her sister's outrageous&nbsp;&nbsp; words. Could such a thing even be possible? But upon closer reflection, it seemed...&nbsp; Inside the closet, Xiao Qiang covered his mouth,&nbsp; barely suppressing the urge to burst out laughing.&nbsp;&nbsp; Winning over the twin sisters was the ultimate&nbsp; dream of countless men; how joyful he would be&nbsp;&nbsp; if he were fortunate enough to achieve it… Alice, who is both clever and intelligent,&nbsp;&nbsp; became even more certain of her guess as&nbsp; she watched her sister deep in thought.&nbsp; Then she saw her sister's phone lying on the&nbsp; bed, picked it up, and seeing it was Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang's number, dialed it without thinking... By the time Ariana realized what was happening&nbsp;&nbsp; and frantically tried to grab&nbsp; her phone back, it was too late.&nbsp; Suddenly, a cell phone rang in the room,&nbsp; playing the lyrics, "I'm gazing at the moon..."&nbsp; Alice and Ariana both stared at the&nbsp;&nbsp; wardrobe at the same time, while Xiao Qiang was&nbsp; so frightened that his soul almost left his body!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang shakily pulled his phone out of his&nbsp; pocket, unsure whether to answer or hang up.&nbsp; He never imagined that the scene of many old men&nbsp; being caught "cheating" naked in his previous&nbsp;&nbsp; life would one day happen to him. My two lifetimes of brilliance,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, have all been ruined today! Alice stared in shock at her sister, the rhythmic&nbsp;&nbsp; song still playing incessantly from the wardrobe… Ariana's face was flushed, so red it seemed&nbsp;&nbsp; like it could drip water... Although she knew&nbsp; Alice and Xiao Qiang had no real relationship,&nbsp;&nbsp; she still felt a pang of guilt for&nbsp; having stolen her sister's man...&nbsp; Alice dashed to the wardrobe door and flung it&nbsp; open, while Ariana awkwardly closed her eyes...&nbsp; "Hi! Alice..." "Xiao...Brother Xiao&nbsp;&nbsp; Qiang...what are you doing here..." Alice asked, quite surprised.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, clutching his shirt and&nbsp; trousers, looked awkwardly at Alice,&nbsp;&nbsp; whose eyes were wide with surprise. He&nbsp; had just quietly put on his underwear.&nbsp; "Haha! Alice, I was playing hide-and-seek&nbsp; with your sister... Look, your sister&nbsp;&nbsp; couldn't find me... but you found me..." This was absolutely the most embarrassing&nbsp;&nbsp; moment of Xiao Qiang's life. He didn't even know&nbsp; how he came up with such a lame explanation,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he didn't expect the clever Alice to believe&nbsp; his nonsense that even ghosts wouldn't believe.&nbsp; Alice felt her intelligence had been greatly&nbsp; insulted at that moment. Did playing hide-and-seek&nbsp;&nbsp; require taking off your clothes to catch someone? Alice's expression shifted rapidly,&nbsp;&nbsp; and no one knew what she was thinking.&nbsp; Suddenly, her expression changed again,&nbsp;&nbsp; and she reverted to her mischievous self. "Are you playing hide-and-seek? You guys go&nbsp;&nbsp; ahead and do your thing. I'm a little hungry, sis,&nbsp; I'll go to the hotel restaurant for some food."&nbsp; I'll come back to find you later! After saying that, Alice left the room&nbsp;&nbsp; with an innocent and adorable look on her face. Alice's unexpected action left Xiao Qiang and&nbsp;&nbsp; Ariana completely baffled, and they&nbsp; looked at each other in bewilderment!&nbsp; "Come out here right now, are you&nbsp; addicted to staying in the closet?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang gave an awkward smile,&nbsp; grabbed his clothes, and scurried out,&nbsp;&nbsp; then quickly started getting dressed. Once Alice stepped outside, she instantly lost&nbsp;&nbsp; her mischievous and clever demeanor, becoming&nbsp; expressionless and even somewhat melancholic.&nbsp; She stopped in a secluded corner, staring blankly&nbsp; down the corridor. "Sister, I've already told you&nbsp;&nbsp; that I like Brother Xiao Qiang and I'm willing&nbsp; to be his woman with you, so why are you still&nbsp;&nbsp; hiding this from me?" After Xiao Qiang finished dressing, he said, "I'll&nbsp; go back to my room first. Go find Alice. She's so&nbsp;&nbsp; smart, she must have discovered something!" Ariana nodded helplessly.&nbsp; After Xiao Qiang left, Ariana got&nbsp; dressed and went out to look for&nbsp;&nbsp; Alice. Soon she found Alice leaning against&nbsp; the wall in the corridor, lost in thought.&nbsp; "Alice, let's go back to my room.&nbsp; I have something to tell you..."&nbsp; Seeing her sister so distracted, Ariana&nbsp; felt both guilty and heartbroken.&nbsp; Alice didn't reply to her sister, but simply&nbsp; turned and walked straight towards the room,&nbsp;&nbsp; while Ariana sighed and followed behind Alice. "Alice, ask me anything you want to know,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'll tell you everything..." Ariana's lips curled into a barely&nbsp;&nbsp; perceptible smile. "When did you get&nbsp;&nbsp; together with Brother Xiao Qiang?" Ariana took a deep breath and sat on the sofa. "It&nbsp;&nbsp; all started when Xiao Qiang and I first met..." Then she told her sister Alice the whole story&nbsp;&nbsp; of how she first met Xiao Qiang. Alice stared in astonishment,&nbsp;&nbsp; her mouth agape. She had no idea that her sister&nbsp; would make such a sacrifice to save their father.&nbsp; But she maintained a straight face and asked, "So you're with Brother Xiao Qiang to&nbsp;&nbsp; fulfill a promise you made back then?" Ariana no longer intended to hide her feelings.&nbsp;&nbsp; Feelings are different from other things; there's&nbsp; no such thing as an older sister giving way to a&nbsp;&nbsp; younger sister. Rather than hiding from each&nbsp; other, it's better to be open and honest.&nbsp; Ariana shook her head firmly. "At first, I did&nbsp; agree to Xiao Qiang's offer to save my father,&nbsp;&nbsp; but after spending these past few days&nbsp; with him, I feel that he is a strong,&nbsp;&nbsp; responsible, and exceptionally intelligent&nbsp; person. I like this kind of strong person." Chapter 196 Sisters United,&nbsp; Their Strength Can Break Gold&nbsp; As soon as Ariana finished speaking,&nbsp; Alice immediately asked, "Sister,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I said the other day that I wanted&nbsp; to be Brother Xiao Qiang's girlfriend!"&nbsp; You didn't say anything at the time,&nbsp; but then immediately did that thing&nbsp;&nbsp; with Brother Xiao Qiang. "Didn't you cheat on me?"&nbsp; Ariana was both amused and exasperated by her&nbsp; sister Alice's bizarre thought process. "Alice,&nbsp;&nbsp; you only mentioned it briefly,&nbsp; did Xiao Qiang agree or not?"&nbsp; Besides, you have neither a formal&nbsp; relationship nor a legal status with him,&nbsp;&nbsp; so what does that have to do with being cuckolded? Seeing that her sister ignored her sophistry,&nbsp;&nbsp; Alice immediately changed her feigned&nbsp; aloofness and said with a smile, "Sister,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't care, I like Brother Xiao Qiang too,&nbsp; and I'm determined to be his girlfriend."&nbsp; Ariana was speechless at her sister's sudden&nbsp; change of expression, but she had no intention&nbsp;&nbsp; of giving up this relationship just&nbsp; because Alice had joined the group.&nbsp; So she said helplessly, "Alice, I've always&nbsp; given in to you since we were little,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I can't give in to matters of the&nbsp; heart anymore. After all these years,&nbsp;&nbsp; I've finally met a man who has captured my heart&nbsp; at first sight, and I will definitely cherish this&nbsp;&nbsp; relationship that God has given me this time." After she finished speaking, she stared at&nbsp;&nbsp; Alice quietly, mentally prepared&nbsp; for her sister's unbridled tantrum.&nbsp; But I never expected this! "Sister, I don't need you to give&nbsp;&nbsp; way to me. Haven't I already told you that?" We can follow Brother Xiao Qiang together!&nbsp; That way, we'll both have this relationship, and&nbsp; we sisters won't have to be separated anymore.&nbsp; From now on, if we sisters work together,&nbsp; our strength can break even metal!&nbsp; Alice's words made Ariana blush with&nbsp; embarrassment. Such a private matter&nbsp;&nbsp; had been spoken so carelessly, which&nbsp; reminded her once again of Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; incredibly brave and valiant side just now. To be honest, Ariana was also somewhat&nbsp;&nbsp; tempted by this suggestion, since&nbsp; she couldn't think of any better way&nbsp;&nbsp; to perfectly resolve the current situation. "But even if I agree, what about Xiao Qiang?"&nbsp; We can't impose everything on him. Should we consult Xiao Qiang?&nbsp; Alice was secretly delighted&nbsp; to see her sister relent.&nbsp; "You don't need to worry about&nbsp; that. I'll take care of it myself.&nbsp;&nbsp; This matter will be a piece of cake." I don't believe any man in the world&nbsp;&nbsp; can resist the irresistible charm of&nbsp; a young and beautiful woman like me.&nbsp; Sister, look! My breasts are so pretty and perky!&nbsp; My waist is as graceful as a willow! My pig, so round and perky!&nbsp; My legs, snow-white skin and&nbsp; slender feet! Long, jade-like legs!&nbsp; Do you think Xiao Qiang's brother could refuse? Ariana was speechless at her&nbsp;&nbsp; sister's outrageous words. "Alright, if Xiao Qiang agrees,&nbsp;&nbsp; I have no objection..." Alice cheered with joy&nbsp;&nbsp; when her sister finally spoke up. "Sister, where did Brother Xiao Qiang go?"&nbsp; Should I go find him? "He's going to Camp&nbsp;&nbsp; Nou in the Bullfighting Kingdom tonight." Alice exclaimed in surprise, "Sister, what are you&nbsp;&nbsp; standing there for? Hurry up and pack your bags!" "what?"&nbsp; "What else? Let's go to the Bullfighting Kingdom&nbsp; to keep Brother Xiao Qiang company. He must be so&nbsp;&nbsp; lonely over there. We can go and keep him company,&nbsp; and then find a chance to take him down in one&nbsp;&nbsp; fell swoop..." 8 p.m. at the Swiss International Airport. Xiao Qiang, Yang Yang, and Laporta have&nbsp;&nbsp; already started boarding the first class.&nbsp; Although the journey to the Bullfighting&nbsp;&nbsp; Kingdom is only two and a half hours, they&nbsp; still chose the more comfortable first class.&nbsp; What's the point of making&nbsp; so much money otherwise?&nbsp;&nbsp; Making money is meant to improve one's life. Just as the three of them sat down, and Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; lay down to rest for a bit, two more beautifully&nbsp; dressed women boarded the first-class cabin.&nbsp; It was the Ariana sisters. At this moment, Xiao Qiang had&nbsp;&nbsp; not slept well due to days of fierce fighting&nbsp; and urgently needed to replenish his strength,&nbsp;&nbsp; so he had already closed his eyes to rest. After a while, Xiao Qiang suddenly heard&nbsp;&nbsp; someone quietly enter his rest cabin. He assumed&nbsp; it was a flight attendant and didn't make a sound.&nbsp; A little while. "Brother Xiaoqiang..."&nbsp; "Brother Xiaoqiang..." Xiao Qiang was startled; this wasn't a flight&nbsp;&nbsp; attendant. He abruptly opened his eyes. Alice?&nbsp; What are you doing here? Alice was very pleased with Xiao Qiang's&nbsp;&nbsp; surprised reaction and said with a grin, Why can't I be here?&nbsp; We're worried you'll be lonely&nbsp; over there all by yourself.&nbsp; So I'll go to the Land of&nbsp; Bullfighting to keep you company!&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was taken aback, "You guys?" "Yes, my sister is on the plane too!"&nbsp; "Well!!!" "I have important business to attend to&nbsp;&nbsp; in the Land of Bullfighting, not for tourism!" What are you going to do with me?&nbsp; Alice's bright eyes darted around, and she feigned&nbsp; a shy look. "Brother Xiaoqiang, what do you want&nbsp;&nbsp; us to do for you? We'll do anything you ask!" Seeing Alice's coy and shy demeanor at this&nbsp;&nbsp; moment, Xiao Qiang's brain completely shut&nbsp; down, and he lost all ability to think.&nbsp; "What did you and your sister discuss?" Xiao Qiang knew that the two sisters'&nbsp;&nbsp; simultaneous appearance here, and their&nbsp; suggestive remarks, meant that they had&nbsp;&nbsp; discussed something after he left the room&nbsp; earlier that day and reached a consensus.&nbsp; Otherwise, why would Alice suddenly&nbsp; say such a nonsensical thing to me?!&nbsp; At this moment, Alice once again made a startling&nbsp; statement, "My sister has agreed to both of us&nbsp;&nbsp; being your girlfriends..." "Cough...cough cough..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was shocked and stood up&nbsp; abruptly, exclaiming in surprise.&nbsp; "Your sister told you?" Alice nodded, looking at Xiao Qiang's expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; which showed only surprise but no delight. "Yes! My sister agreed!"&nbsp; "What's wrong, Brother&nbsp; Xiaoqiang? Don't you like me?"&nbsp; Seeing Alice's pitiful appearance,&nbsp; What man wouldn't be moved by&nbsp; such a beautiful and sexy woman?&nbsp; Unless he's a crossdresser! "No...it's just that,&nbsp;&nbsp; you two sisters, I'm a little...shy..." "Brother Xiao Qiang, how about I stay&nbsp;&nbsp; with you tonight... Let's get to know each&nbsp; other better and strengthen our bond..."&nbsp; "Alice, let's not meet tonight. We're&nbsp; on an airplane; if we make too much&nbsp;&nbsp; noise and shake the plane down, it'll be&nbsp; a huge loss. We can do it another time..."&nbsp; Alice thought to herself, "Would that cause&nbsp; such a commotion? Enough to shake a plane down?"&nbsp; But then she thought, this place&nbsp; isn't very soundproof either!&nbsp; "Then let's wait until later!" "Brother Xiao Qiang, I'll head back now. You&nbsp;&nbsp; should rest and recharge... I'm leaving now..." Xiao Qiang is not a saint. The reason he didn't&nbsp; act immediately is because he and Alice didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; know each other and their face-to-face&nbsp; communication didn't exceed 10 sentences.&nbsp; He doesn't like this kind of blatant relationship! Although men generally prioritize sex over love,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang is no ordinary man,&nbsp; and he does no ordinary things. Chapter 197 Mei Xiaoxi's Embarrassment As soon as everyone got off the plane,&nbsp;&nbsp; they checked into the hotel that&nbsp; Laporta had arranged in advance.&nbsp; As one of the parties involved in this team&nbsp; trade, and also having received a life-saving&nbsp;&nbsp; favor, he has no choice but to show the&nbsp; enthusiasm and thoughtfulness of a host.&nbsp; The night passed peacefully! The next day, Xiao Qiang and Yang Yang went&nbsp;&nbsp; directly to Camp Nou Stadium. As agreed with&nbsp; Laporta, they first met with the team's coaching&nbsp;&nbsp; staff and star players for a brief discussion,&nbsp; and then held a press conference at 11 a.m. sharp.&nbsp; Inside the team meeting room! Messi and Henry, the two star players,&nbsp;&nbsp; attended as player representatives. The first&nbsp; team's head coach had been fired by Laporta,&nbsp;&nbsp; and only the assistant coach attended.&nbsp; The second team's head coach, Olaguardi,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a few assistant coaches were also present. Everyone was extremely curious about the&nbsp;&nbsp; two Chinese people sitting next to the team&nbsp; chairman, so before the meeting even started,&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone was whispering among themselves. "Brother Henry, what do you think&nbsp;&nbsp; those two Chinese men are doing?" Henry spread his hands and grinned,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Could it be that the chef was hired from China?&nbsp; After all, Chinese cuisine is so delicious&nbsp;&nbsp; and has such a wide variety of dishes." Could it be that Laporta has had a change&nbsp;&nbsp; of heart and is improving our meals? Mei Xiaoxi nodded seriously. In 2009,&nbsp;&nbsp; he was not yet 20 years old and&nbsp; still had a bit of a childish look.&nbsp; "Brother, I think what you said is&nbsp; very likely. Watch me, I'll try to&nbsp;&nbsp; get some information out of them first!" As he spoke, he gave Henry a smug look.&nbsp; Sitting next to Messi was Xiao Qiang. Xiao&nbsp; Qiang was also a little excited to see the&nbsp;&nbsp; football superstar, but he was looking at&nbsp; detailed operational data of the Barcelona&nbsp;&nbsp; club and hadn't had time to chat with him yet. At this moment, Mei Xiaoxi spoke to Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; in fluent English, "Hey buddy, are you Chinese?" Seeing that Mei Xiaoxi had taken the initiative&nbsp;&nbsp; to chat with him, Xiao Qiang put down the stack&nbsp; of documents he was holding and turned around.&nbsp; "Hello, Mei Xiaoxi, I am&nbsp; Chinese! My name is Xiao Qiang."&nbsp; Upon hearing that the other person knew him,&nbsp; Messi became exceptionally excited, "Aha,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao, are you my fan?" Xiao Qiang nodded,&nbsp;&nbsp; seemingly unsure whether to agree or disagree. "Haha, that's fantastic. Xiao, are you a chef? Did&nbsp;&nbsp; you come to Barcelona to improve our meals? I've&nbsp; heard that China has a lot of delicious food."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was taken aback. If it was&nbsp; about improving their meals, that would&nbsp;&nbsp; make sense. After he took over Barcelona,&nbsp; the meals were definitely better than before.&nbsp;&nbsp; With Chinese players coming to Barcelona for&nbsp; training, a Chinese restaurant was essential.&nbsp; "I really did come here to improve your meals!" Xiao Qiang gave an ambiguous answer,&nbsp;&nbsp; which made Mei Xiaoxi a little excited. "Haha, Brother Xiao, I'm a bit older than you,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I'll presume to call you 'brother.'&nbsp; Don't mind me. After you come to Barcelona,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll protect you. No one will dare to bully you." If anyone bullies you, I'll get Brother Henry to&nbsp;&nbsp; kick their ass, right, Brother Henry…” Mei Xiaoxi is a very talkative person,&nbsp;&nbsp; and at this moment she directly&nbsp; pulled Henry in to chat as well.&nbsp; Henry, being older and more mature than them,&nbsp; still greeted Xiao Qiang with a smile, "Hello&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, I'm Henry. Welcome to Barcelona. Don't&nbsp; worry, we've got your back. Even the troublemakers&nbsp;&nbsp; in the team won't bother you..." Xiao Qiang nodded in response&nbsp;&nbsp; with a cheerful smile. Then the three of them&nbsp;&nbsp; started chatting amongst themselves, and in less&nbsp; than ten minutes they were like close friends.&nbsp; Twenty minutes later, Laporta&nbsp; returned to the conference room.&nbsp; The conference room fell silent instantly,&nbsp; indicating that Laporta still held considerable&nbsp;&nbsp; sway over those present. Laporta turned on the&nbsp;&nbsp; microphone switch on the table. "Good morning, fellow Barça family members. I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; here today to announce something very important." What is it?&nbsp; As everyone knows, Barcelona's performance this&nbsp; year has been extremely poor, finishing fourth in&nbsp;&nbsp; the domestic league, which is a rare occurrence&nbsp; in Barcelona's more than 100-year history.&nbsp; I've been with Barcelona for 10 years now, which&nbsp; isn't a long time, but it's certainly not short.&nbsp; As for me, I'm getting old, and I no longer&nbsp; have the time or energy to accompany and&nbsp;&nbsp; witness Barcelona's return to its peak. At this point, everyone understood what&nbsp;&nbsp; Laporta was about to say, and their previous&nbsp; ease vanished, replaced by serious expressions.&nbsp; "so……" Laporta, overcome with emotion, choked&nbsp;&nbsp; back tears and fell silent, wiping his eyes. "Therefore, I have decided to sell Barcelona..."&nbsp; Although everyone was mentally&nbsp; prepared, when Laporta said it himself,&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone still felt a sense of sorrow, like&nbsp; that of a child abandoned by his parents.&nbsp; The meeting room fell into&nbsp; a silent, cold stillness.&nbsp; "The reason I've gathered everyone here&nbsp; today is to introduce Barcelona's new owner."&nbsp; As he spoke, he turned his gaze to Xiao&nbsp; Qiang beside him in full view of everyone.&nbsp; "From today onwards, Barcelona will be&nbsp; taken over by Mr. Xiao Qiang from China."&nbsp; Laporta's words were like a thunderclap from a&nbsp; clear sky, leaving the former Barcelona players&nbsp;&nbsp; present completely stunned. Especially Messi! And Henry!&nbsp; My new buddy, whom I just&nbsp; started dating 10 minutes ago!&nbsp; They even said they'd protect them! He even asked them to make him shredded&nbsp;&nbsp; pork with sweet bean sauce, sweet&nbsp; and sour pork, and Sichuan hot pot...&nbsp; Are you kidding me? In the blink&nbsp; of an eye, you're your own boss?&nbsp; Is it really necessary to be this exciting? Mei Xiaoxi's heart was pounding to the rhythm&nbsp;&nbsp; of the most dazzling ethnic style! My heart was pounding with anxiety.&nbsp;&nbsp; "I wonder if Boss Xiao will hold a grudge.&nbsp; What if he just blacklists me? That would be&nbsp;&nbsp; utterly ridiculous..." Having seen Henry the Great&nbsp;&nbsp; many times, he wasn't so panicked. "My dear Xiao, from this moment on,&nbsp;&nbsp; Barcelona is officially under your&nbsp; management. Let me introduce you..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang responded to each of the&nbsp; coaches and athletes present, one by one.&nbsp; When Mei Xiaoxi was introduced, she looked&nbsp; at Xiao Qiang's serious face and gave an&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely awkward grin that looked like&nbsp; a smile... but also kind of like a cry.&nbsp; "Dear Xiao, do you think you should take&nbsp; this opportunity to give the whole team&nbsp;&nbsp; a pep talk about the next phase of work...?" Xiao Qiang understood what he meant. With the&nbsp;&nbsp; league defeat, the head coach position vacant,&nbsp; and the team changing hands, a sense of sorrow&nbsp;&nbsp; and negativity permeated the entire team. Now was&nbsp; a critical moment when the team desperately needed&nbsp;&nbsp; an injection of positive energy. "Hello to all the coaches and players of Barça.&nbsp; I am very happy to be a member of Barça."&nbsp; FC Barcelona is a football club with an&nbsp; excellent heritage spanning three centuries.&nbsp; This year's league defeat was&nbsp; due to a variety of factors,&nbsp;&nbsp; both internal and external, and there is&nbsp; no need to dwell on the temporary setback.&nbsp; With the team changing hands,&nbsp; everything starts anew.&nbsp; Brother, I may lack other things,&nbsp; but I have plenty of youthful energy,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I also have no shortage of worldly money… Xiao Qiang's lighthearted remarks made everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; burst into laughter, and the scene&nbsp; was no longer as quiet as before. Chapter 198 I Want to Play&nbsp; Hide-and-Seek with You Too&nbsp; Thanks to Xiao Qiang's deliberate&nbsp; manipulation, the atmosphere at the&nbsp;&nbsp; scene was no longer as serious as before. He continued, "When I took over Barcelona,&nbsp;&nbsp; my short-term goal was to win the 2009 Super&nbsp; League title and the Champions League title."&nbsp; Seeing everyone's worried faces, he didn't care.&nbsp; The team had just suffered a serious setback,&nbsp;&nbsp; and how could he possibly revive the&nbsp; team immediately with just a few words?&nbsp; "I know everyone is still recovering&nbsp; from the loss, but it's okay, it's the&nbsp;&nbsp; team's winter break right now." Everyone can use this time to&nbsp;&nbsp; make adjustments as soon as possible. Next, I will announce my two decisions.&nbsp; Upon hearing that Xiao Qiang had a major&nbsp; decision to announce so soon after taking&nbsp;&nbsp; office, everyone immediately perked up&nbsp; their ears and stared intently at him.&nbsp; Mei Xiaoxi, in particular, kept thinking to&nbsp; herself, "Is the new boss going to punish me right&nbsp;&nbsp; away? Ugh! I was so careless just now, so rude!" At this moment, Xiao Qiang spoke.&nbsp; "First of all, although I acquired FC Barcelona,&nbsp; I still have a huge business empire around the&nbsp;&nbsp; world. Therefore, I appointed Yang Yang, who is&nbsp; close to me, as the president of FC Barcelona to&nbsp;&nbsp; oversee the overall operation of the team." Yang Yang then stood up, smiled and nodded&nbsp;&nbsp; to everyone as a simple greeting. "Secondly, on the way to Barcelona,&nbsp;&nbsp; Yang Yang and I had a discussion and decided&nbsp; to appoint the reserve team coach Olaguardi&nbsp;&nbsp; as the Barcelona first team coach." He will be fully responsible for&nbsp;&nbsp; the team's training from now on. Immediately, everyone's eyes were&nbsp;&nbsp; focused on Oladipo, who himself was extremely&nbsp; excited, never expecting that surprises and&nbsp;&nbsp; unexpected events would come so suddenly. Laporta was surprised, but the team was no&nbsp;&nbsp; longer his, and he couldn't be bothered&nbsp; to interfere with Xiao Qiang's decision.&nbsp; Olaguardi immediately stood up, his&nbsp; expression invigorated, and said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mr. Xiao, Chairman Yang, thank you for your&nbsp; trust. I will certainly live up to your trust,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I will lead the team to achieve the goal of&nbsp; winning both the championships in the new season."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang smiled and nodded at him. "Okay, I believe Coach Olaguardi&nbsp;&nbsp; will not let me down." Furthermore, taking advantage&nbsp;&nbsp; of the winter training window, Yang Yang and&nbsp; Coach Oladipo immediately began recruitment&nbsp;&nbsp; efforts to strengthen the team's core. The two immediately nodded in agreement&nbsp;&nbsp; with Xiao Qiang's arrangement. "Alright, that's all I wanted to&nbsp;&nbsp; say for today. The specific arrangements will be&nbsp; discussed by Yang Yang and Coach Oladipo later."&nbsp; turned to look at Mei Xiaoxi.&nbsp; "Brother Mei, you've just recovered from&nbsp; your injury, so hurry up and get back&nbsp;&nbsp; into rehabilitation training. Barcelona won the&nbsp; title next season, and we can't do without you."&nbsp; Also, Chinese cuisine will&nbsp; definitely be a staple next season.&nbsp; After saying that, Xiao&nbsp; Qiang winked at Mei Xiaoxi.&nbsp; Mei Xiaoxi was also infected by the&nbsp; unconventional nature of the new young&nbsp;&nbsp; boss and started to laugh happily. "Don't worry, Xiao,&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll definitely win both championships." Xiao Qiang did not participate in the subsequent&nbsp;&nbsp; press conference. Since he had decided to let&nbsp; Yang Yang take control of the entire club, he&nbsp;&nbsp; might as well let go of him as soon as possible. Xiao Qiang went directly to the Barcelona stadium,&nbsp;&nbsp; where the Ariana sisters had been&nbsp; waiting for him for a long time.&nbsp; "Darling, was everything Alice&nbsp; told me last night true?"&nbsp; After Xiao Qiang approached the two sisters, he&nbsp; asked them the question directly. Ariana blushed&nbsp;&nbsp; slightly upon hearing this. Both sisters were&nbsp; in love with the same man, which was unusual,&nbsp;&nbsp; both in China and in the relatively open Europe. But since Ariana had made up her mind,&nbsp;&nbsp; she had no intention of running&nbsp; away any longer, so she stared&nbsp;&nbsp; at Xiao Qiang's eager eyes and nodded firmly. Alice, standing nearby, immediately chimed in,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Brother Xiao Qiang, see,&nbsp; I was telling the truth..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang didn't know whether&nbsp; he should be happy or sad.&nbsp; In this matter, I was more&nbsp; like a passive recipient.&nbsp; However, men often prioritize sex over&nbsp; love, so this isn't really a problem.&nbsp; Seeing that Xiao Qiang had tacitly agreed,&nbsp; Alice immediately took Xiao Qiang's right&nbsp;&nbsp; arm with both hands, while her sister Ariana&nbsp; also generously took Xiao Qiang's left arm.&nbsp; This scene was witnessed by the players who&nbsp; were doing physical training on the field,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they all looked on with envy and admiration. After walking around twice, Alice suddenly said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Brother Xiao Qiang, let's go back to the hotel.&nbsp; I want to play hide-and-seek with you too..."&nbsp; Ariana: "..."&nbsp; "Alice, I hope our first time together&nbsp; will be when we're both relaxed and&nbsp;&nbsp; have plenty of time. I have to catch a&nbsp; flight to China at 4 pm this afternoon,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we have our final exams early tomorrow&nbsp; morning. I have to go back no matter what..."&nbsp; So, let's do it next time! Alice's eyes showed a hint of disappointment,&nbsp;&nbsp; but she continued to plead, "It's only 11&nbsp; o'clock. Can't we finish this quickly in an hour?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang was speechless. Could he really&nbsp; feel good about finishing this quickly?&nbsp; "Alice, well... let me put it this way,&nbsp; I usually do at least 2 hours each time,&nbsp;&nbsp; and at least 2 sessions... so, this&nbsp; time is indeed not very ample."&nbsp; "If you don't believe me,&nbsp; you can ask your sister."&nbsp; Alice was both surprised and suspicious. Didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; the internet say that the strongest European&nbsp; and American men could only last for an hour?&nbsp; She turned to her sister, her eyes&nbsp; full of greeting, while Ariana blushed,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, he really is strong...&nbsp; He... what he said is all true..."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Alice's eyes&nbsp; instantly lit up with golden light,&nbsp;&nbsp; and she exclaimed in her heart, "Brother Xiao&nbsp; Qiang is truly a master in every aspect!"&nbsp; It's a pity that I can't&nbsp; verify it myself right now!&nbsp; "Okay, Brother Xiao Qiang,&nbsp; when can we... be together..."&nbsp; "Well, it's hard to say right now.&nbsp; Chinese New Year is coming up soon,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're very busy... Anyway, there will be&nbsp; plenty of opportunities in the future..."&nbsp; Alice nodded forlornly. In the afternoon, Xiao Qiang boarded a plane&nbsp; to Beijing, China, while the Ariana sisters&nbsp;&nbsp; also took the plane back to Switzerland. The flight arrived at Yanjing Airport at&nbsp;&nbsp; 2:30 a.m. Yanjing time. Fortunately, Xiao Qiang&nbsp; had fallen asleep as soon as he boarded the plane,&nbsp;&nbsp; so he did not feel sleepy at this time. "Brother Rui, thank you for coming to&nbsp;&nbsp; pick me up so late!" "Mr. Xiao, you're&nbsp;&nbsp; too kind! It's nothing at all..." "By the way, Rui, the next key step&nbsp;&nbsp; is to establish strong security intelligence&nbsp; points in Europe and the United States. Next,&nbsp;&nbsp; we need to expand overseas on a large&nbsp; scale, and intelligence must come first!"&nbsp; Su Rui nodded seriously. 7:30 in the morning! Xiao Qiang appeared&nbsp;&nbsp; right on time downstairs at Liu Qingyuan's&nbsp; dormitory building at Yenching University.&nbsp; Less than two minutes later, the familiar and&nbsp; beautiful woman appeared in Xiao Qiang's sight.&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan's long coat swayed gently, its&nbsp; dark hue exuding a noble air. A turtleneck&nbsp;&nbsp; sweater underneath provided warmth&nbsp; without compromising her elegance.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her long, slender legs were accentuated by her&nbsp; skinny jeans, creating a smooth silhouette. A&nbsp;&nbsp; pair of exquisite knee-high boots completed the&nbsp; look, making every step she took captivating. Chapter 199 A Frustrating Entrepreneurial Life When Xiao Qiang saw Liu Qingyuan come downstairs,&nbsp;&nbsp; he immediately went to greet her. "Qingyuan, have you lost weight?"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan asked in confusion, "No way!&nbsp; How can you tell I've lost weight..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang suddenly bent down and gave&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan a big princess carry,&nbsp;&nbsp; which made Liu Qingyuan's heart flutter. Previously, she and Xiao Qiang would at&nbsp;&nbsp; most hold hands or hug, but this&nbsp; kind of more intimate princess&nbsp;&nbsp; carry was something they had never done before. Liu Qingyuan looked at Xiao Qiang with a slightly&nbsp;&nbsp; shy expression and deep affection. During the&nbsp; time she was away, she often missed Xiao Qiang.&nbsp; Although the two occasionally make&nbsp; international calls, it's not very convenient,&nbsp;&nbsp; and hearing each other's voices but not seeing&nbsp; each other only intensifies their longing.&nbsp; "My Qingyuan hasn't lost weight!" After putting Liu Qingyuan down,&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said with a grin. Liu Qingyuan raised an eyebrow,&nbsp;&nbsp; a sly look flashing across her face, and feigned&nbsp; anger, saying, "So you think I'm too fat?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang broke out in a cold sweat, thinking&nbsp; to himself, "Damn it, he dug his own grave!"&nbsp; "My Qingyuan's figure is just right,&nbsp; neither too fat nor too thin...exuding&nbsp;&nbsp; the graceful and charming figure of a lady..." Liu Qingyuan burst out laughing, "You're quite&nbsp;&nbsp; smart... Let's go, stop joking around, hurry&nbsp; up and eat, then we'll go to the exam hall."&nbsp; After saying that, Liu Qingyuan looked&nbsp; at Xiao Qiang, whose hands were empty,&nbsp;&nbsp; and said, "I knew you didn't bring anything.&nbsp; Are you planning to hand in a blank paper or&nbsp;&nbsp; what? Here, this is a pencil case for you!" Xiao Qiang put on a grin and said, "I knew my&nbsp;&nbsp; Qingyuan would take care of all this for me..." Liu Qingyuan was about to tease Xiao Qiang again&nbsp;&nbsp; when she suddenly remembered something and&nbsp; said worriedly, "Xiao Qiang, you haven't&nbsp;&nbsp; even attended 10 classes this semester.&nbsp; How are you going to pass the exams..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang said mysteriously, "Haha, don't worry,&nbsp; didn't you know your man is a test genius?"&nbsp; "Back then, if I hadn't deliberately&nbsp; misspelled a word in the college entrance&nbsp;&nbsp; exam, I would have gotten a perfect score." When Liu Qingyuan first heard Xiao Qiang mention&nbsp;&nbsp; this, she was shocked and exclaimed, "Really?&nbsp; You leniently passed the college entrance exam?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang replied casually, "Of&nbsp; course it's true. Would I lie to you?"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan certainly didn't doubt the truth of&nbsp; the matter, but she felt it was too unbelievable.&nbsp; "But that only represents your high&nbsp; school grades. Do you know how many&nbsp;&nbsp; subjects we have to take this semester?" Xiao Qiang nodded, "Yes, I know, Gate 9!"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan was taken aback. "Wow! You actually&nbsp; knew that! That's equally unexpected..."&nbsp; She wanted to ask more, but Xiao&nbsp; Qiang interrupted her, "Qingyuan,&nbsp;&nbsp; hurry up and eat your food before you go to the&nbsp; exam hall. If you keep asking, you won't have&nbsp;&nbsp; time to eat..." Xiao Qiang never imagined that he could walk into&nbsp; the examination room with such a relaxed mindset,&nbsp;&nbsp; without worrying about how many points he would&nbsp; get. Because no matter how many points he got,&nbsp;&nbsp; none of the substitute teachers would fail him. Fu Hao, Mingxing, and the three Niu&nbsp;&nbsp; Bi brothers shared the same mindset. As soon as Xiao Qiang and Liu Qingyuan&nbsp;&nbsp; entered the examination room, they saw the&nbsp; three brothers fast asleep on the table.&nbsp; He walked over and tapped a few times&nbsp; on the table with the three of them,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the three of them opened their sleepy eyes. Fu Hao yawned and stretched, "Hey, Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; you finally showed up? We all thought you'd been&nbsp; sold to Mianbei and had your kidneys cut off..."&nbsp; The celebrities and Niu Bi nodded in agreement. "Hey? Hey you three, did you come&nbsp;&nbsp; here for the exam or to sleep?" By the way, where are your pens and tape?&nbsp; You don't really think that just showing&nbsp; up at the exam hall is enough, do you?&nbsp; The three of them slapped&nbsp; their foreheads in unison.&nbsp; "Oh dear! I was careless; I forgot I needed&nbsp; to bring a pen for the exam. My secretary&nbsp;&nbsp; always prepares them for me..." Xiao Qiang was speechless. "Why&nbsp;&nbsp; don't you just call your secretary&nbsp; over and give you a test instead..."&nbsp; Unexpectedly, Xiao Qiang's words&nbsp; immediately provoked public outrage.&nbsp; "Hey? You son of a bitch Xiaoqiang, how dare you&nbsp; gloat? Huaxia TCM Hospital is such a big company,&nbsp;&nbsp; do you know how many people the&nbsp; three of us have to deal with,&nbsp;&nbsp; how many things we have to handle, and how&nbsp; many meetings we have to attend every day?"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang listened to Fu Hao's "criticism"&nbsp; with a smile, then shook his head!&nbsp; Fu Hao looked at him with a disappointed&nbsp; expression, "Oh my god, Xiao Qiang,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're a proper general manager of Huaxia&nbsp; Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall!"&nbsp; You've done just fine, becoming&nbsp; a hands-off manager while Liu,&nbsp;&nbsp; the campus belle, is by your side. The three of us not only manage 8,000&nbsp;&nbsp; employees across the company, but also&nbsp; over 10,000 distributors, pharmacies,&nbsp;&nbsp; and hospitals worldwide, as well as more&nbsp; than 1,000 Chinese herbal medicine companies.&nbsp; Last night at midnight, we just finished&nbsp; formulating the next phase of the global promotion&nbsp;&nbsp; strategy for the Ice Skin Jade Face Lotion,&nbsp; and then drove for 7 hours straight to Yanjing.&nbsp; Do you think it's easy for us?! The celebrity classmates and Niu&nbsp;&nbsp; Bi classmates next to him nodded in agreement. Fu Hao continued, "Xiao Qiang, to put it bluntly,&nbsp;&nbsp; thanks to your efforts, the three of&nbsp; us get up earlier than the chickens&nbsp;&nbsp; and work harder than the oxen every day..." Sigh, it's all tears when I talk about it!&nbsp; In short, they're worse than pigs and dogs! As he listened to the three people's tragic&nbsp; stories, almost to the point of tears, Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; felt like he had become a ruthless exploiter. "Hey guys, are you really too&nbsp;&nbsp; exhausted to keep going?" The three nodded in unison.&nbsp; "How about we clear out your shares and&nbsp; you'll achieve financial freedom and start&nbsp;&nbsp; living the life of a retired rich young master?" (Note that after the second round of investment&nbsp;&nbsp; from Qiangsheng Investment, Xiao Qiang, Fu&nbsp; Hao, and the other three individuals each&nbsp;&nbsp; held 2% of the shares, while Qiangsheng&nbsp; Investment Group held 92% of the shares&nbsp;&nbsp; in Huaxia Traditional Chinese Medicine Hall.) Should I find three more people to do this work?&nbsp; stared at the three of them with a smile.&nbsp; The three of them were stunned! It was Niu and his brother who spoke first,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Look, capitalists are capitalists, trying&nbsp; to play the victim and gain sympathy."&nbsp; "Xiaoqiang, brother, I can still do it." Fu Hao and Mingxing exchanged a glance&nbsp;&nbsp; when they saw that Niu Bi, who was usually&nbsp; the loudest, was the first to betray them.&nbsp; Fu Hao: "Tired as it may be, that's just&nbsp; how it is, we were born to be bricklayers.&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang, I'm going to get back to&nbsp; bricklaying right after my exams..."&nbsp; Celebrity, "Me too..." "Here, one pen for everyone,&nbsp;&nbsp; don't hand in a blank paper..." University final exams are quite&nbsp; easy; you can take one exam in&nbsp;&nbsp; the morning and one in the afternoon. After the exam, Xiao Qiang chatted with&nbsp;&nbsp; his three brothers for a bit before&nbsp; accompanying Liu Qingyuan shopping.&nbsp; Because of the five-day exam, Xiao Qiang, Fu&nbsp; Hao, and their three brothers planned to stay&nbsp;&nbsp; in the dormitory and enjoy the wonderful&nbsp; university life together, so they weren't&nbsp;&nbsp; in a hurry to chat and joke around. In the cold winter, the frozen lake&nbsp;&nbsp; of Shichahai is covered with a thick&nbsp; layer of ice. Sunlight shines on the&nbsp;&nbsp; ice surface, reflecting a dazzling light. Xiao Qiang and Liu Qingyuan, dressed in&nbsp;&nbsp; thick down jackets, hats, and gloves, sat on&nbsp; an ice sled, ready to enjoy a pleasant time.&nbsp;&nbsp; Holding long ice sticks, they forcefully poked&nbsp; at the ice surface, propelling the sled forward.&nbsp; The ice sled sped across the ice,&nbsp; leaving deep tracks in its wake.&nbsp;&nbsp; Xiao Qiang and Liu Qingyuan laughed and&nbsp; joked, enjoying the thrill of the speed.&nbsp; The two of them played like children,&nbsp; completely absorbed in the game,&nbsp;&nbsp; even to the point of forgetting themselves... "Xiaoqiang, how did your exam go... You didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; hand in a blank paper, did you?" "How could I possibly hand in a&nbsp;&nbsp; blank paper? I knew all the answers and&nbsp; guessed all the right ones, don't worry!"&nbsp; "By the way, what's wrong&nbsp; with that old bastard Fan&nbsp;&nbsp; Zhengyang lately? Has he stopped bothering you?" Liu Qingyuan pouted, "No, not at all. I've been&nbsp;&nbsp; following your example lately, skipping classes&nbsp; all the time, I don't know what I'm doing..."&nbsp; Now that you mention this,&nbsp; something comes to mind.&nbsp; Ever since the welcome party, that beautiful&nbsp; host, senior Qin Zhaoyue, has been coming to&nbsp;&nbsp; your class to find you. Do you know each other?&nbsp; After speaking, Liu Qingyuan stared intently&nbsp; at Xiao Qiang, waiting for his answer. Chapter 200 Moutai vs. Sprite Xiao Qiang was shocked. "What&nbsp;&nbsp; does she want with me?" Liu Qingyuan shook her head,&nbsp;&nbsp; "My senior didn't say, but I have a&nbsp; feeling you two know each other before!"&nbsp; Xiao Qiang did not shy away from the&nbsp; story, and instead recounted how he had&nbsp;&nbsp; come to Yanjing last April and been used as&nbsp; a shield by Qin Zhaoyue at the Weiming Lake.&nbsp; Of course, he didn't dare mention the&nbsp; fact that he had kissed Qin Zhaoyue.&nbsp; "Wow! You two actually know each other? And you&nbsp; were even used as a shield by your senior. No&nbsp;&nbsp; wonder she came to find you." Xiao Qiang, tell me... what&nbsp;&nbsp; does your senior want to talk to you about? Could it be that your senior has a crush on you?&nbsp; After all, you stole the show at the welcome&nbsp; party last time; you've become the dream&nbsp;&nbsp; lover of every girl at Yanda University! "Wow! Really? Is it that exaggerated?"&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan pouted, "Of course it's true.&nbsp; You've been away from school for a day,&nbsp;&nbsp; and ever since the welcome party, every few&nbsp; days during breaks, pretty girls come to&nbsp;&nbsp; our classroom door and peer inside. The more&nbsp; outgoing girls will directly ask about you."&nbsp; "If a girl is introverted, she'll&nbsp; leave if you're not there..."&nbsp; Upon hearing this, Xiao Qiang grinned like a&nbsp; fool, "That just means your man is outstanding..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang took the opportunity to pull&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan into his arms, "Qingyuan..."&nbsp; "Um?" "Call me 'husband'..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang's voice was like a seductive&nbsp; melody, exuding a strong bewitching quality.&nbsp; Seeing Xiao Qiang gazing at her with such&nbsp; affection, Liu Qingyuan was momentarily&nbsp;&nbsp; captivated. Perhaps the atmosphere was just&nbsp; right, for she parted her red lips slightly&nbsp;&nbsp; and whispered, "Husband..." After she finished speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; she felt a slight tremor in her body,&nbsp; whether from the cold or nervousness.&nbsp; Holding the beauty in his arms, Xiao Qiang gazed&nbsp; at her red lips and white teeth, her alluring&nbsp;&nbsp; charm captivating. The beauty, perhaps knowing&nbsp; what was about to happen, slowly closed her eyes…&nbsp; Every movement of Liu Qingyuan unintentionally&nbsp; exuded a captivating charm, and Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; couldn't help but lean towards her red lips. At this moment, a urging voice abruptly&nbsp;&nbsp; woke the two from their pleasant mood. An elderly woman, over eighty years old,&nbsp;&nbsp; stood beside the two men, pointing to a long&nbsp; mat beneath them and saying, "Young men,&nbsp;&nbsp; please move aside. I'm going home, and this&nbsp; electric mat is mine; I need to take it..."&nbsp; Xiao Qiang stared at the mat under his&nbsp; buttocks, completely bewildered. Why the rush?&nbsp; The two men stood up awkwardly, and Xiao&nbsp; Qiang picked up a cushion and handed it&nbsp;&nbsp; to the grandmother, saying, "Here you go!" Grandma picked up the mat and strolled away,&nbsp;&nbsp; turning back after taking five steps. Young man and pretty young woman,&nbsp;&nbsp; excuse me for interrupting you, please continue… The two appeared extremely embarrassed. Xiao Qiang&nbsp;&nbsp; was speechless for a moment, and after this&nbsp; incident, Liu Qingyuan was even more ashamed.&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, let's go back..." What was supposed to be a sprint was disrupted.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang could only sigh,&nbsp; such a good opportunity.&nbsp; "Okay, let's go back to school..." After having hot pot near the school,&nbsp;&nbsp; the two reluctantly escorted Liu&nbsp; Qingyuan back to her dormitory.&nbsp; Room 301, Building 25, Yenching University! On the table between Fu Hao, Mingxing, and&nbsp;&nbsp; Niu Bi, there was a takeout order from Haidilao.&nbsp; On Fu Hao's table, there was also a bottle of&nbsp;&nbsp; 20-year-old Moutai and a bottle of Sprite. The three of them are now all worth over&nbsp;&nbsp; 100 million yuan, and eating hot pot&nbsp; and drinking Moutai every day is not&nbsp;&nbsp; a difficult thing for them. Fu Hao, with his computer on,&nbsp;&nbsp; was playing Red Alert, muttering curses under&nbsp; his breath... Whenever his mouth had a moment&nbsp;&nbsp; to spare, he would quickly grab a bite of hot&nbsp; pot and take a sip of Moutai mixed with Sprite.&nbsp; Meanwhile, the celebrities were gathered&nbsp; around Hao Niu Bi's computer desk,&nbsp;&nbsp; eating lamb rolls with sesame sauce as they&nbsp; watched an adult film starring Yoshizawa Akiho.&nbsp; The two of them would also occasionally&nbsp; offer their opinions and criticisms!&nbsp; Niu Bi picked up a glass filled with&nbsp; Moutai and Sprite. "Come on, brothers,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's have a drink to celebrate that we three&nbsp; brothers have finally become men today."&nbsp; Fu Hao: "Damn it... Holy crap, the Kirov&nbsp; is here! Tianqi tanks, take it down!"&nbsp; Celebrities, "Do...do it hard...do it..." These three brothers hadn't felt this&nbsp;&nbsp; relaxed and carefree in a long time. Playing video games? Watching adult&nbsp;&nbsp; films? Those are simply luxuries! So, after the three of them finished&nbsp;&nbsp; their exams and returned to their dorm,&nbsp; they looked at their incredibly familiar&nbsp;&nbsp; dorm and went straight to sleep. When they&nbsp; woke up at noon, they called Haidilao to&nbsp;&nbsp; have their food delivered to their homes. Breathing in the free air and doing what&nbsp;&nbsp; they love most, the three of them felt at that&nbsp; moment that college life was absolutely wonderful.&nbsp; This is perhaps the ultimate feeling of many&nbsp; college graduates after entering society.&nbsp; While in school, they didn't cherish the happy and&nbsp; carefree campus life they had, but instead thought&nbsp;&nbsp; about entering society to show their skills. But once they graduate and enter society,&nbsp;&nbsp; and experience its cold-bloodedness and deceit,&nbsp; they will miss the simple college life immensely.&nbsp; Xiao Qiang also staggered to the&nbsp; bottom of the dormitory building.&nbsp; On the way back, Xiao Qiang could clearly feel&nbsp; that people around him were talking about him&nbsp;&nbsp; after seeing him, and more than 50 girls&nbsp; even stopped him to take photos with him...&nbsp; After the group photo was taken, some people&nbsp; asked for his phone number or QQ number,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he politely declined them all. If so many people contact me in the&nbsp;&nbsp; future, I won't have to do anything... This caused Xiao Qiang's journey from&nbsp;&nbsp; Liu Qingyuan's dormitory building back to&nbsp; his own dormitory building, which usually&nbsp;&nbsp; takes 5 minutes, to take about an hour. This was only after he saw the number of&nbsp;&nbsp; students signing autographs and taking photos&nbsp; was getting bigger and bigger, and he hurriedly&nbsp;&nbsp; tried to find a way to get away. Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to&nbsp;&nbsp; get back to his dorm in another two hours. As soon as Xiao Qiang entered the room, he&nbsp;&nbsp; was overwhelmed by the familiar scene before him. Strangely, none of the three noticed him coming&nbsp;&nbsp; in; they were still intently&nbsp; staring at the computer.&nbsp; Helpless, Xiao Qiang roared, "Room check..." As soon as the sound rang out, the celebrity&nbsp;&nbsp; and Niu Bi immediately panicked, frantically&nbsp; pressing the pause button on the movie and&nbsp;&nbsp; then minimizing the window... After completing these two&nbsp;&nbsp; crucial steps, the two then turned their heads. "Holy crap! Xiaoqiang, what are you yelling about?&nbsp;&nbsp; You scared the living daylights out of me..." Fu Hao was much calmer. After all, the school&nbsp;&nbsp; wouldn't interfere with his gaming, but it&nbsp; would resolutely forbid anything that went&nbsp;&nbsp; against the school's values and principles. Fu Hao: "Quick, Xiao Qiang, let's log on and&nbsp;&nbsp; play two games together. My teammates are&nbsp; so bad, we can't even win with China..."&nbsp; "Okay, wait a moment, I'll turn it on..." During a break in filming, Xiao Qiang teased Niu&nbsp;&nbsp; Bi and Mingxing, "Whose movie are you watching&nbsp; now? Why are you both so agitated today..."&nbsp; Niu Bi, whose past had been&nbsp; exposed, chuckled sheepishly,&nbsp;&nbsp; "It's all old news, why bring it up again..." "Hey Xiaoqiang, when are you taking us to&nbsp;&nbsp; Japan? I really miss Akiho Yoshizawa, Aoi&nbsp; Sora, and Maki Hojo. I've already planned&nbsp;&nbsp; out how to talk to them..." Xiao Qiang paused, then said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Soon... Let's go together after the&nbsp; Spring Festival if we have the chance..."&nbsp; Niu Bi said earnestly, "Then it's settled... I&nbsp; believe you, Lord Yan won't lie to Lord Yan..."&nbsp; "Xiao Qiang, stop wasting time talking to that&nbsp; lecherous bastard Niu Bi, you're online..."

  Top Comments:
  1. @talkingtomheroes7560 [4 likes]: Wtf is this💀 (my friend see this)
  2. @charlessunkyst [1 likes]: What is this AI garbage, and how did I get here?
  3. @Jay_Mataji904: 13:25:27
  4. @havanascp9602: 4:06 lol
  5. @Jay_Mataji904: 11:48:38

- People Buy Feelings, Not Things: Kind: captions Language: en now Steve is a dear friend of mine and when he was building the win I'll never forget he was at my home in Sun Valley and just got to meet him it was New Year's and everybody else was standing watching the fireworks and I was sitting at the table and I was basically doing a brain melt sucking out of his brain everything I possibly could how do you think about this what do you do how do you market and here's what I learned from Steve people don't buy products they buy feelings people don't buy products they buy States people don't buy products identities and he and I went back and forth for about two and a half or three hours and became lifelong friends for the last decade and a half and what I learned from him is how many of you know the six human needs let me see your hands raise your if you know the six human needs so real quick for those who have never heard it before what's the first need that all human beings have it's not a goal it's not a desire it's a need what is it quick certainty everyone has a need for certainty that they can avoid pain or ideally they can have some pleasure but that's a survival Instinct if you have total certainty all the time you will feel completely what bored so what's the second human Eve quick uncertainty which other words for uncertainty is variety the need for surprise who here loves surprises say I well you like the surprises you want right surpris you don't want you call problems but you need them to to be alive and business pides plenty of variety right what's the third human need the need to feel significant significant is the third human need to feel significant unique special important significant who has the need to feel significant who who everybody what do people say I don't want to feel significant that's how they get significance by saying I don't need significance I'm more unique than you you have the significance I don't some people get significance by buying a $500,000 a million dollar car some people get significance by saying I don't spend any money I I I I don't need a nice car I'm so special I don't need a nice car it's called a reverse ego symbol same need they just go about it a different way but if you're totally significant and unique and special that feels good but then you feel alone because the fourth human need is Need for connection and love who needs connection and love everybody number and by the way those first needs everybody gets certainty uncertainty a variety significance even if you have to make up stories about yourself you'll find a way to feel significant right and a feeling of connection if not love the final two needs are the needs of the spirit you must grow is number five you grow or you if a business is not growing what is it doing that's a fact there's no such thing as a stable business you're growing or you're dying there's no Plateau that you can stay at and stick around and La lastly number six you got to grow and with what you grow you have to contribute because everything in the universe is either growing or dying everything universe is contributing or it's eliminated by Evolution if nothing else we're made for that now having said that when when I was with Steve that night I explained these six needs and as I'm explaining them he grabs me physically by the shoulder he goes that one that one and I just said significance he goes That's where I've made all of my money in my entire life he said people will pay disproportionately to feel significant than for any other need he said people will spend more money people want love but they think they'll get love if they're significant or at least they'll get laid if they're significant he said so I've built the most expensive hotels in the world world and I charge more than anybody else and even when Las Vegas in 2008 went through its draw down Steve kept his prices High Why why he wanted to still be the most special place he came to this seminar sat in the front row and I'm not there's almost nothing that makes me uncomfortable but I'm like what am I going to teach him but he sat in this event at lunch took me to lunch and he goes this is the most valuable session I've been in the last 10 years I know what I'm going to do this is in 20 it he said here's what I'm going to do I'm going to when all my competitors are shrinking right now because they're trying to survive I'm going to go build this giant Beach Club that goes right to Las Vegas Avenue I'm going to build this new entrance I'm going to up my services he said I'm going to do what you teach what is the fundamental success to becoming wealthy it's only one thing if you want to be wealthy you have to do more for your clients than who than anyone else you have to add more what that is the entire secret to wealth in business if you want it in one sentence it's simple do more for others than anyone else is doing add more value and you will own them and you will own the marketplace he goes you know I'm going to do Tony I'm gonna when everybody else is shrinking I'm going to add more value so all the high-end people are going to see I'm doing more and they're going to come to me and this down period is going to be the most important period of my entire career because when the economy comes back and those guys start giving Services I already own these people they're not going to leave me I'm their home you got to ask ask yourself what do I do to add more value and many of you think adding more value means cutting your prices or doing something of that nature sometimes adding value is raising your price it's crazy raising your price can increase your sales if it's the right piece now if you raise your price and do more no question that could be the right thing in some cases some of you your Market is the cheapest price maybe it's time to change that business model Because unless you're Walmart or Amazon or somebody that can do things that massive volume and lose money and sustain it you might need a thing called a margin if you're going to be successful in business you want a high margin High margins come from High human needs being met

  Top Comments:
  1. @RichardHarringtonOfficial [5 likes]: High margin comes from high needs being met! GOLD!!
  2. @DominikStolarz-i7f [2 likes]: Logic makes people think. Emotion makes them buy. This one hit the heart and the wallet. 💔🛍🧠
  3. @DrsHWolfenstein [2 likes]: "If you're not growing your dying" That sums up the unsustainable way we are squandering our planet.
  4. @DaniBZone [2 likes]: 🎯 Key points for quick navigation:

00:00:19 🛍️ People buy feelings, states, and identities rather than products.
00:00:47 🎯 The six human needs are certainty, uncertainty (variety), significance, connection & love, growth, and contribution.
00:01:01 📈 Total certainty can lead to boredom, thus people seek variety.
00:01:29 🌟 Significance is a vital human need; people find creative ways to feel significant.
00:01:57 🌀 People use different methods, even opposing ones, to achieve significance.
00:02:22 🌱 Growth and contribution are essential spiritual needs for fulfillment.
00:03:05 💸 Disproportionate spending on significance leads to business success.
00:03:44 🏖️ In tough times, focusing on high-end services can yield long-term loyalty.
00:04:24 🚀 Success in business comes from providing more value than competitors.
00:05:06 🔝 Sometimes, adding value means raising prices; high margins come from meeting high human needs.

Made with HARPA AI
  5. @reeveyoutubestrategy [1 likes]: 1/ Certainty: The need to feel secure, avoid pain, and experience comfort.
2/ Uncertainty/Variety: The need for change, surprise, and new stimuli to avoid boredom
3/ Significance: The need to feel unique, special, important, or needed
4/ Connection/Love: The need for closeness and a sense of belonging with others
5/ Growth: The requirement to constantly expand, learn, and improve
6/ Contribution: The desire to go beyond oneself and give to others
  6. @MarekŻuraw-r6q [1 likes]: This one hit me. Less polish, more personality — that’s the move. 🤝💬🧡
  7. @realtorrasheedkhan [1 likes]: Invest in Dubai Real estate for high ROI and Capital appreciation. There is no any income tax and now anyone who invest in Dubai real estate then can get a Golden Visa
  8. @ahover4693: You can’t pick someone’s brain…..not without injury.  You can, however, pick their mind.
  9. @dcikaruga: Read between the lines, he's just a scummy salesman, scamming people out there and giving them nothing back but making them feel better about themselves for a brief moment.
  10. @BuddhakumariRai: I Never thought you🙏🙏🙏😘😘 would have been able too much time⌚⌚⌚⌚⌚⌚ on my own place and
  11. @alexander1982miller: People buy a good product, more so at a good price
  12. @Hydrosized: U right Tony
  13. @AustinGrant-g8m: I used your tips and people were already asking when I’d open spots—before I pitched!
  14. @kjata77: Tony, that is the opposite of "evolution". Everything deteriorates, not "evolves". You don't evolve, you overcome & grow... despite obstacles.
  15. @Ixabella: Isn't this the guy that was accused of sexual harassing his fans? Why would my teacher give me this clip?
  16. @sc14tokyomegalopolis14: Wonderful insights! Thank you Tony!
What presentation is this clip from?
  17. @jayallen6862: Pause
  18. @honeynasehah5438: Deal🇲🇾
  19. @dwzm: 4:45 but it’s nice messaging
  20. @dwzm: 4:20 If this were actually true I would have been one of the wealthiest people in the world, and I would have owned the marketplace by now. 🤭

- Black Receptionist Told “You Can’t Afford This Hotel” — Then the Owner Hugged Her: Kind: captions Language: en You need to leave before security embarrasses you. The sentence cracked through the marble lobby so sharply that even the pianist near the lounge bar stopped playing for half a second. Every conversation inside the Whitmore Grand Hotel seemed to freeze in place. Guests carrying leather luggage slowed their steps. A couple near the check-in desk turned around. Someone lowered their coffee cup midsip. And standing in the center of it all was Naomi Carter. 28 years old. Black woman, gray hoodie, faded jeans, white sneakers slightly worn at the Sauls. She didn't look angry. She didn't even look surprised. She just stood there holding a silver hotel key card between two fingers like it belonged to another lifetime. Vanessa Cole folded her arms tighter behind the reception counter, the gold name plate on her blazer catching the chandelier light as she looked Naomi up and down with open disgust. "Ma'am," she said louder this time, making sure nearby guests could hear every word. "This hotel starts at $900 a night. We have people here who actually paid to stay." A few uncomfortable laughs escaped from somewhere near the concierge desk. Naomi slowly lifted her eyes toward Vanessa. calm, steady. The kind of calm that unsettled people who expected a fight. "I'm not here to book a room," she replied quietly. Vanessa smirked immediately like she'd want something. "Then you definitely shouldn't be wandering around the property." Two businessmen standing near the elevators exchanged glances. One whispered, "Damn," the other looked away. Naomi's fingers tightened slightly around the old key card. "Room 8:14." The faded numbers were barely visible now after years of scratches and wear, but she could still feel the weight of it in her palm, the memory attached to it. The lobby lights reflected softly across the polished floors while outside. Rain streaked against the giant front windows overlooking downtown Chicago. The Whitmore Grand looked exactly the same as it had 10 years ago. Same crystal chandeliers, same black marble columns, same scent of expensive perfume floating through the air. Only Naomi had changed. A young Bellman pushing a luggage cart slowed when he noticed the card in her hand. His forehead tightened slightly, like he recognized something. But before he could speak, Vanessa leaned farther over the counter. "Look," she said impatiently. "We already have enough problems downtown without random people walking and pretending they belong here." "That word landed hard." "Belong?" Naomi looked around the lobby slowly at the polished walls, at the gold elevator doors, at the staircase curling upward beneath warm amber light. Her eyes stopped briefly on the eighth floor balcony above. Something flickered across her face. Not anger, something heavier, like grief wearing expensive silence. Then Vanessa noticed the key card. Wait, she snapped, pointing. Where did you get that? Naomi looked down at it. It's mine. Vanessa laughed immediately. No, sweetheart. That's hotel property. Several guests were openly watching now. Phones beginning to rise. A woman near the entrance whispered to her husband. This feels wrong. Naomi exhaled softly through her nose. Still calm, still motionless. I came back for one reason, she said quietly. I didn't come here to be insulted. Vanessa stepped out from behind the counter now, heels clicking sharply against marble. And I'm telling you, she replied coldly. People like you don't just walk into places like this holding stolen key cards. The lobby air changed instantly. Thicker, heavier. The kind of silence that arrives right before something breaks. Naomi lowered her eyes to the silver card again. Room 8:14. Her thumb brushed against the scratched corner slowly. Then, almost to herself, she whispered, "Some people remember a hotel." Her eyes lifted back toward the eighth floor balcony. and some people remember who saved their life there. Vanessa Cole stared at Naomi Carter like she was trying to solve a problem that should not exist inside a five-star hotel. The lobby noise had returned, but softer now, controlled. Guests still whispered behind lowered voices while rain tapped steadily against the giant glass windows facing Michigan Avenue. Naomi remained exactly where she was, one hand wrapped around the old silver keycard, her posture calm enough to make. everyone else uncomfortable. Vanessa folded her arms again. You still have not explained why you are here. Naomi looked toward the elevators instead of answering. The gold doors reflected the chandelier light in soft waves across the marble floor. Floor 8. Her eyes lingered there for half a second too long. Vanessa noticed immediately. Do not tell me you were trying to get upstairs. Naomi finally spoke. I used to know this place better than anyone. Vanessa let out a short laugh. That is not how memories work, sweetheart. People like you visit places like this. You do not belong to them. The sentence settled over the lobby like smoke. Near the concierge desk, a young couple stopped pretending not to listen. A man in a navy overcoat slowly lowered his newspaper and standing beside a luggage cart near the elevators. An older bellman named Samuel Reed had gone completely still. His eyes were fixed on the card in Naomi's hand. Room 8:14. He recognized the scratches near the corner instantly. 10 years had passed, but some things did not disappear. Naomi shifted slightly, looking around the lobby as if pieces of the past were still hidden inside it. The piano near the lounge bar, the black marble staircase, the old brass clock hanging above reception. Every detail set exactly where she remembered. At 18 years old, she had once crossed this same floor wearing a borrowed housekeeping uniform two sizes too big. Back then, she worked overnight shifts, cleaning empty conference rooms for barely more than minimum wage. She remembered sneaking coffee from the employee kitchen at 3:00 in the morning just to stay awake. She remembered sitting alone on the eighth floor hallway after crying quietly enough so nobody would hear. Most of all, she remembered the night she almost left Chicago forever. Vanessa snapped her fingers once in front of Naomi's face. Are you listening? Naomi blinked slowly, pulled back from the memory. Perfectly. Vanessa stepped closer, lowering her voice, but not enough to hide the contempt inside it. Then listen carefully. Guests are starting to complain. You are making people uncomfortable. Naomi looked around the lobby again. Nobody seemed uncomfortable except Vanessa. A woman near the fireplace had her phone halfway raised now. Another guest whispered, "This is getting ugly." Samuel finally moved from beside the elevator. "Slow steps, careful steps." His eyes never left Naomi. "Excuse me," he said quietly. Vanessa turned sharply. Samuel, stay out of this. But the older Bellman ignored her completely. His forehead tightened as he looked at Naomi more carefully. "Older now, stronger." But the eyes were the same. The silence between them stretched for one strange second. Then Samuel looked down at the silver key card again and his expression changed completely. Not confusion, recognition. Real recognition. Naomi noticed it immediately. Samuel's voice came out barely above a whisper. Room 8:14. Vanessa rolled her eyes impatiently. It is an old stolen card. Samuel looked at her sharply for the first time all night. No, he said slowly. That room was never ordinary. Naomi lowered her gaze for a moment. The rain outside grew heavier, streaking the city lights into blurred gold across the windows. Then Samuel looked back at her again, and this time his voice carried something close to disbelief. "Naomi," he said softly. "After all these years, you came back." "The moment Samuel Reed said her name, the atmosphere inside the Whitmore Grand shifted again. Not loudly, not suddenly, more like the slow crack of pressure building beneath glass." Vanessa Cole looked between them with visible irritation. "You know her?" she asked sharply. "Samuel kept staring at Naomi like he was seeing a ghost walk back into the building." "Everybody on night staff knew Naomi," he said quietly. "Back then?" Vanessa laughed once under her breath. "Back then?" She folded her arms tighter. "Samuel, she is standing in the middle of the lobby holding stolen hotel property." Naomi said nothing. Her eyes remained fixed on Samuel, calm but guarded. The older Bellman swallowed hard before speaking again. "That card belongs to room 8:14." Vanessa threw her hands up. "Yes, we all heard the room number." Samuel ignored her. Mr. Whitmore himself approved that room. The words landed differently this time. A few guests exchanged glances. The woman near the fireplace lowered her phone slightly, listening closer now. Vanessa's expression tightened. The owner does not hand out penthouse suites to random people. Samuel looked at her carefully. Naomi was never random. Silence followed immediately. Naomi lowered her gaze toward the marble floor as if the sentence carried more weight than she wanted anyone to see. Rain hammered harder against the windows now, turning the city outside into streaks of silver and gold. A young valet near the entrance whispered, "What is happening?" Nobody answered him. Vanessa stepped closer to Samuel, lowering her voice. You need to stop before you create a scene. Samuel finally straightened his posture. The scene started before she walked in. That sentence cut deeper than he intended. Several guests looked directly at Vanessa now. A businessman standing beside the elevators slowly shook his head. Naomi exhaled softly through her nose, still composed, still refusing to defend herself. And somehow that silence made the room more uncomfortable by the second. Vanessa turned back toward Naomi. Fine, she snapped. Tell everybody then. Why are you here? Naomi looked past her toward the staircase again. I came to see someone. Who? Vanessa asked immediately. Naomi hesitated for the first time. Just one second. Edward Whitmore. The reaction was instant. Vanessa laughed loudly enough for half the lobby to hear the owner. She looked around at the guests like she expected them to laugh with her. A few did nervously. You expect anyone to believe that? Naomi did not respond. Samuel did. Mr. Whitmore cared about her. Vanessa spun toward him again. Enough. But Samuel's face had already changed. He was remembering 10 winters earlier. Snow covering the sidewalks outside the hotel. Naomi sitting alone near the employee entrance after midnight with red eyes and nowhere to go. Samuel remembered Edward Whitmore stepping out of a black town car that night and stopping when he saw her crying. He remembered the conversation afterward. Quiet, private, human, then room 8:14 suddenly staying occupied for months under an executive override. Nobody was allowed to question. Samuel remembered every bit of it. Vanessa noticed the look on his face and her confidence flickered for the first time. This is ridiculous, she muttered. Mr. Whitmore is in meetings all day. Naomi nodded slowly. I know. Then how exactly were you planning to see him? Vanessa asked. Naomi looked down at the silver key card again, rubbing the edge softly with her thumb. He told me if I ever came back, she said quietly. I would always have a place here. The sentence settled over the lobby like falling snow. A guest near the concierge desk whispered. Oh my god. Vanessa scoffed immediately, but the sound lacked confidence now. People say all kinds of things. Naomi finally lifted her eyes directly to hers. Calm, unshaken. Not him. At that exact moment, the gold elevator doors opened behind them with a soft metallic chime, and every head in the lobby turned toward the sound. The elevator doors slid open with a soft metallic sound that somehow silenced the entire lobby faster than a shouted command ever could. for people stepped out first. Two men in dark suits, a woman carrying a leather portfolio. Then finally, Edward Whitmore appeared behind them. 71 years old, silver hair, navy overcoat draped over one arm. The kind of presence that changed a room without effort. Conversation stopped instantly. Staff members straightened their posture on instinct. Even Vanessa Cole took half a step backward before forcing herself to recover. Edward looked distracted at first, focused on the conversation beside him as he adjusted the cuff of his shirt. Then his eyes lifted casually toward the front desk, and everything about him froze completely. His body stopped midstep, his expression emptied like the world had suddenly disappeared around him. Naomi Carter stood motionless near the center of the lobby, still holding the silver key card loosely in her hand. For one strange second, neither of them moved. The chandelier light reflected softly across the marble floor between them while rain continued sliding down the giant windows behind the lobby entrance. Edward's face changed slowly. Shock first, then disbelief, then something deeper. Something emotional enough that several guests noticed it immediately. No way. A man near the elevators whispered under his breath. Vanessa glanced nervously between them. "Mr. Whitmore, she said quickly, forcing a smile onto her face. We were just handling a situation involving an unauthorized. Edward ignored her completely. His eyes never left Naomi. Naomi, he said softly. The sound of her name in his voice did something to the room. Samuel Reed lowered his head immediately like he already knew what was coming. Naomi swallowed once before answering. Hi, Edward. Not Mr. Whitmore. Not sir. Edward. The familiarity hit the lobby harder than a scream could have. Vanessa's face lost color instantly. Edward stepped forward slowly at first, like he was afraid the moment might disappear if he moved too fast. "My God," he whispered. "It is really you," Naomi tried to smile, but emotion tightened the corners of her mouth before it fully formed. "It has been a while," Edward let out a quiet breath that almost sounded like relief breaking apart inside his chest. Then suddenly he closed the distance between them completely and wrapped both arms around her in the middle of the lobby. Gasps spread across the room immediately. Phones lifted higher. One woman covered her mouth with both hands. Naomi closed her eyes for one second as Edward held her tightly like someone finally finding a missing piece of their life after years of searching. "You came back," he whispered shakily. "After all this time, you actually came back." Vanessa looked physically frozen behind the front desk. Her mouth opened slightly, but no words came out. Samuel turned away briefly, rubbing a hand across his eyes before looking back. Edward finally stepped back enough to look at Naomi's face again. His eyes were glassy now. Real emotion. Uncontrolled emotion. "Do you have any idea how many times I asked about you?" he said quietly. Naomi lowered her gaze. I did not think anyone would remember. Edward stared at her in disbelief. remember? He shook his head slowly. Naomi, this hotel remembers you because I made sure it would. The silence in the lobby deepened again. Vanessa suddenly tried to regain control. Mr. Whitmore, she interrupted carefully. There seems to be some misunderstanding involving this woman and stolen hotel property. Edward turned his head toward her slowly. The warmth vanished from his expression instantly. Stolen, he repeated. Vanessa forced a nervous smile. She arrived holding an old executive key card and refused to leave the property. Edward looked down at the silver card in Naomi's hand. The scratches, the faded numbers. Room 8:14. His jaw tightened visibly. Then he looked back at Vanessa with a calmness far more dangerous than anger. That key card, he said slowly, was issued personally by me. Nobody in the lobby moved. Nobody even breathed loudly. Edward took the card gently from Naomi's hand and held it up under the chandelier light. "10 years ago," he said quietly. "This young woman saved my family during the worst night of our lives. The lobby stood completely still after Edward Whitmore's words. Nobody reached for luggage. Nobody spoke above a whisper. Even the pianist near the lounge bar had stopped touching the keys entirely." Vanessa Cole looked trapped behind the front desk now, her confidence collapsing inch by inch beneath the weight of every eye in the room. Edward still held the old silver key card carefully in his hand as though it belonged in a museum instead of a pocket. 10 years ago, he repeated quietly, "My granddaughter almost died inside this hotel." The sentence landed heavily across the marble lobby. Several guests exchanged stunned looks immediately. Naomi lowered her eyes toward the floor, already uncomfortable with the attention. Edward noticed. He always noticed. There was a winter storm that night. He continued softly. Power outages all across downtown Chicago. Half the elevators were malfunctioning. Staff was overwhelmed. Security was stretched thin. And my granddaughter Lily wandered away from a charity event on the eighth floor. Samuel Reed closed his eyes briefly as the memory returned. He remembered the panic spreading through the hotel that night. The search teams, the frantic phone calls. Edward Whitmore running through hallways without his coat while Snow hammered against the windows. Outside, Edward looked at Naomi again, emotion tightening his voice. Nobody could find her. The lobby remained silent except for rain sliding against the glass entrance doors. She had hidden herself in one of the maintenance corridors near the old east stairwell. Frightened, alone, the heating system had partially failed on that floor. Edward paused, swallowing hard before continuing. And while executives, managers, and security teams searched everywhere else, he looked directly at Naomi. A 19-year-old overnight cleaning assistant found her. Several people in the lobby visibly reacted. One woman whispered, "Oh my god, Naomi shifted uncomfortably beneath the attention." "Edward," she said quietly. You do not have to. Yes, he interrupted gently. I do. His voice never rose, but the emotion inside it pulled the entire room closer. You stayed with Lily for almost 2 hours while the storm trapped sections of the building. You wrapped her in your own coat. You kept her calm until maintenance reopened the stairwell. Vanessa's face had gone completely pale now. Edward looked back toward the guests surrounding them. When I finally reached that corridor, he said quietly. My granddaughter was asleep against Naomi's shoulder. The sentence settled over the room like something sacred. Naomi closed her eyes briefly as the memory returned all at once. 19 years old, exhausted, underpaid, alone in a city that barely noticed her existence. Yet somehow still sitting on a cold maintenance floor, comforting a terrified little girl. while snow rattled against the windows outside. Edward's voice softened further. Afterward, I asked her what she wanted in return. Naomi immediately shook her head. Please do not. But Edward smiled sadly. She asked for nothing. Several guests looked at Naomi differently now. Not curiosity anymore. Respect. Real respect. Edward turned the silver key card slowly between his fingers. So I gave her room. 8:14. Vanessa blinked rapidly. You let an employee stay in the penthouse. Edward looked at her sharply. I gave shelter to someone who deserved kindness. Silence again. Heavy silence. Naomi finally spoke quietly. My mother had just passed away. The words barely rose above a whisper, but the lobby heard every syllable. I had nowhere else to go. Samuel lowered his head again, visibly emotional now. Edward nodded slowly. She slept in that room for almost 6 months while finishing school and working overnight shifts here. The guests standing nearby looked stunned. One businessman muttered and they tried to throw her out. Vanessa looked around nervously as more phones lifted toward her. Edward stepped closer to Naomi again, his expression softening immediately. Then one morning, he said quietly. She disappeared without saying goodbye. Naomi looked toward the raincovered windows. I did not want charity forever. Edward smiled sadly. It was never charity. His eyes moved slowly across the entire lobby now across the marble floors, the chandeliers, the front desk where Naomi had been humiliated only minutes earlier. Then his expression hardened just enough for the room to feel it. And yet somehow, he said calmly, "The woman who once protected my family walked back into this hotel tonight and was treated like she did not belong here." The silence after Edward Whitmore's last sentence felt heavier than the rainstorm outside. Nobody in the lobby seemed willing to move first. Guests stood frozen beside rolling suitcases. Staff members avoided eye contact. Even the piano player near the lounge bar kept his hands suspended above the keys like he no longer trusted the room enough to make noise inside it. Naomi Carter remained calm at the center of everything, but her fingers tightened slightly around the sleeve of her gray hoodie as old memories continued pressing against her chest. Edward noticed immediately. He always had. "You should not have walked into this alone," he said softly to her. Naomi gave a small, tired smile. "I did not come here to make trouble." Vanessa Cole finally found her voice again, though it sounded smaller now. "Mr. for Whitmore. If there has been some misunderstanding, I can explain. Edward turned toward her slowly. The warmth disappeared from his face again. "Good," he replied calmly. "Because I would love to hear why the woman who protected my granddaughter was treated like a criminal in my hotel lobby." Vanessa swallowed hard. She arrived dressed casually and refused to identify herself properly. Several guests reacted immediately. One woman near the fireplace laughed in disbelief. A man beside the elevators muttered. That is your explanation? Naomi closed her eyes briefly. Same story, different building, different decade. She remembered another hotel years earlier in Milwaukee after graduating college. She had arrived for a management interview carrying one suitcase and wearing discount store clothes because rent had emptied her bank account. The receptionist there had assumed she was lost before she even spoke. She remembered sitting alone in the restroom afterward, trying not to cry before the interview even started. The memory still lived under her skin like old bruises no one else could see. Edward's voice cut gently into her thoughts. Naomi. She looked up. You should have called me. Naomi shook her head. I heard you were sick last year. Edward smiled faintly. I survived. Then his expression softened further. Barely. Something painful moved across Naomi's face for half a second. Genuine concern. Edward noticed that too. "You still care about everybody except yourself," he said quietly. Vanessa stood rigid behind the desk, desperate to regain control slipping further away every second. "Sir," she interrupted carefully. "Security protocol exists for a reason." Edward nodded once. "Yes, to protect guests." His eyes sharpened slightly, not humiliate them. Phones were fully raised throughout the lobby now. Nobody hid it anymore. A young man near the entrance whispered while filming. "This woman literally saved his family and they almost threw her out." "Samuel Reed stepped closer beside Naomi." "Mr. Whitmore," he said carefully. "There is something else you should know." Vanessa immediately stiffened. Samuel, but he continued anyway. Before you arrived, security was about to escort her out. Edward's jaw tightened visibly. escort her out. Naomi looked down quietly. She hated scenes. Always had. It is fine, she murmured. Edward looked at her in disbelief. "No, it is not." The calmness in his voice carried more force than shouting ever could. Vanessa quickly stepped forward. Nobody touched her. Edward looked at Naomi instead of Vanessa. "Did they make you feel unwelcome?" The question landed softly, but the entire lobby leaned into the answer. Naomi hesitated. Rain rolled down the giant windows behind her while Chicago traffic blurred into streaks of white and red outside. Finally, she spoke quietly. The moment I walked through the door, nobody in the lobby could pretend not to understand what she meant. Edward closed his eyes briefly like the answer physically heard him. Then he opened them again and turned slowly toward the reception desk. "Vanessa," he said calmly. "How long have you worked here?" "Almost 6 years," she answered quickly. Edward nodded once. Then 6 years is long enough to know the difference between appearance and character. Vanessa's face tightened. Sir, I was trying to protect the reputation of the hotel. Edward stepped closer to the front desk now. Quiet, controlled, dangerous in the way powerful people become when disappointment replaces anger. This hotel's reputation, he said slowly, was built by people exactly like Naomi Carter. The lobby fell silent all over again. Then Edward looked toward the elevators and spoke words nobody expected. Prepare room 8:14. Every staff member nearby froze instantly. Samuel blinked in shock. Vanessa stared at him. Sir, that suite has been closed for years. Edward looked back toward Naomi softly. Then tonight, he said, "We open it again." The moment Edward Whitmore ordered room 8:14 reopened, the energy inside the lobby shifted completely. staff members who had spent the last 20 minutes avoiding Naomi Carter's eyes suddenly moved with nervous urgency. One employee hurried toward the service elevators. Another reached for a radio with trembling hands. The old suite on the eighth floor had remained untouched for years, almost like a preserved memory nobody was brave enough to disturb. Vanessa Cole stood frozen behind the front desk as the reality of the situation settled over her in slow, painful waves. Naomi watched the chaos quietly, uncomfortable with every second of attention, now focused on her. Edward, she said softly. You really do not have to do all this. Edward turned toward her with visible disbelief. Naomi, I spent 10 years wondering if you were alive. The sentence hit harder than anyone expected. Naomi looked away immediately toward the raincovered windows. Outside, headlights crawled through downtown Chicago while thunder rolled faintly above the skyline. Edward lowered his voice. One day you were here every night. Then suddenly you vanished. Samuel Reed stepped closer carefully. Nobody knew where she went. Sir. Edward nodded slowly. I hired investigators for months. Vanessa's eyes widened slightly at that. Naomi looked genuinely shocked. You did not need to do that. Edward smiled sadly. I disagreed. The lobby remained silent except for distant rain and the soft hum of elevators moving through the building. A woman near the fireplace lowered her phone briefly, visibly emotional now. Another guest whispered, "This feels like a movie." But for Naomi, none of it felt cinematic. It felt exhausting. She remembered leaving Chicago at 20 years old with two duffel bags and $83 in her checking account. She remembered working double shifts at a diner in Indianapolis while finishing community college classes online. She remembered sleeping 4 hours a night because survival did not leave room for dreams. And through all those years, she never contacted Edward Whitmore once, not because she forgot him, because pride can sometimes look a lot like loneliness. Edward looked carefully at her face now, like he could still read emotions she tried to hide. "You still disappear when life hurts," he said quietly. Naomi laughed softly under her breath. Some habits survive. That small moment of honesty softened the tension around them for one brief second. Then Vanessa spoke again, desperate and uncertain all at once. "Mr. Whitmore," she interrupted carefully. "I truly did not know who she was." Edward turned toward her slowly. "That," he replied calmly, "is exactly the problem." The words sliced through the lobby with surgical precision. Vanessa swallowed hard. Sir, I was following procedure. Edward shook his head faintly. Procedure does not explain contempt. Nobody defended her this time. Not the staff. Not the guests. Not even herself. Naomi stepped in gently before the silence became cruer than necessary. Edward, she said softly. Let it go. He looked back at her immediately. You always do that. Do what? Naomi asked. Protect people who never protected you. The sentence landed heavily between them. Naomi lowered her gaze again without answering. Samuel looked visibly emotional now, remembering every overnight shift she worked without complaint. Every extra task she accepted, every quiet kindness nobody rewarded because nobody important noticed. Until Edward Whitmore did. The elevator chimed softly again behind them as an assistant manager hurried across the lobby carrying a fresh velvet room folder with gold trim. He stopped nervously in front of Edward. "Sir," he said quietly. "Room 8:14 is ready." Edward accepted the folder without looking away from Naomi. "Good." Then he handed it directly to her. Naomi stared down at the gold lettering on the cover, suddenly speechless. The entire lobby watched silently as her fingers brushed across the folder like she was touching the past itself. Edward smiled softly. "Welcome home, Naomi." Her eyes glistened immediately, but she blinked the emotion away before tears could fully form. Vanessa noticed, so did everybody else, and somehow that quiet restraint made the moment even heavier. Naomi finally looked up at Edward and whispered the one thing nobody in the room expected. I almost did not walk through those doors tonight. Edward's expression tightened instantly. Why? Naomi glanced briefly toward the reception desk before answering. Because places like this stopped feeling safe for people like me a long time ago. The lobby fell completely silent again. This time not from shock, from shame. Naomi Carter's words lingered in the lobby long after she stopped speaking because for people like me a long time ago. Nobody rushed to defend themselves after that. Nobody even tried. The truth had settled too heavily across the marble floors for excuses to survive beneath it. Edward Whitmore looked around slowly at the hotel he had spent 40 years building. The chandeliers still glowed warm above the lobby. The piano still sat polished beside the lounge bar. Expensive perfume still floated softly through the air. But for the first time in years, the place suddenly looked different to him. Not luxurious, not elegant, blind. Vanessa Cole shifted uncomfortably behind the front desk while dozens of eyes remained fixed on her. She looked smaller now than she had 20 minutes earlier when she stood confidently judging Naomi by her clothes and silence. Mr. Whitmore, she began carefully. I never intended to disrespect her. Edward looked at her calmly. Intentions do not erase impact. The sentence landed with brutal precision. Naomi quietly touched the gold room folder in her hands, almost like grounding herself in something real while the entire lobby stared at her. She hated attention. always had." Edward noticed the discomfort in her posture immediately. "You still try to shrink yourself when rooms get loud," he said softly. Naomi smiled faintly without humor. "Sometimes it keeps you safe." The honesty in her voice unsettled several guests nearby. A middle-aged woman standing near the entrance slowly lowered her phone and whispered to her husband, "She is talking about survival." Samuel Reed looked toward the floor, ashamed that he understood exactly what Naomi meant. He had watched people underestimate her for months back, then simply because she cleaned floors at night instead of wearing a business suit during the day. Edward stepped closer beside Naomi again. "What happened after you left Chicago?" he asked quietly. Naomi hesitated. The rain outside had softened now, but water still streaked down the tall windows facing the city streets. Life happened," she answered gently. Edward smiled sadly. "That usually means pain." Naomi looked down briefly before answering. "Some of it." The lobby remained silent enough to hear glasses clink softly from the restaurant bar in the distance. "I worked wherever people would hire me," she continued quietly. "Rests, call centers, cleaning offices overnight." Vanessa stared at Naomi with growing disbelief. Edward listened carefully without interrupting. Eventually, I finished school. A small smile touched Naomi's face this time. Real but tired. Business administration. Samuel looked stunned. You went back to school. Naomi nodded once. Took me 7 years. One guest quietly murmured. Wow. Edward's eyes softened with unmistakable pride. And now, Naomi hesitated again. Now I run a nonprofit housing program in Indianapolis. The sentence visibly shifted the room again. Vanessa blinked hard. Edward smiled immediately. Of course you do. Naomi laughed softly under her breath. I remembered what it felt like not having a safe place to sleep. Nobody in the lobby missed the connection between those words and room 8:14. Several guests visibly looked emotional now. Edward slowly turned toward the front desk again, his expression sharpening with disappointment more than anger. Do you understand what happened here tonight? He asked Vanessa quietly. She swallowed heart. Yes, sir. Edward shook his head faintly. No, you recognize clothing before humanity. That means you still do not understand. The silence afterward felt surgical, clean, precise. Vanessa's eyes lowered toward the desk for the first time all evening. Edward continued calmly. This hotel was built to make people feel seen. His gaze moved across the lobby. Not inspected. Naomi touched his arm gently before the moment could grow cruer. Edward. He looked back at her instantly, softening again. "What?" Naomi glanced around at the crowd of guests filming, watching, whispering. "Please do not destroy somebody's career because they made assumptions about me." Vanessa looked up in shock. So did everyone else. Edward stared at Naomi for several seconds before quietly shaking his head in disbelief. "After everything tonight," he said softly, "you are still protecting the person who humiliated you." Naomi looked toward the raincovered windows again. "No," she answered quietly. "I am protecting the version of myself that used to walk into rooms, praying somebody would choose kindness instead." The lobby fell completely silent once more. This time, even the air itself seemed to stop moving. For several long seconds after Naomi Carter spoke, nobody inside the Whitmore Grand seemed capable of saying anything at all. Her words hung in the air heavier than the storm clouds still drifting beyond the Chicago skyline outside the windows. I am protecting the kindness instead. The sentence settled into people differently. Some lowered their eyes, some stopped filming. Others looked at Naomi with the kind of respect that only comes after shame forces honesty into a room. Edward Whitmore stared at her quietly, emotion pulling against the edges of his expression. Then slowly he nodded to himself like he had just remembered something important about the world. That he said softly is exactly why you belonged here long before any of us did. Naomi looked away immediately, uncomfortable with praise the same way she had always been. Samuel Reed smiled faintly through damp eyes near the elevators. Even some of the younger staff members standing behind the concierge desk looked visibly shaken by everything they had witnessed. Vanessa Cole finally stepped away from the front counter. No confidence left, no performance left, just a woman standing in the middle of consequences she never expected to face publicly. She looked at Naomi carefully before speaking. I was wrong. The lobby stayed silent. Vanessa swallowed hard. I judged you before you even spoke. Naomi did not answer immediately. Rain slid quietly down the windows while headlights shimmerred across the marble floor in reflections of gold and white. Finally, Naomi nodded once. Most people do. The honesty in her voice hurt more than anger would have. Edward looked around the lobby slowly. Guests still stood watching. Phones still hovered near faces. The entire hotel had become a mirror no one could avoid anymore. Tonight, he said calmly. Every person in this lobby witnessed something bigger than bad customer service. His eyes moved toward the reception desk. They witnessed what happens when assumptions become policy. Nobody challenged him because nobody could. Vanessa lowered her head. Edward continued quietly. Luxury means nothing if dignity is missing from the room. A few guests nodded immediately. One older woman softly whispered. Exactly. Naomi looked toward the elevators leading to the eighth floor. Room 8:14 waited somewhere above them. The same room where she once cried herself to sleep after working overnight shifts. The same room where she studied business textbooks sitting on the floor because she could not afford a desk. The same room where she promised herself she would survive long enough to become someone no one could erase again. Edward noticed her staring upward. "Go upstairs," he said gently. The room is yours for as long as you want it. Naomi laughed softly under her breath. You still make impossible promises. Edward smiled. And you still underestimate your place in this world. For the first time all night. Naomi truly smiled back. Small, quiet, real. It changed the entire energy around her. Samuel shook his head softly in amazement. You know, he said, "Back then, everybody thought you were just another girl trying to survive." Naomi glanced at him warmly. I was. Samuel smiled faintly. No, you were becoming somebody. The elevator doors opened again behind them with a soft chime. Warm light spilled across the marble floor from inside the empty car, waiting to take Naomi back to the eighth floor. After 10 long years, Edward stepped aside slowly, giving her the path forward. Naomi looked around the lobby one last time. at the guests, at the staff, at Vanessa, standing silently near the front desk. Then she spoke quietly enough that people had to lean in to hear her. Some people look at clothes and decide your value in seconds. Her eyes moved slowly across the room, but dignity was never something money could buy. The silence afterward felt almost sacred. Naomi stepped into the elevator, holding the gold room folder carefully against her chest while Edward Whitmore watched proudly from the lobby below. Just before the doors closed completely, Naomi looked back one final time. Not angry, not bitter, just certain. Kindness, she said softly, is the real luxury. Then the elevator door slid shut and for the first time that entire night, the Whitmore Grand finally felt worthy of its own

- How to Stop Shopping | Shopping Addictions and How I Overcame Mine: Kind: captions Language: en how I stopped shopping and specifically how I went from having a shopping addiction to being somebody that rarely buys new clothes I found it really hard to find structured information about buying addictions it's kind of something we're just like oh she likes to go shopping hahahha it's normal and maybe because it's something that isn't entirely frowned down upon or taken seriously it's something that affects way more people than we would expect here are some telltale signs that you might have a shopping addiction frequently shopping impulsively and feeling an urge to buy even when you don't need anything spending beyond your means accumulating debt or hiding purchases to avoid Financial judgment shopping to relieve stress anxiety or sadness often using it as a coping mechanism constantly thinking about shopping sales or finding the next purchase feeling guilty or regretful after making purchases and repeating this Behavior struggling to cut back on shopping despite attempts to limit purchases I was supposed to be the last person that should have developed a shopping addiction and yet there we were I Come From A working class background like very humble beginnings and once I started working I had to try to get away from when you grow up not having anything you are so afraid to go back to that that you don't end up enjoying your life you don't end up spending on anything you don't end up on going out ever every little thing that you do with with regards to spending or enjoying ends up being something that weighs really heavily on you that was me when I first moved to Italy and that was me when I first graduated and because I said to myself that you know the whole scarcity mentality isn't healthy I need to get into a mentality where I am treating myself I am giving to myself because you know you only live once I would say that I hit my Peak shopping Addiction in like 2021 2020 because because I was now earning very well and I had been earning very well consistently for like ever since I had graduated I had quite a bit saved up and as I said I'm like it's not healthy for me to not spend any of my money I need to spend I need to live I should also cue the kind of work that I was doing now at this point I was working for a startup and I was also doing my content creation influencing on the side and the one in the office was very luxury adjacent I was working for a lot of luxury clients in the automotive fashion Hospitality sectors and then my influencing career we'll say was also very focused around like fashion and beauty and buying so it it's kind of just like the perfect storm at the perfect time we had just gone through the really traumatic experience of covid I went through covid in Milan as I said I was earning well I didn't have the chance to spend this money during Co so I had quite a bit of savings and then the Char on top was that especially influencing was a job that enabled and kind of encouraged me that I should be spending I need to look good when I go to these events I need product so that I can make content and furthermore there's even like a whole tax write-off situation when you're a lifestyle influencer so I was even incentivized from a tax perspective to spend more and so one thing led to another I went from being afraid and feeling ashamed for spending things to spend things without thinking about them and still feeling ashamed after spending them I was shopping like big shopping spree at least once a month once every two months thankfully I wasn't spending beyond my means it wasn't getting to the point where I was taking on debt but I was definitely like spending a significant portion of my income on clothes money that could have been saved money that could have been invested and I would justify it I would always justify it with like I want to buy higher quality things so I don't need to throw them away which kind of is true or I just had a really stressful week I need to treat myself which that's another thing you need to watch out for when you're shopping to feel something whether it's to feel less stressed or it's to feel like you're treating yourself shopping and buying clothes shouldn't be done to feel some sort of emotion or feeling even because at least in my experience experience it never leads you to feel a good emotion and I Justified it by saying that I was trying to find my personal style I would say that I need to buy this new thing because I needed to recreate this look I'm going to find my style through shopping and putting together pieces New pieces when that's not actually how you find your personal style you probably don't need to buy even one other thing to really Define and enjoy your own personal style a lot of the stores that I was shopping at and specifically here in Italy they don't always do returns so once you bought it you just have to deal with the fact that you just wasted that money there's no getting the money back and so then it goes into your closet and it sits there until you do your next comu armadio and then it's like the Vicious Cycle just repeats itself I just looked at myself and I was just like what am I doing this doesn't make sense that point for me was when I moved into my new apartment like I had just spent so much time and stress to acquire this apartment get into this apartment renovate this apartment and then when I had to move 7 years worth of clothes to this new apartment that was when I realized the depths of my issue and furthermore I didn't want to tarnish this new start this new space that I had worked so hard on with this old uh baggage quite literally I didn't want to get into that situation again so that that brings us into the actual point of the video I guess which is the Practical steps that I started doing little by little to stop shopping to go from spending insane amounts of money for literally no reason to not doing that anymore step one was I actually changed how I brought clothes and the way that I did this was first of all I had to work on impulse control stopped shopping online that was one thing and I Justified this by saying and it was truthfully that it's actually quite difficult for me to buy things online they rarely fit the way that they're supposed to fit also living in Italy a lot of the cute shops are not in the EU and then we have to pay like tariffs on top of them so I used all of these excuses to tell myself that I should only be shopping in person and so then once it I got it down to only shopping in person now it was I should only be shopping during sales Justified that one by saying like how many times has it happened that I've bought something for full price just for me to find it again at the sale at half price that just makes you feel stupid so that was one of the ways that I was like only shop during the sales don't go outside needlessly I had to limit the amount of contact that I had with both digital and physical stores to just not even put me in that situation to give in an Impulse I started adopting more healthy Hobbies so that's where my fitness journey kind of came in I started going to fitbox like three times a week then I now am subscribed to the gym and any free time that I have whether it be in the morning or like the end of the workday rather than go take a walk down Victorio Emmanuel and put myself in a dangerous position I will just go to the gym it was feeling that void and trying to get those feelings of like stress relief uh from someplace else that was a bit more productive once I actually would step foot into the stores I really started to put into practice the whole wishless concept of okay let me see if I still want this in a week or two and usually I didn't so that also helped to curb the impulse and just putting me in a situation where I would want to shop I would start paying attention a lot more attention to the materials and makeup of clothes because I would just see something that was kind of cute but then once I take a closer look at the materials it's all acrylic it's all synthetic I know that it's not going to last I touch it and it feels gross just from my fingers right there imagine this on my skin so once I started learning more about the materials of clothes and how clothes are supposed to feel and what functions they're supposed to serve like varying materials that was something that curbed my shopping of quite a bit and the last thing that made me change the way that I bought clothes was just accepting my financial and also spatial limits like I said my house is really small if I fill it up with stuff it's going to be fluttered and feel uncomfortable to me and I just can't get over the fact that again I put so much work and dedication into my house that I wouldn't forgive myself if I just ruined it by filling it up with clothes you have to understand what kind of reverse psychology to do to yourself to make yourself start thinking of things in the right way you don't have space to buy this huge jacket leave the jacket you don't have space for this extra pair of shoes leave the shoes I don't have space so I can't buy this thing and furthermore I started getting back to like just really strict no spend and low spend periods where I said okay I'm giving myself €100 I'm budgeting myself €100 for shopping this month which in my opinion is even too much but these kinds of things forced me to change the way that I shopped in terms of frequency in terms of motive and also in terms of like just putting in boundaries to guide that shopping the second thing that I did to help me stop shopping was I did some deep declutters like I said that first big declutter was with my first move but even once I got into the new house I still had to do a few more I'd say like it took two CIO armadi for me to get to a position where I had sheared down to the things that made sense I threw out a lot of stuff but I don't throw things out anymore like I don't throw something out unless M I haven't worn it for like 4 years and by now I have a closet where that hasn't happened all of the clothes that I have I've worn at least once in the past 4 years it has happened to me countless times where I would throw something out or donate something because I didn't feel it was still fashion I didn't feel like it still represented me just for 2 years later that thing to be in fashion and representing me so while on the one hand the huge declutters were necessary to get to a place where I had a manageable quantity of things a place where you know I could actually see the shoes in my closet where things weren't overflowing and squished but I did it over a long enough amount of time for me to understand what I truly didn't need and what I just didn't need in this moment and I think that it's a fine line to draw but it's a line that you have to draw so that you strike that balance a lot of this journey has been just about finding the right balance between the two extremes of I need to throw all of my stuff away and then regretting that you did that intentionally get rid of and intentionally keep your clothes another aspect of my declutters that I think helped me to stop shopping is that I developed storage and organization techniques and I stuck to them it's not always perfect I do change them around sometimes but for example no matter how I'm organizing my shoes it needs to be in such a way that I see most of them which is hard because you need space to be able to see your shoes I don't have a walk-in closet but I found a way that allowed me to maximize seeing my shoes and also storing them in a way where they're not getting like deformed or messed up from exist in in keeping this organization it takes a lot for me to add something to my closet because I don't really have space to add something else without messing up my whole storage system so developing an organizational and storage technique for my closet space and just sticking to it was another thing that helped me declutter and then stopped buying just to conclude I guess it was really all just about maximizing the space that I had in my closet and again excepting when there's just no more space try to really adhere to the onein one out rule with regards to your space and your stuff don't bring anything new into your home or your closet unless you're going to part ways with something old and when you're thinking about parting ways with something old I think about do I really need to throw this away like is it falling apart is it unsavable like is this unwearable now I think about where it's going to end up because truthfully a lot of the clothes that you are donating or throwing away actually just end up in Africa there's no um other way to around it it ends up in Africa West Africa in a landfill for me even that in of itself is another reason that makes it really hard for me to get rid of clothes I'd rather keep it until until I can use it as a rag and the final macro area with regards to techniques that allowed me to St shopping is I learned the basics of personal styling I learned the basics of wearing one piece of clothes in multiple ways styling it in different ways I learned how to mix and match your Basics with your styling pieces the difference and function between Basics and statement pieces feel like a lot of people feel like they're on the hunt for the perfect basic and before you know it you have a closet full of Basics and you can't really do much with them all I had in my closet or you know my white t-shirts and my jeans and I didn't really have anything to Spruce them up with I follow this one YouTuber named Christina Micah you guys have probably heard of her and she talks about her closet being a pyramid where at the base you have your Basics and then at the top you have your Trends you're supposed to have the fewest amount of like trendy pieces and the most amount of Basics thinking about that triangle and just being very intentional about like the kinds of pieces that you have in your closet and putting them together mixing and matching them to have like cool outfits was one thing that also helped me to stop shopping because I learned how to style outfits in a numerous infinite amount of ways I learned what I like to see on myself and what I didn't like to see on myself which I think is another thing so now when I go into the stores honestly most of the things that they are suggesting I don't even like to see on myself truthfully they don't look good on me I don't have that tall slender body type that a lot of the the clothes in Europe is really targeting so once I knew the types of clothes that I like to see on myself it allowed me to be a lot more intentional and a lot more picky with the clothes that I was buying uh in those occasions that I would be buying them and the final component to learning a bit about personal styling is just understanding the power of Pinterest and learning how to take inspiration from things not necessarily copy but understanding how to make my own version of the things that I see how to make my own interpretations of the things that I see I have Muses now that I didn't have before I have people that I follow that kind of remind me of myself whether it be in stature whether it be in attitude and literally I take inspiration I see the things that they do and they wear and I just take little pieces from here and there and I put them all together and I say how does this make me feel what do I like I adapt it to make myself like it and before you know it you have something that is Tia it is Tia that is my story about how I went from shopping addiction to stopping shopping it's a topic that I definitely think should be taken more seriously and talked about more but at the same time I'm so happy to see that there is a large uptick in interest and in content about being more mindful about the way you shop being more intentional about the money that you're spending on your clothes and building a better relationship with essentially your closet and your clothes I think it's a really interesting you know Trend and I can't wait to see where it goes because it's something that I think is kind of necessary that being said this is a safe place I would love to know if in hearing what are the components of a compulsive Shopper a Shopaholic do you think that you might be one too and if you are if you were I would love to know the tips that you could share with my community with regards to how to overcome that what are some ways that you know you are able to develop a more healthy relationship with your clothes and with your money be sure to like And subscribe if you haven't already and as always I'll see you guys in my next one [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckytownsend3800 [2 likes]: If anyone is struggling with clothes, my biggest tip is keep it neutral. That way, every single piece in your wardrobe goes with the other so you have half the clothes but the outfit combinations are tripled (sometimes more). I used to get loads of different colours and now I stick to browns, white, black and burgundy. If I go for colour I go for very muted / light colours like pink and blue because they tend to go with all neutrals. Shopping in this way has completely transformed my wardrobe and allowed me to focus on the material / quality and has naturally reduced the amount of clothes I have / need
  2. @JoeSmith-np6nz [2 likes]: No one ever realizes how much stuff we have until we move 🤣 it’s so crazy
  3. @fnma21 [1 likes]: Knowing your style is so important.  Everything matches. Not following trends  is so important, too. Sometimes, I fail. I got these trendy wide-leg jeans. In the end,  I donated them. It just felt wrong wearing them. My wardrobe is small. The biggest part of it is my shirts, which I absolutely love😅
  4. @yourmissleo: Thanks for sharing❤😊
  5. @alessandraf.9354: 😅love the random Italian phrases
  6. @sohinidutta97: I am struggling HARD with shopping addiction at the moment. This month I have used up 2 month's worth of shopping budget. I am trying to save for a big move I am anticipating next year but this has me constantly stressed. Thank you so much for the video!
  7. @veiledviolet: Pinterest is my problem. My style is my creative outlet and I use Pinterest for inspiration. The problem is that my inspiration changes very quickly and I feel the need to buy more new clothes to match my new concept. It makes me feel so good, but I’m spending most of my extra income on clothes. Even though I’m never in debt, I’m not saving. 😬
  8. @Cinnamobae: Im here because I want to stop wanting a newer version of Apple stuffs ✊
  9. @AsiaCordone: I just took out a new credit card my family doesn't know about and hid the stuff I bought. I know I don't need some of why I bought, and I know I have a problem. It started with small things, food I didn't need, snacks, candy, coffee, then moved on to skin care (that I actually did need due to a skin condition, but It made me look at bigger purchases like they weren't that bad), to make up. I know it will get worse to shoes and fashion, I don't like this, I don't know why I'm so impulsive, I know I need help but the conversation of why I am the way I am in general wouldn't go over well.
  10. @fnma21: Only shop in person doesn't always work. I shop online from a specific shop, we don't have the actual shop in our city.
  11. @jacquelinegonzalez1088: Thank you so much!  I am one thank you for your wonderful tips.:face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  12. @conniemac21: This is incredibly helpful. You spoke to my heart. I’m sending this to my 22 year old granddaughter. Breaking the cycle! Thank you.
  13. @PhoneticFluency: Thank you for this video! I haven’t seen anyone else talking about the pipeline of growing up poor → under-spending on yourself as an adult → trying to “correct” → ending up on the other extreme of over-spending. That's my story too, and so many things you said hit home with me. I even feel like the shopping itself can cure the addiction, because once I buy the right things and “find my style,” then I’ll finally be free to stop shopping!

One thing that helped me was thinking about how the things I buy become my responsibility—caring for them is now my responsibility, and how they are disposed of at the end of their useful life, that’s on me now. Thinking about that helps me buy less.

I also blended two of your tips, and I’ve made organizing my home my hobby. I’m crafty and enjoy DIY, so I use free materials (like leftover boxes/cardboard) to organize my apartment. I actually get that dopamine hit that shopping gives me because of seeing something new and fresh in my home!
  14. @melanie0083: Thank you for this
  15. @DRDJEVENTS: You were the last person to develop a shopping addiction,..... what does that mean?
  16. @Ghriangraf: Wait I stopped shopping cheap stuff and started buying quality and I did donate a lot and know i have enough.

I know it mentally
But I do shop when im stressed cuz of neglect in childhood but also was validated for beauty a lot
  17. @enriconolastname3471: Thanks for the tips, i really needed that, i waste way too much money on clothes and then i dont even wear them!
BTW....OMG your skin is so beautiful!
  18. @dianawitty9628: You’re very sweet…and…smart…and…articulate 
I am one too
It’s a struggle, this helped to just to the things you’ve done, I’ve done also, I’m better at managing,but still falter especially around the holidays or some emotional turbulence…
It’s good to reflect and realize why I’m doing what I’m doing…
How to not give in.
Funny I realize, sometimes I do it to bring myself down from feeling good about myself.
To feel guilt and shame. 
Weird
Gonna have to do a deep dive on that
  19. @envzous: I still have a problem with overspending on clothes and hair but if you have an overspending problem with food, trust me just buy groceries and learn to cook it yourself. Make larger portions so you can meal prep it and stay healthy as well. You can make chicken nuggets and french fries at home without having to constantly spend your money on fast food
  20. @user-jm2wx2df5x: I’m testing a savage money-saving experiment called Save-or-Shame.
If you overspend, you post it. We roast you. You save money.
Wanna try it for a week?

🔁 HOW IT WORKS

If you make an impulse purchase, post:

What you bought

How much

A 1-line excuse (why you “had to”)

The group reacts:

Memes

Emojis

Light roasts

If you resist spending, you can post a Save Flex:

“Didn’t order food today. Saved $120.”

Flexing is encouraged 😌

🔥 ROAST RULES (IMPORTANT)

Roast the decision, not the person

No insults about body, family, trauma, or mental health

No hate speech

If someone says “stop”, you stop

This is fun shame, not bullying.

👻 GHOST OPTION

If you’re not in the mood to be roasted:

Say “Ghost Mode”

You’ll get support only, no jokes

Mental health > memes.

🚪 LEAVING

You can leave anytime.
No pressure. No hard feelings.

🎯 REMEMBER

We’re all here because:

We overspend

We want to do better

Laughing makes it easier

Let’s save money.
Let’s be honest.
Let’s not be cruel.

4⃣ YOUR ROLE (IMPORTANT)

You are not just the admin.
You are the tone-setter.

For the first week:

You roast lightly

You encourage save flexes

You shut down any bullying fast. 

Here is the link to the WhatsApp channel I created: https://whatsapp.com/channel/0029VbBewmP8qIzl2c9NYd2r

- The Truth About My Toxic Shopping Addiction: Kind: captions Language: en shopping addiction oftentimes something that's joked about especially in the luxury Community here on YouTube which I don't find anything wrong with it but I do believe that there are a lot of people that actually do struggle with this me being one of them and finally realizing this I wanted to make a video about it and just talk about my struggles and how I've dealt with them and how I've turned everything around now luckily I never racked my credit cards up or went into debt to buy things such as clothes or bags or shoes however when I realized that most of my days were consumed with shopping and browsing hours and hours online to always look for the newest and best thing I realize that something wasn't quite right or when I walked into my closet and it was so overwhelming that I just didn't even want to get dressed or when my friends came over and came into my attic of a closet and were like wow this isn't saying you have so much clothes that's when I realized that this isn't actually normal and most people have a much smaller wardrobe and are still very happy and they don't spend hours and hours on the internet looking for the next best thing to buy now I've been on YouTube for a good amount of time probably about six years and I do want to say that YouTube probably started creating some of this problem because when you're creating content and when you are talking about fashion and luxury like I am you always kind of feel pressure to keep up with I like to say keep up with the Jones and you know kind of buy the newest and best thing and always have the newest bag and if you followed me for a while then maybe you've seen me unbox a lot of bags on here a lot of slgs a lot of jewelry items a lot of clothing items and then you have maybe also noticed that within the last few years that has drastically gotten down and that's for a good reason because I definitely had a problem and I was tired of spending hours and hours and hours on the internet and constantly being consumed with the thought of shopping and buying the new and best thing and a lot of the times some of the things that I would buy were just very trendy and not Timeless pieces and so I wouldn't love them forever so I ended up with this huge closet and this huge collection that I didn't really love and um yeah it took me a lot of growing up it took a lot of time to realize what was going on and I also think that a lot of the times when this happens there's a bigger problem for me I don't know if it was boredom or if I was trying to fill a bigger void but it definitely went beyond shopping um I mean it was to the point where I was getting packages Daily News Hour clothes new things from h m new luxury bags and whenever I got that new item I instantly felt the itch to get the next especially when it came to bags and I really had to sit down and have a really deep conversation with myself and just you know realize that there's more things to life and and that this is a problem I am very big on self-control and rather it comes to my diet or just daily life things I want to be someone that is like has good self-control and is very disciplined and usually I am but when I wasn't able to stop buying and consuming and buying and consuming I realized that something was wrong and I had to make a change so I just in today's video want to give you guys a few tips on what I personally did to to help myself and um to just enjoy life and stop constantly thinking about shopping and I know it's hard with today's world with social media especially Tick Tock Instagram YouTube we're always things are always pushed on us to buy the next best thing and the newest thing and I'm kind of at a state now where I want to enjoy the things that I have and where if I do buy things I want to buy things that I'm going to keep long term and if I do buy a nice big item like a bag I don't want to buy another bag within the next couple of weeks do you know what I mean I just want to be able to be in control and to enjoy the things that I do buy without already thinking of the next because if we're honest with ourselves that is not a good feeling regardless of what your financial situation is to hunt a bag down get it and then not even be able to really be satisfied with that and already watching the next thing um so anyways I hope today's video is going to help you out a little bit I hope you like it if you do definitely give it a thumbs up that helps my channel out a lot leave me a comment that also helps and yeah let's just jump right into it okay so there are six things that I want to touch on that really helped me and I do want to say that if your problem is bigger than what mine was you might want to seek professional help I think therapy and counseling I feel like everybody should do therapy and counseling regardless of if you have a shopping addiction or think you have some sort of addiction I think it can really benefit any and everyone but I think therapy can really really help as well but um starting off with Point number one which I think is something really important and not a lot of people talk about and that is realizing the problem in order to fix anything in order to make a change in anything you have to realize that there is a problem to begin with you know when there's people that are addicted to certain things and their family members are pushing them into therapy or their family members are addressing it they kind of have a hard time changing the situation they have a hard time getting out of what they're in and that's because they themselves don't realize that there's actually a problem but once you realize that there is actually a problem that is really going to help you out a lot in in making that change and sticking with it there's a really good book I want to recommend to you guys I will leave it on the screen right now and I'll also leave it in the description box down below I I have it as an audiobook and it really really helped me a lot I thought it was a fantastic book so if you're struggling with anything like this I think you could really benefit from this book so that is definitely the first step in my opinion moving on to number two which is practicing discipline you I feel like with anything like this you have to work on your self-discipline and you can do that even just let's say you say you go to the gym and then you just never go when you say to do like stop say you do start with little things keep yourself accountable and practice discipline in your day-to-day life start with something small like I don't know maybe you say you're gonna go for a walk and you never go so just start doing the things that you say you're gonna do and be disciplined establish a routine do that every day I think having discipline is such a strong and important thing with anything in life and once you practice that and really really are determined and like get used to that habit um it can really help you out a lot especially when it comes to this kind of stuff because when we in pulse shop or when we want to buy the new and best thing it takes a lot of discipline sometimes to be like okay I don't really need this I am not going to buy it and to just walk away from it trust me I know it does take so much discipline what helped me is that okay this might sound a little weird but I'm gluten and dairy free and I don't think people realize how hard it is to be disciplined and not eat things sometimes that you really want to um and this could be with anything but I'm just using this as an example and when I realized that I had the absolute mind and will power to not eat gluten for years because it hurts me and to not eat dairy because it makes me extremely sick and then seeing the benefits um and just knowing that I have that ability to be that discipline just really helped me a lot going into this shopping shopping situation okay moving on to number three which is a little bit of a tough one but I think less social media is really helpful at least until you get used to that self-discipline because social media is constantly pushing things on us constantly wanting us to buy the newest and best thing and just trying to to lower your phone time your screen time a little bit I think can really help because you don't have that constant that constant Temptation moving on to number four which is going to be asking yourself a very very important question this helped me more than anything and that is who am I making richer am I making myself richer or am I just making a company richer that doesn't need the money and this doesn't go to like small businesses and things like that but um you know when you're buying a Louie bag and you already have 20 of them I mean do you really need another one maybe sell something and then replace it if you really really feel like you need it but always ask yourself that question who is this purchase benefiting is it benefiting them more or is it really benefiting me who am I making richer I think this is a really really important question to ask yourself again with anything doesn't just have to be shopping moving on to the next point which is going to be will this make your life better will this purchase make your life better will this purchase benefit you and your daily life and that again is a really really important question I have had so much buyers from remorse because I've shopped so much and bought so many things that at the end of the day I didn't need especially luxury items and buyers remorse not because I felt like I spent money that I didn't have but because I just didn't have that self-control to be like I don't need this item and then I had it and in no way shape or form did it make any impact or change on my life it didn't make me really feel better what I really needed that day was maybe to go for a nice walk or read a book or do something else to fill that hole inside of me rather than shop so really ask yourself is this purchase going to benefit my life and make me feel better in you know any any capacity um moving on to the last point I think we're at the last one let me look at my notes um yes so lastly I want to talk about setting a budget I don't like budgets I never have um but this is something that has really really helped and kind of Taken control of your spending habits and what you're doing and where your money goes to for me it was always shopping most of my money always went to shopping shopping shopping shopping shopping shopping and setting yourself a budget it could be a monthly budget it could be a weekly budget however you want to do it but that can really help again that discipline is going to come into play but setting yourself a budget and making sure you don't go over that now lastly I want to say am I still buying things absolutely this channel I'm still going to be showing you guys things but it's just going to be less like it has been because I just don't think it was healthy for me I don't think I was in a healthy place and I feel so much better now not feeling the constant need to purchase things and just being able to let my brain relax and um yeah being okay with not buying the newest and best thing all the time or having such an overwhelming closet where I literally can't even function in because there's just so much stuff anyways I really hope you guys enjoyed today's video again if you did please give it a thumbs up I love you guys and I'll see my next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @AngéliqueEva [50 likes]: Being completely honest with you guys today! Hope you enjoyed the video ❤
  2. @activebeachlife [3 likes]: I agree it is an addiction. Waste of time and it is not normal 😢
  3. @barbie_8642 [2 likes]: same with me , i have a problem too, 😢 i need buy bags or shoes all the time , 😢😢😢
  4. @alicetrieu7733 [2 likes]: Sell your unused items will help curb those impulse purchases.
  5. @elitedealscollective [2 likes]: Thanks for sharing!  Reflecting and wondering … Are we going thru the same phase?
  6. @DucksAr3Cut3 [1 likes]: You literally copied @AmberScholl with the thumbnail. She posted her video, "The Truth About My Shopping Addiction" two years earlier than you posted yours
  7. @hameley12 [1 likes]: Your channel was recommended by another YT creator. I must say that I'm thrilled to see and hear an honest take on shopaholic intuitions. Early 2013 to 2014 I was obsessed with buying everything vintage. 

My uncle who raised me got me into oldies music, cooking at home and my aunt showed me everything in NY downtown all thrift stores. Anyhow, by mid 2014 I had a great collection of vintage hats, covers, bandanas, scarves, and more. I had an excellent job and I was studying. 

Then my uncle sent me to rehab for substance abuse. As soon as I left that place. I had nowhere to go  so the next step was healing, and saying goodbye to my clothes and hats. I sold half my closet and paid for an apartment. The healing has continued to today. I went back to Uncle Allan's home and I apologized. Him amd auntie received my apologies and now it feels like a heavy weight has been lifted. It's not an easy recovery on your own, it takes time and support from family, always. 

Thank you for sharing your experience on this addiction and giving us some amazing advice. Happy new subscriber! ❤ ❤ ❤
  8. @rijd2304 [1 likes]: The book "30 Days to Stop Being a Shopaholic" by Harper Daniels is cute and helpful
  9. @bbarr4377 [1 likes]: Great video! Thank you for addressing the “push”  that comes from social media and luxury brands!
  10. @samantarizzi248 [1 likes]: So important to acknowledge all of this madness! I’m in the same boat. I was very poor growing up, so recently after getting a nice job I started spending … and I was spending way too much. A lot on bags and perfumes. Now I realize I have an issue and need to stop. I already have everything that I need. I love my bag collection now and my perfume collection. I’m satisfied 🙂 but I find I always want more … it’s a viscous cycle. I need to appreciate what I already have and be happy with what I got. Because, let’s be honest, we have a lot…. So many people on this world don’t even have clean water. We need to think about this before purchasing anything new. 
Thank you for sharing. 👍
  11. @gigilongtime2891 [1 likes]: Good helpful video. Shopping addiction is real. We live in a materialistic world and we are programmed from our younger years to want the next best boy, the next best computer the next best cell phone and that just never ends every year there is always a new product that people line up to buy….it becomes an addiction.
  12. @gleam7138 [1 likes]: Yes i used to chase after things to feel happy, but even after i got so much of what i wanted things never changed, the thing i so thought would fix my life didn’t rlly do anything. Life is so unpredictable and often full of troubles, that’s why i found no success in trying to find material or circumstantial happinesses, but through this i came to grow closer to Jesus and i’ve honestly felt so at peace even though much of my circumstances have stayed the same, God bless ✝️🫶
  13. @texuzlatina: I definitely have the addiction!! I'm always looking at my phone to see what to buy.  

It's hard because for me it used to be clothing and bags but now it's getting things for my home. Replaced things that I don't like to what I love and I like nice things!! Granted un getting things that will last so i don't have to rebuy...that is my reasoning to buying. 
Im always thinking okay I'm almost done with this room i just need this and this...Anyway just wanted to share (:
  14. @pottersclay77: Thanks for being so authentic.  It's truly refreshing.
  15. @gladysgonzalez2835: This hits home 😢except I’m drowning in debt. 
Thanks for the transparency. 
What lip combo is this @angelique ?
  16. @supermomshe5072: ❤️❤️❤️❤️
  17. @jasminealvakamson: I addicted i have hundreds of gown and maxi dress but still buying i can't stop what shall I do
I think I have to change
From India ❤
  18. @NurseRatchetTV: I just ordered my second pair of VERSACE Lenses and this popped up on my Feed. Hello Family 🤦🏽‍♀️
  19. @appletree7376: I'm a cheap motherfucker, I don't have this problem, great video though
  20. @theandresricardo: i’m going through the same thing right now. just received new bottega veneta boots then felt the need to order a few things to style them with

- My Shopping Addiction Is Out Of Control | Compulsive Shoppers | Our Stories: Kind: captions Language: en it's thought that as many as 8 million people in the UK have a compulsive buying disorder shopping is my life like I live to shop I'm not married yet and shopping is like my husband like my companion I've been told about 30 year old dipna a self-confessed shopping addict have a lovely day thank you capable of spending thousands in a single transaction I do feel as if it's out of my control I might not want to buy but I just buy it she's filled a wall of wardrobes with designer jewelry shoes Blazers and bags this was 3 000 this was 1 600 and the wallet was about 700 pounds I got credit cards that's probably the worst thing that I could have done despite living at home earning 500 pounds a week teaching and writing about cookery and co-managing her dad's restaurant dipna is struggling to fund her habit I'm in about 7 500 pound debt these earrings are like 200 pounds each 220 250. when I can't go shopping depresses me I've canceled work just so that I can go shopping I know that's not a good thing I can't imagine there being absolutely no shopping I don't know what I would do what else would I do if I didn't shop what would I have to look forward to nothing there'd be no life without shopping [Music] I've ever met anybody before who sees shopping as their best friend or their life partner you know you can't have a relationship with shopping it sounds silly doesn't it even to say it out loud but dipna really feels that that is the meaning to her life the trouble is she's getting into debt she feels depressed if she can't go oh to me that sounds like quite a serious problem clothes than she could possibly wear but I see no signs of her slowing down how much did you spend yesterday oh a one thousand five hundred pounds I didn't want to but try and not think about it that's quite a shopping spree yeah most of the things she buys are pushed to the back of her cupboards and still have their labels on quite a lot there you haven't used yeah but then when you go to the shop and you see it it's just that moment and you're just like oh that's really nice oh what the hell just buy it you're not in control you're not you're not really able to say no I'm not I'm not buying it no I'm unable to do that who's in control the little voice inside of me 600 pounds you look like you don't like them they're not my cup of tea it's the honest truth but that doesn't matter because I'm not going to be wearing them 485 pounds yes Stephen I said to Mom right that's it now I'm gonna start saving up because I want to buy a car have you already got a car yeah but the car I've got is the old Mercedes there's a new one coming out in a few months a new shape so like I've got my heart set on that and it's really important to have the new shape yeah and I'll take it on lease and then if I'm paying that off every month I know I'll have that pressure that might stop me from shopping so much because I just might get you in more debt I mean does that ever cross your mind that you could stick with the old car and you could have the extra money every month to pay off your debt but I wouldn't you wouldn't why not I'll probably just use that money to like either shop more or I would go and get the car so the way you look at it is that that money you might as well use it on a news yeah I might as well use a new car before otherwise you're going to use it on shopping yeah which makes sense no it doesn't I'm looking at all of this and it's actually mind-boggling to think how much money's worth of stuff you've got here it's got to be like hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of stuff yes a lot of stuff on first meeting dipna you could be forgiven for thinking she is spoiled but actually the honest truth I think is that she is not in control I know from my work with hoarders that compulsive disorders govern the people that have them and I think that dipna could well be in that category so this is where the rest of your stuff's hidden sit this is our storage space I don't have enough room downstairs my future husband better have a big house that's all I'm seeing so where did your love of shopping begin I think I blame my mum and dad as a child they spoiled me whenever I used to go out with mum she always used to buy us something when Dad was with us she always shaking the take us in the shop and say right guys get what you want would you say that you're addicted to yeah for sure what makes it an addiction the fact that I can't stop and I think if I did ever stop or someone did try and stop me I I don't think I would be dip nine I wouldn't be where I am today if I didn't so you would lose your identity yeah I think I would because there's a lot more to you dippner than just shopping there is I think me as a person I love children and I think if I had if I ever had kids which I will I'm sure in the future um I think that will make me you know forget shopping because my love of kids is even more extreme than my shopping so that makes me feel kind of sad I think she's lonely and I think the shopping is almost a replacement for having someone in her life to love and to cherish and so instead she loves and cherishes all these other material things I've decided to pay dipla's father Gulu a visit at his restaurant to see what he thinks of his daughter's shopping and her views about what might have started it she told me a bit about her upbringing and she pretty much had everything that she wanted and do you think that has made her worse I would say I am to blame a little when we got married you know we're longing for a child I'd been going to Temples to shrines we waited nearly six six years and our prayers all around that was the proudest moment and I wanted to get her anything she said she was like a little princess she still is how does it then make you feel that dipna says shopping is her partner and shopping is the biggest thing in her life I think that is not a very serious problem drinking is a serious problem or drugs is a serious problem than shopping but if dipna is addicted to shopping could that not be just as dangerous or as harmful and as limiting to her life as drinking or taking drugs no I don't think so she's a free person that's how I can put her but is she gonna because dipna has said to me that she would love to have children and that she thinks if she had children she wouldn't need to be shopping so much because she would have something else to fill her time but by spending so much of her time and her energies and her efforts and her money of course shopping is she preventing herself from getting to that point she's taking her time to getting the right person and of course I think once she gets married she will then realize how she's got to maintain her lifestyle things will change I think in a way what she's doing is how she is so I cannot change too much of that to dipping his dad so many little things can to fall into place but I don't think he really got the fact that the shopping could be getting in the way of divna living her life and moving forward with her future it feels to me that because shopping is universal something we all do it's all too easy for compulsive Shoppers and their families to bury their heads in the sand in West London I want to see if dipna might be up for a challenge foreign not just to stop shopping but to think about why she shops and how else she might spend her time say three weeks three week yeah because I think that would be enough time to you know it'll be a challenge but it would be enough time to see how it affects you three weeks is a very long time I saw in three weeks is a long notice like that's unrealistic two weeks I could still two weeks you think you can do yeah and how will you go about avoiding the temptation to shop I'd have to find something to do yes exactly that is exactly what you'll have to do go on a couple of dates it doesn't sound as exciting as shopping but yeah we could always try but as I leave her to it I know it's not going to be easy today my first property I really need to buy something and it's getting me down this I don't know making me a bit depressed I guess right now it just feels like I haven't been shopping for ages and it's actually starting to piss me off it's making me pretty grumpy after two weeks without shopping depners lost no time returning to old habits whatever happens with her shopping no matter how much she shops she's always going to have a roof over her head there'll be food on the table she's going to have a car to drive so really she feels that there's nothing to lose whereas when I look at it I see that what she's sacrificing for shopping is actually a future it's having the life that she really wants perfectionist in dipna Rose to the challenge but she clearly didn't enjoy I was a bit depressed on Sundays yeah I was a bit down when I was busy I was still myself and I was still happy there were just times when I was Moody and a little bit depressed and I think those times especially when I was left alone when I came home from work and no one was here think about what you just said it was when you came home there was nobody here and you were on your own do you not think that maybe that comes from loneliness you know you're 30 years old and you live at home which is fine but you've said that you'd like to get married you'd like to have a home of your own is the shopping not just standing in the way of you doing those things that you want to do no I I don't think so because even tomorrow if I did get married I don't think I would stop shopping completely it would still be a part of me because you know something I love to do but I would never let shopping kind of stand in the way ERS shopping covers up a much bigger fear than of being single do you think shishma that deptner will find it hard to adapt to not being with you to find it before more than the shopping me I mean leaving the house that's what's stopping us I'm getting married I think are you okay and didn't upset you it's almost like nicer to just stay here with mum and dad and not have to really grow up and pay bills and get married and leave the security of home if I could I give up shopping tomorrow so long as I could stay you know with mom and dad forever it's really interesting because it seems like your main problem is not shopping it just comes out in shopping but actually the underlying thing that's going on is you don't want to leave home I can't I can't even think about the day when I have to leave home like I just can't think of it without getting upset but she has to go one day I think it's hard isn't it it's that lovely safe bubble yeah where I feel the safest and most secure to begin with I really thought that her shopping was holding her back and preventing her from moving on with her life if the day comes when dipna feels ready to leave home and get married and have a family of her own and at that point maybe her shopping will subside because she won't rely on it so much she won't need it anymore but I think until that day comes debenham will keep shopping because she's Clinging On to her childhood

  Top Comments:
  1. @katrinariya1824 [13 likes]: She should focus on creating and selling instead. She sounds bored and seems like filling a void. Her parents seem nice and understanding.
  2. @Iamso4u [8 likes]: I had a manic episode and managed to get myself in $15k of debt. Now that I’m in a stable place again, I can’t say I don’t miss the high I felt having packages show up almost daily. However, I’m not in a position to fall back on family financially, so luckily I pulled the parachute just in time. I’ll have it all paid off in 2 years or less. I sympathize with this woman, but her parents are only enabling her addiction. If she had real bills to pay, maybe a roommate counting on her for rent, would she take getting well more seriously? Cut up those cards and go to therapy; it’s hard but worth it.
  3. @ggreddy3568 [4 likes]: Her stuff is branded ,neat and clean. Why can’t she sell all branded bags and stuff. She can easily pay her debt..then have a few feel good items . No matter what she does,she will have place to stay and food to eat. Why would she be worried ?
  4. @Millie_the_Mermaid [4 likes]: Wow...the father believes that "drinking/drug" addiction is more of a serious problem than shopping....but they essentially are one in the same....meaning that they are both harmful.
  5. @user-zu5cw2vn5j [1 likes]: She became a shoppaholic bc her parents always bought her everything. I became a shoppaholic bc my mom never bought me things. What should one do then as a parent?
  6. @sunshinewithin435 [1 likes]: Baby steps 🎉 start giving items for free (like a promotional giveaway) or donating to charity, use a platform; social media... Freebies/souvenirs...just start  baby steps 🎉
  7. @non-t2d [1 likes]: i like her bags
  8. @bellimay1246 [1 likes]: I disagree with the analysis that she doesn't want to grow up. She clearly has attachment issues, her parents are her world and even if her mom says she want her to leave one day, I'm sure both of her parents prefer to have her around.
 Shopping for her might actually help release the stress of wanting to live her life, but also not wanting to leave her parents.
  9. @jsmith5899: Find some purpose, people
  10. @roadtripper247: Thanks for this video upload. I really needed to hear this as I have the same problem. I hope she finds something meaningful to her which doesn't rely on shopping so much. Its strange how something designed to make you feel happy can also be super addictive. It is like drugs and sometimes having retail centres near your home isn't a good idea.

I pray to god for a more controlled life in the future.
  11. @codykimmel: I don't understand her lack of shame. She says she knows it isn't good, but she seems especially to covet luxury items (who needs a new Mercedes every year?) And she blamed her parents for it. As she's currently presenting herself on camera, I feel no compassion for her. She's a hungry ghost.
  12. @NicolinaD-b6m: 😮
  13. @lightspeed4448: I bet the store owners love her 💰
  14. @d-dogultimates6078: I disagree i think she is bored, mum and dad got all the money she fill that boredom with shopping it gives her a pleasure and for that pleasure to continue she need to stay with mom and dad cause if she lives on her own with that addiction she will be broke. one thing lead to another.
  15. @alex-ng8tb: please consider getting a job in a kindergarten since you love children more then shopping
  16. @hisuzuki7607: I’m so glad he is not my dad. How parents teach child is the most importa.
  17. @Jimboy96: I found part of this long time ago and showed it to my advance esl students! 
Now I found by accident the rest of this "case"
  18. @ellane-d9w: Reduce shopping by seeing what you can get for less money?
  19. @nevithaSathianandan: u need retail therapy 😮
  20. @AliyahFatty-t6m: Addicted to shopping well im 😂

- How Designer Brands Keep You Poor: Kind: captions Language: en this bag right here costs three hundred thousand dollars and not because it's lined with diamonds or was owned by the lake Queen Elizabeth but because this is a Birkin bag if you're not familiar already the Birkin bag is considered the most expensive luxury handbag in the world the costs range from 8 500 to 300 000 a bag and that's not even considering the purchasing history that you need to establish with Hermes just to be considered able to buy a Birkin bag because you can't just walk into an airmed store and buy a Birkin bag at the register you have to establish a purchasing history with Hermes meaning you frequently buy a variety of their other products like scarves and makeup my game plan was to you know wear a lot of my Hermes items to show that hey I'm an Irma's customer and I'm just not like because tons of tourists just come in who have never purchased any Ms in their life and the first question I was asked was do you have an Hermes bag so I'm wearing my two click H bracelet got on my Hermes Kelly belt Hermes CDC belt my twilly around my neck you know I'm a loyal customer etc etc imagine if Dick's Sporting Goods did the same thing and just buy a basketball you also had to buy a kayak golf club and some of Dwayne Johnson's Under Armor line be ready ridiculous and yet that's the reality of buying a Birkin bag I would argue it is the physical epitome of manufactured exclusivity it's four thousand I know and there's a waiting list I assumed five years for a bag it's not a bag it's a Birkin and yet despite the many hoops and long wait lists that are associated with this bag people keep flocking to it they might save money for years just to buy one bag which by the way you often don't get a say in what kind of color or style of bag you get but if you want a Birkin bag you're gonna have to take what they give you so why is this happening what is so magical about this bag obviously the answer is subjective You could argue it's because the materials they use are super high quality or because it's Handmade by Artisans but I think the answer is a little more Primal than that we seek social status from what we wear to where we go to school to the handbags we carry we want to be perceived as high status especially higher status than those around us designer items like the Birkin bag become this cheat code of sort in our modern consumerist culture robust generational marketing has labeled value status wealth and some Indescribable specialness to designer items and those who buy into the market getting messages therefore assign those same labels to the person owning the designer items the world of designer brands from Louis Vuitton to Rolex is one where social status is achieved purely through consumption and spending it's a system that can easily keep you poor if you're not careful which is why I want to dive into this topic of designer brands for today's video let's talk about how designer Brands Target the poor instead of the rich how they prey on our psychology help destroy the planet and how rich we could possibly be if we didn't spend money on designer products by the way if you're interested in more videos on money media society and intentional living be sure to subscribe and check out my other video essays I'm trying to post every other week right now it's more like a monthly Cadence and my goal with these videos is to share financial education in an interesting accessible way while also encouraging people to reduce consumption for our planet be sure to subscribe and thank you for watching so first things first designer Brands will keep you poor emphasis on keep because despite the high prices these brands are targeting the poor and not the rich they're targeting the people who want to look rich middle and lower class folks who don't have that much money or savings that is the bread and butter of designer brands Steve Jobs is famous for his black turtleneck look amongst other things despite his immense wealth he always kept that same very simple look no designer logos in sight and this is the same case for many of the Uber Rich Bill and Melinda Gates Mackenzie Scott Melanie Perkins Mark Zuckerberg Whitney wolf heard these aren't people who are running around in Gucci slides and Versace belts and Louis Vuitton emblazoned outfits no matter how much I would kill to see Bill Gates dripping in Gucci it'd be a look but why don't we see the Uber rich in these designer Brands I think it's because they don't need to prove they're rich we know and I think that's what designer brands are really selling they're selling conspicuous consumption aka the spending and consumption of luxuries in an attempt to enhance one's Prestige basically they're selling you a costume so you can pretend to look rich except that isn't typically what rich people actually look like if anything designer Brands can have the opposite effect and make people think you're desperately trying to fit in with the rich maybe this is a bit harsh but it kind of feels like this Neon sign that says I'm over compensating I don't really belong with the wealthy how can we tell when someone is pretending to be rich when someone is a stereotype or almost like a caricature of a rich person the brands they wear perhaps the brands they show on display when you are trying too hard and that's usually a big giveaway when someone is just faking it because they're trying to overcompensate for something that is not really there and actually in a study conducted by the American affluence Research Center and analyzed by unity marketing more than 300 consumers with a minimum net worth of eight hundred thousand dollars were surveyed and they found that many wealthy Shoppers consider certain luxury Brands overrated including Louis Vuitton Gucci Hermes Prada and Rolex when I think about what it means to be rich I think about the phrase Millionaire Next Door there are nearly 22 million millionaires in the US and I bet many of them you would never know or million millionaires chances are one of them might be your next door neighbor unassuming driving a Keo shopping at Costco and TJ Maxx they're not trying to be flashy they're not out buying the most expensive version of everything because they understand the value of money the value being Frugal and making more than you spend basically the caricature of the millionaire that we've grown up seeing on TV and now on social media is one that requires hundred thousand dollar watches and Jet setting and designer brand outfits but that's not realistic it's just flashiness and you might say hey but all these celebrities and influencers I see they're always wearing designer and they're totally rich and you're right duolippo wears a lot of Versace Billy eilish wears a lot of Gucci Kim wears a lot of Balenciaga she should probably cut that partnership though many of us are first exposed to the designer world through our favorite celebrities but what we don't see is that behind the scenes these influencers and celebrities get sent so many free products from designer Brands to do because they know that it's free marketing If That Celebrity or influencer is pictured wearing or holding that item and some celebrities like the ones I just mentioned have official ambassadorship Partnerships with these designer Brands where they're paid to constantly wear their stuff because of all this there's this illusion that designer brand items equate wealth and coolness it feeds straight into our psychological desire to fit in and be part of an exclusive Club especially one where our peers are our rich and famous Idols it preys on insecurity and unfortunately the people most vulnerable to this kind of messaging and insecurity are middle class and lower class folks I save change over a year and I was able to buy the bag of my dream so you would be surprised at how much saving change can do for you this video I found of people waiting in line for Supreme launch was especially interesting to me because I think it nicely juxtaposed these high ticket items with the low earning buyers pretty well I go to college so I can't afford the CDG collab I go to school so how do you have money to buy this I collect my parents allowance while also showing the alert that just the designer name alone had for these people is it worth it yeah it's worth every dime because it's Supreme because of supreme another thing I think about is this viral story about a woman who took her mom on a Dior shopping spree after her mom was treated poorly at a Dior store according to the daughter the mom had been ignored by a Dior sales rep because the mom was dressed poor which you'd think like if a store was treating my mom that way we wouldn't go there how rude but instead it kind of had the opposite effect they went back there and they purchased a lot of stuff and just looking quickly at some of the do our products online I know that shopping spree cost multiple thousands of dollars like this one Dior bag costs as much as some cars and house down payments there's no chump change what's interesting is that this rudeness the mom experienced is an alleged technique designer brands use to boost sales staff rudeness causes what's known as the Pretty Woman effect which is referencing the Julia Roberts movie Pretty Woman where she goes and buys a ton of luxury goods after being dismissed by one of the sales reps big mistake big huge solder marketing Professor Darren Dahl who researched this effect explains that designer brand sales reps quote can end up having a similar effect to an in-group in high school that others aspire to join for the study participants imagined or had interactions with sales representatives rude or not they then rated their feelings about Associated Brands and their desire to own them after being treated poorly participants who expressed an aspiration to be associated with high-end Brands reported an increased desire to own the luxury product designer Brands attempt to hijack our psychological desire to fit in and display status we want to be seen as the richest person in the room the richest amongst our friends the richest person at work the problem is there's always going to be someone richer it's always going to be someone with more money more bags more designer things more whatever even Elon Musk who was the richest man in the world for a while he's down 200 billion dollars there's always going to be someone else and even if he still was at the top there's a ton of other metrics that he'll never be the top of because there's always just going to be someone else because that's life there's always going to be someone with some other superlative that you don't have and it's really easy to get caught in this cycle of chasing chasing status symbols like designer handbags or luxury cars but this cycle of chasing will leave or keep most people poor when you're caught in the cycle your time isn't your own it's owned by the drug of buying manufactured status which is paid for by the hours of your life at a job the way I think about it is the more designer items you buy or really anything that you buy the more of your life you're trading away obviously we have to spend money to survive but the level of excess that Designer Brands promote is not essential to live I argue instead it actually robs us the chance to truly live for myself I think a lot about intentional living this is where you're aware of what your personal values and beliefs are and you try to actively make decisions that align with those values and beliefs it's the reason I personally don't buy designer Goods because the values don't align with my values and I think that my time and money could be spent better elsewhere and one of the values that doesn't align with mine is that of the designer industry's wastefulness this is what coach's dumpster looks like and they Splash everything up they slash them up so you can't I guess refill them or try to return them or something for money it completely trash their merchandise many designer brands are notorious for intentionally destroying their extra product coach was called out for it after that video that you just saw and in 2018 Burberry was called out for incinerating their unsold products this is a very widespread practice throughout the fashion industry doesn't just affect luxury houses it also affects the High Street in fact we had h m you know doing something similar quite recently it is you know the result for me of years and years of mass production and to a certain extent an industry that is profoundly inefficient it's a big problem that has caused a lot of backlash which is understandable because it's kind of wild to think about products perfectly good products being ripped up or burnt simply to keep other people away from it it's very much giving Joker in The Dark Night causing chaos but I think this practice nicely captures the combined wastefulness and illusion of scarcity that defines the designer World from an environmental standpoint the fashion industry is a man this to our planet and I know that sounds dramatic it kind of blew my mind to learn about how awful the fashion industry was when I first learned about its impact but listen to this this is from a Bloomberg article the global glut of clothing is an environmental crisis quote fashion accounts for up to 10 of global carbon dioxide output more than international flights and shipping combined according to the United Nations environment program it's the second most polluting industry behind oil oil which is oil you know I want to be clear not all of that waste is from designer Brands alone I actually think the larger culprits are fast fashion places like Xi'an and Uniqlo because they just promote hyper over consumption and Hyper over disposal and really short Trend cycles and actually the fashion industry could probably take a few lessons from designer brands in the idea of trying to build things that are going to be more long-lasting and higher quality so that you're not constantly having to go buy new things that being said designer Brands don't get away scot-free here sure they might not be following the increasingly short Trend cycles of tick tock where Styles go out of fashion within weeks but designer Brands still pump out new trends throughout the seasons effectively adding to the culture of overconsumption as people try to follow the latest Styles this type of over consumption not only hurts our planet but also our wallets if you want to hear more about that topic be sure to check out my other video how consumerism ruins our planet and finances Beyond fueling over consumption the materials that luxury brands use have a Major Impact you've got some Brands using animal parts like skins and teeth to create their products which raise their own ethical questions and you've also got the environmental impact of creating the raw materials used for the products things like cotton growing cattle farming mining all of these are incredibly energy intensive with carrying the company that owns Gucci and YSL finding that 75 percent of its environmental impact was from raw material production and processing alone now I know those are a lot of facts and figures is about environmental impact and you might be like hey this video is supposed to be about money and how these Brands keep me poor but I think that wastefulness is an inherent part of the conversation because there is a link between climate change and poverty and the worst that climate change gets the worse The Divide between the rich and poor gets speaking of rich and poor let's talk about the opportunity cost of buying designer Brands AKA how rich could you be if you didn't buy designer items let's crunch some numbers a popular defense of buying designer items is at their investment pieces for some that means that they last a long time rather than just being thrown away within the year probably true but I would argue you don't have to spend designer brand prices to get something that's higher quality there's a lot of other options out there that are a little more affordable but the other way that people mean investment piece is literally as an investment it's something that they can buy one day and then resell later on and make a profit from this is a very popular argument for our old friend the Birkin bag I have been collecting these bags for a minute they're also a great investment according to Time magazine in 2016 quote the Birkin bag outpaced both the stock market and the price of gold in the last 35 years a time period chosen to reflect the date when Birkin bags were first produced in 1981. they say that the annual return on a Birkin was 14.2 percent compared to the s p average of 8.7 percent a year and Gold's negative 1.5 but there's a few problems with this logic first being like we mentioned at the beginning of the video the price tag on the Birkin bag is not the only thing that you're going to be paying you have to have a purchasing history with Hermes so you have to include that in what you're investing and since you're using this as an investment piece you're probably going to want to take insurance out on it that's going to cost you a pretty penny as well it's weird to think about how fragile an investment something like a Birkin bag or a designer product is especially when you compare it to more traditional investment like stocks like spill your coffee in it have your dog get a little too curious and suddenly you have lost thousands of dollars in resale value can't say that ever happens to me with my stock portfolio so before we end I thought it'd be really interesting to crunch some numbers to see how rich you could be if you didn't buy a designer bag and you instead invested in something like a low-cost Index Fund which is one of my personal favorites so let's say you have 3 500 in disposable income which is the money that you have left over after taxes and you pay Essentials in Choice a you decide to splurge on a 3 500 designer bag like this one from Louis Vuitton in Choice B you decide to buy a nice quality purse from somewhere like TJ Maxx and you put the remaining 3 450 in a brokerage account that invests into the s p 500. now jumping 10 years ahead let's say that you can sell that Louis Vuitton bag for 3 500 I'm putting that in there because I don't feel like it's a level where you could sell it for more and also if you're actually using the bag there's probably going to be a level of wear and tear so we're going to be generous and say you're able to sell it for the exact same amount that you bought it profit being zero dollars looking at Choice B though and using the s p 500's historical average of 11.8 percent growth your 3 450 has now become ten thousand five hundred and twenty five dollars that's a seven thousand seventy five dollar increase if you're paid the national average of 28.10 an hour and you work 40 hours a week that growth equals six and a half weeks of your working life life that's a month and a half earlier that you could retire and live the life of your dreams and if Choice a continues to buy designer products throughout their life the gap between their life and the wealth they could be building is going to continue to grow and look for some people that might be totally totally worth it and that's fine the social signaling and the enjoyment that they get from having designer products might be worth more than that extra time not working or building up wealth despite all my personal opinions people can and will choose what they want to spend their time and money on but what I hope this thought experiment in this video overall can do is to help us think a little bit differently about designer Brands and how we spend our money money is time and I think it's always a good idea to reflect on how we are spending both of them so what do you think have you bought designer before and did you feel like it was worth the high price tag or not really let me know what you think in the comments below I'd be really curious to hear and also let me know if you have a topic that you'd like me to cover next if you want to see more be sure to check out my other video video essays like this one on influencer culture or this one on the stay-at-home girlfriend Trend thank you so much for watching be sure to like And subscribe to please the algorithm Lords and I will see you guys next time bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @thefinancialfreedomgirl [16 likes]: I LAUNCHED A NEWSLETTER!! 🎉 https://thepopfinancereport.substack.com/ -- GO CHECK IT OUT & SUBSCRIBE!!! 🥰 

"The Pop Finance Report" is a monthly (for now) newsletter diving into pop culture and money! If you've been craving more dives into money and media, and perhaps a way to consume media outside of the typical algorithm-driven social media world, this is the newsletter for you!
  2. @AnnaCormier-m1b: My friend’s ‘YSL’ sunglasses looked so authentic, I was shocked when she said they were from :yt: amzrepe :yt:. Fast shipping and amazing customer service too!
  3. @DrewniakHardmon: There is nothing left to boast about, just cheap bags with a nice name,🫣 That's what happened to me with a wheelbarrow that came from China :yt: amzrepe :yt:.
  4. @DrewniakHardmon: Now I have learned how to maximize the quality of my life at the lowest cost. Now, the :yt: amzrepe :yt: bag in my hand is the best proof.
  5. @JoyceChagnon-z1b: YSL Cassandra bag dupe from :yt: amzrepe :yt: is stunning! The logo and chain strap are luxurious. Perfect for nights out.
  6. @luckykansara7994: Deadass, legacy brands are just charging for a logo at this point while selling the same "vintage" look for the 100th time. 💀

Phaesto is actually refreshing because they aren't just slapping a cross on a ring and calling it a day.
  7. @WW10777: As they say, a fool and their money are easily parted.
  8. @StefanieElliot: The third order came with a handwritten note? So personal! The ivory YSL envelope clutch elevated my jeans and t-shirt look. :yt: skydup :yt:knows their audience!
  9. @PetrovicBlackstock: I wore my :yt: amzswis :yt: Rolex to a party and instantly caught everyone’s attention.
  10. @QuietlyEdited: Really love the concept of verbal essays. Money really is time!
  11. @DianeScott-b6x: The detail on that AP is insane. I wonder if  :yt: amzswis :yt: has a version of this, their selections are usually pretty spot-on.
  12. @DawnCrow-h6e2o: Third order: embroidered Dior school bag survived toddler markers. Magic erasers + :yt: skydup :yt:fabric = an unstoppable mom combo. Playdate approved!
  13. @EllaZacarias-q1m7b: The :yt: skydup :yt: emerald Valextra knockoff is museum quality. So happy with it.
  14. @ZoilaWhite-y2d: :yt: skydup :yt:'s taupe Bottega card case? Chef's kiss. The braided leather hasn't stretched after heavy use. Even my fashion magazine editor friend gave a nod of approval. Already repurchasing the black one!
  15. @ady2962: If you’re rich, your achievement speaks for you which is equivalent to the less rich using designer clothes to speak for them. So what’s the problem here? 
We shouldn’t be made to feel guilty or inferior for doing what works for our mental health. 
Bill gates will never want to be poor, a poor person will never wish to stay poor so that’s one thing we all have in common. 
The rich use private jets etc. the poor can’t afford it and so no one criticises them for not affording the private jet lifestyle. But all of a sudden the poor have something they want to use to make themselves feel good and rich yet the rich hate it so they send agents like yourselves to criticise them for buying designer items. So they can keep the poor looking poor while the rich keep looking rich. 
Just allow people to be happy with whatever they can afford.
  16. @caiyingwu4643: True "status" is when these brands pay you to wear them. Still pretty empty even then, IMO.
  17. @StacyMason-u2t: Thank you for showing us! I stuff my :yt: amzrepe :yt: bags with anything, even clothes! Thick scarfs work well rolled up. I even stuff my cheap ones!
  18. @ewaldseiland8558: Then it's your job to keep designer brands poor
  19. @maryelgacula: I like a good imitation, :yt: amzrepe :yt: because it helps me decide if I want to buy the real thing, that's the part." That's it. But for me, I would take a break from buying those really popular luxury big-ticket items.
  20. @BabatWooster: :yt: amzswis :yt:replicas are identical to the originals

- Women of Different Salaries: Can Money Buy Happiness? | Glamour: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] yes it could put you at ease and allow you the time to pursue the things that truly make you happy yes because money is the root of all discord in my life if i didn't have to worry about that aspect i'd be much happier yes to an extent it can buy less stress and give you freedom to do the things you want to do but i do believe that after a certain amount it doesn't matter yeah i believe that it could give you comfort which leads to less worrying no i don't think so plenty of people have money and still aren't happy no but it can give you access to a less stressful lifestyle no way things don't make you happy i think you can it's not the be-all end doll but it can afford you many things that bring happiness home pets travel honestly nice clothes make me happy no for me it's not about having a lot of money it's about living happily healthily comfortably and being debt free it can buy comfort yes money determines what you can participate in both in terms of social events and self-care not on its own but it definitely helps it opens up opportunities

  Top Comments:
  1. @tsutiko4740 [2 likes]: 1:41 you can’t live happily, healthy and  comfortably without money lmao
  2. @act110mort048 [2 likes]: I like this playlist in Glamour's YouTube channel. I wish they make more of these kinds of videos.
  3. @Ark_bleu [1 likes]: 1:21 Best reading tbh
  4. @gcart8534 [1 likes]: Money doesnt buy happiness.  But money can buy advantages that can go a long way to making you happy.
  5. @angelachen4760 [1 likes]: Money can buy happiness. How can you be happy if you can’t have a roof over your head, no food, no toilet, no shelter, can’t provide for your family
  6. @juunakano [1 likes]: money can’t buy happiness, but can buy things that provide happiness like travel
  7. @VK-ro1qb [1 likes]: When you have money, you can help les fortunate people too and that can make you happy!
  8. @Violet-wj1iu [1 likes]: Please bring these back
  9. @amaliameyer9894 [1 likes]: are we not gonna talk about the one that said it's not about money, it's about 'living happily, healthily, comfortably, and being debt-free.' Money can literally buy you all of those things.... what?!?!
  10. @imeldaw.m5525 [1 likes]: Money can't buy your love but it can buy happiness
  11. @kayamp8713 [1 likes]: Did the series for this end? 😞
  12. @juswavvy9634 [1 likes]: To all the people saying money doesn't buy happiness empty out your life savings and give them to me and after a month we'll talk about how both our lives have been since😁
  13. @nathananderson8720: This is one of the channels that gave me the courage to start my YouTube channel 9 months ago about self development. Now I have 1,615 subs and > 1,000 hours of watch time. I know it’s not comparable with others but I’m still proud I started because I’ve been learning so many lessons that I could haven’t learned without getting started in the 1st place.
  14. @danaakon7633: My wealthy friend says she is very unhappy living in her mansion. She cries at night. What was the point of chasing money?
  15. @quynoa: I think money can buy happiness but only to a certain extent. The happiness will often not be long term.
  16. @007jz6: I also believed money can make me more happy. But i have seen a lot of people with minimum wage living with peace and happiness. 
Money can buy a lot of things, but there are things you cant buy with money. Mental health is key
  17. @trailer1210: Making 150K at 27, that woman is  Legendary!!! ✨✨✨
  18. @queenree7524: Yes it can but not all of it
  19. @Thesnowyman: Money can buy happiness and before anyone say "but it won't fix relationships" or "you would be lonely" that doesn't disprove my statement it just proves money isn't the answer to everything
  20. @naara8688: Money gives you a less stressful life, but it can't satisfy the hole inside a heart, at some point things became just empty, and money will not full it! Jesus is the only thing that will make your life fully cause without him we feel lost and broken if money could buy happiness wouldn't have so many depressed people 😔

- What REALLY Brings Happiness Is NOT What You Think: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to luxury X where we explore the Finer Things in life and how to cultivate a luxurious mindset let's dive into our first happiness myth happiness comes from Material wealth now there's no denying that Financial stability can bring a certain level of comfort and ease but is it the sole source of Happiness the answer is a resounding no you see happiness is a complex emotion and it's often found in the most unexpected corners of Our Lives it's the laughter shared with a close friend the thrill of a new experience or the satisfaction of personal fulfillment we can easily fall into the Trap of associating happiness with a hefty bank account or a luxurious lifestyle but let's not forget that some of the richest moments in life are Priceless they're found in the relationships we nurture the experiences we dive into and the passions we pursue remember while Financial stability is important it isn't the sole source of Happiness moving on to our second myth the notion that happiness is a milestone away it's a common belief isn't it that elusive happiness always seems to be just around the corner maybe it's that promotion you've been waiting for or that Dreamhouse you've been saving up for but here's the kicker happiness isn't a destination it's a journey it's not the pot at the end of the rainbow it's the rainbow itself it's the process the growth the journey that brings Joy not the end point we often set our happiness on pause waiting for a specific Milestone to press play but the truth is happiness is not an end point it's a mindset it's a choice we make every day every moment regardless of our circumstances so don't postpone your happiness for a future Milestone happiness is here and now next up a common myth that happiness depends on others it's a belief that we've often been led to embrace that our joy our satisfaction our very sense of contentment lies in the hands of those around us but the truth is a little more complex and a lot more empowering you see relying on other for your happiness is a shaky Foundation people change relationships evolve and if your happiness is tied to these external factors it becomes as unpredictable as the wind it's essential to understand that true enduring happiness is an inside job it's about loving yourself being comfortable in your own skin and finding contentment in your own company it's about self-acceptance personal growth and realizing that you are enough just as you are so the next time you find yourself seeking validation or happiness from others remember this you hold the key to your own happiness rely on yourself for happiness and let relationships be a bonus not a requirement now let's debunk the myth that happiness means constant positivity we've all heard the phrase always be positive but let's face it it's an unrealistic expectation life is a roller coaster of emotions and it's completely normal to feel down sometimes this doesn't mean you're not a happy person it just means you're human negative emotions aren't something to fear or avoid but rather indicators of our needs and desires they can help us understand what we value and what we want to change by acknowledging these feelings we can take steps to address the underlying issues and grow as individuals in fact constantly striving for positivity can actually limit our potential for true happiness it can prevent us from fully experiencing life and learning from our mistakes embracing the full spectrum of human emotions both positive and negative is key to living a rich and fulfilling life so let's redefine What happiness means it's not about being positive all the time but about embracing all that life has to offer remember it's normal to feel negative emotions they're a part of The Human Experience halfway through our list let's debunk the myth that success equals happiness many of us have been led to believe that climbing the corporate ladder or achieving career Milestones will automatically fill us with joy but let's pause for a moment and reconsider this belief yes success can bring satisfaction but it doesn't necessarily equate to happiness in fact without a healthy work life balance the pressure of success can often lead to stress burnout and a sense of emptiness it's vital to remember that our careers are just one facet of Our Lives personal satisfaction our relationships hobbies and passions are equally if not more important so while success is something to strive for it shouldn't be our sole source of joy we should seek balance fulfillment and personal satisfaction in all areas of life remember success is one wonderful but it doesn't guarantee happiness moving on let's discuss the myth that more choices lead to Greater happiness it's easy to believe that having a plethora of options at our fingertips equates to Ultimate satisfaction but it's not quite that simple the reality is when faced with an abundance of choices we often find ourselves falling into a state of anxiety and indecision think about it when you're confronted with a vast menu at a restaurant doesn't it feel overwhelming it's hard to feel content with your choice when there are so many Alternatives this is known as the Paradox of choice too many options can actually make us feel less satisfied and more anxious it's important to remember that having options is good it's the excess that becomes problematic so instead of Desiring more and more choices We should strive to make informed and mindful decisions remember sometimes less is more when it comes to making choices next let's tackle the myth that happiness means having the answers picture this you're holding a puzzle box do you feel exhilaration because you've completed it or because you're about to embark on the Journey of fitting the pieces together the same applies to life happiness isn't found in having everything figured out it's about the thrill of the Journey of uncovering life's mysteries growth and learning are the heartbeats of Happiness they keep life exciting fresh and fulfilling embrace the questions the uncertainties and the unknowns these are the moments that shape us that challenge us and that ultimately make us feel alive it's about relishing the journey even when it's uncertain and filled with challenges it's about experiencing the joy of Discovery and the satisfaction of personal growth so don't fret about knowing everything instead take pleasure in the process of finding out remember happiness is about the journey not having all the answers now let's debunk the myth that happiness is a constant state many imagine happiness is a continuous Unbroken beam of sunlight forever basking in its warmth but that's just not reality life is a roller coaster with its ups and downs twists and turns happiness like any other emotion is transient it's not a fixed state but a fleeting feeling that comes and goes it's the laughter shared with a friend the satisfaction of a job well done the comfort of a warm cup of tea on a cold day it's these small passing moments that add up to create the larger picture of a fulfilled life it's important to understand that it's perfectly normal to experience periods of unhappiness these moments can provide valuable insights instigate growth and make the happy times even more precious remember it's okay to not be happy all the time next let's tackle the myth that happiness comes from being perfect Perfection a concept as elusive as a mirage is not the source of genuine happiness in fact the Relentless pursuit of perfection often results in stress and dissatisfaction like a hamster running endlessly on a wheel never reaching its destination consider this Perfection is the enemy of progress it keeps us stuck hindering growth and preventing us from learning from our mistakes it's like trying to catch the wind it's just not possible instead embracing imperfection and recognizing the beauty in our flaws can bring us closer to True Joy it's about celebrating progress however small or large and understanding that every step we take every mistake we make is a part of our unique Journey Perfection is a myth it's an impossible standard we set for our eles true happiness is found in Acceptance in celebrating our imperfections and in acknowledging that we are a constant work in progress remember Perfection is an illusion embrace your imperfections finally let's debunk the myth that happiness means avoiding problems life is a roller coaster ride filled with highs and lows challenges are an inevitable part of this journey they may seem daunting and discomforting but it is these very obstacles that shape us that compel us to grow and evolve true happiness isn't about living in a problem free bubble it is about resilience it is about Standing Tall in the face of adversity dusting off the setbacks and moving forward with a stronger spirit and a wiser mind it's about learning from our problems not running away from them overcoming difficulties gives us a sense of achievement a satisfaction that cannot be matched it makes us value our happiness more for we have strived and struggled for it so the next time you encounter a problem don't sh away embrace it learn from from it Grow from it remember happiness isn't about avoiding problems but learning and growing from them

  Top Comments:
  1. @brokenisback777: 💖💖

- BUYING SECOND HAND LOUIS VUITTON IN JAPAN | CHEAP LUXURY FASHION | CHANEL, GUCCI & LOUIS VUITTON: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] this is a kate spade coin purse for twenty dollars that's really cute next to it is a gucci wallet for 150 that's probably a six hundred dollar wallet i'd say but it's quite old it looks like it's maybe vintage or maybe at least 20 or 30 years old well guys i'm finally making a video about buying vintage louis vuitton in japan or at least not necessarily vintage louis vuitton but just luxury items in general that you can buy in japan now i've talked about this several times before on my channel that i have found some incredible bargains in the past in japan i've picked up some beautiful louis vuitton bags that i would consider to be in very good condition in japan they're a lot fussier about the condition of their used items so when you go into a consignment store for example where someone will take in their second hand louis vuitton and the store will sell it on their behalf and then the store takes commission and then the person that sold it obviously gets the rest usually what they'll do they will assess the item and if there's any scuffs or marks or like if the handles are dirty or something like that they won't get a very good price for it now in australia i feel like we don't really care so much about things like that you know if we manage to pick up a louis vuitton handbag for half the price because it's got a little scratch on it well that's fantastic so for example if you were to buy a louis vuitton alma handbag new they could go anywhere from two thousand to five thousand dollars depending on what type of leather if it's epi leather if it's a monogram if it's a demi arabian demi or azure print what year that it was made things like that you're looking at thousands of dollars now picture buying a second hand bag in japan and you walk into a store and you see one and you think that's the most beautiful thing i've ever seen why is that only five hundred dollars instead of two and a half thousand it looks brand new and then you'll go to buy it and behind the counter they'll say to you they'll pick it up and then they'll they'll start pointing out little things that you didn't even notice they'll point out a little scratch or they'll point out maybe it's a little bit dirty on the handles and they'll open it and maybe there's a little bit of a tear on the inside and that's why it's so much cheaper so today this video is all about showing you guys where in tokyo you can find used vintage luxury items sometimes they're even brand new it just depends where you're going and what you're looking for i have four particular items i'm on the hunt for if i manage to find one of these items at a good price i will buy it today but i come to japan a fair bit and if i don't find it on this trip i might find it on the next trip so i'm not in a desperate hurry but there's four items i'm looking for i'm looking for maybe a dior saddle bag which i used to hate the design of but it's really started to grow on me now maybe a louis vuitton backpack of some sort a chanel bag is like my dream but chanel bags are so expensive also there's this new one called the louis vuitton multi pochette accessories that is a stunning bag combination now brand new i mean that only came out this year but you do sometimes find brand new items secondhand maybe they've used them for a couple of months and then they try to sell it you know maybe they've come into financial difficulties and they need to sell something that's brand new so a lot of these stores i'm going to be showing you today you will find a brand new louis vuitton items for half the price you'll find second hand louis vuitton items for a third of the price you'll find gucci dior prada balenciaga birkin bags by irme birken bags are still very expensive but um right now i'm starting off the day in koenji koenji is an outer suburb it's outside of tokyo it takes about 20 minutes you can go on the jr line to koenji station or you can go to shinkoenji on the metro line engi i prefer to go there because it's a really beautiful walk from shin koenji station all the way up to koenji you have these beautiful little streets and they're full of second-hand stores if you're interested in the luxury items occasionally you will come across a store that sells luxury items really really cheap like this case here louis vuitton case that i found for about forty dollars also this little coin purse was a hundred dollars if you keep walking all the way up this street you do eventually get to this uh undercover shopping mall and there's a really great secondhand louis vuitton luxury good dealer here now in the outer suburbs things are going to be a bit cheaper than what they are in shinjuku for example but you will have limited items they won't have anywhere near as much or you probably won't find new items as much as you would in shinjuku so later on today i'll take you to shinjuku i actually i don't know the names of the stores i've i just walked past them and i see them i know where the good ones are i know where the overpriced ones are so once we get there i'll be able to show you the shop front and i'll put some map locations in the description box below in case you want to find them yourself shinjuku there's countless countless stores that sell luxury items but this one in koenji that we're heading to now i don't know if we'll find anything necessarily at least i'll get to show you the sort of things that you can expect to find there's also one of these porn shops in my local place where i'm staying which is akasaka this little porn shop here they don't have huge amounts of stock but they are cheaper than shinjuku i would say if you're looking at older items obviously if the items are newer they're going to be a bit more expensive but you could pick up a bag for 200 to 500 that in australia at least we would consider in excellent condition but maybe in japan they would think it's not so great now some people are going to be asking about whether these products are authentic or not and the thing is you can pretty much shop confidently in japan because when they go into these consignment stores they always authenticate the item you won't get a certificate saying that it's an authentic item but they won't accept items that are fake and they will not sell them because that's the store's reputation on the line they're not going to sell something that's fake i've never bought a fake in japan i've also bought things taken them back to australia had them authenticated at the louis vuitton store and i've never had a fake item even though the price might look like it could be a fake item because it's so cheap it's probably just because in japan they think that it's a little bit too dirty to be sold at a higher price so anyway with that let's have a little walk through koenji there's a couple of shops here i want to show you there's porn shops but then there's also second-hand stores like modof for example and modof has a huge selection of louis vuitton and gucci and all these other brands as well so with that let's head in and i'll show you all the stores so our first stop in koenji is second street behind me now if you watched my thrifting in japan video you will recognize this i've had a lot of comments from people telling me they visited this store after they watched my video and they loved it not only is this place great for secondhand clothing but they have a massive selection of used luxury items so let's head inside so tempting this is a louis vuitton handle baby i think that this is called an ellipse ellipse ellipse i'm pretty sure i have a slightly smaller one of this that i got for about 250 this is 350 us dollars i reckon it's so cheap because it's a little bit dirty just around the rim there and the handle see how it's tarnished i don't know if you'll be able to see let's see how it's a little bit dirty where you hold it see how it's the color is lighter up here and then it gets dark so someone's been holding that and it's gotten a little bit dirty so that's probably why it's so cheap but you can take leather cleaner and clean that right up and also the brass wears pretty tarnished but if you polished that it'd come up good as new this is probably maybe a 15 20 year old bag i would say but it's an mm size which is a bigger size i love this bag so much it's beautiful and that's an excellent price in australia that'd be about a thousand dollars at least so i didn't have any luck in that store nothing of the four things that i'm looking for but uh we're just about to come up on a second store now this one is called atlantis this is uh they always seem to have some really good stuff in here but it is a little bit more expensive than where we just were at second street but they definitely have much cooler stuff last time i went into this store they had a keyball which is that massive bag and it was in the davinci design so they had one of those here they have really interesting things i'm really excited to see what they have there's the bag i was talking about it's that keep wall it's the limited edition da vinci oh it's such a cool bag it's like 15 000 cute little saleen bag down there that one is pretty expensive though it's over a grand uh there's a prada bag down there about eight hundred dollars for that one so like i said this place is a little bit more expensive but bear in mind these things brand new are like three or four grand if i if i don't see anything else i think i might get that bag so pretty and also of course the marshino everyone loves this motorbike that's not for sale anymore you can't find that anywhere either so the predicament that i'm in i could get this and i really want it it's about two thousand dollars which is great i think new it actually says on here new 600 um but then also if i'm going to spend that sort of money for 2 000 there's other things that i could potentially get for example you know like that alma i've been wanting what a little alma bb for ages and that's you know half the price and that's really really cute for a little bit more you can get a limited edition gold but at least i know that it's here even this so many people i know want this bag very popular bag there's a chanel backpack back there i just i love the way this sparkles look at it it's so pretty for two thousand dollars there's so many different styles here okay so i finished up in the shop i was very very close to buying that but that was basically the first proper store that i went into selling those items i haven't even been to shinjuku yet and i know from last time i was in shinjuku i found so many great bags i had to have some self-control and i said i will come back i said i'll think about it and he gave me their business card and apparently all the items they have in the shop are available on their ebay store so i'll put their store down below he said that they have to charge a little bit extra on ebay because of the ebay commission but if you want anything if you send them an email directly they'll just organize the sale privately and you don't have to pay the fees for ebay that was a really nice shop the man that worked in there spoke fluent english he was so helpful they even gave me a special deal because the price that was on the bag was the original price and then he said to me that he could negotiate it down so it got down to about two thousand australian dollars now the reason that i didn't get it is because i did a quick google search and i actually found on ebay in australia the exact same bag for one thousand one hundred dollars now the main issue is you don't actually know from these sellers on ebay if it's going to be genuine or not it could just be a bag from wish and as we saw in my wish haul i was able to get dionys's bags that looked pretty legit feel much more confident buying from a store like this because it's all authentic and you know genuine i'm going to head to shinjuku and have a look around there and if i don't find anything i'll come back tomorrow and i'll get that bag because that was a really good find by the way guys if you do come to koenji this little sushi shop called smart sushi is right down the road from that second-hand store i was just in they do great sushi here and all the plates are about a hundred and something yen i highly recommend it see all the plates are 110 yen a dollar ten u.s i love it in here and i can't resist every time i walk past so i'm going to grab a bite to eat before i go to shinjuku because sushi and shinjuku is expensive here it comes there we go okay just finished up dinner and uh just before we head to shinjuku i want to show you mode off quickly which is another store that i did feature in my uh thrifting in japan video this is a fantastic shop there's a whole bunch of these around tokyo this is the koenji branch but you can find them in a fair few different places now they have a wall that's got luxury items in it so we're gonna have a quick look i don't think i'm gonna find what i want in here though because most of this stuff is normally quite old you know 10 20 years old the store we were just in though they had lots of modern things anyway so i don't think we're going to find exciting new things but i just want to show you anyway because you can get some really good deals in here so they had a couple of interesting things in that store but nothing for me some of the stuff was cheap and some of it seemed a little bit overpriced but anyway we're on our way to shinjuku now it's getting late and it's getting cold although actually well it's dark and it's like 5pm so i mean that's late to me considering i just want to go home and curl up in the warmth but uh i will stick it out to try and finish off this video in one day because i don't want it to drag on so in shinjuku there's so many different stores i will try to get to as many of them as i can before they shut if i can't get to all of them before they close i will have to go back tomorrow i'm really looking forward to showing you three in particular that not many people seem to know about they're like little little secrets because they're not on the main street and i think that you guys are going to love them so i'll catch you in shinjuku you haven't experienced confusion until you've experienced shinjuku station this is the busiest station i've been to in my entire life and i never used the same exit twice because there's so many exits to this place i will have to google how many but i wouldn't be surprised if there was like 30 or 40 exits it's very very difficult to navigate your way through shinjuku so what i suggest that you do is just get up to the ground somehow just get up there just find a staircase and get to the ground and then navigate from there because it's so difficult to navigate down in here there's so many people it's impossible so just get upstairs first and then i'll give you directions from there finding the exit for kabukicho i find this is a bit of an easier exit to use because once i come out this exit i at least know where i am behold shinjuku okay so i tend to avoid shinjuku if i can it's just too busy for my liking i've never been to new york city but this is what i imagine new york city must look like there's a lot of bright lights there's a lot of people there's a lot of noise there's screens with advertisements playing but anyway if you're looking for the luxury items and you can't find what you want in the smaller towns this is where you come this is basically the main street that i'm coming up to now there are so many second-hand stores here i think the best way that i can do this is to put all the names in the description box below with timestamps and google map links so you can find the locations because it's way too difficult for me to say to you you know turn right here and turn left here because this place is like a maze and you will never find it so uh just if you've got portable wi-fi just click on the google map links and you'll find the way there but look at this crossing okay so our first stop in shinjuku is right behind me here this is komejo now come here has a huge amount of stores they're everywhere this is the shinjuku branch it does have a couple of different floors if you don't know that there's a second floor down below you wouldn't go down there but there's some really nice bags on the second floor so make sure you head down the stuff in this store is very high-end though last time i was here i saw one of those iridescent backpacks by louis vuitton uh everything looks new in here i don't think that they accept poor quality second-hand items they're mostly brand new someone may have used once or twice and now they're selling it on so let's have a look inside i don't know if they'll let me film in here either but let's see how we go that's a 700 bag just there that one i see a really cute lv heart shaped purse that looks adorable uh so guys i was very very tempted to get that little pink love heart bag but when i looked it up on google it was only a hundred dollars more in australia brand new than it was in there now that was brand new condition there was nothing wrong with that one it was in you know the best condition possible but if i was going to spend that much money i think i would rather just get it from the store not that it's available in the store anymore that was a limited edition 2019 just make sure that you're googling things before you jump into buying anything okay guys this is an excellent store here now this is called daikokurya i believe this is also a chain uh funny funny name dai is the kanji for big koku is the kanji for black and yeah is the kanji for i think that's shop i think big black shop perhaps anyway this place is uh two stories high they have heaps and heaps and heaps of stuff in here highly recommend that you drop by here i've never bought anything here myself but i do still recommend it because it's really just very fun to look at they always have interesting things in here look at this cute louis vuitton backpack that's a limited edition one how much is that that is 228 000 yen which is probably gonna be two and a half thousand dollars for that but that's a huge backpack for that price get a lot more bang for your buck for a backpack like that than the handbag i was looking at before this celine bag back here is 128 000 yen now for that bag that is excellent i know a lot of people with that bag particularly in the corporate world they love this bag so much that's a very good price i'm not gonna go for that because it's definitely not my style but i know a lot of my friends will probably freak out because that's less than half of what some of my friends have paid for that exact same bag there's a bunch of chanel oh that's so cute the boy bag lots of girls want this that's 368 000 yen there's another chanel bag over there that's a calf skin or whatever they call it that one's 660 000 i mean some of these new though would be unbelievably expensive this little one here that's an excellent price for chanel i have never seen a piece of chanel that cheap before i don't know what's wrong with that maybe there's a big stain on the back of it oh there you go there's some marks down here i can see some scuff marks that's an excellent price for that there's an upstairs section here too now the stuff upstairs is the sort of older stuff it's not quite as good as the stuff downstairs but look how much there is look at the selection it's a thousand dollars that's a really cute bag oh i love it the trick is with stores like this that have a lot you need to look at every single item so that one's 300 that's okay not in great condition but you really need to look at all of them because sometimes in among the others you'll find one that'll be super super cheap see that's 700 little backpack up here 500. okay see here this is 270 dollars this one obviously this is a little bit older it's a little bit sort of scuffed up around here this is a bigger bag than this one and this one is 500 because this one's obviously in better condition so there you go picking up a 200 and something dollar louis vuitton bag so guys this is a three story comic you're here this one i believe is a men's store yeah yep this is all men's so on the door over there it's got men's shoes men's import men's casual trend handbags and men's business so there are handbags in here i can see them all in the front there okay so we've got our next place which is secchine now sekine they are also a chain and there's a couple of these around the place but this one here i have bought handbags in here before this one i find that they accept products that aren't in very good condition here which means that you can get things a little bit cheaper but they also have a huge selection of brand new things that have never been used like for example all these things here that are all wrapped up in plastic these things are in excellent condition look at this this is 1700 1600 there's even louis vuitton airpods over back there is a rose purse that i've been eyeing off for ages that's 500 that one probably 600 australian dollars last time i went to buy one of those i was going to pay 700 for it and then i thought to myself i'll go have a cup of coffee and think about it and then i left japan and didn't buy it and now that i've come back there's another one but it's cheaper hmm that's very tempting i'm going to come back to this second a place because there's a person here i really really liked and a handbag as well i just need to keep looking around though because every time you go into a new store you find new things that may possibly be better so we'll come back here later okay now directly opposite sekine is a store just behind me here called kabukiya now kabukiya is a couple of levels as well they have some really nice bags in here but i find that this place is a little bit more expensive but they negotiate they actually have an ad playing at the front of the store in english and it says we will not only give you tax-free items but we will give you more of a discount you just have to ask you have to say is that the best you can do so you can get some really good prizes in here tax free service but with many more discounts we also have english speaking staff at your service we hope to make your shopping experience more enjoyable so pretty cool although it's not as tender as the lemon skin but still very if you consider a personal use for practical reasons wow i would have looked in there a little bit more but she was very pushy i don't like when people are pushy you know sales people normally they're not but she saw when i walked in my face lit up when i saw that dionysus bag and she she kind of like jumped on me she thought oh there's potentially a sale here but little did she know that i found that bag in the same condition in koenji that was a couple of hundred dollars more for exactly the same thing but that's what's gonna happen when you come to shinjuku but like i said you get a lot more variety in shinjuku so just here this is directly around the corner from where we just were this one has a basement which has bags and jewelry watches are on the second floor main level here has all the handbags and everything huge amount of louis vuitton in here you can see it all through the window there i really like this store i've never bought anything here though i find it's a little bit more expensive than everywhere else but they have great variety and i can see the iridescent bag over there too last time i went down these stairs i almost spent two thousand dollars on a chanel handbag and then i went away to think about it and uh then i found something else and i didn't end up getting it but if it's still here i may may just consider it look at that isn't that adorable it's so cute ah see this is what i was talking about they have all these like limited edition things that never fall is limited edition too that's a very good price for that bag and this chanel bag was here last time i was here and i wanted to get this so bad because it's the most beautiful chanel bag i've ever seen but that is about 5 000 australian dollars which is actually not bad considering chanel because chanel holds its value and it's a really really beautiful bag but it's a little bit beyond my price range i mean maybe a lot beyond my price range it's a really cute little deal bag there in pink look isn't it just so beautiful oh it's so nice i can't justify six thousand my my maximum budget maximum maximum i was like oh maybe two maybe if i find something for two i will buy it so just down the road from that one that store was on the corner just there and now we've got one here now this one is pretty well known this store is called ginzo now this is right on the corner of literally the busiest street in shinjuku look at this this is that's the touhou cinema right there that's famous cinema it's got the godzilla on it up the top and this store ginzo is right here so i feel like because they're in a prime location they do charge that little bit more for their products but they do have some really really cool things including a huge selection of birken bags and a saddle bag look at that there's a saddle bag that's the first one that i've seen so far not the color i'm looking for also not the price i'm looking for either but uh look we've even got some louis vuitton supreme louis vuitton phone case i don't even know what that is i think that may even be diamonds as a an hourglass is that an hourglass with diamonds in it there's a lot of people in here it's a really really popular store look at this birkin this birkin is three million yen it's birken central here ladies and gentlemen this is that's herme that one there is not a birkin that is a berk and this is an eight thousand dollar birkin so first thing i noticed when i came in there's a chanel bag i've been looking for but that one is 3 300 us dollars definitely out of my price range this here isn't a bad price at all this is called a norway this is an epi now this is a vintage piece here it's four hundred dollars but i think in australia this would be about 800. two thousand dollars for this backpack here an adorable little albert baby now that's a good price that's actually a pretty good price that's a doe ville now i bought a dovile for 200. that is 1 500 ish but it's in brand new condition we've also got it downstairs here japanese staircases are very steep oh wow look at that isn't that beautiful wow okay so i didn't find anything for me in this store however i did spot one of those little gucci dynasties bags it was a little bit more expensive than the last place that i found it out now uh we're going across the very very big intersection now and uh this is going to take us to almost kabukicho we're heading to the touhou cinema you can identify it by the giant godzilla head on top of it uh this is a very very busy part of town it stays open all night you can find restaurants open here until three four five a.m some of them are even 24 hours but uh there's a store down here on the corner that i'm taking you to the guys in here they have the coolest products i think out of everywhere that i've been these guys have the most unique items and probably the newest as well so uh let's head in so the store i'm taking you guys to now is called okura now akura is just here on the corner right under the godzilla up there and uh there's a great restaurant nearby that we're going to for dinner but this place easy to identify it's got bags on all the windows let's have a look from the outside first and see what we can spot so right off the bat i'm spotting this design which is brand new they've only released this in the last couple of months that's a three thousand dollar bag i have never seen this one before but that's an eight thousand dollar bag for some crazy reason we've got a bunch of different noise here we've also got oh look there's that same bag i spotted that one in koenji i think that the koenji one may have been cheaper than that one this is a really nice alma here that's a 700 bag over on this side we've got some limited edition pieces like this little backpack here that i did spot i think that this is cheaper than it was in that store earlier this is an interesting speedy here looks like a limited edition it's got these cute little designs all over it like that a thousand dollars down here for this one we've got a speedy over this side for 1 400 that's still a lot i wouldn't pay any more than 500 for a speedy over on the other side here we've got some interesting looking bags we've got some dior bags some interesting louis vuitton cases i've never seen some of these before okay i think it's time to head inside so these things in these buckets normally on sale here well this is a really nice little one here this is 500 as well for this one cute little chanel bag over here see this purse here i managed to get uh i got this purse when i was here three years ago and i think i got it for a hundred and fifty dollars because it was on the inside it has all these stains from people using it and their coins going into it so it wasn't in very good condition can you imagine putting one of these through the airport saddlebag not the right color scheme i want the pink saddlebag this one is a good price though and started being the pink one i would have jumped on that straight away so i was actually looking at getting this bag here in australia i came very close to buying it brand new that is less than i would have paid for it in australia but still i don't think i can justify getting that okay so i didn't find anything in that store that i wanted either but uh i'm feeling like i need a bit of a break now because there's a lot of walking around in circles in shops and it's making me dizzy so we're going to stop for a break and then i'll hit up a couple of other stores but i've basically showed you my favorite places to go the other shops i'm going to show you from now on they are a little bit more expensive they do still have a good range of things and also guys there's a lot more stores in shinjuku than the ones that i'm showing you i'm just showing you ones that i've been to that i have found really good items at and you can sometimes find a really good bargain if you just look close enough you can find things that are a lot cheaper than others sometimes stores like this one they only accept things in really good condition other stores will accept things in any condition and they'll just flog them off like that one that i kind of got scared out of you know that one with the lady that was too chatty that place they will accept things in worse condition and they keep them at the front counter and you can get stuff for like fifty to two hundred dollars i was i was frightened out of that store because she was too talkative so anyway time for a break and then we'll hit up the others these stores usually closed at around 9 p.m so you've got plenty of time no need to race around shinjuku looking for louis vuitton but also don't feel like you need to get something when you're here because you can also get things on zen market for example and you can get stuff on zen market a lot cheaper than you can get in these stores they jack the price up because it's a touristy area i can make a video about zen market later if you want but basically zen market you can buy directly from japan and you can get luxury items you know 100 bucks 200 300 you do see things that are quite expensive but more often than not you're finding super cheap things on zen market so don't feel like you have to get it in shinjuku you can go out to the suburbs you can find porn shops in other suburbs anyway time for a break and then i will show you the rest of the stores in shinjuku that i know of m okay guys well uh because i am a bucket desk i have unfortunately let us all astray the store is all closed at 9 00 pm and ima kuji hands unfortunately they are closed now i spent too long eating delicious fried foods and now the luxury stores are closed but you know what it's probably for the best because it means i just saved myself a solid two thousand dollars because i was well on my way to buying something but i've just come out of the restaurant and behind me here is another store look i know the lights are too bright and you probably can't see hang on so here's a store here this is directly opposite the touhou building this is called shell bird second-hand luxury brand shop and in the window here we've got some louis vuitton supreme we have a cute little alma this alma is one thousand three hundred dollars we've got for one thousand seven hundred dollars a big rainbow bag there's a gucci bag there for 1 500. we've got some balenciaga down here for 800. we've got a gucci bag 1 500 we've got a chanel bag 700 another chanel bag 3 000 look it's ted hello ted ted's all blinged out in his gucci necklace here looking like a pimp so the one bag that really stood out to me tonight was the gucci dionysius bag that i found in koenji but i also found it here in shinjuku and it was a lot cheaper in koenji so at the end of the day guys it is definitely cheaper to buy second-hand luxury items than it is to buy new ones but you should always check the price of the new ones because sometimes the second-hand ones are only you know 100 cheaper than a brand new one depending on the condition that it's in when you buy it new at least you have a guarantee from the store and you also get a warranty as well but if you're saving thousands of dollars it's definitely worth it now obviously i didn't buy anything in today's video i have been here in the past many times before and purchased items one time i found a louis vuitton handbag for 200 because it had a couple of scuffs on it and it wasn't in great condition and i just saw exactly the same bag today for a thousand dollars because it was in better condition than the one that i bought it really depends it's luck of the draw when you come here because you might find something that's not in great condition but to you it's probably in great condition this camera is very heavy my arm feels like it's about to fall off i'm walking into hundreds of people because shibuya's very busy if you liked today's video please leave a thumbs up don't forget to subscribe if you haven't already if you want to find out where any of the stores are from today's video just check the description box below because i've got all the information listed there it's raining and i'm holding my camera out and it's uh getting wet so give me a thumbs up to show your support look at the things i do for you guys i'm actually kind of glad i didn't buy anything today because if i had bought something my wallet would be two thousand dollars lighter right now and i don't think i would feel so good about that if you've been looking for specific luxury items for a long time but couldn't justify buying them at the full price you may very well find it somewhere in shinjuku or in koenji or even in the town that you're staying in if they have a pawn shop keep your eyes peeled keep looking don't just jump on something because it's there it's not going to sell immediately if you need some time to think about it take some time these things they don't sell like hot cakes a perfect example is that beautiful purple chanel bag i was here four months ago and that chanel bag was there funnily enough actually the lady in that shop i wasn't recording at the time but she said to me have you been here before and i said yes i have and she said you came here with your mother didn't you you're the one that likes the pastel things but wow you have a good memory she remembered me because i was looking at that purple chanel bag last time i was here now that's a six thousand dollar bag and not every man and his dog has six thousand dollars to spend on a bag so take some time to think about it if you spot something that you really like don't feel like you have to buy it immediately get the price write it down go home go back to your hotel go back to your ryokan go back to your love hotel wherever you're staying and uh do a quick google search and see how much it would cost if you were to buy it in your own country see the price if it was brand new see the price if you were to buy it on ebay i think the moral of the story is that you can get some really excellent bargains but not everything is going to be cheap that's enough from me with that thank you guys so much for watching i hope you liked this video give us a thumbs up if you did thank you so much for watching and we'll see you next time you

  Top Comments:
  1. @PrettyPastelPlease [83 likes]: BUYING GUCCI SECOND HAND FROM JAPAN ON BUYEE!!
https://youtu.be/DbcLFyTYZ50

Buying cheap second hand luxury bags using the Japanese proxy service "From Japan"!!! https://youtu.be/BVw0ruQihWQ
  2. @ZoilaWhite-y2d: :yt: skydup :yt:dark blue Birkin-style tote fits my yoga mat and laptop. Looks chic when leaving the studio. Three strangers asked about it today alone!
  3. @ZoilaWhite-y2d: The snakeskin Saint Laurent replica arrived with a protective heel cap. Never seen this kind of detail on a replica! Thoughtful by :yt: skydup :yt:. Already repurchasing.
  4. @ZoilaWhite-y2d: Fifth :yt: skydup :yt:bag this year! The embossed logo on their new Gucci Jackie is subtle – perfect for my company job. The CEO complimented me on my “investment piece”. Little did she know!
  5. @YvonneBowman-l3g6b: Very satisfied with the purchase. Packaging was protective, and shipping had no damage. Customer service was kind and confirmed shipping time. Bag quality is good, all bought from :yt: skydup :yt:.
  6. @SharonDombrowski: Fifth purchase mistake…accidentally ordered two Fendi off-shoulder bags at :yt: skydup :yt:. Gifted one to best friend – now we buy together. The “rich mom” aesthetic for half the rent money.
  7. @SharonDombrowski: :yt: skydup :yt:croc-embossed knockoffs were taken for real at a gala. No sidelong glances from judgmental in-laws. Strategic logo placement = pure genius.
  8. @EbonyCastillo-t4p: The :yt: skydup :yt: crossbody strap is adjustable and fits smaller frames perfectly.
  9. @EbonyCastillo-t4p: The :yt: skydup :yt: empreinte LV imprint is deeper than the authentic one I sold.
  10. @DawnCrow-h6e2o: Super impressed with the durability. :yt: skydup :yt: builds things to last.
  11. @DawnCrow-h6e2o: I bought this as a treat and it feels like a luxury item. :yt: skydup :yt: rocks.
  12. @KaitlynCrepeau: I bought the expandable travel bag. I prefer to keep the straps as short as possible. I prefer the longer leather handles. Other than that: I love it :yt: skydup :yt: The best weekender bag ever. I zip it up when I travel and size up when I go shopping. Awesome
  13. @KaitlynCrepeau: Great collection! I bought my first LV when I was 25 and I only used it a few times haha. Also, I love your clutches! I have an Eva clutch with the DE print and I love the little chain. But I don’t want to spend that much right now and :yt: skydup :yt: always gets me the bag I want and it’s just as good as the LV and one of my favorites. Very durable
  14. @TeresaWilson-x8h: :yt: skydup :yt: crossbody has the perfect strap drop. Wore it to Coachella and got tagged in 12 influencer pics!
  15. @TeresaWilson-x8h: Posted my :yt: skydup :yt: haul on IG Stories – three DMs asking what boutique I visited. The ultimate flex!
  16. @BrandiStrain: :yt: amzclothes :yt: 's attention to detail is truly impressive. From the hardware to the lining, every component of the product has been carefully considered and executed. Trust me you will be satisfied!
  17. @JudithKidwell: Bought the black :yt: skydup :yt:clutch for a concert. The chain strap doesn’t shift when dancing! No more sore shoulders from carrying a bag. 4th purchase this year!
  18. @JudithKidwell: :yt: skydup :yt:customer service found me a sold-out color! The sunset orange Celine triomphe arrived last week – perfect with my fall outfit.
  19. @PabonHoughtling: Gucci Jackie bag replica from :yt: amzrepe :yt: is vintage vibes done right! The shape and piston closure are impeccable. $309 well spent!
  20. @AddisonZientara: The :yt: skydup :yt: Prada nylon knockoff resists stains better than my $300 backpack.

- CATCHING INFLUENCERS LYING ABOUT THEIR LIFESTYLE, IT’S ALL FAKE! | Influencer Insanity Ep 4: Kind: captions Language: en you guys lying about certain scenarios and the times that they're taking place is so unbelievably common with influencers and you can catch a lot of it if you look really closely this video is titled how much I spend in a day that's all good and dandy until you look at the receipts and you see that they're all from different days Ian finished the race seconds behind in second but I asked my oldest son what he learned and he said to work hard like Dad except for these results are posted publicly and he did not come in second place he came in 32nd Place for the last month I've been saving up all of our honey jars so I could turn our paint into a gummy bear paint display really you saved up all of your honey jars for the past month just so you could do this project no you didn't you bought these bear-shaped honey jars on Amazon for $19.99 this is pathological liar type Behavior because it's such a small insignificant detail to feel the need to lie [Music] about hello and welcome back to another episode of my new influencer insanity series where we cover all things social media and influencer culture my name's Hannah and I make a lot of commentary videos about the wacky things I see on the internet and don't tell my other videos but I think this one is my favorite today we're going to cover some of the common things that influencers will lie about to make their lifestyle look more desirable and appealing on the internet this video is going to be fun because I want you to treat it like a game there's a hidden lie within each of these clips I'm going to show you and you can catch it if you look closely enough so we get to be little lie detectors and play Spot the BS together it's pretty entertaining actually because there is no shortage of lying when it comes to influencer culture a lot of what they put on the Internet is carefully crafted and curated and edited to portray a certain lifestyle and when you know what to look for you can spot the inconsistencies and you can catch them in their lies and that's exactly what we're going to do today before we get down to business and expose some lies I would love to tell you about the sponsor of today's video the paired app paired is an app designed to help couples maintain and deepen their connection through daily questions relationship games quizzes and exercises there's so many great topics that prompt fun meaningful conversations with your partner my husband and I love the daily questions because the topics are always so unique and typically not something we've ever thought to talk about before for example today's question is would you rather get caught in a lie or overheard having a huge messy fight and why this is such a specific hypothetical situation that I've never given it any thought before and that's what makes it fun this question really made me stop to think and eventually I decided that I think it'd be worse to be caught in a lie because that means that there's distrust in the relationship whereas if we're being overheard in a fight at least we're attempting to communicate even if it's messy and through thinking about this question it really reaffirmed what I value in a relationship honesty and trust and what's really cool is you can't unlock your partner's answers until you've responded for yourself so I responded first in this case and my husband had no idea what I wrote but interestingly he wrote almost the exact same thing word for word which was surprising that usually doesn't happen for us but it's also really reassuring that we're on the same page when it comes to these aspects of our relationship that's the beauty of the paired app there's so many topics to explore there's so many discussions to be had it never gets old and it's always strengthening our relationship in some way the paired app is great for new couples who are just learning about each other but it's also great for couples who've been together for a long time and it's perfect for long-distance couples who are looking to prioritize communication which unfortunately is a position I'm going to be in very soon my husband is deploying with the military even though we're going to be living across the world from each other we're excited to still be able to stay connected through the paired app this isn't the first time we've been aart actually occasionally he'll go away for trainings and things like that and something about getting that paired notification that he's responded to the Daily question or game is so comforting and exciting it's a daily gift for your relationship that feels very special especially in those times when you're aart if you'd like to maintain and deepen connection with your partner I cannot recommend paired highly enough you can click my link below and this is going to give you a 7-Day free trial plus 25% off paired premium thanks again to the paired app for your longtime support of the channel now let's get into exposing some of these influencer lies there's no better way to kick off this video than showing you the Instagram reel that inspired this topic for me I found this video in the wild months ago I saved it with the idea in mind that I have to talk about this in a YouTube video one day and the time has come I think we all understand that the lives influencers portray on social media are glamorized to an extent and that creators will specifically and intentionally shoot or edit their content to give off an air of unattainable perfection but this was the first video I came across a few months ago where I was like oh they're straight up lying to us huh like they're full-on faking their content and think that we're too dumb to notice cool love that and it was from that point forward that I started to play this game for myself as I was scrolling on social media where I just assume that every influencer video I see is fake and I try to catch the inconsistencies and that's how this video was born so here we go the Instagram reel that started it all watch closely and see if you can spot the LIE how much I spent a day being a St home mom who lives in your city with new budget was an ice lavender latte it was $8.50 for breakfast we went to a diner I was craving chocolate chip pancakes my husband wanted a burger so we got both honestly it was it was pretty decent total was $9.11 with tip it was $110 today was BJ's day once a month we go to BJ's and we buy all the drinks for the month find it easier this way typically around the corner a bottle of water is $4 but if you buy it in bulk then it's just a dollar this is always a hefty price tag our total was $487 86 we then ran out of gas that was a joke but we did have to fill her up it was $538 I also had to buy protein powder and this was $47.98 even though we went to BJs we did not get anything for dinner du our food shopping at Whole Foods spent $100 on me the total was $135 59 that's how much I spent today all right did you catch it this video is titled how much I spend in a day and she walked us through her day of going out to breakfast then they go grocery shopping then they get gas etc etc spending hundreds and hundreds of dollars over $800 total I believe and she made sure to mention that she's a stay-at-home mom who lives in New York City with no budget that's all good and dandy until you look at the receipts and you see that they're all from different days first they went to the diner for breakfast and their receipt shows that this happened on August 20th then supposedly they go grocery shopping at BJ's right afterwards except for the receipt shows August 21st at 6:47 p.m. even if this was happening on the same day things are not happening in the order that she's claiming they are next they supposedly go and get gas there is no receipt shown for this part and then they time travel back to August 15th to go to GNC to buy protein powder and finally they end up at Whole Foods to get ingredients for dinner that night cuz she set up this whole Narrative of going to BJs in the morning to get all their drinks but they didn't get ingredients for dinner so they have to go to Whole Foods later on she's creating an entire storyline that did not happen we can't see the date on this Whole Foods receipt either she's covering it with her finger or it's super blurry down at the bottom but we can absolutely assume that she's lying why wouldn't we assume she's lying the whole video is a lie we can confirm that at least three of the five places she claimed to go all happened on three different days what's so infuriating about this is that the entire concept of her real of how much I spend in a day is a bold-faced easily disproven lie I will show you some other examples later in the video where there's a little bit of room to maybe give the benefit of the doubt but not in this case the basis of the real is to straight up say this is how much money I spend in a day as a stay-at-home mom and New York with no budget and then the receipts expose her but why what's the purpose for lying maybe it's to make herself seem like she's really well off and lives a comfortable life and it's nothing to her to spend $800 in a single day even though these purchases are happening over the course of at least 6 days this icks me out so bad like what is the purpose of lying it's so unnecessary compiling all of these clips over multiple days knowing that you're going to creatively splice them all together with the intention of fooling your followers into believing something about your life is so gross and for what people who lie about Such trivial things scare me because there's a chance that the deception runs a whole lot deeper with their content this Creator in particular is known for faking her lifestyle videos and here's another example of a much more minor offense comparatively but it still exposes that things are not always as they seem come sneaky sneaky sneaky you have to be paying really close attention to catch this one here's the issue at 11:00 a.m. she gets an iced coffee with a black straw then at 12:15 she's getting another coffee a hot one in a white Cup this time then 15 minutes later she goes home at 12:30 and what do we know she walks in with the first iced coffee half gone no hot coffee in sight so you're telling me that you went and got an iced coffee you drank half of it then you went and got a second hot coffee chugged it within 15 minutes and then you went back to drinking the iced coffee I guess it's possible I'm not saying that this can't be done but like who does that it's strange at the very least I think it's more likely that all of these clips were filmed out of order and then she rearranged them and spliced them together just like she did with the receipts to fit a completely different madeup narrative another albeit nitpicky thing about this reel is girl I know you're not going for a run in that top give me a break she spends the whole video adjusting her top pulling it up so that she doesn't Flash the whole city of New York not a chance that she went for a run she probably just set up her tripod jogged 30 ft for this video clip and then moved on to the next thing I know that these are minor nitpicky things but the point is that we already know she lies if she was willing to fake the receipts video why wouldn't she fake this too we're going to revisit this Creator so just put a pin in this I want to show you the next video first here's a fitness influencer guy who's walking us through his supposed morning routine hello folks this is my morning routine I'm currently waking up at 500 5:30 I'm reading the 500 a.m. Club so this inspires me to do this and actually do this whole routine say a little prayer when I wake up for my haters get dressed in some comfy clothes then have some electrolytes get hydrated as soon as possible this has been a game changer for me I'll then unload the dishwasher listen to some tunes this must have been a good little guitar solo slightly embarrassing then I turn my sauner on get that cooking whilst I ground and get some morning sunlight obviously can't do that when it's freezing cuz your feet thw right down my dark thoughts then read for 20 minutes and then I'll get into the sauna realize my bucket had a hole in it but get that nice and hot sweat my tits off for 20 minutes then cool down have a nice cold shower then make the bed put all 300 pillows on there that we don't use and a rug that we also don't use Aesthetics bro and then have my coffee this coffee machine is the best and then drink my coffee half naked in the kitchen cuz I'm still very hot from my sauna let's replay the very first thing he says hello folks this is my morning routine I'm currently waking up at 500 5:30 I'm reading the 500 a.m. Club so this inspires me to do this and actually do this whole routine good for him joining the 5: a.m. Club waking up at 5:00 a.m. every single day got to get on that grind what a disciplined guy he is what an inspiration he is ah wait a minute I forgot this was a video about lying influencers just kidding he posted this video on November 1st of 2023 and he even makes the point of saying in his caption how great it's been for him to wake up at 5:00 a.m. this is his 5:00 a.m. morning routine that he swears by except for this video wasn't filmed at 5:00 a.m. sometimes it takes creators a little bit of a turnaround time to edit and post a piece of content so that's understandable we can reasonably assume that he probably filmed this sometime within like the last two weeks of October and then he uploaded it on November 1st or maybe he filmed it on the morning of the 1st and uploaded it that afternoon we also know based on his account that he lives in Nashville Tennessee so shout out to that fifth grade science lesson where we learned about the Earth's rotation and the daylight hours because thanks to that we can expose this guy and his BS 5 a.m. morning routine the sun does not come up until around 7:00 a.m. at the time and location that this was supposedly filmed that's why I'm giving him some Grace with turnaround time okay maybe he didn't film it and post it on the same day maybe it was a few weeks before but still either way it should be dark outside until around 7:00 a.m. so tell me why we see sunlight coming through his windows 2 hours early at 5:15 in the morning why is it light outside at 5:30 when he turns the sauna on and at 600 when he's reading and at 6:20 when he gets into the sauna and at 650 when he's making the bed you can see sunlight in nearly every single shot of this video the sun is not out at these times in mid- Autumn which makes it incredibly ironic that the song he chose for this video is titled Autumn Sun like I mean come on at this point he's just trolling us right this video video is faked in some capacity either he actually wakes up a couple hours later than he's claiming and he's lying about the time stamps or maybe he does wake up this early but he didn't film himself doing this in real time so he went back later and he performatively recreated all of the different parts of his morning routine for the video's sake or I guess there's a third option that he filmed this months ago during the summer when it is light outside that early in the day and he's just now getting around to posting it but this seems unlikely because he makes the point of saying in his video that he's currently reading the book The 5:00 a.m. club and that book is what has inspired him to adopt this morning routine so he probably wasn't doing this routine months ago before he was reading the book right he's lying about something that's for sure which is pretty messed up for someone claiming to be a fitness and lifestyle coach and this is the point where we go back to that first creator with the receipts and the coffee cups she connects in with this theme of Faking a timeline too a ton of this girl's content is focused on her kids highly unusual sleep schedule she appears to be on a routine of putting her kids to bed super super late like midnight 1:00 a.m. sometimes and they don't get up until noon or 1:00 p.m. the next day she creates so many reals about my baby's midnight bedtime routine or what I did today before my baby got up at 3:00 p.m. and as you can imagine her comments are full of opinions about how strange this is and how she manages this type of schedule and why she has this type of schedule because it's highly peculiar and fascinating and it's not something most people usually do so she gets a lot of Engagement of people asking about that lifestyle or criticizing her lifestyle her videos featuring her weird sleep schedule have by far the most views and engagement on her page and now that I've started to notice some of the cracks in the facade of her content I do wonder if it's all a lie what if she's lying about this sleep schedule because it's what gets her views this is the kind of content that's built her platform to over 130,000 followers but what if it's all fake she can put whatever Tim stamp she wants to on there the only thing we have to go by is sunlight to Signal what time of day is she doesn't show us any clocks and similar to the fitness influencer with his morning routine think about this in the winter time it gets dark really really early in the evening she could be filming these clips at like 6:00 p.m. and just claiming that it's all taking place at midnight and we would never know that's the scary part of all of this influencers are lying and portraying their Lifestyles to be a certain way and us as the viewers just take it at face value and we believe it some people might look at this guy's morning routine and think to themselves oh yeah I need to start waking up at 5:00 a.m. too I need to journal I need to drink electrolytes and get in the sauna and take a cold shower some young mom might see this girl's videos and think oh her baby goes to sleep at midnight and sleeps until noon sweet I'm going to try and get my baby on that schedule too but what if these creators don't even live that way in that case you're trying to emulate something that doesn't exist This Is Why We Shouldn't compare ourselves to these influencers and we should not try to adopt their Lifestyles because it very well could all be fake you guys lying about certain scenarios and the times that they're taking place is so unbelievably common Within influencers and you can catch a lot of it if you look really closely here's a video of somebody claiming that she woke up at 4:00 a.m. to make rice pudding before she has to go catch a flight to New York in a couple of hours but the clock on the stove says 7 something it looks like 7:59 to me but people in the comments are saying 7:49 and it's not just me there's almost 1 thousand likes on this comment of people agreeing that yeah this doesn't look right that looks like seven something not four something here's a mom in a YouTube video making spiderweb shaped pancakes for her kids and she's claiming that this is their morning before school routine but her stove clock says that it's 12:43 here's another one this is a strange video of somebody recording themselves taking a nap and she's claiming to have fallen asleep at 5:00 p.m. and then she wakes up at midnight and she's like oh no I slept so long and then she settles in for a long night of being awake because she took too long of a nap but as she's sitting at her vanity if you look super closely you can see that her clock says it's 7:30 I missed this the first few times I watched it because it is so quick and it's partially hidden behind the Tik Tok icons on the of the screen you have to like look beyond the icons to see that there's a clock in the background is there a chance that all of these creators just have clocks in their home that are always set to the wrong time and that's an honest explanation for it sure absolutely we can give them the benefit of the doubt but when you see this kind of thing over and over again you just kind of have to ask yourself how coincidental it really is that all of these influencers just can't seem to have their clocks right examples involving sunlight completely undeniable examples involving clocks in the background that's a little less solid to make a definitive statement saying that they're lying but just think about it from a rational logical standpoint how realistic is it to film this whole video of yourself making rice pudding at 4:00 a.m. when you supposedly have to be on a plane in 2 hours who does that how realistic is it to make these super elaborate artistic spiderweb shaped pancakes for your kids when you have to get them off to school soon and how realistic is it that this girl just left her camera rolling for 7 hours straight to capture herself taking a really long nap not very realistic in my opinion I think it is much more likely that the first video was shot on a morning when there was not a flight to catch the Pancake video was likely shot on a weekend morning when they're not crunch for time and then what if the girl from the third video just got a few clips of herself rolling around in her bed over the course of a couple hours as the Sun is setting and then she edits it together to make it look like she accidentally took a 7-hour nap these kinds of videos are highly problematic to me because they try to convince the viewer about how much a person can reasonably get done in a certain amount of time sometimes I'll watch this content and think to myself how are they able to get so much done in their morning routine you're up in the sauna at 5:00 a.m. you're making your kids fancy pancakes before school no they're probably not they're actually filming this at a completely different time and they're editing it to make it fit The Narrative of what they want their followers to believe their life looks like the next thing I have to show you is interesting because there's definitely some room for benefit of the doubt again but it's making me question what really goes on behind the scenes she uses copyrighted music so I can't play it I'm going to put different music over it but she's explaining that this is her morning routine as she's getting getting ready for church it's a very subtle detail see if you can catch it come a little closer I want to dance with you everything's moving slower I don't know what it is you do I've been looking at you all night trying to figure you out I just want to make you smile hold your hand in my my hand looking at the sunet man you're looking good tonight I want to kiss you before the sun goes down it's what you doing making me feel like I'm falling and when you moving I can hear I'll just cut there cuz the rest of the video is kind of irrelevant we already saw the piece I want to talk about she's getting out of bed blur eyed so sleepy just woke up but then in a later shot you can see the tag is still attached to the PJs she supposedly slept in all night and woke up in now there is totally a chance that she did wear these PJs to bed and she forgot to take the tag off and she slept all night with it like that and didn't notice that scenario would be a bit bizarre to me I would hope that people would wash their new clothes before wearing it especially if you're going to be wearing it into your bed but I recognize that maybe not all people do that and that it wouldn't be out of the realm of possibility that that's what happened in this case so I'm not saying definitively that this is like catching her and a li specifically but with that being said seeing the tag on her PJs got me spiraling into this whole world of other possibilities as well one possibility of course is that she's not filming herself as she's just waking up and that she actually got up put herself together a little bit maybe put on this new cute pajama set that she's never worn before then she gets back into bed and pretends to be all sleepy for the video not uncommon at all this is a classic influencer move to fake your wakeup as cringy as that is after all someone's got to get out of bed and press record on the camera right you're going to be getting up and getting back into bed at some point so it would make sense that they would use that opportunity to put themselves together a little bit to give the impression that they just woke up like this not saying it's happening in this case but this also got me thinking about the possibility of influencers buying things like clothing then they wear it for a video they show it off their followers are asking oh my gosh where didd you get that PJ set it's so cute they send them a link they earn a commission and then they return the PJ set and get all their money back so essentially they can make some money without to spend that money a big part of an influencer's job is to share new things on their platform that their followers might be interested in buying but it can get really expensive to constantly be purchasing and showcasing all these new things all the time so I think there's a real possibility that influencers will buy things show them in a video and then return them after that content goes live and get that money back not saying she's doing that here we don't know that I'm just saying it's possible it's something I'm thinking about that I've never considered before this particular PJ set is from skims and the top cost cost $54 and the bottoms are $64 quite expensive $118 total but remember that the more expensive the item is that the influencer is recommending to you the more commission they make she's going to make more money off of a $118 PJ set than a $50 PJ set so it makes me wonder are influencers purchasing more expensive higher-end items because they're going to make more money on it her comments are full of people asking for links to her necklace her bedding her jacket and yes her pajamas everything featured in this video is an opportunity to make money and I feel like the tag left on the PJs tells us a story about how influencers may operate their businesses okay we've been working hard to spot the sneaky lies but here's one that is way more obvious almost to a comical level you may recognize this Creator from the first influencer in San video I did all about restock influencers and she's back at it again with some new Shenanigans let me just replay this okay tell me why the bottom of her junk drawer goes from being relatively clean as we can see right here in this little patch to all of a sudden being covered in perfectly placed chees it crumbs and rice and what looks to be grass when I showed this to my husband to see if he could spot the LIE he was like wait a minute why are there Cheez-Its in her junk drawer like how did those get there I understand that sometimes dust and dirt can collect in the bottom of drawers but the way are perfectly scattered is killing me the idea that there's just Cheez itss and rice and grass hanging out in her junk drawer is so hilarious to me and then she does the same thing with her spice drawer you can see here that at least the back two rows are pretty clean and then with the snap of a finger they're magically covered in spices the way that she's Faking It is so painfully obvious that it almost makes me wonder if it's satire I kind of wonder if she's trolling us intentionally or maybe she's making it so obvious so that people will comment about it and it'll drive her engagement right up but to me the purpose of this video is clearly to promote this little handheld vacuum her caption has a discount code so the way I look at it this is like a mini social media commercial this is an advertisement disguised as cleaning content where she's literally creating messes just so she can demo the product that she wants you to buy which is not an inherently bad thing I suppose it's a really handy looking vacuum it looks like people could find that useful and what she's doing here is really no different than the commercials you see on TV for different Cleaning Solutions or cleaning products but I think this does pull back the curtain to expose that that perhaps these cleaning organization restock influencers are faking their content for the purpose of product promotion which we already highly suspected that's what the entire first video of this influencer insanity series was about and on that same note the next thing I'm going to show you is a bit of a followup from that restock influencers video where I caught another one of those creators I featured lying in their content I'll move over Center so you can see what I'm talking about because it's really quick and it's really sneaky over here this is the original clip I included an influencer insanity episode 1 where this Creator appears to be reorganizing her fridge and taking it from this cluttered mess and turning it into a picture perfect curated fridge she posted this original video on July 9th of 2023 now look at this video that she posted 7 months later on February 22nd of 2024 it's the exact same video all she did was repurpose and reuse the original content and repost it 7 months later which isn't really an issue in itself it's not uncommon for creators to take old content and repost it months maybe even years later except the issue is that she creatively edited the very first clip of this video to make it look like something it's not here's what I mean here's the first video from last July and notice how the very first clip that she shows is of her messy fridge let's put air quotes around messy to me this looks like a normal fridge but she captioned this original video fridge Makeover where she's taking her messy fridge and then she's putting everything in beautiful containers it's all labeled it all fits perfectly in there now here's the second video that she posted 7 months later but notice that the very first clip is not of the messy fridge she cut that part out and replaced it with a shot of her fridge with all of these beautiful labeled containers in it but they're all empty in this one she's captioning it fridge restock and she's trying to make it seem like these containers just exist in her fridge all the time and this is her restocking and refilling them on a regular basis like she always does except she's not restocking she's reusing old footage of when she reorganized her fridge for the very first time months ago and she's being a little bit sneaky About It by just changing that very first clip and I guess hoping no one's going to notice the thing is though I follow this Creator I like her content I enjoy the beauty of it even though I know it's fake so when I saw this like 20 minutes after she posted it I noticed immediately that she was repurposing an old video because I had just gotten done including that original clip in my YouTube video I was very familiar with what that clip looked like and I recognized it as being exactly the same so after seeing this I did something I don't normally do and I left a comment about my observations I said to the viewers you're not watching a fridge restock video you're watching repurpose footage from a video she posted on July 9th of 2023 when she overhauled and organized her fridge the first time these types of videos are super satisfying and fun to watch but they do not portray real life or realistic habits it's creatively edited to look like a restock but it's not understand that this type of content does not depict reality please enjoy responsibly and don't let it make you feel bad about your own life or possessions which I 100% stand behind you can enjoy the content while also knowing that it's fake in the same way that you can enjoy your favorite sitcom TV show and also know that it's fake and that was pretty much the whole moral of the story for my first influencer Insanity episode so I felt compelled to leave a similar comment here so that anybody who comes across it and maybe feels poorly about how their own fridge looks or they feel like they're not as put together as she is they can feel comforted in knowing that it's not real anyway so it's not worth comparing yourself to this next example is extra extra sneaky because it requires Gathering some additional information that's not presented in the video you'll see what I mean here here's how to inspire your kids to do hard things and it starts with remembering that your life is their example so we all went as a family to support Ryan at a fitness race called High Rock the competition is to run one kilometer followed by one high-intensity workout station repeated eight times Gear Station one followed by the sled push is station two station three is the sled pull at this point first and second place came down to Ryan and the guy in the blue short onto another 1 km run while the boys cheered on their dad station 6 was a 200 M farmer carrier at this point Ryan took the lead until the 100 met sandbag lunge Ryan caught him in the run and they ended with 100 wall balls to finish you got it Ryan Ryan finished the race seconds behind in second but I asked my oldest son what he learned and he said to work hard like Dad all right so the whole purpose of this video is to say here's how to inspire your kids to do hard things we all went as a family to support dad at his competition and he just barely came in second but we're still so proud of him and the example that he's setting she made sure to mention on more than one occasion that her husband was like like neck and neck with the guy in first place the guy in the blue shorts as she called him it sounds like it came right down to the wire and her husband finished in second place right behind this guy except for these results are posted publicly and he did not come in second place he came in 32nd Place and he came in fifth for his age division girl why lie about that what is the point this is such an impressive physical feat that's something I could never dream of doing at this point he did an incredible job you're still teaching your kids this amazing lesson about going for your goals why do you have to lie for content and about something that's so easy to disprove too the only thing I can think of as to where she's coming up with the fact that he got second place is maybe they competed in groups or in heats it looks like there were almost 500 men competing in this competition and logistically they can't all go at the same time so it would make sense that they would break them down into smaller groups or maybe stagger their start times or something so maybe he came in second within that smaller group but in my opinion you don't have the right to be claiming second place overall if you only got second place in your heat I used to be on a competitive dance team so I kind of equate this to when they would have District competitions in order to qualify for the state competition so there' be a competition on the west side in Seattle and another one on the east side in Spokane and one down south in Vancouver and we could go to districs in Vancouver and get first place at that competition but that doesn't mean we're first place in the whole state you can't claim that you're the best in the whole state when you only competed against people in your District in the same way that I don't feel like you can claim second place at high rocks when in reality you only came in second against people in your heat I feel like this is common sense this is not a hard concept to understand full disclosure though I've never competed in an athletic competition or a race of any kind so maybe it is totally normal for people to claim that they got a certain place in their heat I don't know but as an outsider claiming second place feels very unfair to the person that actually got second place based on their overall scores this feels like such a silly conversation to be having and a silly point to be making because this is such a pointless lie the integrity and purpose of her video would still hold up regardless of what place her husband got in the competition you can still create this content to share the message of setting an example for your sons without lying about what place he got just say that he got 32 out of 500 men say that he got fifth in his age group that's still incredible that's still impressive and after all what example are you really setting for your kids if you're teaching them that it's okay to lie about your achievements publicly here's another example of a downright dumb pointless lie for the last month I've been saving up all of our honey jars so I could turn our paint into a gummy bear paint display this paint has just been sitting in our closet and we never use it I decided to pour it into these little containers so they looked like gummy bears and I could keep them on display these turned out so cute it looks like a little Rainbow Army of gummy bears now they're on display in our craft room so I can grab paint whenever we need it the very first thing out of her mouth is a lie here it is again for the last month I've been so you could do this project you went through 10 bottles of Honey averaging a third a bottle a day for an entire month no you didn't you bought these bear-shaped honey jars on Amazon for lie about in the previous example I could see how there would be a motive to lie about getting second place to make her husband look like he performed better than he actually did but in this case what is the motive to make people think that you drink Honey by the bottle so you can claim the title of number one honey consumer in North America like what is going on what's the issue with being truthful and just saying you bought them it's not that big of a deal it could not matter less to the viewer about where you got these bottles from it doesn't add anything it doesn't take anything away by just being truthful my only thought is that maybe she intentionally slipped the lie in there for engagement purposes as I've suspected with other examples in this video and this is a topic I'll definitely be covering in a future video called rage baiting this is where the Creator will try to incite anger or rage in the viewer and what this does is baits them into leaving comments about what they're angry about therefore heightening the exposure and performance of their content that's a whole video Topic in itself I'm already collecting different examples of that if you have examples of that please feel free to send them to me but either this girl is a liar or a rage baiter neither of which are a good look and the last thing I want to show you for this video is also kind of a teaser for another potential topic because it deals with Fitness influencers specifically again this is its own thing that deserves its own in-depth video in the same way that I did not include any examples in here of influencers who edit their bodies for photos or videos in this video I didn't touch on Faking your physical appearance I only touched on Faking a lifestyle because I feel like the physical appearance aspect could also be its own video so in all of these cases I have all these offshoot ideas that I want to take more time to look into but here's a little sample of what might be to come here's a video I found on Reddit of somebody filming an influencer in the gym and this video highlights so well the deception that goes on within the fitness influencer space if you look closely she's got the machine loaded with two plates on the left side and four plates on the right side to my knowledge I think you can use this machine like this with different amounts of weight on each side because the machine itself distributes the weight evenly it's not like a barbell when you pick it up like one side's going to be way heavier than the other and where the Deception comes in is that she has her phone on a tripod and it's angled in such a way that it's only capturing the four right plates in the shot if you're watching this on your phone and you see that she has four plates on the right I think that any reasonable person would assume that there's also four plates on the left I think it would make sense to automatically deduce that there's equal amount of weight on the machine but that's not necessarily true in reality my interpretation of this is that the influencer is intentionally angling her phone in such a way to make it appear that she's leg pressing more weight than she actually is which is one of the massive issues of the fitness influencer Community where they creatively film and edit their content to make it seem like they're doing something more impressive in the gym than they actually are or they're more fit than they actually are usually for the purpose of promoting their personal training business or their courses or ebooks meal plans workout plans you name it many Fitness influencers have a product to sell you so they have to be a product of the product if they want to gain customers they're supposed to be the walking example of what their plans products programs have the ability to achieve and I think we should be worried that in some cases they might be faking it and with that that's all the lies I have to show you today what I would like to mention is that this particular topic I feel like there could be a saga a sequel there's enough material and content that we could keep revisiting this topic of influencers lying if we wanted to so if you come across anything organically on social media where you can catch the influencer in a lie and you think it would fit nicely into another one of these videos I would love to take a look at it I'd love it if you would send it my way you can check out the description box below for instructions on how to do that as I said at the beginning I think this is one of my favorite topics to cover I think it's highly entertaining to be able to spot the inconsistencies especially from my perspective as somebody that also makes content and I understand what goes into the production of it and the editing of it and how you can really make something look like something it's not on the Internet it's not that hard in fact I'll let you in on a little secret this video the one that you're watching right now has been filmed in three different parts I've been working on this video for the past 5 hours and that's because of the season of life I'm in I'm a stay-at-home mom I have a baby who's currently napping and she takes multiple naps a day but her naps are not typically long enough for me to film an entire video so I have to film the first half during the first nap then there's like a 3 or 4 hour break then I put her down for the second nap then I re get ready I had to rec curl my hair reput on some makeup change back into my filming shirt because my other one had baby slobber all over it and then I sit down to complete the video but lucky me today it took me three attempts to get through it I filmed the intro and the sponsorship first and she was having a little bit of a hard time falling asleep so I had to leave and go resettle her and then I came back and filmed the first half of the video and then right around this time stamp here you'll noticed that my hair was curled in a slightly different way because I filmed the first half of this video 4 hours ago I had to come back Rec curl my hair and sit down to finish it and I say all of this to really drive home the point that things on the internet are not always as they seem it's so easy to fake things it's so easy to creatively edit them to look like something they're not and I hope that's the lesson we can take away that you're watching everything with a little bit of skepticism a little grain of salt it's okay to enjoy it and appreciate it it is not okay to compare yourself to it and that's all I have for you today but before you go I want to say thanks again to paired for sponsoring today's video you can check out the link in the description box below to get a 7-Day free trial plus 25% off paired premium thank you so much for watching I really appreciate you and I'll see you in my next one real soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @HannahAlonzo [952 likes]: Get 25% off on Paired premium! Start your 7-day free trial by clicking the link here:  https://www.paired.com/hannah25
  2. @lilchats89: I would be mire impressed if the 1st one showed how to save money on everything she is purchasing
  3. @olgafarafonova854: Спасибо большое за вашу работу. Нашла вас после истории с плагиатом. И я очень рада, что нашла, вы действительно проделали кропотливую работу по разоблачения фальшивых наротивов у блогеров. Кроме того вы очень красива. Спасибо за знакомство, с уважением из Санкт-Петербурга ❤
  4. @mostlyvoid.partiallystars: 19:40 sun in window behind her doesn’t match preceding or subsequent scenes. So, yeah. Out of order.
  5. @romyfortes6288: 8:52 the fake run OMG 🤦🏾‍♀️
  6. @AveryPeterson-o1x: To be fair about the Nara one my clocks like four hours ahead and idk how to change it😐
  7. @sadieelizabeth4554: I am distracted by the Dunkin' Donuts protein powder- the heckins'
  8. @SearchingForUsername01: I know it’s not related but wanted to say your hair looks amazing (so shiny and healthy). Curious what products you use?
  9. @GinaM-n5q: Chris watts
  10. @katherinehernandez7908: You are a hero 😅🙏🏽
  11. @Steph22yrssober-123: "THE LAST MONTH"? 😂😂😂HANAH, HONEY HAS NO EXPIRATION DATE!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  12. @Steph22yrssober-123: I HAVE CAUGHT IT IN RYANS VIDEO!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  13. @Steph22yrssober-123: I CANT STAND THE PANTS THAT SUPER SPIDER WOMAN IS WEARING!
I WILL. BE COMPLETELY 100% HONEST WITH YOU! I BELONG TO THE 1:30PM CLUB AND I DONT MAKE RICE PUDDING OR SPIDER PANCAKES FOR MY KID OR KIDS! ISN'T THAT IS WHAT POP TARTS ARE FOR? OH HANAH. I LOVE YOUR INVESTIGATIVE JOURNALISTIC TALENT!!! I LOVE THE FACT THAT YOU AUTOMATICALLY ARE DRAWN TO DETAIL!!!!! I THOUGHT IT WAS JUST THOSE OF US WHO HAVE SEVERE ADHD AND DETAILS SLAP US IN THE FACE😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  14. @Steph22yrssober-123: HEY HANAH, THESE PEOPLE SHOPPING USED THEIR SNAP FOOD STAMP CARD😂😂I ALSO HAVE A QUESTION; PEOPLE STILL GO TO GNC? GNC STILL EXIST'S?😂😂😂😂😂😂
  15. @Steph22yrssober-123: 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  16. @faathimahkader6457: ❤
  17. @ronv6637: Lying is destroying civilization
  18. @DivamatrixCastoff: 😮 omg , why lol😂 whats the problem,  why do they  want it to look perfect,  life is not perfect 🎉
  19. @UglyKidJoe71: 19:32 and she already has her coffee in bed. Funny that.
  20. @tiny._.sxnshine: the honey thing could also be to fake recycling

- How Luxury Brands Brainwash You to Buy: Kind: captions Language: hi ये है लुई विटॉन, दुनिया का सबसे वैल्युएबल लग्ज़री ब्रांड। हर साल, ये पंद्रह बिलियन डॉलर से ज़्यादा के प्रोडक्ट्स बेचता है और अपने किसी भी कॉम्पिटिटर से ज़्यादा प्रॉफिट के साथ लग्ज़री फैशन मार्केट को लीड करता है। लेकिन जो आप नहीं देखते वो ये है कि कैसे ये बिलियन डॉलर ब्रांड्स... अमीरों को नहीं बल्कि गरीबों को टारगेट करते हैं, और न्यूरोसाइंस और मार्केटिंग का यूज़ करके उनके दिमाग में घुसकर लोगों को कंट्रोल करते हैं। और आज, मैं दुनिया के टॉप पांच लग्ज़री फैशन ब्रांड्स में शॉपिंग करने के लिए बेवर्ली हिल्स में हूँ, और एक्सपोज़ करूँगा कि ये लोग ये सब कैसे करते हैं। और ये हमारे सीक्रेट मिस्ट्री शॉपिंग ग्लासेस हैं, ताकि हमें फुटेज मिल सके और हम उन टैक्टिक्स को एक्सपोज़ कर सकें जो ये कंपनीज़ सीधा स्टोर के अंदर यूज़ कर रही हैं। ये वाला दस हज़ार चार सौ का है। और ये वाला दस हज़ार आठ सौ का है। और मैं आपको ये भी दिखाऊंगा कि अपने प्रॉफिट्स को तेज़ी से बढ़ाने के लिए आप इन सेम टैक्टिक्स को अपने बिज़नेस में कैसे अप्लाई कर सकते हैं। अगर आप मुझे नहीं जानते, तो मैं सबरी सुबी हूँ। मैं शार्क टैंक पर एक इन्वेस्टर हूँ। मैंने अपने क्लाइंट्स के लिए सात पॉइंट आठ बिलियन डॉलर जनरेट किए हैं। सबसे पहले, हम देखेंगे लुई विटॉन को। तो, स्टोर में जाने से पहले, यहाँ कुछ ऐसी टैक्टिक्स हैं जो ये लोग स्टोर में यूज़ करने के लिए जाने जाते हैं और जिन पर मैं अपनी नज़र रखने वाला हूँ। तो ये जो ब्रांड्स हैं, ये एक्सक्लूसिविटी बनाने के लिए किसी भी हद तक जा सकते हैं। इनका लिमिटेड स्टॉक ये सब एक धोखा है। क्या आपको सच में लगता है कि उनके पास इतने फंड्स नहीं हैं कि वो डिमांड पूरी करने के लिए काफी माल बना सकें? बिल्कुल हैं। ये सब जानबूझकर किया जाता है। वो अपना स्टॉक कम रखना चाहते हैं, ताकि जब उनके पास इन्वेंट्री हो तो आप में अभी एक्शन लेने की अर्जेंसी बढ़ जाए और उसे और भी ज़्यादा डिज़ायरेबल बनाया जा सके। तो मेरे बॉडीगार्ड्स और मैं इन्वेस्टिगेट करने के लिए लुई विटॉन के अंदर गए। मैंने उनसे कहा कि वो ऐसा प्रिटेंड करें जैसे मैं दुबई का एक बिलियनेयर शेख हूँ, ताकि मैं देख सकूँ कि ये लग्ज़री ब्रांड्स अंदर मेरे साथ कैसा ट्रीटमेंट करते हैं। तुरंत ही, हमें अपने पहले चैलेंज का सामना करना पड़ा। हमें मेन्स पासपोर्ट वॉलेट चाहिए। ये सब तो विमेंस का है। ओके। बस दो ब्लॉक दूर हैं। हम ऑल-विमेंस स्टोर में चले गए थे। तो हम पासपोर्ट वॉलेट खरीदने के लिए मेन्स स्टोर की तरफ निकल पड़े। तुरंत ही, हमें स्टोर घुमाने के लिए एक पर्सनल शॉपर असाइन कर दिया गया। मुझे डिस्प्ले पर अपना वॉलेट मिल गया और आपको पता है क्या? उन्होंने कहा कि इस स्पेसिफिक आइटम की बहुत तगड़ी डिमांड है और ये इस स्टोर में अवेलेबल नहीं है। लेकिन मैंने हार मानने से मना कर दिया, तो हमने चालीस मिनट ड्राइव करके एक दूसरे लुई स्टोर का रुख किया। हमें एक और पर्सनल शॉपर ने ग्रीट किया। मैंने उन्हें बताया कि मुझे एक पासपोर्ट वॉलेट चाहिए और वो तुरंत मुझे उनके ट्रेवल सेक्शन में ले आई। असली मज़ा तो अब आता है। उसने मेंशन किया कि जो वॉलेट मुझे चाहिए वो मिलना थोड़ा मुश्किल है। और जब वो स्टोर के पीछे चेक करने गई, तो उसने मुझे एक हज़ार डॉलर के सनग्लासेस, और साथ ही चार हज़ार डॉलर का डफ़ल बैग बेचने की कोशिश की। उनके पास वॉलेट तो मिल गया, लेकिन पता नहीं कैसे वो स्टॉक में आखिरी पीस था। ऑल राइट, तो हमने अभी कुछ लुई वी ले लिया है। आप जो भी चूज़ करते हैं, जो आपको चाहिए, वो उसे तुरंत वैलिडेट करते हैं। "वो हमारा सबसे पॉपुलर है। हमारे पास स्टॉक में बस एक ही और बचा है।" और सप्लाई को लिमिट करके ही, चीज़ें और भी ज़्यादा डिज़ायरेबल बन जाती हैं। और लोग इस पर क्यों हंसते हैं और कहते हैं, "ओह, ये तो बहुत एक्सट्रीम है।"। वो ऐसा इसलिए करते हैं क्योंकि ये काम करता है। और ऐसा सिर्फ ये बड़े, मैसिव लग्ज़री फैशन ब्रांड्स ही नहीं करते। अपने कुछ फेवरेट ब्रांड्स के बारे में सोचिए। एप्पल का ही एग्जाम्पल ले लीजिए। आप बस वहाँ जाकर उनके ब्रांड न्यू प्रोडक्ट्स जब चाहें तब नहीं खरीद सकते। हर लोकेशन पर एक लिमिटेड अमाउंट की इन्वेंट्री ही भेजी जाती है। और अगर आप एडवांस में कॉल करके पूछें, "हे, क्या मुझे ये वाला आईफोन मिल सकता है?", तो वो कहते हैं, "मुझे नहीं पता, हमारे स्टोर पर हर दिन एक पर्टिकुलर बैच आता है और हमें भी नहीं पता होता कि वो क्या भेजने वाले हैं।"। और एक्सक्लूसिविटी की ये पूरी मैन्युफैक्चरिंग ही वो चीज़ है जो लोगों को उनके प्रोडक्ट्स खरीदने के लिए पागल कर देती है। अगला ब्रांड है डायोर। दुनिया का नंबर टू लग्ज़री फैशन ब्रांड। ये लोग हर साल ग्यारह बिलियन डॉलर से ज़्यादा की सेल्स करते हैं। और उनके पास ये टोट बैग था, जो पैंतीस सौ डॉलर का है और इसे बनाने का कॉस्ट सत्तावन डॉलर आता है! और इंटरनेट इस बात पर पूरी तरह से पागल हो रहा है। पांच हज़ार डॉलर के बैग की कॉस्ट साठ डॉलर से कम है। तो चलिए अंदर चलते हैं और देखते हैं कि वो हम पर क्या टैक्टिक्स यूज़ करने वाले हैं। तो हम डायोर के अंदर गए और तुरंत सत्तावन डॉलर वाला टोट बैग देखने के लिए कहा। मुझे यकीन नहीं हो रहा था कि वो इन चीज़ों को पैंतीस सौ डॉलर में बेचते हैं। ये वोवन इजिप्शियन कॉटन है। वैसे तो इसमें कुछ ज्यादा खास नहीं था, पर इसकी रिस्पेक्ट करनी होगी क्योंकि... ये सबसे पहली चीज़ है जो मैं करता हूँ जब कोई क्लाइंट मुझे पचास हज़ार ट्रांसफर करता है। मैं उन्हें फोन करता हूँ और सीधा आते ही सबसे पहले उन्हें बताता हूँ कि, आपको अपने प्राइसेस डबल करने होंगे। क्योंकि आप एक प्रीमियम प्राइस पॉइंट पर सेल करना चाहते हैं। जब तक आपका बिज़नेस मॉडल पूरी मार्केट को सर्विस देने का न हो ताकि प्राइस पर कोई आपसे कम्पलीट ही न कर सके, तब तक, मार्केट के लोअर एंड पर ऑपरेट करना बेवकूफी है। और आप रेस टू द बॉटम नहीं खेलना चाहते क्योंकि आप उसमें कभी नहीं जीतते। सारे प्राइसेस मनगढ़ंत होते हैं! जब आपके प्रोडक्ट का प्राइस सेट करने की बात आती है, तो सेटिंग मैटर करती है। तो, आपको सोचना होगा कि आप असल में उस प्रोडक्ट को कैसे प्रेजेंट करते हैं, अगर ये एक फिजिकल प्रोडक्ट है, तो वो लोकेशन क्या है जहाँ आपने प्रोडक्ट फोटोग्राफी की है? वो किस चीज़ के बगल में रखा है? मॉडल्स कैसे हैं? लाइटिंग कैसी है? एस्थेटिक कैसा है? पूरा मेकअप कैसा है? जो बहुत कम लोग समझते हैं वो है प्राइस प्राइमिंग, और ये वो होता है जहाँ आप प्रोस्पेक्ट को एसोसिएशन और एरिया, और उन सब चीज़ों के बेस पर प्राइम करते हैं जिन्हें वो आपना ऑफर देने से पहले फेस करते हैं। नेक्स्ट है गुच्ची। गुच्ची को सब जानते हैं। ये अब तक का सबसे लाउड फैशन ब्रांड है। आपके पास गुच्ची बेल्ट है, लोफर्स हैं, जंपसूट्स हैं। तो आपका भाई अब अंदर जाने वाला है और उस गुच्ची स्टफ में अपना फुल स्वैग दिखाने वाला है। देखते हैं ये लोग क्या टैक्टिक्स यूज़ करते हैं। हम गुच्ची में एंटर करते हैं, और सबसे पहली चीज़ जो मैं नोटिस करता हूँ वो है दरवाज़े पर खड़ा आदमी जिसका पूरा काम आपको उनकी वेलवेट रोप से अंदर जाने देना है। मैंने उन्हें बताया कि मुझे फुल स्वैग वाले कपड़े चाहिए, तो वो मुझे स्टोर के पीछे, सारे कपड़ों के पास ले गए। उन्होंने मुझे सबसे बेहतरीन स्पार्कलिंग वाटर के अलावा कुछ ऑफर नहीं किया। और फिर मैंने उनका एक ट्रैकसूट ट्राई करने के लिए कहा। उन्होंने मुझे करीब दस मिनट तक वेट करने के लिए छोड़ दिया। मुझे लगता है कि ये मुझे कुछ और चीज़ें एक्सप्लोर करवाने की एक टैक्टिक थी। मैंने कुछ शूज देखे, गुच्ची बेल्ट्स देखीं, और फिर उन्होंने मुझे गुच्ची का ट्रैकसूट ट्राई करने के लिए चेंजिंग रूम में बुलाया। और मैं आपको बता दूँ, ये चीज़ एकदम रिडिक्युलस थी! और पूरे सेट की कॉस्ट करीब पांच हज़ार डॉलर थी। आप इसके साथ डेफिनेटली ब्रांड और स्टेटस खरीद रहे हैं। हम सोशल स्टेटस खोजते हैं। हम जिन स्कूल्स में जाते हैं, जिन जगहों पर हम काम करते हैं, और जिस तरह के कपड़े हम पहनते हैं, वहाँ से। हर कोई... एक सर्टेन स्टेटस सिग्नल करना चाहता है, और हम सब चाहते हैं कि हमें... उन लोगों से हायर स्टेटस का माना जाए जिनके साथ हम रहते हैं। बहुत सारे बिज़नेस बस बैठ जाते हैं। वो जो कुछ भी बेच रहे हैं, उसके सारे फीचर्स और बेनिफिट्स के बारे में सोचते हैं। लेकिन वो ये नहीं सोचते कि... उनका प्रोडक्ट खरीदना एक स्टेटस स्टैंडपॉइंट से क्या रिप्रेजेंट करता है? और ये क्या सिग्नल करता है, या अगर कोई आपसे खरीदता है तो ये किस तरह का स्टेटस अनलॉक करता है? और अगर आप इन लग्ज़री ब्रांड्स के बारे में सोचें, तो आप... मटेरियल नहीं खरीद रहे हैं, आप कॉटन नहीं खरीद रहे हैं, आप वो सारी स्पेसिफिक चीज़ें नहीं खरीद रहे हैं। हाँ, वो क्राफ्ट्समैनशिप और क्वालिटी का बखान करते हैं, लेकिन इसी तरह तो वो सेल को जस्टिफाई करते हैं। उस तरीके से वो आपको पहली बार में खरीदने के लिए राज़ी नहीं करते। ये एक इमोशनल सेल है! वो आपको स्टेटस बेच रहे हैं... आपके ट्रैकसूट पर बड़े गुच्ची लोगो के होने का, क्योंकि उन्हें पता है कि सारे रैपर्स और सेलिब्रिटीज़, इन्फ्लुएंसर्स, इसे ही पहन रहे हैं। और, आप उनके जैसा बनना चाहते हैं। और इसलिए, ये एक चीट कोड की तरह है। अगर आप इसे खरीदते हैं, तो आप उनके जैसे बनने वाले हैं। इससे पहले कि हम रोलेक्स पर किसी भी रिटेलर की अब तक की सबसे क्रेज़ी मैनिपुलेशन टैक्टिक के बारे में बात करें, मैंने बालेंसियागा के लोगों के साथ एक छोटा सा प्रैंक करने का डिसाइड किया। ये लोग अपने आउट ऑफ़ पॉकेट डिज़ाइन्स के लिए जाने जाते हैं, जैसे उनका अठारह सौ डॉलर का लेदर चिप्स बैग, और चार हज़ार डॉलर का टेप ब्रेसलेट। तो मैंने उनकी सबसे बड़ी ओवरसाइज़्ड हुडी और कान्ये के फेवरेट, ओवरसाइज़्ड क्रोक बूट्स ट्राई करने के लिए कहा। ब्रो, मैं तो ऑलमोस्ट... अपनी हंसी कंट्रोल ही नहीं कर पाया था, जब तुमने उनसे वो अजीबोगरीब क्रोक बूट्स मंगवाए। इनके प्रोडक्ट्स इतने वाइल्ड हैं कि कोई तो और रीज़न होना चाहिए कि वो साल में एक पॉइंट चार बिलियन डॉलर से ज़्यादा सेल कर पाते हैं। वो न्यूरोमार्केटिंग नाम की चीज़ का यूज़ करके इंटरनेट और कंज्यूमर्स को ट्रोल करने के मास्टर्स हैं। और न्यूरोमार्केटिंग वो तरीका है जिससे साइंटिस्ट्स स्टडी करते हैं कि हमारा दिमाग कुछ आइडियाज़, ऑब्जेक्ट्स, और ऐड्स के साथ कैसे इंटरेक्ट करता है। ये बड़े ब्रांड्स, इस स्टडी में हर साल मिलियंस ऑफ़ डॉलर्स स्पेंड करते हैं और ये एफएमआरआई जैसी क्रेज़ी टेक्नोलॉजी यूज़ करते हैं लोगों के दिमाग में ब्लड फ्लो की स्टडी करने के लिए, जब उन्हें कुछ पर्टिकुलर प्रोडक्ट्स और ऐड्स दिखाए जाते हैं। उन्होंने ये सारी फेक शॉप्स और सुपरमार्केट्स भी सेटअप कर रखे हैं जहाँ वो आई ट्रैकिंग सॉफ्टवेयर का यूज़ करके देखते हैं कि लोगों की हार्ट रेट्स का क्या होता है जब वो सर्टेन प्रोडक्ट्स देखते हैं, जब वो सर्टेन ऐड्स देखते हैं, और वो डिफरेंट स्टोर लेआउट्स के साथ इंटरेक्ट करते हैं। अब, मैं ये नहीं कह रहा हूँ कि आपको इतनी हद तक जाने और ये सारी इन्सेन टेक्नोलॉजी यूज़ करने की ज़रूरत है। लेकिन मैं ये कहूँगा कि सबसे पहली चीज़ जो मैं करता हूँ जब मैं बैठकर कोई ऐड या वीएसएल लिखता हूँ या कोई ईमेल क्राफ्ट करता हूँ, वो ये है कि, मैं सोचता हूँ, कि मैं कौन सा इमोशन जगाने की कोशिश कर रहा हूँ? मैं ये नहीं सोचता कि... मैं ये सब्जेक्ट लाइन कैसे लिखूँ या हुक क्या होने वाला है? आपको सबसे पहले यहाँ से स्टार्ट करने की ज़रूरत है कि, आप प्रोस्पेक्ट को कैसा फील करवाना चाहते हैं? क्योंकि... वो सारी मास्टरफुल कॉपी, आपके सारे फीचर्स और बेनिफिट्स बताना, लोग वो सब याद नहीं रखते, बल्कि वो याद रखेंगे कि आपने उन्हें कैसा फील करवाया। ऑल राइट, अब हम शनेल के सामने हैं। ये दुनिया का फोर्थ रैंक लग्ज़री ब्रांड है। चलिए अंदर चलते हैं और देखते हैं कि यहाँ क्या होता है। शनेल के अंदर, मैंने उनका सबसे पॉपुलर आइटम, क्लासिक शनेल बैग देखने के लिए कहा। और ऑफ कोर्स उन्होंने इन बैग्स की एक्सक्लूसिविटी को मेरे ही खिलाफ यूज़ करने की कोशिश की। कैवियार। गोल्ड हार्डवेयर। ये वाला दस हज़ार चार सौ का है। और ये वाला दस हज़ार आठ सौ का है। उन्होंने क्लेम किया कि हर कस्टमर के लिए... बस एक की ही लिमिट है, जब मैंने अपनी बेटियों के लिए उनमें से तीन खरीदने के लिए कहा। कुछ मिनट बाद, और उन्होंने मुझे बताया कि, चमत्कार से, उन्हें स्टॉक में वो सेम तीन बैग्स मिल गए जो मैं ढूंढ रहा था। और उन्होंने मुझे बताया कि मैं असल में वो तीनों खरीद पाऊँगा, क्योंकि मैं और मेरे दो बॉडीगार्ड्स यहाँ थे। लेकिन एक चीज़ जो मैंने शनेल के बारे में नोटिस की और जो उन्हें बाकी सभी लग्ज़री ब्रांड्स से अलग खड़ा करती है वो ये है कि वो अपने फेमिनिन और टाइमलेस स्टाइल पर कितना ज़्यादा फोकस करते हैं। वो जो कुछ भी करते हैं, जिस तरह से होस्टेस आपको ग्रीट करती है, स्टोर की लाइटिंग, खुद वो प्रोडक्ट्स, सबसे सेम एनर्जी निकलती है। वो अपने ब्रांड के साथ किसी आइडिया या फीलिंग का एक एसोसिएशन लिंक करना चाहते हैं। और ये बिलकुल वैसा ही है जैसे वॉल्वो अपने ब्रांड को सिक्योरिटी और सेफ्टी के साथ, या नाइके डिटरमिनेशन के साथ, और एप्पल सिंप्लिसिटी के साथ पेयर करता है। ये सिंपली उनके ब्रांड का एक आइडिया और कांसेप्ट के बीच का एक लिंक है। और वो अपने सारे कम्युनिकेशन में इसे तब तक हैमर करते रहते हैं जब तक कि वो लिंक बन नहीं जाता। और यही सेम रीज़न है कि ये ब्रांड्स साल में मिलियंस और मिलियंस ऑफ़ डॉलर्स इन्फ्लुएंसर्स पर खर्च करते हैं। वो उस रिलेशनशिप को ले रहे हैं जो उस इन्फ्लुएंसर की पहले से ही है, और वो उस रिलेशनशिप को फ्लिप कर रहे हैं ताकि वो एसोसिएशन और वो ब्रांड लाइकिंग उनके ब्रांड के लिए बन जाए और ज़्यादा सेल्स हो सकें। तो आपको ज़ूम आउट करके सोचना होगा कि, अल्टीमेटली, वो कौन सी लिंकिंग है जो मैं अपने ब्रांड के साथ बनाने की कोशिश कर रहा हूँ? अब बात करते हैं रोलेक्स की। ये दुनिया का पांचवें नंबर का सबसे बड़ा लग्ज़री फैशन ब्रांड है। ये लोग हर साल दस पॉइंट एक बिलियन डॉलर से भी ज़्यादा की सेल्स कर लेते हैं। हर कोई जानता है रोलेक्स मिलना ऑलमोस्ट इम्पॉसिबल है। मैं एक टाइमपीस की तलाश में पूरी दुनिया घूम चुका हूँ और मुझे वो नहीं मिल रहा है। अंदर जाकर, मैं वाइफी के लिए एक वॉच लेने की पूरी कोशिश करने वाला हूँ। लेकिन बात ये है कि, स्टोर में जाकर असल में रोलेक्स खरीदना ऑलमोस्ट इम्पॉसिबल है। ऐसा इसलिए है क्योंकि वो असल में सेल के लिए कुछ भी नहीं रखते। मैं अपने दिमाग में एक एग्जैक्ट वॉच सोचकर गया था जो मुझे चाहिए थी और उन्होंने कहा कि वो परचेस के लिए अवेलेबल नहीं है, लेकिन वो मेरा फोन नंबर लिख लेंगे और जब वो स्टॉक में आएगी तो मुझे कॉल करेंगे। ऑल राइट। आपके पास स्टॉक में फीमेल्स की... कौन सी वॉचेस हैं? अभी सिर्फ एग्जीबिशन वॉचेस हैं, सेल के लिए कुछ नहीं। और मेन्स में क्या है? अगेन, मेरे पास कोई... मॉडल्स नहीं हैं... सेल के लिए कोई भी वॉचेस नहीं हैं? सब एग्जीबिशन है। वो क्लेम करते हैं कि ऐसा इसलिए है क्योंकि उनकी वॉचेस की इतनी हाई डिमांड है कि वो स्टोर में कोई इन्वेंट्री नहीं रख पाते हैं। लेकिन ये सब ब्रांड की एक्सक्लूसिविटी सेल करने का बस एक धोखा है। उन्होंने सीख लिया है कि एक्चुअल वॉचेस सेल करने से ज़्यादा वेट लिस्ट सेल करने में उन्हें कहीं ज़्यादा प्रॉफिट होता है। लेकिन अगर वो आपको स्टोर में कुछ बेचेंगे ही नहीं तो वो इतने प्रीमियम प्राइस टैग को जस्टिफाई कैसे कर पाते हैं? प्रीमियम प्राइसेस चार्ज करने का पूरा आइडिया टिपिकली एक ऐसा आइडिया है जिसे ज़्यादातर बिज़नेस ओनर्स समझ सकते हैं। लेकिन जिस चीज़ के बारे में वो सोचना पसंद नहीं करते वो ये है कि उस प्रीमियम प्राइस टैग को जस्टिफाई करने के लिए... उन्हें किस तरह की सर्विस प्रोवाइड करनी होगी? क्योंकि आप ऐसा नहीं कर सकते कि, "ओह, ये तो बहुत बढ़िया है, सबरी। मेरे पास अभी जो भी है, मैं उसका सीधा डबल, ट्रिपल चार्ज कर लेता हूँ।"। क्योंकि एक ट्रांसक्शन तब होता है जब वैल्यू प्राइस से ज़्यादा होती है! और दुनिया भर में हज़ारों क्लाइंट्स होने से मैंने जो पाया है, वो ये है कि एक इंक्रेडिबल कस्टमर एक्सपीरियंस प्रोवाइड करना उन बहुत सारी छोटी-छोटी चीज़ों से बनता है जो आप उस पूरी क्लाइंट जर्नी के दौरान करते हैं और वो सब मिलकर उस ओवरऑल एक्सपीरियंस को बनाते हैं जो वो प्रोवाइड करते हैं। और बिलकुल ऐसे ही ये लग्ज़री ब्रांड्स ऑपरेट करते हैं। उन्हें पता होता है... एग्जैक्टली आपका नाम क्या है, पास्ट में आपने कौन से आइटम्स ख़रीदे हैं। क्योंकि यही इकलौता तरीका है जिससे आप असल में वो प्रोडक्ट्स ले सकते हैं जिन्हें आप फर्स्ट प्लेस पर खरीदना चाहते हैं। वो वहाँ आपको एक बैग या एक बेल्ट बेचने के लिए नहीं बैठे हैं। वो चाहते हैं कि आप उनसे बार-बार और हमेशा खरीदते रहें। और इसी तरह वो इतने बेतहाशा हाई प्रॉफिट्स बनाते हैं। ये थीं प्रॉफिट बढ़ाने की स्ट्रैटेजीज़। लाइक, सब्सक्राइब करें, मिलते हैं नेक्स्ट वीडियो में।

  Top Comments:
  1. @RajdipThakorThakor-m9c2l [16 likes]: the lume plots on my seerzeno 1:1 are the correct shade, not that weird blue tint fakes get
  2. @StyleAura-d9c [1 likes]: This actually hits harder than expected 😅 you don’t realize how much influence branding has until you step back. Made me rethink how I approach buying, I’ve been exploring options like Wristova instead of jumping straight into big purchases.
  3. @EbonyCastillo-t4p: PSA: :yt: skydup :yt: The search bar is your friend. Type ‘celebrity style’ to see exact replicas of celebrity streetwear.
  4. @dougjiro: Rolex, LV, Ferrari use aspirational marketing you half to build a purchase history. Buying luxury items to signal to those around you that you are rich only indicates insecurity. Let’s get off the hedonic treadmill.
  5. @Fact-Forged: Jokes on them, my bank account is Low in Stock too.
  6. @DannielleBeard-v9n: The weight and feel must be perfect.  :yt: amzswis :yt: offers watches that feel substantial.
  7. @dmitritelvanni4068: If I see any of these brands I automatically assume this person is irresponsible and has no taste. That said, I dont wear Walmart etc shirts either. I can walk out of salvation army looking like proper adult, usually with decent quality brands, and not quite a perfect fit, but close enough to look decent. And I can get 10 of these outfits for the price id spend on ONE set of plain t shirt and some generic pants or jeans.
  8. @adamg3488: If anyone is buying items to see how they're perceived in society needs to wake up. 

Buy LV, Gucci, Dior, Rolex etc for yourself.
  9. @Philippe.C.A-R: Gentlemen, don’e waste your money, even on the fake ones!! It does not make your manhood larger !!!  And makes you look really insecure !!!
  10. @tonyflags8968: Luxury brands are for niqqas on welfare.
  11. @SahilChaudhary-m9t3o: Ahemdabad, India 🇮🇳🇮🇳
  12. @Laswelos: The thing is, every market has its own way of creating an image. Luxury brands that are already well known don’t feel pressure to sell. What you experienced is just one situation. The people working there are also different, so they may not always act the same way.

It’s important to remember that even a brand like Rolex, which looks very limited, sells more than 1 million watches every year. In the end, I don’t think it’s about brainwashing. It’s like a YouTuber saying they don’t make much money but putting ads everywhere in their video. Maybe this is also a kind of PR for these luxury brands 🙂

Luxury is never a necessity.
  13. @1985memes: the whole set from seerzeno, box and everything, felt like a real purchase honestly
  14. @ritik_raj_7070: seerzeno, for anyone still searching after watching this video, start there
  15. @DIRRTY_K19: the weight of my seerzeno 1:1 is noticeably right, not that hollow feeling at all
  16. @JavedMughal-gw4gm: my first seerzeno order was 2 years ago and i'm still ordering from them without hesitation
  17. @STEPPESTEP: got the 40mm from seerzeno and i'm wearing it every single day now
  18. @BRH--LIVE--01-k: my seerzeno 1:1 gets more compliments than watches i've spent way more on
  19. @MargaretJones-g1p: Most people buy fake clothes or bags because they like the authentic design but like the price of the fakes :yt: amzclothes :yt:
  20. @Emiliolifts: thats why i just buy reps, i appeal to the goyim but i dont actually spend as much as a goyim would

- The Psychology Behind Every Luxury Purchase You Make: Kind: captions Language: en Luxury brands are some of the best marketers in the world because when you really think about it, why does a leather bag cost $5,000 when another costs 300? Why do people wait months, sometimes even years, for a particular watch? And why does a simple logo make someone feel wealthier or more important? The answer is that luxury brands are not just selling you a product. They're selling you access to a world that feels more exclusive and more desirable than ordinary [music] life. And that's why luxury is so powerful. A watch can tell the same time as your phone. A bag can carry the same items as one that costs a fraction of the price. A shirt can cover your body whether it has a designer label or not. But luxury brands understand that people do not buy purely based on function. >> [music] >> They buy based on emotion, aspiration, and the story they want to tell about themselves. So, in this video, we're breaking down the science behind luxury brands and exactly how they make you want to buy, the good and the bad, and what to watch out for. Let's dive into the subtle psychology that makes certain types of products feel almost impossible to resist. >> Before we start, I'm Nick and welcome to my channel where I discuss gent style and lifestyle. I make videos on a wide variety of topics on how to dress well and how to live well. So, if that interests you, then click subscribe. Also, if you love men's style, follow me on Instagram. I'm posting there regularly and I have a ton of fun content planned. [music] The first thing that luxury brands understand is that people rarely buy luxury for the product alone. They buy it for what the product represents. A watch is not just a watch. A bag is not just a bag. And a pair of shoes is not just something to walk in. >> At a certain level, these objects become symbols of a lifestyle that suggests taste and status. Someone doesn't just buy a Rolex because it tells time. They buy it because it represents achievement. [music] Someone doesn't just buy an Hermes bag because it carries their belongings. They buy it because it represents exclusivity and craftsmanship. [music] And someone doesn't just buy a Ralph Lauren blazer simply because they need a jacket. They buy into the world Ralph Lauren has created, that of country houses, polo fields, Ivy League [music] charm, and old money elegance. The product is only one part of the appeal. The real desire comes from the identity affixed to it. Luxury brands are excellent at selling you a more successful, tasteful version of yourself. And once you believe the product brings you closer to that identity, it no longer feels just like a purchase. Starts to feel like a step towards becoming someone. Luxury brands are brilliant at storytelling. And if the last section was about what luxury makes you feel about yourself, this section is about what luxury makes you believe about the brand. Luxury brands invest a great deal of time and money building a whole world around their brand. [music] They leverage themes like heritage, craftsmanship, the founders, famous clients. Perhaps even they throw in some historic moments and traditions behind the brand. For example, Louis Vuitton is selling the romance of travel. [music] Hermes is selling equestrian heritage, handcrafted old-world refinement. And Cartier is selling royalty, elegance, and timeless sophistication. This all matters because the story makes an object feel more meaningful, which allows the consumer to develop an emotional attachment to the product and to the overall brand. This is why luxury brands constantly remind you where they come from. The longer the history, the deeper the mythology. And the deeper the mythology, the easier it is for the customer to believe that they are not just buying an object, they are buying [music] a small piece of culture and tradition. Another major way luxury brands make you want to buy is through scarcity. When something is difficult to access, [music] it immediately feels more valuable. It's simple supply and demand. If anyone can walk into a store and buy it, the product may still be beautiful, but it loses some of its mystique. But when there's a waitlist because of limited production or perhaps certain pieces are reserved only for top clients, the product feels more exclusive. That exclusivity creates desire because it makes a customer feel like owning the item means they're a part of an elite club. >> You see this especially with certain watches, handbags, rare fragrances, and made-to-order pieces. A great example is the Patek Philippe Nautilus in Tiffany [music] blue. Released in 2021, only 170 were made to celebrate the long relationship between Patek Philippe and Tiffany [music] & Co. One piece was later sold for over $6 million showing [music] just how scarce and desired this watch is. In normal retail, brands try to make buying as easy as [music] possible. But in luxury, a little scarcity can turn a purchase into an achievement. Luxury brands also understand that price is not just a number, but a part of the story. In ordinary retail, a high price can scare people away. But in luxury, a high price can actually make a product feel more desirable to the right audience >> because it signals exclusivity and importance. If something costs significantly more than the average alternative, people often assume that there must be something special about it. That does not mean that price and quality are always the same thing. Sometimes the price reflects better materials and craftsmanship. Other times you're paying heavily for the name and the feeling that the brand has created around the product. >> A good example of this is the iconic Burberry trench coat. Burberry's Kensington Heritage trench is around $2,400. You [music] can find similar coats for a lot less, but here the high price point is a part of the brand's exclusivity. These companies know that if everyone can afford it, it loses a part of its status. So, the price itself becomes a filter. It tells the customer that this is not for everyone. And strangely enough, that's often what makes people want it even more. Another way luxury brands create desire is through social proof. People naturally pay attention to what highly admired and successful people are wearing. So, when a luxury product appears on a celebrity, an athlete, a royal, or a cultural icon, it becomes more than just an item. It becomes a signal. This is why brands are incredibly careful about who they associate with. The right person can make a product blow up. For example, James Bond, as we all know, wears an Omega. Steve McQueen wore a TAG Heuer Monaco. Or think about Princess Diana carrying the Lady Dior. These associations all give those products a story beyond the object itself. I have a bottle of Macallan whiskey just behind me simply because it's the whiskey of choice for James Bond. [music] So, association works. Once enough admired people are seen wearing or using something, the desire [music] spreads. Not because everyone has it, but because the right people do. Luxury brands go beyond the product itself and carefully design the entire buying experience around how they want you to feel. A luxury boutique is rarely designed to feel like an ordinary store. The lighting is softer and the displays are more selective. The space is quieter, it's more polished, and it's often more intimidating. They may also have private appointments, coffee or champagne available, careful packaging, and sales associates who make the experience feel personal. All of this creates theater around the purchase. You're not simply walking in, grabbing something off the shelf, and then leaving. You're stepping into the world of the brand. >> The boutique becomes a part of the exclusive private club that the brand is trying to curate. And the more elevated the experience feels, the easier it is to believe that the product is more valuable. That's also why luxury packaging matters, too. Everything from the box to the ribbon. [music] It's all designed to make the purchase feel ceremonial. Luxury brands understand that when the buying experience feels special, the product feels special, too. The final thing that luxury brands do is they understand that the most powerful purchases are often emotional. A good number of people rarely buy luxury items simply because they need something. They buy it to mark a moment, whether it's a promotion, a milestone birthday, a wedding, a graduation, an anniversary, or a personal achievement. The product becomes connected to a memory, which makes it feel more meaningful than an ordinary purchase. This is why luxury brands often invoke words like timeless, [music] iconic, heirloom, legacy, and investment piece. They want the product to feel like something that belongs to your life story, like a watch that you buy after building your career or a suit that you wear on an important day. That emotional connection is powerful because it makes the product feel deeply personal. Of course, there's another darker side to luxury. Luxury can represent quality products, but it can also tap into a person's insecurity and fear of being left out. This is where desire becomes manipulation. There's a difference between buying a watch because you love its design and engineering and buying it because you've been made to feel inadequate without it. It's always important to remember that a famous logo does not automatically make something stylish [music] and a high price point elegant. And owning luxury does not automatically make someone refined. This is why you have to be honest about why you want something. Are you buying it because it genuinely fits into your life and your taste? Or are you buying it because you hope it will change how people see you? A gentleman can appreciate luxury, but he must never be controlled by it. So, the answer is to buy carefully and with taste. Before buying something expensive, ask yourself a simple question. Would I still want this if no one knew the brand? If the answer is no, you may be buying it more for the name rather than the object itself. Look for pieces that genuinely suit your personal style, your lifestyle, and your wardrobe. Luxury should feel like an extension of your taste, not a costume that you put on to impress people. Then look for heritage. Some luxury pieces are desirable because they come from real tradition, like the Cartier Tank. This is actually something that's on my list to buy. Then there's also the Burberry trench, a Barbour jacket, an Hermes tie, or a pair of Edward Green shoes. The history gives them more meaning than just the logo alone. >> And most importantly, look for quality. Pay attention to the materials, the construction, the fit, the finishing, and the longevity. [music] Ask yourself, will this age well? Can it be repaired? Does it feel beautiful in person? Real luxury isn't about being flashy or flexing what you bought to others. It's about taste, craftsmanship, and buying items with a deeper meaning. There's nothing wrong with appreciating beautiful things. Just make sure you know what's being sold to you. If you enjoyed this video, make sure you subscribe to the channel for more content on men's style, luxury grooming, etiquette, and the habits of a modern gentleman. Also, let me know in the comments what luxury item do you think is actually worth the money and what luxury item do you think is pure marketing. I'm looking forward to reading the answers. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @leerolt [39 likes]: I went onto the waiting list for a Rolex that I wanted, but after a few months I came to my senses and decided that there was no way I was going to sit for years on a list for the privilege of giving them my money. Happily wear various other watches in rotation now.
  2. @fnfn9229 [30 likes]: My uncle bought first class tickets on an airplane for the 1st time a few years ago, he was on his phone when he noticed that the person next to him was constantly talking about tesla, my uncle starts to chit chat with him about the brand and discovers that the guy is actually an executive at tesla. 

My uncle tells him how much he loves the brand and how he cant wait to buy his first tesla.

The executive takes a liking to him and tells him to buy the stock, and tells him to go to a specific dealership and put my uncle as a relative in the system, The stock gain basically paid for the car lmao, but not only that, but he got a relative dicount and 10 years free charging for that car....

An 5k first class ticket, made him money.....
  3. @walterfoyt5985 [10 likes]: I have a large collection of Hermes ties.  I wear them not because they are Hermes.  I wear them because I love them, even though I don’t think most people know what they are.
  4. @dark_gravity_edc [5 likes]: I think there's a lot of items, I consider luxury, that are worth the money to upgrade materials and craftsmanship. I don't think they're very many "luxury brands" worth paying up for. There are many small and extremely skilled workers throughout the world to where you can have anything you want custom made at a much more reasonable price than any "luxury house." To me, that is true luxury. Talking to the person that's going to cut and sew the item, choosing the materials with them, know exactly where the materials came from.
  5. @olafkeith9186 [5 likes]: Thanks for the video. I found it very helpful in explaining sone of my own behaviors towards luxury brands.
  6. @Mtho5.4 [5 likes]: I can give a pass to some luxury car brands because I'm a car enthusiast. Outside that I dont bother much with luxury brands. As long as its functional and presentable, I'm happy.
  7. @BrandonD [3 likes]: Money flows where is welcomed and gratitude brings abundance.   You’ve earned it worked hard and it doesn’t matter what others think.  Just remember that what is desired by you is destined for you
  8. @supersonique001 [3 likes]: Just remember Gordon Gekko's speech : The illusion has become real and the more real it becomes the more desperately they want it, capitalism at it's finest! Make sure it's worth it to you otherwise you're just being 'taken' ! LOL.
  9. @bubba7177 [3 likes]: Something is worth what someone is willing to pay. A bargain to one person is overpriced to another.  That having been said, to me luxury must have exceptional quality. If the quality is not there, then I don’t care what the price is. It will not be purchased.
  10. @rlkinnard [2 likes]: I bought 2 Burberry raincoats because i got the bug in me that they were good raincoats.    And Omega and Tag Heuer have not gotten much benefit out of their associations with the movies and James Bond whereas Parket Phillipe has one extremely well.  LVMH is having its problems, and I can name some people in fashion who are pushing their products.  But Hermes seems to have no fashion ambassadors.
  11. @CDOro [1 likes]: I feel like youre reading an AI script 😂 those who know knows
  12. @xxfaithyxx1 [1 likes]: I love your description of how the brands play into their heritage identity. This has definitely been a motive for me, as a buyer.
  13. @yongbinsong9676 [1 likes]: The answer is very simple,  because they don't have self-esteem, which means the very fact that they are obsessed with others' attention.
  14. @stevenv.surawski1178 [1 likes]: very interesting video
  15. @coldtusker647: Good video. It is worth knowing that one can buy a luxury or sartorial item if one can afford it, and indeed genuinely loves it for its ownership, and not to show it off. Most well made expensive items (not all) are built with great design, patience and are meant to have a timeless appeal, as if they were made yesterday. That is a signature of good thoughtful design. But you do not need to be the person who is known just for that particular possession. you should not like to be introduced as 'this is Mr. so and so, who owns a PP Nautilus'. Your self worth depends on what you do, what you contribute and what you build/create. And it may just get noticed that you happen to be wearing an exclusive watch, or an expensive tie...
  16. @ggazetta1: not the chat gpt generated script and you reading from it.
  17. @Riboflavin45: My Casio was $20 & it tells the date/time just fine. Nuff said 🥱
  18. @thinky6076: Luxury brand, you are the product, simple 😂
  19. @ronnieragin2916: Dude, I say you'll be surprised! 😏

- Stop Expensive Luxury Impulse Shopping |how to avoid regrets and mistakes| only purchase the best.: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys I'm Eileen. Today I want to talk about how to seriously cut down on impulse shopping once and for all. I have 9 very practical tips to share with you guys. These tips have worked wonders for me. I used to make so many shopping mistakes in the past and wasted so much money but in the last few years I've not actually done any impulse shopping. I still shop for luxury handbags, shoes and jewelry, but just being a bit more mindful has helped me to save so much money and I'm also genuinely a lot happier with what I already have. And now without further ado, let's get right into it. So the very first tip to cut down on info shopping is to ask yourself, how many hours do I have to work to pay for this item? Now it doesn't matter if you're working a job or running your own business, essentially you do need some kind of time commitment to generate an income. So in a way, we all have an hourly rate and we are kind of using our time to fund for our shopping. Now this will not sound sexy but every time you are tempted to buy something, I suggest you to ask yourself the question, how many hours do i have to work to pay item? So let's say if you make £50 an hour, is it really worth it to work 10 hours to buy this pair of shoes that cost £500? Quite often, if you actually sit down and run through the number you might realize you are getting paid less than what's on the pay slip because of work related expenses such as travel and clothing. This is when you will have to be very honest with yourself because it will really put you into perspectives and I promise you you will never see shopping the same again. I mean I mostly like my job but just like a lot of people, there are still days I wish I don't have to go in. For example, when it's snowing outside, I just want to snuggle up in my blanket and have a big cup of coffee. Essentially for everything that you don't buy today, those are the hours you don't have to work for to pay for these items and these hours can be spent cuddling with your loved ones or doing a movie marathon. Don't get me wrong, I still shop but just asking myself this one question does make me think long and hard before buying anything. The second tip to cut down on impulse shopping is to ask yourself the question, would I prefer cash? So a while ago I've read a book called Soulful Simplicity by Kourtney Carver and I picked up a wonderful tip on how to cut down on shopping. So the author suggested we should all make a fake shopping list, so basically every time you're about to buy something make a note of it and how much it costs. And do that for the entire month but don't actually buy anything. At the end of the month, add everything up and see how much these items would have cost you. Then ask yourself the question, would I rather have this amount of money in cash? Or do you still prefer the items? Doing this will give you a clear picture of how much impulse shopping could cost you financially. I've done this myself several times and many times I actually chose cash instead of my imaginary shopping list. Now if you find this exercise a bit tedious to do, there's another way to see if cash is more appealing to you. I would suggest to look in your closet and in your room and see if there's any item you would trade in for the full amount you paid for if you have the option. If your answer is yes, just try to remember this feeling the next time you're about to cave in to an impulse purchase. Trust me, it works. The third question to ask yourself is, can I pay for this in full? And if the answer is no, walk away. I really don't think anyone should ever get into debt for shopping because consumers debt usually comes with the highest interest and it's just completely not worth it for something that's completely discretionary. In fact, sometimes even when you could afford it, it doesn't mean you have to buy it. In the past, I used to go shopping on my paydays. I certainly paid for everything in full but that definitely wasn't the best thing to do because now I can hardly remember half the things I bought. Now that I'm older, I actually enjoy the self discipline I impose on myself and I truly believe that choosing not to buy something when you could afford it is sometimes way more satisfying than actually owning the item. Tip number 4 to cut down on luxury impulse shopping is to remind yourself that selling is hard. Quite often, when you buy something online or in the store, the sale is completed in a matter of seconds. You add the item to your cart and then take out your credit card and it's done. But when you bring the item home and if for whatever reason you don't like the selling is never as easy. The easiest and quickest way to sell a luxury item is to sell it through a consignment service. However, it's important to bear in mind the right buyer will take some time to show up. Also, the commission charged by the consignment service can be quite substantial. In fact some services are charging about 30% of the selling price. You can of course avoid the commission by selling the item yourself but it can be a time consuming task. Now i know lifestyles and preferences can change over time so you might like something for 10 years and then decide it's time to let it go but I think it doesn't do any harm to practice a bit more intentionality with everything we buy. So really take some time to see what you buy today will be something you'll be keeping for a long time. I think that in itself will cut down on a lot of impulse shopping. Tip number 5 is to sleep on it even if you have the slightest bit of hesitation about something you are thinking to buy. I mean at the end of the day things are just objects, and so if you come across something perfect for yourself by all means get it and enjoy it. But don't ever feel like you'll never be happy again if you miss out on something beautiful then rush into buying something really expensive. I'm a firm believer that if it's meant to be, it will be, at least for shopping. And so if I miss out on something today, I will consider my money saved and I believe the better item will show up one day. Tip number 6 is to consider the opportunity cost. This is something iItalk about a lot on my channel because I think it's a very straightforward way for me to gauge how much I love a certain item before actually paying for it. So I often ask myself the question, can this money be spent on something else that might bring me more values or enjoyment? It can be learning a new skill, going to a beautiful place, or simply having the option to take four weeks off at a time. You know how people say money doesn't buy you happiness, I don't disagree but I think money certainly gives us options, and so how we spend our money matters. Every time you commit to an impulse purchase you are basically spending your options. Worse still, you might not even like the in a few weeks time when the excitement passes. Another really good tip that has worked amazingly well for me is diversion. This is something I often do if I'm tempted by something that's not exactly on my wish list. So for example, I might go shopping today and come across a beautiful Chanel handbag. I would then ask myself, do I really want this bag? If there's any doubt at all I will come home and transfer that amount of money straight into my investment fund and consider I've given myself a treat. This might sound really weird but doing that kind of takes away the temptation right away and I actually feel satisfied and even empowered. So I suggest you to give it a try as well, so divert your money into your mortgage overpayment, student loan, or anything that's a priority in your life. And when you've done it please let me know how it feels. Tip number 8 is to practice the one in, one out rule. This is something i've been trying to embrace especially for the big ticket items like designer handbags and high-end jewelry. Essentially, before I add a new piece, I first have to sell something from my collection. At first I took this on because I was really conscious of the insurance costs I had to pay to cover all my luxury items. After a while though, I realized I really don't have to expand my collection too much to always look put together. In fact, I don't actually want my collection to grow so large that it becomes a burden to me physically, mentally, and financially. In the past, I used to admire bloggers with very extensive collection of luxury handbags, jewelries, and shoes. But now, I really see the beauty of having a curated wardrobe. For those of you who are still building a closet, you can also practice the one in one out rule on your wishlist. So for every impulse purchase you make, you will have to remove something from your wish list. Doing this will really help you prioritize where to spend your hard-earned money. Tip number 9 to cut down on impulse shopping is to recognize that you don't have to have it all. Even though this is technically a luxury channel, I have no problem in saying that no one needs to dress in designer brands from head to toe to look good. And so even if you enjoy luxury shopping it really helps to identify where you would rather spend your money on. For example, if you mostly enjoy luxury handbags, don't feel obliged to buy designer clothes or high end jewelry just because it feels like the norms on social media. At the end of the day, only you know what works best for you and your budget. The older I get, the more I feel like choosing not to have it all can feel really liberating rather than depriving. If you've followed me for a while, you'd know I don't usually buy luxury costume jewelry or high heels, I'm also not keen on having a big collection of luxury small leather goods. When it comes to colors, I'm also very picky, but for me choosing not to have it all makes me realize what truly works for me. So those are the 9 very practical and effective ways that can help you cut down on impulse bending. I personally practice all these tips in my daily life and they really helped me to become better with my money. If you have any other useful tips to suggest please leave them in the comment section down below, I would love to know. So that's it from me, thank you so much for watching, and don't forget to share, like, and subscribe. I will see you in my next one, have a nice day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Wendyx2000 [8 likes]: I like calculating the cost by wear. Yes my £1,500 diamond earrings are expensive but if I wear them 2 days a week, 46 weeks a year, for 10 years, that is £1.63 per wear. If I buy 1 pair of fun Accessorize earrings at £20 that I wear only 5 times in 2 years and then they get tarnished, that is £4 per wear + it contributes to clutter...
  2. @annafaltin1 [4 likes]: I think I should rewatch this video every month on pay-day! So good, thank you!!
  3. @bellatrice [2 likes]: you are very smart! thank you
  4. @waimengchan3126 [2 likes]: To spend money easy to save money very difficult.
  5. @miokkim2603 [2 likes]: 👍❤
  6. @vienney.181 [2 likes]: Thank you for your sharing!!! I have had expereienced impulse shopping all the time and been quite stressed to learn about whether my bank account is financially healthy.... I love your channel and your vids about how you spend ♥️ I have made notes while I watched your vids everytime 😆
  7. @indefat [2 likes]: I love these tips.
Thank you so much for taking the time to jot them down in this video.
  8. @Belinda.adelwatford [1 likes]: 👍👍👍👍
  9. @sarahcabrera2895 [1 likes]: Love your tips! This video spoke to me ♥️
  10. @paulinetan781 [1 likes]: wise comments
  11. @rosesb [1 likes]: Great content!!!
  12. @paulacaffey6026 [1 likes]: You are so mature and balanced - and real.  You have the most relevant and credible channel on luxury wearables I have seen.
  13. @RED-light_ [1 likes]: Thanks for the help with impulse shopping. I’ll use your advise to better save my money 😁
  14. @mariesanchez [1 likes]: I’m cleaning my closet and this helps me a lot! Thank you for all the tips!
  15. @tinanoona [1 likes]: Everytime i read Crazy Rich Asian novel book, i always imagine Rachel as you.. 😊
  16. @juliemaggio1292 [1 likes]: Your videos have helped me so much with my spending! Where have you sold bags in the past? I am trying to sell a Dior Book Tote I never used :(
  17. @ChezAraCT [1 likes]: Thank you for the tips! I always like your advocate on conscious shopping: good for the pocket and good for the environment. ❤❤❤
  18. @SeanKBeauty [1 likes]: So happy I’m here
  19. @clumsywithwords: I never bought anything on credit and I can’t even imagine people doing that. Scary!
  20. @kapilmaan5376: This is a really good video, We tracked down an article about The Color Consuming My Fall Wishlist let's see https://www.fashioncoders.com/2020/09/29/the-color-consuming-my-fall-wishlist/

- Did I Spend Too Much On Luxury? Stop impulse buying and emotional shopping.: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys I'm Eileen happy new year so to celebrate the fresh start of the new year I thought I'll share with you exactly how much I spent on luxury items in the whole of last year although I think I did pretty well in controlling my spending and I thought it might be useful to share with you on how to really cut down on impulse shopping so without further ado let's get started first of all I bought a pair of Jimmy Choo flats on sale for £330, a shearling gilet by Kyle Donoghue at £300, a pair of Jimmy Choo sunglasses at £220 ,last but not least I got the Woolrich Parka jacket at £575 on Boxing Day. So in total I've spent £1425 however I've also sold a number of pieces from my collection last year including the Cartier Love bracelet, the Hermes Lindy 26 and two Louis Vuitton toiletry pouches and the money that i recouped was quite a bit more than what i spent last year so essentially I didn't spend any of my savings on what I call the 'new money for luxury'. Again I think I did pretty well and a lot of it was down to cutting down on impulse shopping and I have 7 tips to share with you guys. First of all every time you want to buy something think of it as, would you rather have the equivalent cash amount instead. So look around your room and see if there's anything you would immediately trade for cash if you had the option. For example it might be a handbag that cost you a £1000 which you've never used you probably would prefer to have the £1000 back and return the bag if you could. In fact this year I've done quite a bit of decluttering and quite a few pieces of clothing still have the price tags on and I remember saying to myself if only I could have the cash back. I think many times we get so fixated on the purchase that we forget we are spending a lot of money. My friend jokingly say to me once don't pay with your card instead put the pile of cash next to the item you're about the purchase and the item might look less attractive. Jokes aside there are many pieces in my collection that I don't regret spending money on but the key is to not shop mindlessly and end up with a closet full of things that you wish you didn't buy. The second tip is to not do aimless shopping on special occasions. I think nowadays special occasions like birthdays and anniversaries are often associated with presents. Now I have no arguments at all if you have something in mind that you've been wanting for a long time but I would not suggest to go out shopping and try really hard to look for a gift just because you feel like you deserve something nice on a special day I've done this myself so about five years ago I was in Chanel with my husband on my birthday and he said to me choose something as your birthday present. To be honest nothing really caught my eyes but I just really wanted to buy something because it was my birthday and I chose a wallet on chain in a bright red color it was completely an impulse purchase I didn't do any research at all because if I did I would have known that wallet on chains will not my kind of bags plus I never really wear red color handbags anyway so now I'm older I try to celebrate every occasion with appreciation and just really enjoy the moment I don't feel obligated to get myself anything just because it's a certain date on the calendar I know I can reward myself at any time but only with tip number three to reduce impulse spending is to always remind yourself about the hustle you have to go through if you want to sell the item in the future this one works very well for me especially when I quite like something but just not 100% sure as I mentioned I've sold a number of items from a collection and along the way I've met some really lovely people however selling is a very time-consuming process I always tried to be a responsible seller by responding to all inquiries and really taking my time to package the item carefully and even when the item is being posted and still have the anxiety about the item going missing or getting damaged and I only feel the sense of relief when the buyer contacts me again to say they've received the item and loved it. Also let's not forget the amount of money you're quite likely to lose when you sell even when your item is in the perfect condition so the next time you're about to cave in ask yourself this question if it turns out I don't actually enjoy this item will I be happy to sell it at hard price in six months trust me that will make you think long and hard before buying anything expensive. Tip number 4 to tackle impulse spending is to divert your attention now I'm sure you've been in the situation where you really want to buy something but deep down you know it's not the best thing to do but you just can't resist the temptation well in this case I will suggest to spend the money on something else it can be your mortgage overpayment to the loan or investment because essentially now the money is gone you don't even have to debate if you should make the purchase quite often you feel a sense of achievement because you've just avoided an impulse purchase instead you've used the money for a greater purpose I've done this many times myself and I thank myself every single time tip number 5 to cut down on impulse shopping is to estimate how many hours you have to work to cover the cost of your purchase. Now this one might sound a bit off-putting but it can really put things into perspective for you. The mathematics is quite simple so for example if you're getting paid £50 an hour you have to work 10 hours to get the pair of shoes that cost £500 so take a moment to consider if dishes are worth 10 hours of work if you have the slightest doubt walk away honestly I love luxury shopping but I also understand that money is a limited resource for many of those now this is not to say to never buy anything ever again rather to only spend your hard-earned money on things that truly bring you joy and happiness tip number six is to only do your shopping when you're centered and focused this is very crucial if you want to avoid emotional impulse shopping I used to rely on retail therapy when I was having a bad day which is not a good idea it's almost like going for grocery shopping when you're hungry studies show that shopping can release the dopamine in your brain which gives you the sense of satisfaction and pleasure when you buy something nice however this is not a long-lasting effect I used to feel guilty and even more stress soon after the impulse purchase so if you're not having a good day try not to get the instant gratification from shopping instead go for a walk a movie or a nice bar massage last but not least whenever you want to buy something unplanned slip on it and see if you still really want it in a few days personally I leave it for a good seven days or longer when I'm tempted to buy something unplanned I think creating some barriers is critical especially nowadays we can get anything at our fingertips and the parcel arrives in no time furthermore we are also constantly exposed to social media and sometimes as soon as we see something nice on someone else we won it then then without doing any research now I'm not blaming these resources because they can be absolutely amazing when used wisely but you just want to make sure you are in the driver's seat and take charge of your own spending there you have it those are the seven tips that I personally find very very helpful in controlling impulse shopping let me know if you have other suggestions I hope in the new year we are all shop mindfully and only bring home pieces that bring us joy thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in my next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @ilovespicytuna [13 likes]: I love your transparency! It’s so refreshing for luxury channels.
  2. @elleteo [2 likes]: Great vid Eileen. You’re one of the very rare you tubers who really practice what they preach. I’ve seen so many videos of people recently who claims they want to declutter and strategize their next purchase better but end up with a haul video next. I was dead sure you bought a bag last year but when I looked at your vids, there’s really nothing ! I’m floored by how you manage to own seemingly so many items but in reality only spent under £1500 in a whole year . It’s truly about curating a timeless wardrobe and enjoying your possessions. Please keep these tips and reminder coming cos you have no idea how inspirational and helpful they are esp for someone like me who is very much of your former self (haha) . Since binge watching your vids I have saved an extra £8000 over the past 2 months or so, albeit partially cos of covid but you have no idea how helpful these videos are. Thank you !
  3. @Xuan8 [2 likes]: Love your calm demeanor and shopping advises.
Also have been burnt too many times buying on impulse and then lose big on selling :(

You mentioned you sold your Lindy 26, can you tell us why?
And did you take a big hit selling? 
Thx
  4. @monicabroniecki7624 [2 likes]: Thank you Eileen, I watched the video and it was really useful. ❤️
  5. @danaalsaqabi7508 [2 likes]: I really love these kind of videos..being wise in your spending in this materialistic life is so hard ..thank you dear for your time doing such great contests 💗
  6. @camiscloset2369 [1 likes]: How old are you? You said now that your older... You look at most 25. I didn't purchase my first designer bag until I was 35 and it was a $300 Coach bag. I don't know how these young girls in their 20s afford Chanel, LV, Gucci. I guess wealthy parents. Now at 53 I feel I've worked hard and raised my boys and now if I want to spend ridiculous money on things that really aren't worth it...I do.
  7. @pamelapryor3269 [1 likes]: The best advise ever. Thank you very much
  8. @cher5119 [1 likes]: I like all ur tops. What do you call clothe or material of it?
  9. @huxu6171 [1 likes]: 你很特别，冷静，机智，有条理！
  10. @cutebabysister7250 [1 likes]: I love these tips! Hello, from Philippines:)
  11. @pamkingirl [1 likes]: Happy New Year! Kamsiah (thank you) Eileen so much for these tips, and congratulations on spending nothing last year! That is amazing that you've sold more than you had spent! Great job!!!
  12. @anahutcheson6579 [1 likes]: Eileen this was a wonderful video my birthday is coming up at the end of the month and I have been looking at Louis Vuitton trying to see something I like.  I don't like anything but I was feeling that I MUST buy because is a special day.  Thank you for your advice
  13. @yinglin9537 [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips Eileen! One tip i often use to make sure i want to purchase an item is to ask myself: if someone gave me a cheque now with the same amount of money that this item costs, would i be buying this item or keeping the money? If i doubt, i dont buy it. If i say ABSOLUTELY, i go for it ^^
  14. @monicabroniecki7624 [1 likes]: What process do you use to sell items?
  15. @fiorylolo [1 likes]: i really enjoyed watching the video  🌹
  16. @premeyumlife443 [1 likes]: That’s great advice to picture stacking cash next to that item n decide which u would rather have.👍🏼 thanks for sharing my lady. 😘😘😘Sandy
  17. @_juju_5 [1 likes]: That’s amazing Eileen, how well you practiced your Mindful Spending in 2019. Appreciate the tips, some of which I am already practising. Need to do it more...!
  18. @simplysilent2980 [1 likes]: Awesome tips/advice. I can relate on #2. I really enjoyed this. Thanks for sharing.
  19. @jennymeyers1995 [1 likes]: I use the how many hours of work to cover the purchase tip. Instead of stopping me in my tracks it just led to a whole lot of overtime, which then makes me tired and irritable and drops my dopamine levels. Which then need to be picked up again by a new purchase ! Agh, it’s a vicious cycle 😄😩
  20. @beverlygreene18: Wonderful video. Do you know which site I can sell my luxury items on and get a good return?

- Luxury Purchases I Regret Buying | Learn From My Mistakes!: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, thank you so much for tuning in. As you can see from the title, today we're going to be getting into those luxury regrets mistakes that I've made. Child, I want to give you guys some tips, some tricks, some things that you can take away so you don't make the same mistakes that I did. Okay, so let's get into it. I actually started shopping for luxury I think around 2020. So, it's not like I've been buying luxury items for like decades or anything. Um, but I have made a few mistakes along the way and I've learned from them thankfully. And I think because especially prices for items are so expensive right now, it's really important to do your due diligence and making sure that you um are being smart, you know, when it comes to purchasing your luxury items. First things first, make sure that the item that you're purchasing or you're wanting to purchase will fit into your wardrobe. Okay? I'm sure you guys have heard, and if you haven't, there is something that's called cost per wear. For me, for example, enter in this gorgeous pink cocoa handle here from Chanel. You guys, I have sold this bag. And when I saw this bag, I was in love. Okay, I don't wear a ton of pink when I go out. As you can see, I basically don't really have pink in my wardrobe. I have a few pink pieces in like my drawer um in the summertime, but generally I don't wear a ton of pink. So, for me to have this again gorgeous, stunning cocoa handle, it just wasn't practical for my wardrobe. I wore it a few times here and there and I just felt like I had to force it. Like, it wasn't something that was just like simple and easy for me to do. And that's why it's my first tip that you go ahead and take an assessment. Make sure that the item is going to fit. I'm not necessarily saying that you need to make sure that your bag is black when the first bag that you get is black because black matches with everything quote unquote. It's more so like if you're going to get an orange bag, will the orange bag work in your wardrobe? If you're going to get a green bag, will you have different outfits that you can mix and match and wear that that bag can fit seamlessly into? Again, that bag was gorgeous, but it was sitting on my shelf, and I felt like that money can be used in other ways. I am not the girly who just loves for items to just be sitting on the shelf and not touched. I like to wear my stuff. So that's why that one had to go. Okay. So next thing is the item practical for your lifestyle. So for handbags in particular, if you find yourself not gravitating towards larger bags, don't feel the need to invest in a high-end large bag. If you want to get a large bag, think about maybe getting one that's like from the mid-range um so you don't spend as much. For me, for example, um I got the Louis Vuitton Neverful, right? I thought it was a right of passage. Basically, you get a luxury bag, your first bag should be the LV Neverful. I did not wear it. I am not a big tote bag girl. Like classic tote bag shape. I'm not that girl. I am not. So, what did I do? I sold it. I sold the bag because I just wasn't finding myself wearing it. I think I actually maybe was my first luxury bag that I got. And like I said, I sold it because it just wasn't practical, because it's not my style. But I thought, you know, hey, you're getting a luxury bag. You should get a bag that people say is like the bag that you should wear because it's more practical. D I'm not a big tote bag girl, right? I am okay with my smaller bags. And if I do have a larger bag, it's typically not going to be in that traditional tote bag shape with the straps. It's not. And that's okay, right? So that's my recommendation is for you to take a look and figure out what is the most practical for your lifestyle. If you're always a girl on the go, like for nighttime, like you're going to dinner, you're going to all the things like events, maybe a smaller bag is more practical just because you don't want to carry something too large. Maybe you are a big bag girl, right? And you love really large bags and you have a ton of large bags in your wardrobe already that aren't luxury, then maybe it makes sense to get that. I definitely recommend taking that step back and just assessing and seeing, okay, what do I actually know that works with my lifestyle, my wardrobe, what am I actually going to wear? And then find different ways to make those practical. Maybe it's a cross body bag that can turn that's also a top handle, right? Just find those little things that work for you. Um, and go from there. Okay, so my next tip is going to be always make sure you are looking at the resale market. Okay. Sometimes you can kind of end up in that mode where you're like in person and you buy something spontaneously. And listen, if that's cool with you, that's cool. That's no problem. I'm here for it. But I always recommend um especially to those who are shopping for luxury for the first time. Is to go into the store and take a look and see what they have, but also take a look online as well and see what online has for you, too. And that's typically because you can find really really good quality items at a discount um on different websites. So fashion file is going to be my number one for handbags. If you are looking for a good handbag where they're very honest, fashion file is that girl. I have gotten things from fashion file where they have said that it was had this and had that girl. I didn't see it on there. Okay. I didn't see anything marks on the bag. Um also my second one is going to be the real real. So for fashion file, I recommend handbags, jewelry, shoes, fashion file or not necessarily shoes. I would say handbags, jewelry, fashion file. Ready to wear shoes, The Real Real. The Real Real has you covered. The Real Real has so many great deals. So sometimes it's like it's better for me to save a little bit of a coin, right? So, it's good to like take a look at the websites, see what they have available first, and then from there make your decision on if you want to purchase it brand new from the website, I mean from the store or if you want to go ahead and just purchase it online. And just know that sometimes if you are shopping online, like on the resale market, you may have to stock these items, okay? These items, especially those that are vintage or out of season or just super popular, they may not be available in store. For some of these items, you will have to like stock them online and see when they become available. I have a small wish list like in my mind of things that I know are no longer available that I actually go out my way to like look into every few days to see if maybe somebody's trying to sell it, right? Let me show you an example of something actually. So, this um little cutie here, this rectangular mini bag from Chanel, I actually got this from the Real Real. Um I'm not really a huge Real Real shopper for handbags. Um, but this one was I just the deal was just amazing. I got this bag for I think maybe $2,000. And as you know, Chanel's prices are crazy right now. They're upwards of like $8 to $12,000, but I was able to get this one for $2,000. It is in amazing condition. It is this patent leather color. Um, I have it like this where I can wear as a shoulder bag. I should actually wear this today. Super cute. Um, but this is something that if I wanted to go in store and I really wanted a bag like this, I could have just bought in store and spent so much more than just taking a look online, figuring out what I want to add to my wardrobe and then going from there. So, this is an example of something that I got um from the resale market at a really good deal um and then also um in really good condition. All right, you guys. So, next and final tip, y'all. This one has gotten me. Okay, I have gotten got with this one. Impulse shopping. I got this pair of shoes here. Um, it was definitely an impulse buy. It was a limited edition collection with like Jimmy Chu and Jean Paul Goautier and I was like, "Oh my gosh, it's limited edition." That's what gets me. The whole limited edition, got to get it now. Got to get it now. I feel like I'm going to have FOMO, so sometimes I just get it. Luckily, this item was on sale though. But at the same time, you guys, I didn't spend the time to really think about and follow the tips that I just gave you guys. Will this be practical? Where will I wear this? Will this work in my wardrobe? I saw it was on discount and I also saw it was something that was limited edition, so I impulsively purchased it. Y'all, I got them shoes in, y'all. [gasps and laughter] I put them shoes on my feet and I was like, "What the heck did I do? They look like witch shoes. They did not look right. Um, and I think it's because of the color. I've seen um that same style of shoe in another color look amazing on someone else. But the white and the point and the it was a lot. It was a lot for me. Luckily, I was able to find someone who was more than willing to purchase and I hope that they're enjoying it. But for me, that was an impulse buy and that was a regret. If you're going to impulse shop, again, take a beat to think about it and make sure it's going to work. it's going to work in your wardrobe. Make sure it's going to work for your body type because I have skinny ankles. So, I don't know where I thought I was going with those shoes. I look crazy. But again, that is just um something that I had to learn the hard way for sure. And spending that time doing that research will also help you to see um how other people feel about it, right? Maybe you're thinking about buying a shoe and you're wanting to impulsively buy it, but then you take a beat, you do some research, and you see that people say it takes forever to break into the shoe, right? right? And you're like, "Hey, I need to wear this like for an event. I don't have time to break into the shoe." Then maybe you don't get it right. Subsequently, you may see someone say, "Hey, this shoe is super comfortable. I love it. I have I've worn it so many times." You're like, "Okay, bet. At least I know somebody else has been enjoying it." So, so those are my tips. Um Oh, bonus tip. Oh my gosh, this was a regret as well. So, I purchased this bag here. Um I actually posted a video about it um here on YouTube. I purchased this bag, ended up sending this bag right back to ShopBop. It was this Prada little mini bag. I was looking for a red bag. I wanted it to be like and not necessarily like micro bag, more of like a mini small bag. Girl, I did not look at the dimensions of the bag. I don't think I did because when I got that bag and that bag was literally this big and I'm a mini bag girl, but for that bag for it to be like a like Boston style bag and to literally be like the size of like a little toy, I was like, "Oh, wo, that's crazy." So, that's another pro tip. If you're ordering online, please take a look at the dimensions, y'all. Make sure the bag is the size that you want. Don't just go off of the photos, okay? This is like a random bag that I have from Zara. Um, but I wanted the bag to be this size. So, as you can see, it's small, but it still will fit quite a bit. Girl, that bag was literally like I was like, "Wait, should I keep this?" Like, I don't Girl, I sent it right back. That was a regret of mine because I didn't look at the dimensions. I just saw it. I saw the price and I was like, "Oh, great." And I got it. And it was a regret. It was a regret for sure. All right, you guys. Thank you so much for tuning into the video. I hope you guys enjoyed it. And I hope you guys are able to take this away and like learn, have some tips that you can apply when you're shopping for your luxury items. Let me know if you have any recent or any past luxury regrets that you want to share with me. Otherwise, I will catch you guys in my next video. Can't wait to talk to you guys again soon. Bye y'all.

  Top Comments:
  1. @stacyb6461: The bag thing def took me a couple years to nail down. Did some selling and curating.

Once I stopped looking at the next hot thing by influencers and focused on what I really want in my wardrobe for my style and colors, that worked.

I didn't want or need a ton of black/nuetral bags like everyone advices. I curated to 3 black- my chanel jumbo, a Brandon blackwood small bamboo and I think a clutch Incase I have a wedding and I think that's all I need. 

All my other bags are jewel tone colors that fit my wardrobe. (Brown, greens, blues)

- My most impulsive purchases, my regrets & my favorites! *Possibly some of my WORST luxury items*: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys welcome back to my Channel today we're gonna talk about all the purchases that I've made impulsively I think I'm actually someone who thinks the things that I'm gonna buy through like a lot before actually making that purchase but I do have some times where I have not taken the time to really consider if it's going to be a good idea or not and just in the moment I'm like yes I want it I'll take it and it ends up being either a really good purchase or a really bad one so I usually have a way to decide if something is going to be worth it to add to my collection or my closet in general I don't tend to do this often however sometimes you're at the store they show you something or you find a very good deal pre-loved and you're like I need to buy it and it's happened to me a few times I've also followed Trends quite blindly without really thinking about the practicality of the product so I don't really have a few right now that I'm gonna show you that I absolutely regret I don't even know what to do with these things because selling them doesn't even feel good like I don't think that anyone who buys them for me is gonna actually enjoy them so I thought that it was going to be an interesting topic so I want to start with the most recent one and this was not planned was absolutely never on my wish list I never even thought about owning it like was not even an afterthought in my head but when I saw it I was like I might need to buy it this is my massive Louis Vuitton niece and I have Denise Bibi and I have Denise Nano and I absolutely love them but I already think that Denise BB is big enough when you're traveling sometimes when I'm only taking like Carry On My Knees baby usually stays behind and I use my toiletries because they're a little bit like Slimmer and easier to pack while there needs baby like it's like a cube that takes a lot of space and yes I'm a small person but this is still quite massive in my opinion and I decided to get this for my Dyson but I decided it the moment that I saw it so when I saw this in stock at BAM luxury store they had it for around 500 euros and I was like wait a minute that's actually an insane deal I love it and and I opened it and you're gonna see because I don't regret this one just letting you know this actually solved one of the issues that bothered me it was a really small issue not relevant at all but just like kind of bothering me maybe has a little mirror right here and stuff here to put like hair ties and everything inside I have all my hair products including my Dyson with all the attachments and my sprays my dry shampoo my hair ties and the thing is that in my bathroom there's no storage space at all so my Dyson was just there in the bathroom and all my products too so I get sensory overload when I feel like clutter and I definitely had no space to put everything unless I would like put it in a box and put it away and here like this looks very nice and tidy and stunning let me say this is stunning and all your stuff fits right here I definitely don't plan to use it for traveling unless I'm going by car somewhere that I like just grab and go and I usually don't even travel with my Dyson so that like that's not the issue but I would have never bought this if it was not like a really good deal I've seen them selling for over 2 000 and I already love the knees so much and I use it every single day so I decided to sell a pair of Louis Vuitton boots and instead get this one and so far in a few weeks that I've owned this I've used it way more than the Louis Vuitton wood so I would say that this was actually a good purchase I just let go of something that was not serving me anymore because the big monogram boots were not my style and I was just not reaching out for them so this that really just like decorates my bathroom and it's very functional and it's very good for traveling it's quite huge but I don't care because I'm not gonna be like light and kind with this piece I'm for sure gonna use it and take advantage of its functionality in all the pockets I'm actually gonna add some workout organizer for it I definitely need one it has a luggage tag yeah it's massive in case you want to compare it to the news BB I brought it for research purposes so when I tell you this is big like I mean it for me even if it was impulsive it was such a great deal and I'm gonna be possibly by the end of the year telling you guys that this was an amazing and one of my best purchases of the year now the second one was really weird for me to end up deciding going for it so I've had on my wish list I've broken 35 for the longest time and I've had it in Gold gray black any neutral because it's like a really big bag and I don't want any bright colors that are gonna be too much for me so when it came the moment um I had two bags on my radar and it was for my birthday so there was a Goldberg in 35 and then there was this my blueberkin this is blue Celeste in 30 not 35 Epsom with Palladium Hardware it has a different color interior so this bag when I saw it in stock I was like what a color it was a type of moment where I was like let's just do it let's just go for the blue bag and I was actually a little bit concerned about the fact that I might not use it as much as the other one because it's a blue bag and I'm more of a neutral kind of person so most of my clothes is neutral and I've been trying to diversify a little bit more here and there so when I got this one it was definitely impulsive I was like let's just go for the beautiful blue one that I'm never gonna be able to find again and I got this one from season two consign so when I saw it in person because I bought this one without ever seeing it in person they were really really nice and they showed me videos and everything and let's just say that it was a massive hit after this I'm just reaching out for color more and more and I'm not as afraid like I understand if you have a neutral closet like I I feel like I do and mix and matching neutral outfits with colorful bags and vice versa usually works out quite well I love this bag so much and I use it so so much that it was definitely a good impulsive decision I still want to work in 35 but would never regret this bag in this color it's so beautiful this next one is going to be my first regret and what I can definitely tell you is that just because something is pretty it doesn't mean that you need to have it or that it's worth it and this I feel kind of dumb for buying this because I did try them on at the store I remember the store feeling like oh these are not very comfortable but they're so pretty and I just went with it they're so pretty that it's worth it type of thing so this are a hazard like like using them is truly like dangerous so you need to be very very careful when you're wearing them I saw this first of course on social media and I was like oh my God they're amazing they're stunning and when I try the money with like my legs look so good I really really love them I tried walking with them and the thing is that when you use them you step on the boat like if you are not careful you're gonna step on the boat trip and lose your teeth there's no way around that so the times that I've decided to wear this is what I know that I'm gonna be sitting down 90 of the time and that I have my boyfriend with me so he can hold my arm while I'm walking in case I trip that's like truly the measures that I have to take whenever I wear this and the thing is that I'm already not a heel person so I have no idea what I was thinking I mean I I know what I was thinking I was just thinking that they're pretty but at the same time I I should have known better than buying something that I knew that was going to be really hard to use and I do this with choose all the time I don't know what to say I don't think that I want to sell them because again being very dumb I still kind of like them but I don't think that this was a good purchase I definitely didn't think this through and right now if you look online you're gonna see so many people telling you that they are very hard to use so yeah this Jimmy choos are not my smartest moment this is the next one and this was impulsive yes I know at the same time because I decided to get this one at one point where I was not considering ever getting it it was not on my wishlist and it was not in the cards for me like in that sense so I was actually aiming for a yellow classic flop instead of this bag so the thing is that it was in stock and instead of getting the yellow one I was like I don't know I want to see it and Georgia from her look she's like very very good at convincing me to get things that I shouldn't get so she was like yes you should get it you're gonna love it I mean she had a point about me getting married in one year and this could be my wedding bag and I love pearls like I really really love pearls like I wear pearl earrings all the time and bracelets and necklaces I just I love pearls it really made sense I wanted this bag since 2019 it was always like no it's not gonna happen and then it did happen and I've been really loving it I think waiting for it was a very good decision because if I would have gotten this back before like a few years ago I would for sure regret buying the bag because I find it to be quite a dressy amazing spectacular unique bag however I was not dressing in a way that I would have pulled this bag off and I was not going places where I could have taken this bag without looking a little bit crazy or just doing too much so right now with some of the things I'm doing and the way that I'm dressing and living here in Europe it just gave me the chance to fully enjoy this bag since I've gotten it and I love it for trolling I love it for events I love it for dinners I love it for anything related to the wedding so I think it was such a hit impulsive yes very much but I do feel like this bag does align very well with what I wear right now and I really really love it and so far no pearls have full enough it's in perfect condition and if anything happens to it I'll let you guys know another one that was very impulsive that I did sell were the Hermes orange sandals I got them in Houston when I was visiting and they just kind of had them in my size and I do this all the time when I find shoes in my size I'm like yeah I have to buy them because I never find shoes in my size so I was at the store and I was looking for something else and then I just asked do you have any shoes in 35 they're like yeah I have the orange I tried them on and at the store when you try them on that first time they seem comfy so I did zero research and which is like ah they fit I'll take them big big mistake since day one they were so loud uncomfortable just not for me they were not a smart purchase I ended up selling them I have realized that not because I find a shoe in my size it means I should buy it but if I go and ask for a shoe that I want and they have it in my size then I buy this one was also an impulsive purchase and I'm still not sure if it was the right decision or not this is my crystal Saddleback from PF and I'm gonna try to focus on it so it's in Saturn and it's the mini size so I got this one also for my birthday and my thought process was I've always wanted a subtle black but I was always in the yes no yes no and it was always a matter of I haven't seen the perfect one I don't want to buy a plain black one I don't want a brown one there's something missing and when I saw this one with the crystals I was like okay it's perfect having meaning to get a crystal back for the longest time and I was actually set on the product layer with crystals but I knew that a full Crystal bag would have been maybe a little bit too much for me so when I saw this on cyclops website I was like maybe this is a sign I've always wanted a Saddleback and I've been meaning to get a crystal bag and this is like a very subtle in between you can see it has the crystals here and here and here and also it's not velvet it's satin so it's not going to attract my dog's hairs which is super important for me because my dog she sheds so much so I've used this bag a few times when I'm going to dinner but not as often as I would like since the bag doesn't really have a strap and adding a strap I don't think would be a good idea I think it could Dent the crystal right here so I just take it handheld and it doesn't really fit much because the Saddleback is kind of a weird shape bag so this doesn't fit my phone this doesn't fit most wallets either so I'm in the Journey of implementing this bag into my life I do feel like it's a very special way to add a classic like this saddlebag to my collection and I don't have many like Night Out bags so I think it was good I just need to use it out a little bit more this pair I actually did kind of think about them but not the specific ones I actually wanted the part of ones but when I saw that Celine had this in my size I try them at the store actually at the store they were kind of comfortable so I I went with it and I got them they add some height I've tried everything to make them comfortable and I just can't these shoes are hell like torture I don't even want to sell them because I don't want to do this to anyone else like the Jimmy Choo are useful with care this one I walk a little bit and my feet are crying I just can't and I've tried the freezer hack I tried the hair dryer hack the putting socks inside stretching them out breaking them in by myself nothing really helps so I'm gonna take them to uh shoe place close to my house and see what they can do but so far I regret this so so much this next one it was not on my wish list at all I never really consider getting it until the day that I went into the store tried it on and my boyfriend was like oh it's so cute it looks so beautiful on you when my boyfriend likes something and he says that it looks good it does influence a little bit when I like it and I don't know I like the bag it was a big hit definitely I did not expect to ever buy it I didn't even expect to like it at all and I do love the bag so without ever being on the wish it is and buying a size smaller that doesn't even fit my phone and not being a classic or anything I still love this bag and use it a lot so I'm pleasantly surprised and in my opinion it was a really good purchase this were it basically the times where I didn't use my regular thought process which I'm gonna talk about so usually when it comes to buying bags or shoes I'm someone who does like deep dive research and I give it a lot of time I take quite seriously when I buy something like this expensive especially when it comes to bags and I think that I'm at a point where I know my style quite well and I know what I like yes I have a lot of similar bags but it's literally what works for me and what I like to use so when I see something new let's say right now I literally love the Sardine bag from botera in the the big one I'm not going to buy it because I think I need like eight months to see if I still like it in eight months and if in eight months I I still kind of want the bag then I'm gonna buy it because the trend on social media and the love in my head would have faded if it was not something that I truly kind of like so in my opinion from the moment that you put something on the wish list to the moment where you actually buy it it should be a few months apart minimum three because you have no idea how social media has influenced things that I like and when I see someone that I really like that I think dresses very well and they get a bag and I like how it looks on them I'm like oh my God it's gonna look amazing on me but we don't have the same lifestyle we don't do the same stuff so it may as well not work for me so giving time trying it on in person looking for reviews and especially looking for negative reviews helps me a lot so I want to know what people find annoying about the item not only the beautiful and pretty it is basically because there's things that you don't find out until you own the bag like maybe the zipper is annoying maybe it doesn't fit this maybe it slips from your shoulder maybe it scratches easy I just I want to know those things so YouTube is very good for that I love the fact that no matter what it is I always find someone who has a review on the item I also have like a scale of wishlist items like when I say for something I save specifically for that let's say right now I am actively saving for a Birkin 35. and if I find something else I don't use like my other money like if I buy something it's like from the Birkin 35 money because I'm not gonna spend double if it makes sense so I have a separate section on my bank account where you can put the name for the savings so that saving is literally called virgin 35 and it's the only bag that I'm saving for right now so if I were to buy right now the Sardine bag it would give me a huge step back on the 35 and I wouldn't dip into my other savings or other money that I have for something else not at all so I am quite firm in that aspect I also don't get anything usually that I don't see myself wearing in five to ten years because time flies by like I cannot believe how long I've been doing YouTube videos and he doesn't even feel like that long but honestly it does and style and Trends change so so much so I always want to make sure that it's something that I will really really like for a really long time so you never know yeah this time I just went to the store or just saw them available and I was like I'm gonna take them sometimes it works out sometimes it doesn't so I would love to hear if you have anything like this happening to you and maybe it was a success you bought something and you were like I love it I'm so glad that I was so impulsive or something that you're now regretting so so much I would love to hear you guys in the comments and if you're new to my Channel please consider subscribing and click the notification Bell down below so I miss any of my videos if you're not done watching YouTube videos right here in case you want to check them out thank you and see you on the next one bye thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThatGirlLindsNicole [3 likes]: That blue is the dream! I LOVE it with the silver hardware
  2. @SimplySheilaB [2 likes]: Love the blue Birkin ❤
  3. @Zombiepinup12 [1 likes]: I have to say. Your nails look gorgeous!! What color 😍
  4. @maplestar001 [1 likes]: Hi Lou!! Just wondering about how the humidity in the washroom can affect the leather and vachetta for your nice? Thank you!
  5. @jennychuang4959 [1 likes]: My best impulse purchase was my Dior saddle pouch in the oblique canvas. It's essentially a WOC, but it fits a ton. I use it primarily for business travel - fits my cards, passports, phones etc. Super useful!
  6. @Shethrifts: Those SAs r so good at talking u into purchases😂 been there..
  7. @annamatteucci9261: I never buy impulsively BUT last week I was at the only Goyard store in my country to check some stuff. While I was in line I received the news that my family cat has not much time left. I started crying like a baby and when we got in I tried on the mini Anjou in yellow. My husband, who is my "shopping brake" said: "Take it. You deserve it". Obviously it is not like having my cat in health, but it was helpful and I'm actually really enjoying using that bag.
  8. @naomibeckett3101: Hi Lou, would love to know where you got your lemon classic flap from? Was it direct from store? I’ve been looking for one for ages   , hoping to find one preloved. Thanks, Naomi x
  9. @monotone6857: The blue birkin makes your eyes look even prettier 🥺❤️.
  10. @OatRealThisIsMe: Came across your channel too late. 😓 Just purchased Celine Loafer a month ago and never wear since then, it passed to return. It is comfy and cute in the store boutique when I'm trying it on.
  11. @assleepyassayu4619: thanks Lou! Appreciate you made this video after my last comment XX I’m really bad at saying no to SAs at shops so I try to not grab their attention too much coz I love looking at new stuff in luxury shops😂 it helps me reaffirm my wish list
  12. @susannayee644: Thanks for your honest reviews Lou.
  13. @mini0001: I just bought the the Trendy CC impulsively but no regrets, it’s so pretty and it’s my first lambskin from Chanel!
  14. @cheryltamelcoff2557: Very wise advice
  15. @mafaldamontecalvo5678: Wow! 😯 Pearl Chanel bag!! Enjoy it! It’s gorgeous!!
  16. @coraliu2386: Really love your videos! In such a trendy society, you’ve been always so honest and practical for ideas! Even you were much younger than me, your videos are always so inspiring to me. Keep it going ❤
  17. @deepthisglamourglobe: Lovely video 🎉❤
  18. @WenD1908: Those Jimmy Choos are🔥That’s a bummer that they seem to be equally dangerous to wear.
  19. @miradonfbd: Shoes are so difficult for me. I’ve even tried on a specific pair multiple times, bought them and then they’re unwearable.
I tried on the Prada chunky loafers. For me, in the store, they weren’t comfortable. I don’t know if I could stretch them out in certain places? I hope the cobbler can help you with the Celine loafers.
  20. @rizzi2205: Plse get oasis Hermes heels instead of orans. Much better and not noisy!

- 5 LUXURY Items You Will ALWAYS Regret Buying: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back i hope you're all so well so in today's video i want to talk about luxury items that you will regret buying almost every time if you don't seriously think about them before you purchase them and if you're being too impulsive so hopefully today's video is gonna help you out and keep you from that regretful purchase and i don't know why i'm talking like that right now i hate that i need to like be normal sometimes i'm like i feel like i listen to myself talking and i'm like that sounds way too unrealistic like it doesn't even sound real angely get your life together okay so anyways that's what we're gonna be talking about today um i hope you guys like this video please give it a thumbs up and let's go ahead and jump right into it number one are luxury face masks let's stop doing this i hope we already stopped doing this but let's just stop doing this the only thing tackier than a luxury face mask is a fake luxury face mask why um but the most important thing is i think a lot of people don't realize this you're not supposed to wear the same mask over and over and over again you're breathing bacteria and grossness into that mask all day long and then you're gonna wear it for another day and another day and another day now i'm not a freaking health professional but that's just common sense so for me i just like to use the medical ones that i can throw away um you know the disposable ones because it it's just gross and the amount of makeup and everything else that gets all over my mask is so disgusting so i couldn't even imagine getting a luxury one and then you have to wash it and i mean i don't know i don't know that i want to smell freaking laundry detergent all day long either when i'm wearing my mask so anyways i think that is something you will regret moving on to number two is a bright crazy colorful bag this might work for some people but most people i think especially if you're on a budget or if you have a smaller luxury collection getting something like a bright pink or a bright yellow or neon green luxury bag for thousands of dollars is definitely going to be a regretful purchase because you're not going to be able to wear that bag as much especially if you're someone like me that really likes to make sure the outfit fits together and things make sense now i'm personally someone i like to wear neutrals i rarely am in color like today i'm sitting here in this light blue dress which is beautiful by the way i'll leave the link down below but um i rarely like wear color i i like neutrals and i know there are people that love color but there's only so many things you can wear a neon green bag with before it just doesn't look good you know what i mean so i just feel like it would be an item that you wouldn't reach for that much let's move on to the next item which is any trendy impulse purchase so this is an item that you see a lot on social media and everybody has it and you're like oh my god i need it click i'm gonna buy it that you cannot do that it's happened to me so many times you cannot do that you have to look at yourself you have to look at your style your body type your closet to make sure that that item that you're seeing so many other people wear is actually going to work with your wardrobe so definitely definitely think it through make sure that um you know it makes sense for you last but certainly not least is a phone case some people might disagree with me because i know there are a lot of people that love their phone cases but phones change so much there's a new iphone freaking i feel like every other month okay that's exaggerated but you know what i mean um i don't want to constantly have to spend eight to nine hundred dollars on a new phone case even though they look cute they're not very practical it doesn't make much sense i want a phone case well i don't even have a phone case but if i were to have a phone case i'd want one that would actually protect my phone and um that i could use you know with all my other phones or at least if i would throw it i would have to throw it away because i'm getting a new phone it wouldn't like hurt my heart because now i'm out 900 i mean i know you could sell it but you're never gonna get that same money back um so yeah that is it for today's video hope you guys liked it give it a thumbs up if you did and i'll see you guys in my next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Natalia_Kowal [15 likes]: I just bought a neon pink Alma 😆 but I'm one the the rare cases who loves colorful bags and a statement piece
  2. @sylwiaapinska1584 [11 likes]: l dont agree with one use masks it is HELLA not good for the evironment and all one use only stuff is very irresponsible in current climate . You should think about that more and you can wash your mask with an organic soap with no fragrance.
  3. @ashfitrn [9 likes]: Love color bags. Step out of your comfort zone if your wallet allows you too 😊
  4. @navkaur3995 [7 likes]: I have a Tiffany blue bag & it’s my favorite color 🥰🥰
  5. @Camahone [4 likes]: OMG, you're so right especially about the face mask 😷 It's supposed to be change and clean!!
BTW love your pearly headband, so stunning 😍  ❤
  6. @handbaghaven9083 [3 likes]: I would hope people are washing their frabic face mask after use. I hand wash mine with woolight.
  7. @Kizzabell [2 likes]: I like the disposable black masks. I don't know how people wear cloth masks. They are so claustrophobic. If someone gave me a luxury mask I doubt I could stand wearing it for a 5 minutes.
  8. @educo6534 [2 likes]: Hello from the Gran Canaria! Love your videos!
  9. @Divinenubian [1 likes]: True true true about the mask although I bought a few paper mask I used twice.

The neon bags are fun but childish looking. I would thift one for under 5 bucks for a moment.

No designer phone case for me.
  10. @BagznBirdz: I'm that girl that buys blue and black jeans, black trousers and white, grey, light blue and black shirts, tops, knits and hoodies. I need colorful bags! They are what makes my wardrobe function. I do have several marine and black bags though but I do have olive green, teal green, red, fuchsia, mustard yellow, pink, purple and checkered tweed bags as well. I also think a small bag collection can also survive one or two colorful bags; more than that would need a very monochromatic wardrobe to accompany them. 
But designer phone cases - OMG don't get me started! I've bought a few cases from sales and they are not high end. I think the most I've paid for a case is 17 euros. Even that was too high IMO. The case is really beautiful though...I've had the same phone for  3 years now and I will keep it for as long as Apple keeps releasing updates for it. After the updates stop I will take my mom's old iPhone 7 that actually fits the same cases as my phone now. :D
  11. @MissTiffee619: If you only wear neutrals, then a colored bag would go just fine since neutrals go with everything.
  12. @JasonLuxLover: Right I can’t stand the fake luxury mask wearing people! And yeah they never wash them! 🤮🤮🤮😷😋😋
  13. @JasonLuxLover: Hello 👋🏻 from Dayton Ohio! I love luxury handbags and found your channel and subscribed! Totally agree with you on some of your views !
  14. @lindayvoung4692: HOLA!! What is the best choice for someone love the designer but can only earn $2000 every month ? I think bagreps.com is a life saver. $200 for something real. LOL:yt::yt:
  15. @tigerlilly9038: the luxury face masks bothers my inner holy spirit as well, YUCK 🤮...I may be the only person who finds those super nano bags (looking at you Balenciaga) are hideous, fast burning trend that are going to resale for fractions once the trend wave is over....
  16. @lamsara2664: I have been a rich woman, and I have been a poor woman. But there's something never change is I shop bagreps.com Everytime I saw the collection of bags in my closet I feel peace inside. Life Saverrrr!:yt::yt::yt:
  17. @maryabdel-malik656: Totally agree 👍👍
  18. @AnaCosta-fc8mx: You must love number 5. All your videos are 5 something 😂
  19. @debraalleyne1760: Love the headband.  Where did you get it?
  20. @luxblondenyc657: I like where u settled on filming in ur new house.  I like this background and a sound is good too.

- Incredible Transformation Abandoned Plane → Luxury Forest Villa (Full Story): Kind: captions Language: en It's almost unbelievable that a massive passenger plane like a colossal behemoth managed a smooth landing deep within the forest. After countless spring and autumn years of solitude, some visionaries aimed to transform it into a hidden luxury villa by the sea. With the preliminary renovation plan fully implemented, professional workers arrived on site to begin a year-long massive overhaul. The first step involves redefining the weatherproof plane's appearance with dozens of workers using specialized tools in well-coordinated efforts. Remove the debris from the fuselage bit by bit. Wipe the solid Taiwan blood again and again and then carefully polish off the layers of show agent. After many days of continuous highintensity work, the originally dark and worn out fuselage finally faded the traces of time, revealing a clean metal substrate. Then the workers immediately carried out professional anti-corrosion treatment to isolate the moisture in the forest and avoid corrosion again and then sprayed a brand new protective paint surface. In a short time, the whole fuselage was completely changed from a dilapidated wreck to a neat and bright main body. The appearance change was completely reborn and the external replacement was completed. Next, it moved to the interior of the engine cabin and started the internal transformation journey. The internal environment of the undecorated engine room is extremely poor. The iron plate on the ground is rotten in a large area and the corners are piled up with dust and discarded debris accumulated for many years. It is dark and broken for a long time. However, the workers on the site are full of experience and professional ability, so they can deal with it easily. They first completely repaired the rusty floor, polished off all the show layers, and repaired the broken iron plates. At the same time, the laying of water and electricity lines in the villa is also promoted synchronously without delay. In the fine painting process, the visual effect of undulating waves is specially designed so that the ground is no longer. The restored ground is smooth and unique, and with high-grade soft furniture, the core living room of KG Villa is completed. With the exquisite aquarium oceanstyle ground, and the smart aquarium landscape, the whole space is fresh and unique. There was absolutely no trace of the once dilapidated cabin. In one area, workers adhered to proven technology while tackling the engine rooms, which faced prolonged abandonment. These spaces, riddled with mountains of waste and severely corroded parts, demanded extensive cleaning and repeated polishing until all visible decay vanished. Alongside these efforts, simultaneous tasks began in water and electrical systems, wall and ceiling restoration, and soft decor work. The craftsmanship displayed here is topnotch, securing employment in the field could be as simple as exploring local job platforms like 58.com for immediate opportunities. In order to quickly dry and shape the paint surface, it is also specially baked with professional equipment and a comfortable big bed and a light luxury sofa are placed after the ground supply is accelerated. This area is transformed into a bedroom full of style. Simple and low-key but luxurious everywhere. The living comfort is directly increased and then the renovation of the third area is started. Still following the standard process of cleaning up first, then repairing and then decorating. Although the basic construction technology is almost the same, the design style is unique. The main rose theme first completes the exquisite decoration of the wall and then makes waterproof primer for the ground. Fresh and delicate rose petals are spread all over the ground and the romantic atmosphere is instantly filled. Then epoxy branches are evenly poured into them waiting for them to dry and harden naturally and the petals are permanently frozen on the ground which is beautiful and high-grade. Finally, with a large capacity storage cabinet, an exclusive luxury cloak room was born with both face value and practicality. After that, the children's room was carefully built with warmth and childhood as the core. First, the ground was thoroughly cleaned. The rust removal, renovation, and waterproofing treatment of the foundation were completed. And then, the ground was covered with brightly colored fresh petals, poured into transparent epoxy branches, which were initially hardened and baked and shaped with a musket, and then finally polished with a sander, finally showing a dreamy and romantic ground effect. A lovely bed was placed in the room filled with all kinds of soft rag dolls, and the whole children's room was warm and depressed, full of virginity, which made people love it at first glance. Thanks to the oversized fuselage area of the passenger plane, the remaining areas are continuously transformed according to a unified process, but different styles are designed according to functional requirements, creating a comprehensive living space. The oversized open kitchen space is spacious enough to easily accommodate people to operate family dinners at the same time, and it is completely enough for friends to gather. The independent bathroom is equipped with a spacious washing room and a luxurious bathtub, and every detail is high-end, which makes people sigh that this is an unaffordable configuration. In addition, the workers also dug an oversized tunnel in the open space next to the passenger plane, which was professionally transformed into a supporting outdoor luxury swimming pool. The construction technology is exquisite. The professional details are impeccable, and the whole forest villa is fully functional. I am a children's room in the cloak room in the living room. The kitchen pool has everything you need to live in seclusion near the sea, and you won't feel tired of living for decades. After a year of renovation, Pingshu has finally been decorated. After watching the whole renovation process, I wonder what you think of this unique plane villa. How many points would you score out of 100? Then the question is, if you were given the opportunity to stay for free, would you be willing to live here?

- How Ruined Buildings Become Luxury Homes | Stunning Renovation Transformation #viral #trending #fyp: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to our renovation site. Today, I'll show you exactly how ruined buildings are transformed into luxury homes step by step. >> Look at the stress fractures here. The structural integrity is compromised at this point. >> My readings confirm that the beam is unstable. As the heavy machinery moves in, the focus is on controlled demolition, removing only the elements while Every section is rebuilt to meet modern safety, comfort, and luxury standards. Every luxury home is thoroughly inspected before it's completed. And that's how ruined buildings are transformed into stunning luxury homes. Licity from start to finish.

- LUXURY PIECES I REGRET BUYING & WOULDNT REPURCHASE! | Kenzie Scarlett: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone and welcome to today's video my name is Kenzie if you did not know that then now you're known you guys today I'm gonna be going over the luxury purchases I have made that I regret doing and some pieces that I would unfortunately not repurchase if this is your first time ever seeing me then hello I'm so happy to have you my name is Kenzie I make a lot of videos about luxury handbags luxury fashion travel jewelry but mostly handbags I like those a lot but if that sounds fun to you it'd be like the idea then I would ask you to consider clicking the Subscribe button to give this video a like and ding a little bell down there so you're notified every time I upload and you guys without any further Ado let's get on into the video so yes unfortunately there have been a few purchases here and there that were kind of on a whim that I didn't fully think about before purchasing them that now looking back I kind of regret buying them and if I had the opportunity to like return them still I probably would return them and I probably would have repurchased these pieces not because any of them are necessarily bad by any means these pieces are not like bad quality they're not like bad it's just I either don't get very much aware out of them my style is changed and I don't like them anymore um or they're like bags or accessories that I just don't reach for unfortunately so I have a few clothing pieces uh shoes I have one accessory and then I have a couple of bags as well sadly so let's just get started with the clothing pieces because I have a few of them first up is going to be these now these are from Fendi and they were in collaboration with skims now I have three of these I have this one right here which is kind of like a orangey red color it's very beautiful color and I'm mostly talking about this one but I do have the brown one and I have the black one now those two I still really like I feel like the reason I don't wear them as much is because I feel like people look at me weird they don't because like it's not in your face or anything but like the only place I can really wear those two is when I go into the city like when other people also dress up it's not like I live in New York I say this all the time I want to move to New York so bad if I was in New York I wouldn't feel weird walking down the street with like the Fendi bodysuit on because I it doesn't matter no one gives a in New York but like I I feel like if I wore something like this in my city it would be odd I don't know I think that's just me holding myself back but yeah I really do love this bodysuit as you can see it says Fendi and skims on the front this one right here I literally never wear I've worn this one probably once or twice even though the color is absolutely stunning I'm obsessed with this color I just don't wear color anymore again I don't know if it's a me problem I don't know if my style is just changed and I just don't gravitate towards color very much anymore and I kind of want to change that about myself because I used to wear a lot of color like if you watched my content before I did luxury stuff like if you watched my Italy Vlogs or any pretty much any of my Vlogs like two years ago or so you would know that I had a very very different style than the style that I have now but now I look at color sometimes and I'm just like I can't wear that but why of course I can I say this all the time to you guys I just say we're on a rock in the middle of space it doesn't matter nothing matters and it's in my head that I can't wear color anymore and I'm just like I need to break that but I probably wouldn't repurchase these anyways they were expensive and I did not get them when they were actually available on skimj's website I got them second hand from Poshmark and I paid a pretty decent premium for these because you couldn't get them on skims anymore but yeah I did not need to buy these probably would not repurchase do not get enough wear out of them unfortunately a next piece that I bought just because of the hype and I never wear this this right here is from off-white I was actually very heavily influenced by Cassie Thorpe to get this piece I love off-white I think off-white is a very great brand I wear this sometimes again I want to get more into color again like I just want to start branching out and wearing things out of my comfort zone again but there this right here I've worn this twice three times maybe I'm not even sure if I've worn this out I've worn this around the house to film videos in and stuff and maybe I've worn it once I have no idea I just I have not worn this very often it's very loud but then again it's such a cool pattern look at that and I got this because it was so impossible to find I have this thing to where like I do fall in to the horrors of fomo pretty easily and if I know something is like limited edition or if it's almost sold out websites get me way too often when they're like last one in stock hurry buy it now that's the last one it's not coming back I'm a sucker for stuff like that and this one came back like Christmas last year or something and I ended up buying it from a website called forward and I do love this again if I lived in New York I might wear it I'm not gonna get rid of any of these pieces just because I might end up wearing them again one of these days if by move but yeah this right here I unfortunately just do not get enough wear out of it's a fantastic body well it's not really a bodysuit it's like a shirt like a shirt bodysuit thing the last clothing piece that I have for this uh video is going to be these if you did not even know that I had these in my collection it's probably not a surprise because I've literally never worn these actually that's not true I wore them one time in New York I brought them with me to New York and I wore them in New York these are Burberry shorts and a couple of reasons why I don't wear them very often is because I got them in a size too big these are a size six and I am usually a size four sometimes a size two depending on the brand but I got these in a size six because I couldn't find a size four anywhere I got these from satire I think that's how you call the brand c-e-t-t-i-r-e satire and they were like on mega sale when I got them but they are so big so I only wore them one time in New York but I actually liked them when I wore them maybe I'll wear them again in the future and I just don't wear them here because it's loud as it's Burberry like anyone and their mom is gonna be able to tell that this is burberry and also it's not even the fact that it's loud it's also the fact that it's shorts and I just don't wear shorts like I don't wear shorts unless I know that I'm going to be outside all day long in New York that made sense because in New York you walk around so much so I knew that I was going to be outside where I live you don't walk anywhere you drive and then you get out of your car you go into the restaurant or go into the store and you just stay in there and then come back get in your car and drive away I'm gonna get cold I won a million percent gonna get cold that's one reason why I just don't wear shorts but I would not repurchase these just because I just don't wear them enough I mean they're cute and everything it's just I feel like nowadays it's a little too much I know it doesn't matter and I just got done saying that but for Me Maybe little too much now those are all the clothing pieces I have I do have one pair of shoes of shoes and you guys I'm literally so sad that these shoes are on this list in this video but they're these they are the off-white out of office sneakers look at just how beautiful these are can we just have a moment for how stunning and beautiful these sneakers are I adore these sneakers up the bottoms are relatively clean because I've worn them twice I wore them once to go to lunch and then I wore them once to go to the mall I do not know why I don't reach for these I feel like one of the reasons I don't reach for them enough is because I don't wear shorts I think these would look fire with shorts I don't think they look amazing with jeans I think if I am wearing jeans and I'm just going to wear my sambas or I'm gonna wear my Celine sneakers or pretty much any other sneakers that I have these ones look amazing with shorts also I'm afraid of getting these dirty because they're so beautiful that is don't wear them I just do not pick them up I do not put them on I only wore them that one day to go out to lunch because I knew that it was going to be a nice day it wasn't going to be wet or raining or literally anything because I'm so scared of getting them dirty like I want them to stay this beautiful forever so I just don't wear them even on the laces it says shoelaces like it's such a cool pair of sneakers that I feel really bad that I don't wear them I wouldn't re-buy them for the sole fact that I don't wear them and I am afraid to get them dirty that's the whole point as to why I don't wear these I have one accessory and then we'll move on to the two bags that I do regret buying and that's that's gonna be a doozy this it's these These are sunglasses and these are the YSL sunglasses and these are like the YSL Sunglasses if anybody talks about Saint Laurent sunglasses they're talking about these it's like the mica sunglasses the cat eye ones these are beautiful sunglasses I love these I do not wear them ever because they are way too big like the frames are just huge and I cannot figure out to save my life how to tighten them how to make them stay on my face but like you put them on they're literally just sitting there like there's nothing holding them there's nothing gripping them they slide off my face they do not stay put and I know that I'm not supposed to wear sunglasses up here but like that's just how it's gonna work like I don't know I don't know any body that doesn't do this but like if I leave my head back they just fall off like that they fall off you don't have to lean your head back very far like these are so big and they're so wide that they're they just fall off my face especially if it's like a hot day they don't stay on at all and I love the look of them I love the vibe they are fantastic sunglasses like the quality is amazing and everything like in theory they're fantastic sunglasses but they just don't stay on my face I don't know how to get them resized if I did I one million percent would because I do like them and I would like to wear them I've taken them to like eye places like glasses stores they act like they have no idea what I'm talking about they're like we can't tighten these and I think they can't tighten them because there is a risk of them getting broken so they're like not wanting to take that risk or something but yeah I do love these I might end up trying to sell these or something because I like never wear them and they're in perfect condition but yeah I would not repurchase these because they're way too big okay we're on to the bags so the first bag that I do regret buying is actually genuinely going to be this bag I bought this bag when I was deep deep into my my obsession with Chanel this was not a good purchased I do love this bag well maybe not really I do like it I like this bag I never wear this bag though and I genuinely don't think I should have bought this bag I am trying to sell it at this point because I don't wear it it has silver hardware and I do not like silver Hardware I just know that about myself now when I bought this I was pretty new into my luxury journey and this right here was very expensive and I just had got my black Chanel classic flap which was also very expensive so this right here I did not need to buy I bought it because I was like oh my God it's a rare color you can't get this color anymore I was sucked into that whole like fomo that whole thing and I bought this one it's paid off now but I had to like do it in like monthly installments and that was not a good thing to do either I have discovered it about myself that I just do not like silver Hardware there's only one bag that I'm currently looking at that has silver Hardware that I would even ever consider buying every other bag that has silver Hardware I just don't want it I don't know why like I do not know what what my Vendetta is we're against the silver Hardware I just don't want it and I think that's fine I think that you should know what you like and then only buy those things because if you don't and you do what I did then you're going to end up in debt I'm not anymore but like at the time I was in debt I had this bag I'm gonna I tried to use as much as I could but then you know within like the first couple months that I bought it I liked it but then after a while I was just like what am I gonna do with this I mean it's really nice is still in fantastic condition as of right now I would not re-buy obviously I can't rebuy this exact bag but I would not buy a bag anymore that I am not obsessed with like just one million percent obsessed with I've just decided that I'm not going to buy bags that are impulse purchases I'm not going to buy bags that are not something that I've been looking for kind of thing but yeah if you are interested in this bag I do actually have it listed at Purcell on my Poshmark I'll have my Poshmark Linked In the description if you are interested in this handbag it's a fantastic handbag and you're gonna get a free insert with it as well there's nothing wrong with this bag it's just a few things the silver Hardware the fact that I feel bad for buying it because I did not need to buy it when I bought it so I have like buyer's guilt even now and then the last bag I regret it's not really a regret I mean it kind of is but then it kind of isn't because I adore and love this handbag but again I never use it literally ever I use this bag more than this bag and I never use this bag so this bag right here literally sits on my shelf and collects dust like probably 362 days out of the whole year because maybe I'll wear it twice in a year or something but this is my lady Dior the small lady Dior and the color fard slash blush and I got this while I was in Venice Italy in 2021 it was in Venice where I got engaged and I say that I regret buying you but that's not actually true because it's an engagement gift like I didn't actually buy this it was an engagement gift from my mom and a few of her friends that they chipped in together and they got me this bag which was very nice of them but at this point I kind of wish that I would have like saved that money or like told me or like told them to save that money to where I could get something different but at the time I was so obsessed with it at the time I was just enamored and I couldn't stop thinking about it and I did wear this as my wedding bag like I told my mom that I would wear it as my wedding bag and I did actually do that I wore it for my wedding which was very sweet it fulfilled its purpose and I do wear this if I ever go to weddings also in 2021 like October my friends Paul and Mark had a wedding together and I wore this to their wedding so again it's a very nice wedding bag and um I wish that I just wore it more often I I wanna I want to wear it I want to get my money's worth out of this bag this bag is so stunning and beautiful and it's literally in perfect condition because I never touch it um also a little bit scared because when I was in Italy I was wearing this almost every day because of course it's a brand new bag but I did get color transfer on it once on the back with my jeans and then after that I got so scared of wearing it that I'm pretty much just stopped wearing it I would not get another lady Dior I would not repurchase this bag in this color I would like if I could do a trade and if I could give somebody this bag and then them give me back this exact bag in like black or like a true nude like brown like a beige or dark Navy or something then I would one million percent do it and I would wear it all the time but in this color here it's just a little too feminine for me right now it's a little too delicate maybe I'll give it to my daughter if I have a daughter one day or something maybe I'll like pass it down to her that'd be really sweet but yeah that is my last purchase my last luxury purchase that I do regret sadly but yeah guys that's been the video let me know in the comments what you thought of this video let me know if there has been anything that you have purchased yourself a luxury or not that you have regrets about I know that there are some times we just impulse buy things and then we're just like why did I do that but yeah let me know in the comments what you think or just leave me a comment down below telling me anything because I'm nosy and I want to know that but you guys thank you so much for watching this video today I really hope that you did enjoy it if you did then go ahead and click up the like button for me and the Subscribe if you want to and be sure to dig a little bell down there so you're guys I'll see in the next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @glamluxbykeyla [1 likes]: If you want to sell the Burberry shorts let me know lol 🥹💕
  2. @alitaaly1095 [1 likes]: Be and wear who and what you want..YOLO
  3. @lauralangham9657: maybe a seamstress could turn those shorts into a skirt - looks like it would be possible
  4. @k-kat4347: Hi! Let me know if u ever sell the Burberry shorts !!
  5. @petiteluxenoir5741: You can get the arms of the sun glasses tightened so it fits snugly around your ears. The optometrist can do it- I’ve had it done with my sunglasses before.
  6. @laelakarimi: i think the teal chanel flap would match perfectly with those off-white sneakers!
  7. @micaelahumero9036: I have the same YSL sunglasses and have a tiny small face, solved it buying the nose pads and the anti slip silicone on amazon. 
Hope works for you, too, because the glasses are beautiful!
  8. @Buttercookiesssss: I would quickly sell the green flap if I were u.. Its a vintage who knows how many more years it will hold up. And take advantage of the still hyped vintage fever to get rid of it.
  9. @86excellent: What do you think of lady dior in warm taupe shade? I just got it before price increase and cant decide if i should keep it or return it?

- LUXURY FAILS | REGRETS, RETURNS & LESSONS LEARNED: Kind: captions Language: en luxury regrets i think we all have at least one [Music] hey guys it's laura welcome back to my channel if you're new here i do videos on luxury handbags shoes shopping and occasionally travel so if those are topics that interest you please consider subscribing to my channel click the notification button and let's dive right into this video okay so before we get started with this video i just want to preface this by saying that if you have any of the items that i am about to talk about this is no hate on those specific items if you love them great for you they're just things that didn't really work out for me and that happens to all of us something that works out for one person might not work out for the other person and that's okay the first item that i'm going to be talking about is a bag and it's a bag from chanel and it's actually a bag that i really really loved but it just didn't work out for me and it was my gold reissue if you saw my video with my entire chanel handbag collection you might have seen that bag in that video and i think i mentioned in that video that i had not used that bag at all and i had had it for a year and so i saw that as a sign that maybe this bag wasn't for me and just for a little story time on this bag i actually went into chanel looking for a completely different bag i was looking for a classic flap and beige claire and they didn't have it of course i just walked in hoping it would be there and they didn't have one but the essay did show me this gold bag and i thought it was gorgeous i loved the chain i love the aged calfskin i thought it was a really standout bag but i think my first mistake in this bag was number one it wasn't a bag that was ever on my radar or on my wish list and i think for me that was something that i have since learned to try to stick to my wish list if something deviates very much off of my wish list and i had no idea that that bag existed or i you know it just wasn't a want for me i i really have to sit and think about it think if it really works for me my wardrobe my lifestyle and at the end of the day this gold bag just didn't fit the bill i do like gold bags and i would like to add a gold bag in my collection again but i think the main issue here was the size it was a medium classic flap size or i should say reissue and you know it just wasn't a bag that i was taking out and i think that when i do add a gold bag into my collection i would prefer like a mini bag or a clutch because it would be for me a bag that i want to take to events or out to dinner now this next item was a complete impulse purchase it's not something that i would have ever bought otherwise if i wasn't being tempted by an essay but if you'll remember last year fans of chanel number five they had the chanel number five factory collection to celebrate 100 years of chanel number five they released a lot of beauty products and if you'll recall they released a water bottle which people lost their freaking minds over i have never seen people go so crazy over a glass water bottle it retailed for 75 dollars it sold out and i even saw them selling for a thousand dollars in the resale market which was crazy now if you were somebody that gave into the water bottle frenzy please no i'm not hating on you i get it it happens we all fall into frenzies like that it was a cute water bottle but i don't know a thousand dollars was a little too much in my opinion so anyway the impulse purchase i made was this sparkling body gel it smells like chanel number five which isn't really a scent that i usually go for in the past so i i don't know i i feel like i was like a little monkey getting like sucked in by the sparkles because if i open it up and i pour some out there is actual i believe it's 24 karat gold correct me if i'm wrong but i think that's what the essay told me there's 24 karat gold sparkles in the gel and i mean i i feel like if i were to put this on my body to have the gold sparkles everywhere i would just be like cloyingly overwhelmingly smelling like chanel number five it is very very powerful and very nose sensitive i'm gonna go wash my hands after this but this was i i don't know why i bought this it was like pure pure impulse and definitely a regret okay now that i have washed my hands i am going to continue in the same vein of beauty and talk about another i wouldn't say it was an impulse purchase because it's something that i had been thinking of buying for a long time but it's definitely something that was so pretty and that's why i bought it just because it looked pretty but it was not a practical purchase and it was also a purchase that i got influenced by youtube other youtube creators and it is the dior advent calendar now this calendar retailed for something like 500 i believe and if you open it up it is so pretty i honestly think i bought it just for this artwork because it is insanely insanely gorgeous and every year they have the most beautiful artwork in their advent calendars each day is like a little pop open here and you get a different product and it was a fun thing to have definitely but i honestly have not used all of the products i think i rationalized with myself that i would and i would make myself use all of them but here we are six months later and i've only used a couple so i think i would have been better off just buying the full-size products over the advent calendar now if you love advent calendars if you like everything that's in an admin calendar or the majority of what's in an admin calendar then i say you know go for it if you weigh the cost though advent calendars might not always be the best deal but it is something fun to have over the holidays i don't know that i would purchase another one just because of the price tag and the fact that i haven't used so many items so i wouldn't say it's a total regret but it's probably not a repeat now this next item is not necessarily a regret but it's probably um i should have got this in a different color purchase and it is these gorgeous pink shoes from chanel i i don't know during the pandemic i was like in this pink kick i think everybody was like wearing neutrals and things like that and we were all wearing sweats and i after a while just really wanted like something girly and beautiful and i love these shoes i'm not going to sell them i'm not going to give them away or anything like that i'm definitely going to try to wear them more but i think i don't know i think maybe i should have really like reflected on my style and the colors that i tend to gravitate towards wearing because i have only worn these once and i really had to force myself to wear them i had it in my mind that i bought these shoes and i haven't worn them and i really wanted to and so i had to kind of think of an outfit create an outfit around these shoes just so that i could go out and wear them and because of that i don't think that i'm really going to get the cost per wear out of these shoes but you know truth be told i absolutely adore them now they are satin so they are delicate and like i said i wore them once and they already have some scuffs on the side these came in gray burgundy black and i think blue and so sometimes i wonder if i would have been better off getting the black or the gray but i don't know they're so pretty they're unique i think they're they are shoes that i will keep for the long run and hopefully get more use out of in the future but you know that's definitely something that you need to think about when you are buying such expensive items particularly shoes shoes tend to not have the same longevity as bags and so for me i think when it comes to shoes sometimes it does pay off to be a little more practical in your purchases so this next bag is a bag from a brand called mansur gabrielle it's a brand that i was really interested a couple of years ago because they had these gorgeous bucket bags now i do occasionally still see these bucket bags in store and i admire them but i've learned that these are admire from afar kind of bags for me because i don't really like the bucket bag style for me i just don't like having something open at the top especially if i'm wearing it crossbody and i'm just walking around in a city it doesn't really feel secure to me i know some people love bucket bags so believe me when i say this is no hate against bucket bags it's just my personal preference so knowing that i was really into this brand i wanted to try a bag from them and i found this really gorgeous circle bag in this beautiful burgundy color it retailed for around a thousand dollars i believe i don't remember the exact price and i was looking on their website and i actually don't see these on there anymore so i'm wondering if they have since been discontinued but this was a bag that i saw actually chase amy had in blue and i thought it was so cute and so i decided to add it to my collection because one of the department stores was having a sale and i got about 300 off of this bag now something really funny happened when i bought this bag the next day i went to check on the order to see if it had shipped yet or not and it said cancelled which i thought was really weird so i tried to buy it but it was sold out and i called customer service explained that i had ordered the bag and for some reason it now showed as cancelled on their end it said that i had been the one to cancel the order which i hadn't so i don't know what happened there unfortunately though they weren't able to help me as they said the bag was sold out well the next day the sale ended and what do you know the bag was back in stock so i contacted customer service again i was a little upset and i said you know i had ordered this bag blah blah blah the whole spiel and they ended up sending me the bag at the sale price which was great unfortunately when i opened the bag that bag had scratches everywhere if i have a photo i'll throw it up on the screen but it came in horrible condition and it made me a little worried about the bag itself i could have sent in for a replacement but this particular leather was vegetable dyed now i know a lot of leathers are vegetable dyed but with all the scratches and with all the discoloration that i saw in this bag it didn't really make me want to get a replacement because i was worried for the longevity of the bag and i ended up just returning it so that was a fail for me and finally the last bag was also a chanel bag this bag in particular was a bag that my essay at the time reserved for me um she just went ahead and reserved it because she knew that i was looking for a bag in a similar color and one day she called me up and she said hi laura i have a bag that i reserved for you it is the 21a caramel cocoa top handle now i had been admiring like everybody else the caramel color from 21p and i had been looking for it in a mini rectangle size or even a classic flap size and i wasn't really in the market for a coco top handle but i decided to go into the store and see it in person and i did like it 21a brown is different from the 21p brown that one had a more kind of terracotta brown undertone whereas the 21a would be i think best described as like a pumpkin spice now in person the color was gorgeous i could absolutely picture that bag and like a fall photo shoot with like all of the red and orange leaves and like a really cute camel or black coat i think it would look absolutely gorgeous for the fall but i knew when i saw it it was not the bag for me number one it was a different style of bag than what i had originally wanted and number two it was a different shade now if you have the shade of brown which it also came in the classic flap and it was in caviar which was a definite plus because 21p and i think it's now 22s they're both in lambskin so that was a definite pro of 21a but again i really kind of thought about that gold bag and it wasn't what i had originally wanted do i ever want to add a coco top handle i think i do i've seen it in white with gold hardware and i think that's my favorite combination 22p also had this really really gorgeous blue that i absolutely loved but that one i wasn't sure because it was blue it was a color i tend to gravitate towards more neutral bags and so i i was a little bit worried of having a repeat of other bags where i bought a color that i loved but it just didn't really suit my wardrobe or lifestyle and so that is definitely a lesson i took away with me and i think there's times that we should really learn to admire things from afar we can think something is completely gorgeous but if it doesn't work for you it doesn't work for you stick to your wish lists think about your lifestyle and your wardrobe think about how you would wear these items how much you would actually use them if you are not a hundred percent sure in the store see if they can hold the bag for you for a little bit step away maybe go have lunch pop into a few other stores and really think about it if you're still thinking about that bag that maybe that's a sign that you should take it home and if not it's a sign that you should just leave it so guys that's it for this video of my luxury regrets mistakes and lessons learned i hope you enjoyed this video if you do i hope you'll give it a thumbs up and consider subscribing to my channel if you're not already subscribed and i have some exciting content coming later this month so i hope you will stick around and i will see you in the next one bye you

  Top Comments:
  1. @zahrajaffer8925 [4 likes]: I fully agree with the lesson learned of sticking to your wishlist and not impulse buying!
  2. @jananderson8149 [2 likes]: I loved your closing comments!  I’ve fallen for a few impulse buys myself.
  3. @denazatoren1662 [2 likes]: I need a handbag room!
  4. @catalinaposse6700 [1 likes]: Omg yesss
  5. @isaposse2281 [1 likes]: When in the world did you get the pink satin Chanel heels?!?
  6. @raquelsminiluxury: Yes we all make mistakes is just we are human 🥰🥰🥰

- Celebrities Speak On Being Rich But Not Happy: Money Doesn't Bring Happiness | #happiness #happylife: Kind: captions Language: en when people say oh i want to be like you&nbsp; want to be an actor i want to look like you&nbsp;&nbsp; the question i always ask them is why like really&nbsp; why and people and especially america this idea&nbsp;&nbsp; of fame that to be famous means that you're&nbsp; successful that you've you're happy when how i&nbsp;&nbsp; met your mother first went on the air i ran into&nbsp; an actress that i uh knew and she said are you&nbsp;&nbsp; just like so happy all the time and i remember&nbsp; thinking does she really think that when cbs&nbsp;&nbsp; picked up the show it left me with an inability&nbsp; to feel anything other than unbridled joy&nbsp;&nbsp; but the joke was on me because i kind of&nbsp; thought it would why am i unhappy okay okay&nbsp;&nbsp; stephanie gaga hybrid person why are&nbsp; you unhappy i had i was a millionaire&nbsp;&nbsp; i had a beautiful beautiful women in my life i&nbsp; had cars a house an incredible a solid gold career&nbsp;&nbsp; and a future and yet on a daily&nbsp; basis i wanted to commit suicide&nbsp;&nbsp; when those things came that the happiness wasn't&nbsp; there not i realized why that was there was a&nbsp;&nbsp; there was such an attempt to achieve these&nbsp; things and to keep going that you lose sight of&nbsp;&nbsp; the people and the blessings that you have&nbsp; around you and when you have all this stuff&nbsp;&nbsp; it doesn't mean you're happy a lot of people think&nbsp; getting famous will save you that it will grant&nbsp;&nbsp; you the life you feel you're owed and spare you&nbsp; certain indignities i was pretty bummed to realize&nbsp;&nbsp; that rather than lessening or eliminating my&nbsp; insecurities and least attractive qualities it&nbsp;&nbsp; basically poured fertilizer on them has your&nbsp; happiness risen at the same amount as your&nbsp;&nbsp; bank account no that's the thing they don't&nbsp; they don't they don't equate or they're not&nbsp;&nbsp; tied in any way they're not tied to each other&nbsp; i mean it allows you freedom and allows you to&nbsp;&nbsp; go places where you can smile and look at the&nbsp; sunset and things like that that's what you&nbsp;&nbsp; choose to do and you enjoy to do but there are a&nbsp; lot of people with tons of money who are unhappy&nbsp;&nbsp; we are told that if we're beautiful if we're&nbsp; skinny if we're successful famous if we fit in&nbsp;&nbsp; if everyone loves us that we'll be&nbsp; happy but that's not entirely true but the most important journey i think&nbsp; all of us will go through is the journey&nbsp;&nbsp; in ourselves to find our truth to find who we&nbsp; are and what makes us happy so what did i do&nbsp;&nbsp; i started to say no i'm not doing that i don't&nbsp; want to do that i'm not taking that picture i'm&nbsp;&nbsp; not going to that event i'm not standing by that&nbsp; because that's not what i stand for and slowly but&nbsp;&nbsp; surely i remembered who i am and then you go home&nbsp; and you look in the mirror and you're like yes&nbsp;&nbsp; i can go to bed with you every night because&nbsp; that person i know that person that person&nbsp;&nbsp; has balls that person has integrity that&nbsp; person has an opinion why do you want to do&nbsp;&nbsp; anything you do it should not be motivated&nbsp; by something that you think is going to&nbsp;&nbsp; make fulfillment comes from within you by&nbsp; being authentic to yourself not chasing fame life is about balance right you have to have&nbsp; some type of balance you have like time for&nbsp;&nbsp; work and it's time for play and if you don't&nbsp; allow these two things to coexist you have&nbsp;&nbsp; an imbalance uh yeah i think one check&nbsp; one is one million dollar but here&nbsp;&nbsp; no peace that one million dollar will not bring&nbsp; inner peace happiness more frustration this&nbsp;&nbsp; money bring more frustration more suspicion&nbsp; more anxiety or sometimes more jealous then so inner peace is the ultimate source of happiness&nbsp; joyfulness so i think people do not understand&nbsp;&nbsp; that are you a rich man what do you mean rich&nbsp; what you mean you have a lot of possessions&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of money in the bank position make&nbsp; you rich i know i don't have that type&nbsp;&nbsp; of richness my richness is life forever what&nbsp; would you like to do if money were no object&nbsp;&nbsp; what how would you really enjoy spending your&nbsp; life but it's absolutely stupid to spend your&nbsp;&nbsp; time doing things you don't like in order&nbsp; to go on spending things you don't like&nbsp;&nbsp; doing things you don't like and to teach&nbsp; your children to follow in the same track

  Top Comments:
  1. @shawnboahene5231 [7 likes]: Cannot fill the hole that only God can fill with money.
  2. @michael_m38 [2 likes]: oddly comforting to know rich and famous people aren't perfect. I don't want anyone to feel sad but there is a comfort in knowing ANYONE can be sad. I compare myself everyday to people like this thinking im terrible by comparison
  3. @ProjectCreativityGuy96 [1 likes]: “For what does a man profit if He gains the whole world but loses His soul?”

- Mark 8 : 36.
  4. @ProjectCreativityGuy96 [1 likes]: Recently, Mum just received compensation for an accident that happened a few years back, and as soon as My Mum's lawyer phoned, She got an offer of £15,000... I was shocked at first, but then realised the dangers of having such big amount of money, like paranoia and anxiety of betrayal, greed, "who-thinks-of-doing-it-first" or whatever...

There's a saying that goes... Be careful what You wish for, because it might actually just come true...

If You are poor right now, then trust Me, You will be amazed at how Your wishes can potentially come true, and see when they do, remember this comment!

Take note and learn... Having lots of money is not always a good idea, cause it can divide people, make Your heart hardened, greedy, and most of all, soulless, as to why money is called the root of all evil!!! 

This is a valuable lesson You should never ignore!!! 

Demons are definitely real, and You need to stop denying them...

They'll do anything to destroy You and make God not want to look at You on the day We stand before God, for the wicked shall be judged, especially for those who chose to do evil!!!
  5. @Alexander_Mike [1 likes]: Trust the buddha life is suffering
  6. @BeshatuB [1 likes]: "I noticed many famous people sharing that they are not truly happy. The reason is that the heart was made to be filled with Jesus. True joy and satisfaction don’t come from wealth, fame, or achievements — they come from inviting Christ into your heart. Our heart is designed to hold Him, and only in Him can we find lasting peace and happiness."
  7. @BeshatuB [1 likes]: "I noticed many famous people sharing that they are not truly happy. The reason is that the heart was made to be filled with Jesus. True joy and satisfaction don’t come from wealth, fame, or achievements — they come from inviting Christ into your heart. Our heart is designed to hold Him, and only in Him can we find lasting peace and happiness."
  8. @trabantfreak2370 [1 likes]: Only the rich thinks money dosent bring happiness.
  9. @ILoveAmerica1123: Being poor in Dallas is not the same as being poor in Ouray.
  10. @LOFALLAH: Chessthe bag but most importantly chess ALLAH (God) dont chess money and forget the one who gave you ,yes money can give you confortable life but only GOD can give you peace,have money without God is emptiness❤❤
  11. @keithbperrin9633: The last one is for u
  12. @Iammwendy: The key to happiness is death😅
  13. @Benj-p5w: dalai lama has yoda s voice
  14. @BeshatuB: "I noticed many famous people sharing that they are not truly happy. The reason is that the heart was made to be filled with Jesus. True joy and satisfaction don’t come from wealth, fame, or achievements — they come from inviting Christ into your heart. Our heart is designed to hold Him, and only in Him can we find lasting peace and happiness."
  15. @NextLevelWithGazCollins: "Proof that inner peace can’t be bought — it’s built from within. That’s why I started a podcast sharing real stories of growth, pain, and purpose. If you’re struggling with your mindset or direction, check it out — it might shift something for you. And if you want deeper support, I offer 1-on-1 coaching to help you get unstuck and move forward."
  16. @joederocco9321: bob marley comment the best
  17. @הדילר-הטבעי: אין על המנטור שליי , חזק ומדוייק ביותר . הייתי רוצה להיות המנורה שמה לעוד כמה פגישות כאלה
  18. @MarcoSanderCoaching: (y)

- 7 Signs Someone is Secretly Wealthy: Kind: captions Language: es-MX La mayoría de los millonarios y multimillonarios son completamente invisibles. Probablemente estén sentados junto a ti en Starbucks, y ni siquiera sabes que tienen siete, ocho o quizá hasta nueve cifras en el banco. En mi opinión, hay siete señales reveladoras que delatan si alguien es rico en secreto o no, así que si sabes qué buscar, podrás encontrarlos. Sinceramente creo que si logras adoptar algunos de sus hábitos, podría ser la clave para construir una verdadera riqueza por tu cuenta. La primera señal que vamos a ver es que la gente rica evita a toda costa hablar de las tres E. Ahora, estas tres E se refieren a ganar, a lo caro y al exceso. Por la primera E, que es ganar, nunca hablan del dinero que están ganando porque para ellos, si alguien siempre está hablando de dinero y de cuánto gana, demuestra que esa persona todavía está en la etapa de querer probar algo. Los verdaderamente ricos no tienen nada que probar porque en secreto ya saben que tienen el dinero y no hay necesidad de decírselo a nadie. La segunda E: no presumen su última compra cara. Mientras otros publican bolsas de diseñador o relojes de lujo en redes, los ricos en secreto callan sus adquisiciones. Porque si alguien habla constantemente de cuánto costó su carro, de lo caras que fueron sus vacaciones, es una clara señal de que estiraron su presupuesto para poder pagarlo y están tratando de maximizar cada dólar que gastaron obteniendo algo de fama en redes sociales o quizá contándoselo a sus amigos. Y la tercera E es que evitan vivir en exceso, al menos en cuanto a su imagen externa. La gente rica entiende que los verdaderos lujos en la vida son tener opciones, comodidad y libertad, y no tener las cosas más ostentosas. Si alguna vez te encuentras con una persona que habla de cuánto gana, cuál fue la compra más cara que ha hecho recientemente, o simplemente vive en exceso y lo presume, puedes apostar que esa persona probablemente no es rica. ¿Te crees mucho por tu Range Rover? Pues sí. Al menos yo tengo carro. ¿Tú siquiera tienes uno? Quédate aquí. ¿Quién es el plebeyo ahora? ¡¿Quién es el plebeyo ahora?! Eso pensé. Okay. Entonces, eso significa lo contrario. Los que son callados, son ricos en secreto, y creo que si puedes adoptar este tipo de actitud en tu vida, podría ayudarte a generar más riqueza. Porque la energía hipotética que gastarías en las apariencias, o en impresionar a otros, podría redirigirse a construir tu patrimonio neto real. La señal número dos de que alguien es rico en secreto: conduce un auto confiable, de cinco a más de diez años, ya pagado. No manejan autos ostentosos como BMW de alta gama, Porsches, Rolls-Royces o Lamborghinis. Eso es porque los ricos saben lo brutal de la depreciación, así que tirar quinientos a ochocientos dólares al mes en la mensualidad de un carro por algo que pierde valor cada día es un retorno de inversión muy negativo. Y si haces cuentas, podrías invertir de seis mil a nueve mil seiscientos dólares anuales en su lugar, y en diez años con rendimientos compuestos, eso bien podría valer más de cien mil. Además, un auto de cinco a más de diez años ya perdió la mayor parte de su valor por depreciación. Las curvas de depreciación de autos varían, pero se aplanan drásticamente tras cinco años. Esto significa que la mayor parte de la depreciación ya ha ocurrido, por lo que el valor se estabiliza. Si quieres ahorrar dinero en cuanto a carros, creo que tiene mucho sentido comprar un carro usado con unas treinta mil millas o quizá de tres a cinco años de uso. Ese suele ser el punto ideal entre valor y depreciación, pero si solo quieres ser una persona rica que pasa desapercibida, quizá optarías por algo más viejo. Pueden ver en esta gráfica que estos son los modelos de los carros, y el "aquí" que se indica en la gráfica es el punto de inflexión alrededor del año seis o siete, y es cuando la depreciación realmente se desacelera. Los ricos en secreto entienden que un auto es solo transporte. Prefieren ese dinero extra en inversión, evitando pagos de auto y destinándolo a activos que generen riqueza. En otras palabras, prefieren ser ricos que solo parecer ricos y al mismo tiempo deber un montón de dinero por un carro. La señal número tres de que alguien es rico en secreto es que el dinero que sí gastan lo invierten en cosas que la gente normal ni siquiera consideraría. gastan su dinero en cosas poco comunes, por ejemplo, para tener más tiempo, pueden tener un pasatiempo de coleccionables raros, o gastan dinero en pequeños lujos o comodidades de las que no te enterarías a menos que, por alguna razón, pudieras pasar veinticuatro/siete con ellos todos los días. Hablemos primero del tiempo. Una persona rica entiende que el único recurso finito en todo el mundo y en la vida es el tiempo. Por lo tanto, podrían comprar su tiempo de vuelta y están dispuestos a gastar una cantidad desproporcionada de dinero en las cosas que pueden devolverles ese tiempo. En viajes, podrían volar en privado, evitando seguridad, saliendo cuando quieran y saltándose el tedioso abordaje y desembarque. Para la comida, un chef privado les hace las compras y cocina saludable, ahorrándoles incontables horas semanales. Y las tareas del hogar, también las delegan. Para eso, seguro tienen mucha ayuda. Y en todos estos casos de ahorro de tiempo, realmente no tendrías idea de que alguien gasta dinero en estos servicios a menos que pudieras observar a esta persona por un período prolongado. La siguiente categoría de gasto en la que una persona rica podría derrochar, es en pasatiempos poco comunes o caros como coleccionar arte raro, vinos finos, recuerdos deportivos o quizá hasta tarjetas de Pokémon. En lugar de mostrar su riqueza como una persona normal, prefieren hacerlo con una apreciación por el lujo y artículos raros. Poseer algo que cientos de miles ya tienen no es lo suficientemente genial para ellos. Necesitan sentirse únicos; cuanto más raro el artículo, más codiciado. En mi opinión, es naturaleza humana. Cubiertas las necesidades básicas, los ricos ya no compiten con otros. Están tratando de diferenciarse por completo de todos los demás, y una de las formas en que lo hacen es coleccionando bienes raros o quizá comprando su tiempo de vuelta, que es su activo más... eh, valioso. Otra parte de la naturaleza humana es suscribirse a mi boletín gratuito llamado Hump Days. Ahí publicamos noticias de negocios dos veces por semana, los miércoles y domingos. Y si quieres ser rico en secreto algún día y disfrutas los videos de aquí, asegúrate de suscribirte. Es completamente gratis en la descripción de abajo. Perdón, tenía que meter el comercial sutilmente. Bueno, continuemos. La señal número cuatro de que alguien es rico en secreto, es que son conscientes de su imagen. Ya aludí un poco a esto en la primera señal, pero la gente rica entiende que, por lo general, la gente siente envidia de lo que no tiene. Incluso si tu mejor amigo está feliz por ti el noventa y nueve por ciento de las veces que tienes éxito, siempre habrá un pequeño pensamiento en su mente, quizá en el fondo, de "¿Cómo sería si mi vida fuera como la de ellos?" o "¿Por qué no pude ser yo?". Esa es la naturaleza humana. Así que, para no incomodar a nadie, evitan hablar de cualquier cosa que pueda llevar a alguien a entender, por deducción, cuánto dinero podrían tener o cuán exitosos son. Si le preguntas a una persona rica cuál es su patrimonio neto, es probable que diga alguna frase como: "Me ha ido bastante bien", o "Ahí la llevo", o quizá, "Ciertamente no soy la persona más rica que conozco". Nick, no puedes pagarlo. ¿Tu familia es realmente rica? Cómodamente. Eso es exactamente lo que diría una persona súper rica. Y de hecho, esta es una historia real que me pasó. Estaba comiendo con un individuo que vale más de nueve cifras, o sea, al menos cien millones de dólares de patrimonio neto. Y cuando hablaba de sus amigos en la comida, todos multimillonarios, soltó algo en la conversación muy casualmente. Fue algo como: "Soy pobre en comparación con todos mis amigos". Para mí, fue una locura escuchar eso porque me demostró que a medida que subes en la escalera de la riqueza, siempre habrá alguien más rico con quien compararte. Digo, eso es cierto para casi todos en el mundo a menos que seas Elon Musk, claro pero sigue siendo una locura pensar que alguien en el Top 400 de Forbes, por ejemplo, todavía podría compararse con personas que están más arriba en la lista. La comparación está tan arraigada en la naturaleza humana. Estaría dispuesto a apostar que hay al menos una persona en la lista del Top 400 de Forbes que piensa que no es lo suficientemente rica, aunque racionalmente, están perfectamente bien. La gente rica quiere ser cuidadosa con su imagen externa también por razones de seguridad. Si son constantemente ostentosos, o le dicen a la gente cuál es su patrimonio neto, solo están atrayendo atención negativa y resentimiento de otros, lo que podría comprometer su seguridad. La quinta señal de que una persona es rica en secreto es que hace preguntas detalladas sobre compras de menos de cien dólares, pero no pestañea ante gastos grandes y necesarios. Esto es bastante común. Podrías encontrar a una persona rica pasando de veinte a treinta minutos investigando la mejor batería portátil de veinte dólares en Amazon. Leen reseñas, se clavan viendo videos de YouTube, pero de repente, los verás soltar quince mil dólares en un techo nuevo sin pestañear. La diferencia es que la compra de la batería portátil es un gusto, mientras que el techo era una necesidad. Probablemente hay quince opciones diferentes de baterías portátiles que hacen lo mismo, así que la persona rica se toma su tiempo para encontrar el mejor valor por su dinero. El reemplazo del techo de quince mil dólares, por otro lado, es una necesidad, y especialmente si el reemplazo es urgente, simplemente gastarán el dinero para acelerar esa reparación. Personalmente, creo que esto es más un hábito arraigado de alguien que se hizo rico por su propio esfuerzo. Este pequeño hábito de no gastar de más en compras pequeñas a lo largo del año puede sumar un gran ahorro en el transcurso de trescientos sesenta y cinco días. Sin embargo, la gente rica entiende que los grandes gastos necesarios ocurrirán, y cuando esas cosas surgen, tienen que actuar rápida y decisivamente. La señal número seis de que alguien es rico en secreto: ha dominado la espera. Mientras los demás compran cosas al instante, la gente rica investigará una compra por meses, esperará la oferta perfecta o, a veces, decidirá que no necesita ese artículo. También entienden que la mayoría de las ofertas no son reales. Y si esperas lo suficiente, casi todo se pone en liquidación. Si te pones a pensar en lo que es una oferta, es literalmente un descuento inventado basado en un número inventado. ¿Y quién establece ese número? Generalmente es el proveedor o el vendedor de dicho artículo. Una persona rica en secreto podría ser muy frugal y orientada al valor, no le importará esperar, especialmente si eso significa obtener algo que realmente ama, en lugar de algo con lo que solo está conforme. Entonces, una buena lección aquí es que si estás pensando en una compra grande, esperes al menos de siete a treinta días, realmente tienes que hacer una pausa y preguntarte si de verdad seguirás queriendo ese artículo, digamos, dentro de un mes. Y quizá podrías pensar en artículos sustitutos que cumplan el mismo propósito y que no te cuesten un dineral. Esto es solo gratificación postergada, el concepto clave para volverte muy, muy rico más adelante en la vida. A veces, debes renunciar a lo que quieres ahora por una vida financiera más sólida y un mejor futuro. La mayoría no puede postergar la gratificación ni veinticuatro horas, mucho menos cinco o diez años, una disciplina clave para la riqueza. Los ricos en secreto son muy pacientes, esperan no solo ofertas, sino también otras cosas importantes en la vida. La señal número siete: viven en una casa modesta, muy por debajo de su capacidad de pago. Mientras la mayoría se estira con hipotecas apenas pagables, los ricos en secreto hacen lo opuesto. Viven en casas que parecen casi demasiado pequeñas o modestas para alguien con su nivel de ingresos, o simplemente son dueños de su casa y nunca te darían a entender que viven sin hipoteca. Si te compras una casa grande y lujosa que apenas puedes pagar, no solo tendrás más metros cuadrados que decorar, sino que probablemente necesitarás limpiadores, jardineros, y si tienes alberca, un alberquero. Y una vez que tienes una casa grande, no querrás una más pequeña. Tendrás la expectativa de mantener las apariencias para vecinos, amigos y familiares, lo que implica gastar más dinero para mantener tu estilo de vida. Hay muchos niveles de riqueza. Si el objetivo es vivir tu vida más plena, serás más feliz, en mi opinión, si simplemente te mantienes callado. Compartí este tuit en un video anterior, pero creo que resume muy bien los diferentes niveles de riqueza. Brandon Turner (Twitter/X) dice que hay tres niveles de riqueza. Nivel uno: cortas tu césped porque no tienes dinero. Nivel dos: pagas a alguien porque tienes algo de dinero y valoras tu tiempo. Nivel tres: cortas tu césped porque, ya retirado, tienes tanta libertad y tiempo que quieres hacerlo tú mismo, por puro placer. Esto es muy acertado, pues la persona en el nivel tres es probablemente la más rica, disfrutando su vida y cortando su césped por el simple gusto de hacerlo. ¡Gracias por ver el video! Suscríbanse a Hump Days si no lo han hecho. Si les interesa mi próximo video sobre cómo llegar al uno por ciento superior, tengo consejos geniales... ahí. Querrán verlo aquí. Los veo en ese video, o en otro. Gracias por acompañarme. Paz.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jonsoar [1 likes]: Who's the peasant now! lol😂
  2. @cupunchy [1 likes]: that's not true. wealthy people still drive luxury cars. only because they truly enjoy the car and it's only a tiny portion of their wealth so that they don't need to worry about depreciation.
  3. @ExuMarabó-n7v: These last days i was so nervous think about the inflation and crisis, im so glad i managed to find a way to make some profit out of this situation, for public utility, the video that teached me is public and is named “How to Profit in the Financial Crisis by Michael Thompson”  🚀
  4. @WigsNWineLounge: I Think stealth Wealth and Wealth minimum is for a certain personality type. I don’t think all wealthy people don’t show flash. There’s plenty of wealthy people that are rolling in Rolls-Royce and flying around and jets and they are not over extending themselves because they are extremely wealthy. But you do have the speakers who will go stand by it yet and take photos and rent a Rolls-Royce for a wheat or lease it knowing they can’t afford it and then show it on Instagram and YouTube. But the true billionaires I’m pretty sure they got a Rolls-Royce park somewhere.😂😂😂😂 but I do agree that a lot of these regular people the middle class are out buying $50,000 purses that they can’t afford Gucci and Louis Vuitton Chanel and driving home to a cheap apartment or a bad neighborhood and these are the people that get their hair and nails done every weekend and go overboard with everything they do. The wealthy may be wearing $1000 pair of jeans, and a $200 black T-shirt but they look very basic man. Nobody really noticed what they’re wearing is expensive. It’s just that they show CLASS more than those who are trying hard to be rich.
  5. @JonathanGrant5466: As someone with a middle class background who grew up around and currently lives around the wealthy and upper class, I've noticed that many quietly wealthy individuals drive older (10 to 30 year old) top of the range European executive cars like Mercedes-Benz S-Classes and Land Rover Range Rover HSE. They're often in immaculate condition both cosmetically and mechanically, and they're always clean. Such vehicles aren't cheap to keep in that condition at that age.
  6. @bg6217: The 20 minutes spent on a power bank isn’t about value for money, it’s about buying quality as a proxy for time, the one asset that you can never get back. Dealing with the research once is always better than dealing with a product failure, and then doing the research anyway. It seems dumb for a $30 item, but as a philosophy, it’s an invaluable habit!

Everyone should do this, regardless of wealth. For people without any wealth, the philosophy costs a little more up front, but ultimately saves money by not having to buy everything multiple times until you luck out and get quality.
  7. @awakespace11: Oh my god. I am wealthy
  8. @edwardboers1993: if you're like me and you are a professional mechanic, you can buy a 20-year-old car with 200,000 mi and still get 10 years out of it
  9. @King_arthurs_69: as a rich guy, i drive a 07 sonota, use iphone 15, and buy clothes at kohls clearance rack. most of my money is in stocks. i only have like 5k right now in my checking account. rich stay rich by acting poor
  10. @damocles8417: Level 3 is Forrest Gump because he cut that grass for free.
  11. @THEL0NEARRANGER: You nailed it on the end of this Video. I have always cut my own grass and reviewed my finances while doing it. I always told people that ask why don't you hire someone to cut your lawn. I laugh and always ask them, "Why would should I pay someone to cut my lawn and have to pay for a gym membership?" That make no sense to me. At age 29 I paid cash for our first and only home (like Buffett).
  12. @MarkInvestsUSA: Sounds like a fun topic to explore!
  13. @kekefefe8331: No I make my own coffee. Starbucks are waste of money.
  14. @PandaLead3: Old wealth knows to hide what they have. Nobody needs to know that you're rich and your life is much better as an anon.
  15. @lxatoledo: Hilarious.  #5 I put off a helmet goggle purchase for years. (65-100$). This week...Stock hits a # and in 24 hours I spend a few 100k to pay off a property without much drama or research.
  16. @AmaraExplainsMoney: Some people really know how to hide it!
  17. @robmirich3281: A rich guy with a roof replacement costing $15k? That is a deal I want and we are broke.

I would like the numbers this AI guy is talking about.
  18. @Spanky-xu9di: I am worth about 17m, and am comfortable.  Not sure if it’s considered rich or not, as there are thousands of definitions.   I pretty much live a normal life, and at 65, still work a full time job.  I am starting to get sick of it, so may retire soon.  Money has just removed a lot of stress from my life, but really hasn’t changed my standard of living much.   My goal in life was to be happy, not rich.
  19. @Chris-kf3xd: Wealthy for me is not having to think about money all the time. House paid for cars paid for and if we want to travel we go where we want when we want.
  20. @spearfisherman308: The only designer things I buy, I buy them for my hobby not to use every day so my costa sunglasses I use for sight fishing and they are clearer than cheap sunglasses but your average person wanting to appear wealthy will just waste money on them to look cool.

- Money Can’t Buy Happiness | Motivational Story in English | Inspirational Stories | English Story: Kind: captions Language: en In a small and peaceful village lived a young man named Adicha. He was simple, kind, but always believed one thing. If I earn a lot of money, I will be the happiest man alive. Every day Adicha saw rich merchants passing by with golden clothes, shining jewelry, and big horses. He thought, "They have everything. Expensive food, grand houses, beautiful clothes. If I had their wealth, I would never feel sad." So one day, Adita left his little farm and set out on a journey to earn riches. Time passed. Aditia worked day and night in cities, traded goods, and took risks. Slowly his hard work filled his life with gold, silver, and jewels. Soon he became one of the richest men in the land. He built a palace bigger than the village temple, owned hundreds of servants, and had enough wealth to buy anything he wished. But inside his heart still felt empty. One night, Adicha sat alone at a long dining table filled with delicious food. servants stood ready but no one sat beside him. He took a bite inside Aditia thinking sadly I have money I have power but why do I feel so lonely? Why is my laughter empty? Why can't I buy the peace my heart seeks? One day while traveling back to his village, Aditia heard the faint cry of a child. He stopped his carriage and saw a poor boy holding his sick little sister by the roadside. Boy crying, "Please help. My sister needs medicine. I have no money." Without thinking twice, Adita lifted the girl in his arms and rushed to the nearest doctor. He paid for her medicines and stayed by their side for days. Finally, the girl opened her eyes, smiled weakly, and held her brother's hand. The boy hugged Adicha tightly, tears rolling down his cheeks. Boy said gratefully, "Sir, you are like a god for us. You gave us happiness no gold can buy." Adita felt something he had never felt before. His heart was filled with warmth, peace, and pure joy. It was a happiness no palace, no gold and no jewels had ever given him. Adicha returned to his palace that night and looked at his piles of gold. For the first time, he understood. Adicha realizing true happiness does not live in money or riches. Money can buy comfort but not love. It can buy food but not appetite. It can buy medicine but not health. Real happiness lives in kindness, in sharing, in bringing smiles to others lives. From that day, Adicha used his wealth differently. He built schools and villages, gave food to the hungry, and helped the poor. His palace, once silent and empty, now echoed with children's laughter, songs, and love. He had finally found the greatest treasure of all. Not the gold he had collected but the happiness he had created in the hearts of others. Friends, money can buy many things but never true happiness. Real joy is found in love, kindness and the smiles we share. If this story inspire you also you like this story and want more inspiring content. Don't forget to like, share and subscribe to our channel. Your support motivates us to bring more beautiful stories for you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Risexwings [3 likes]: wonderful story😌😌
  2. @GLADOS-e7w [2 likes]: Money CAN buy happiness 😂😂😂😂
  3. @Fact-Of-Purno [1 likes]: Wonderful joke
  4. @curvymodellife [1 likes]: Real happiness leaves in Kindness
  5. @realprep01 [1 likes]: Wonderful 😊
  6. @Fact-Of-Purno: Money can buy all things

- If You Want to be Wealthy & Happy...: Kind: captions Language: en-US if you wanna be wealthy & happy the rest of your life just learn this lesson well.. Learn to work harder on yourself than you do on your job. I have found in my experience that income does not far exceed personal development now sometimes takes a lucky jump but sure enough unless you grow out where it is it'll usually come back where you are life has strange ways.. if somebody hands you a $1,000,000 best you become a millionaire quickly! so you get to keep the money otherwise sure enough it'll disappear.. Somebody once said.. if you took all the money in the world divided it up equally among everybody it would soon all be back in the same pockets.. Success is something you attract, not something you pursue. So instead of going after it, you work on yourself because true happiness is not contained in what you get happiness is contained in what you become Now if you're exited, and you're ready to change let me give you 3 steps to start life change that can change your life your personality your lifestyle everything can change Here's the steps: Number 1 Find out how things work to change your life really you need ideas there isn't anything an idea can't change and Shoaff taught me the MAJOR problem is lack of not a problem. at first I didn't have any money I said to Mr Shoaff: "I don't have any money.." He said: "That's not a problem" Now see up until then I always thought it was.. right? I was confused! "No, no, the problem is lack of an idea on how to create money & wealth. It isn't lack of money, it's lack of ideas! So if you get the ideas see you can change anything! Now to get ideas.. you need a constant study of finding out." If you wish to be successful, study success! to be happy, study happiness! to be wealthy, study wealth! Don't leave it to chance.. Make it a study! Some people just go through the day with their fingers crossed.. See that won't do it. You've got to study the things your economic social spiritual personal life Now Shoaff also said: "When you find out something that works, put the information in your journal. Don't use your head for a filing cabinet. Put it in your journal so that you can do the next best thing: Repetition, repetition repetition. Go over it." And if you repeat it go over it someday some mysterious day the idea takes root starts to grow and shows up in your bank account and your dress and your personality and your lifestyle. Now if you're curious.. 3 ways to find out how to change anything any life direction any dimension here's 3 ways to find out anything: is to read all of the successful people I know and work with around the world they're all good readers. Curiosity drives them to read they gotta know! They just read become self-educated standard education will get you standard results.. and you can check those numbers and see if that's what you want, but if you want to go beyond that.. you now have got to become self-educated. One way to learn is from your own experiences, but another way to learn is from other people's experiences. See 1 book might save you 5 years if you read it Did you know there's books on how to be stronger, more decisive, be a speaker, be a leader, have a better effect on other people, develop your personality, did you know there's books on that? that 100s of have written their stories in books and they wrote down how they did it and people don't read it.. How would you explain that? Now you don't have to read half the night but put this in your notes 30 minutes a day read something positive something challenging something inspirational something instructional at least 30 minutes a day. Become a good reader Now that's my opinion, listen to the other lecturers and listen to me and make up your own mind. Don't be a follower, be a student. Here's the 2nd way how to change your life: and that's to listen. Get around successful people and listen Now you can also learn from unsuccessful people take notes on both negative and positive. what poor people read and don't read it! Right? That's good information! learn from the negative but now you can also learn from the positive get around successful people what they say how they say it. It's important. Now here's some of the best advice I've got for the whole evening.. Poor people ought to take rich people out to dinner and listen.. That's some of the best I got, [laughter] but you're right.. poor people don't usually take The guy said: "He's rich let him buy his own dinner! I'm not coming up with any money!" "You're lucky to get your own supper, let alone running around trying to find a rich man to feed!" And the guy is behind.. If a guy is not doing well one of the first things he ought to do is find a guy that is doing well and offer to buy him his dinner spend 50 spend 60 spend 80 100 dollars go for the full nine course. If you get a successful person to eat and talk for 2 hours they're liable to drop ideas in your lap change your life Multiply your income by 2 by 3 by 5 out to dinner.. Now here's the 3rd way to find out And that's to observe. You can pick up a lot of ideas just by watching.. and watch! Here's why.. success success leaves clues Watch how the man shakes hands, watch how the lady responds people who do well do certain things over and over and over and if you're clever.. you can pick them up! Watch it all! is making $10,000 a month I'd watch how he walks.. Maybe that's it! Copy his funny little walk Somebody says: "Well that's kind of a silly walk" Say, "It's 10,000!" I haven't got the money yet.. but I got the walk! It's bound somewhere.. What I ask you tonight is to be unusual and be a good observer of what's going on. ideas that can starting tomorrow! Just be a more careful observer. Now remember there's 2 ways to see: One is called sight see with your eyes the other one is called insight see with your mind See with your eyes you'll see things, you'll see answers Put your eyes and your mind to work.. and the best advice on developing sight and insight is pay attention don't miss anything Wherever you are.. be there excellent! Now we've lingered a little bit long on number 1 here for personal development. Find out how things work but it's so very important finding out and I've given you now here's the 2nd step to Okay, number 1 was: find out how things work here's number 2: Go to work! If there's one thing to get excited over that's it: Get excited over your ability to make your self do the necessary What could you make yourself do starting tomorrow that would change it all? No telling! that's exciting! On any given day you can massively change the direction of your life. the key to discipline start with the little disciplines get excited over the little disciplines and get right on those because those will lead to the big ones.. You can't handle the big challenges in life unless you take on the little ones. Make a list of all the things you can do, get right on those, discipline yourself for those, both for the results and for the muscle and for the practice so that when life hands you some big challenges you'll be ready you'll have the muscle. But see if you don't handle the small ones.. you can't take care of the big ones. Here's what else it takes for life change: self-motivation key phrase I don't know why we call it 'self-motivation' it's really the only kind there is.. you got to motivate yourself! And you don't want to give self-motivation away to somebody else and make it somebody else motivating you.. The guy says: "Boy, if somebody just come by and turn me on." What if they don't show up? See you got to have a better plan for your life. You must now take action on what you found out. Don't let your learning lead to knowledge you'll become a fool, let your learning lead to action you can become wealthy. And there's many kinds of wealth I understand that not just money, money is one of the least of all values. I know some people with a lot of money are very poor.. Now here's the 3rd step to personal development, and we'll wrap up personal development. Step number 3.. it's just a little caution and all through life we need little cautions. This one simply says: Don't try to beat the system. Find out how it works Work it But don't try to beat it.. Some people learn just enough to start slicing it shading it thinning it cutting corners and looking for cheap answers.. See don't fall for that.. you'll wind up with a cheap life! Find out how it works best and do it that way. Even though it seems to take a little longer do it right, don't compromise with right.. So if I had a word with you tonight one on one just you and me.. I think my personal advice to you would be.. This year reach down inside of you! And come up with some more of those remarkable human gifts. They're there! Waiting to be utilized! And then change anything for you you want to change. And I challenge you to do that you can change! See you don't ever have to be the same again after tonight only by choice. Starting tomorrow what are you going to do, that will make a change in your life's direction? Good question! What are you going to do that will make a difference? if you don't do something a differenc guess what... it's gonna be the same. And see that way you can guess what the next are gonna be like.. look at the last Cause the next 5 are gonna be like the last 5 unless you MAJOR key tomorrow change it all! Or change a little or change something or don't change it's choice time! You can do whatever you want! But it's nice to know any day you wish you can change your whole life.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SarahWilson-i4l [42 likes]: Mindset is often the unseen obstacle. Many are trained to prioritize security over freedom, choosing steady paychecks instead of building something of their own. But true wealth comes from ownership, courage, and vision. Those who succeed create their own path more people just need to tap into that mindset.
  2. @AbubakariGafaru-g7o [1 likes]: Please like this comment to remind me,😇😇😇
  3. @Express2BU [1 likes]: 7:25 exciting to change the direction of my life and become more disciplined with the things I can do with the little I got thanks 🙏🏾 personal development is a piece of work 😅self motivated ❤ take action let your learning lead to action be a student at heart life is beautiful and ideas make it all worthwhile. Not looking for cheap answers I already have a cheap life 😂😂😂
  4. @AngelJohn-b1w3j [1 likes]: 27 may 2026🎉
  5. @stevekuresa5139: "MAKE THE CHANGE TODAY" Put this sign on your refrigerator.
  6. @rabeeaali-b: ❤❤❤❤
  7. @benzsu: I’ve always tell people this and you don’t know how many times ive  been shit on!!! Five years ago I started day trading and my life has changed so much.  I retired from UPS a year ago and with my trading I’ve created sovereign wealth.   Barely passed high school my grades was so bad I was kicked out of college.  Two things I’ve always did since I was a kid.   if you wanna be great  at something follow someone who’s great at things you wanna do.  If you want to win don’t repeat how someone lost.
  8. @JosephKako: Who is this? His videos somehow always makes to my algorithm 🤔
  9. @NxtAds: Hey guys I’m creating a Community for founders and business owners residing in different countries 
And have goals and ideas to discuss and grow their networking if anyone is ready to join they can comment on this I will share the link 📩📈🚀(grow with everyone)
  10. @NissiAurther: What is the man's name
  11. @ashokraj5341: its may 29 2026 14:48 here in india .i got something usefull and motivated me.i damn sure i will become what i want to be
  12. @gonna_scope_this: Luis Tice made that quote
  13. @Feverishchic: ❤ That’s amazing lesson!
  14. @EnyiFelix-k3y: Whos here May 2026
  15. @monettedc592: I can listen to him all day!
  16. @VimalaNahal-p9v6m: May 2026
  17. @FireGAMING-fs1nm: Am not changing am evolving
  18. @msbrown2327: Anyone here in May 2026
  19. @ChemiNowa: He is brilliant
  20. @Express2BU: 😂😅😂😅 I do this often and it actually works 👁️ Make it a Study economic spiritual life put it in your journal 😅 personal development 😉

- I Regret Buying These… | Best & Worst Luxury Purchases of 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys, welcome back. Welcome if you are new. Welcome back if you're not. My name is Cece and welcome. This is my first sitdown video of the new year. My first official sitdown of 2026 and I am so excited. Let me catch you guys up on a quick life update. Let you know where we're at before we get into today's video, which is going to be the best and worst purchases of 2025. I am long overdue. I know every other YouTuber in the game already posted their video in 2025, but we are just running behind schedule and that's okay. We'll get to it. We're going to share everything that is best and worst purchases of 2025. You know, I keep it real with you guys. I'm going to keep it honest, but I wanted to catch you guys up on a quick life update. If you've been following my videos, you know that I had a health scare or a health issue the end of November and December. Unfortunately, now the hubby is experiencing health issues. He's had a 15-day long migraine, which has been just insane. We've seen two neurologists, an interventional pain management specialist, and this afternoon, he's seeing another new physician who specializes in traumatic brain injury, muscularkeeletal disorders, all the things. It's been a whirlwind. So, the fact that I am able to sit down and carve out time and space to film today's video means so much. It just shows how much you guys mean to me, how much I really, really love doing this. This is like my passion. I am going to continue pumping out two videos a week. No matter what, no matter what stops me, we'll get there. But if I'm a little bit slower than usual or my editing isn't as on point, just bear with me. That's the reason why I'm trying to be there for hubby, bringing him to his doctor's appointments, making sure he has pain relief. It's a lot on the wife and mother of the household. When you're dealing with a sick husband, the meals fall on you, the pickup and drop off falls on you, the laundry falls on you, the house cleaning, taking care of the children, everything falls on you. So, it's just been insane the past 3 weeks. 2 weeks. 2 weeks. Going on 3 weeks. He was off over the Christmas break. While we did get to do some of the things that we really wanted to do, unfortunately, we didn't get to really fully enjoy. So, I didn't get the time that I wanted and was looking forward to to reset and rest and all those things. And that's okay. That's what marriage is, right? That's the point of marriage in sickness and in health. But it has taken such a toll. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be going to a wellness infrared sauna spa with one of my girlfriends this weekend and I'm so looking forward to it. I just need time to just reset. I think I'm also going to get my nails done. My nails are looking very, very long, which I'm loving. I'm in my long nail girl energy era. I just kind of want to get them redone, but I want to keep the length. I might schedule something for the end of this week. We'll see. That's it for my life update. I've also been posting a ton more like aspirational videos and setting boundaries and just how we're glowing up together in 2026. And I want to continue to bring that energy over here into my YouTube channel. So, comment down below if you guys are liking that. I also recently filmed a video on how we're glowing up together in 2026. If you enjoy that type of content and you want to see more of that, let me know in the comment section cuz otherwise I don't know. I need the feedback. Someone commented on my Instagram today and asked, "Where's the fashion content? That's why I follow you." The fashion content is still there. We're still talking handbags and all that, but I figured I would bring in more of a wider audience into the mix, right? Talk a little bit more about boundaries and positive energy and speaking positive affirmations out into the world, manifestations. I want to do more vlogs. I really enjoy vlogging. And I think the last vlog was reciprocated from my audience. You guys seem to really like that last vlog. So, I want to continue to bring more of that energy. But I need to hear your feedback. I need you guys to tell me. So, please, please, please comment down below what you guys want to see more of. You guys got to tell me. I want to give the people what they want. So, let me know down below. Without further ado, let's go ahead and get into today's video, which is the best and worst purchases of 2025. I've got my notes here, so if you see me looking down or referring down, it's because I'm looking at my notes. We're going to start with the best purchases of 2025 and then we're going to move into the worst purchases. So, the best purchases has to be obviously I have to start with one of my Christmas gifts, which was my Jodie bag, Ba Vanetta Jodie in Cypress. I don't know what I love more. I don't know if I love the bag itself more or the fact that I got the perfect color. In my opinion, I got it in the cypress color, which is like a nice olive green, which I just adore that color. It's different. It's unique. You don't see it around very often. It's just such a beautiful colorway, and I'm really looking forward to styling this bag, not only in the winter months, which I've been wearing non-stop. In fact, it's the bag I'm wearing today. I know in one of my recent videos, I challenged you to all switch up your bags every day for the month of January till we get through our entire bag collection. So, I'm wearing my Jodie today. I'm going to switch out of my Jodie for tomorrow and switch into a different bag. But, I may actually switch midday. Actually, I might switch before the end of today and switch into a smaller bag that's matches my outfit today better before we go to that last doctor's appointment. So, I might do that. But the Jodie bag is such a good one. It's comfortable. It's practical. It's durable. It's part of BKA Vanetta's lifetime warranty. So, if there's any damage to the bag, you can bring it in. They'll repair it free of charge. I love that. I just love a good quality brand that stands behind its products. And I feel like we're seeing less and less of that with quality being compromised with certain brands and skimping and a lot of QA issues being noted. So, I am very, very happy to invest in Bayga Vanetta knowing that I'm going to get my quality and they stand behind their brand. So, that is just a wonderful bag. Let me know if you guys want a full review. I do have the small hat bag as well, but in my opinion, I think the Jodie is so much better. It's more comfortable. It's easier to get in and out of the bag. It's a wider opening. You can literally just open up the bag and see everything inside. But if you guys want a full detailed review, comment down below. The next one is going to be, which I'm wearing, my Van Clee and Arpel Guoscha necklace. And I do have on my list, the matching bracelet. I got this for Christmas last year, and it's just one of my favorite favorite pieces. I just love this necklace so so much. I love everything about it. I love its durability. I wear this to go cycling. I wear it to shower. And it's very durable. I have to say cleaning it is a little bit of a pain because things do get stuck inside the grooves. But I found with just a little gentle soap and warm water. Give it a gentle scrub with my hands. I do it every night in the shower. The drop length on the chain itself is a little short. I have heard that you can go to Van Clee and adjust it when you first get it and they will make it longer, but I think you have to go within a certain time frame at the very very beginning. I haven't done that. I've only brought it into Van Clee once to have it professionally cleaned and have a small knot removed, which I couldn't get myself. Otherwise, it's a great necklace. I've had no issues with it. I am looking forward to including the bracelet when I hit a certain milestone. I'm putting it on my wish list for 2026. We'll see if I get there. I do have a couple things on my wish list for 2026. So that's another video I might do. If you guys are interested, let me know. But the Van Clee necklace, the guoscha is great. It's durable unlike the other pieces that have mother of pearl or another delicate stone. I like this because you don't have to worry about water damage or anything like that. If you are thinking about becoming a creator or you simply just want to document your life, you have trips you go on, family you want to capture memories with and make memories with, I highly, highly recommend this product and it is definitely on my 2025 list of best purchases. It is none other than my DJI Osmo Pocket 3 camera. I love this camera. Now, I currently film on my Sony A7 43. I always forget. I'll link it down below for you guys if anyone's interested. And I do have a link to all my recommended equipment if anyone's interested. So, if there's anything else you need linked, just let me know. I will hook you up. But, I alternate between my Sony A7, which I'm using right now, which is what I use for my sitdown videos, and then I use my DJI Osmo when I am filming vlogs. So, I will literally record everything inside and outside. So, I'm not alternating between two cameras. It's what works for me. I need things to be simple, easy, and efficient. And I love it because I can bring it with me everywhere. It's small. It's compact. You can remove different stands and add different stands to it. There's different lenses you can add to it as well. Although, I can't find the two lenses that I had for it. Don't know where they are. There's a wide angle lens, and then there's another lens I purchased on Amazon, which helps with like color, but I can't find either one. So, there's that. But the DJI is fantastic. We've brought it with us to Paris, Nice, Aruba, when we've gone away to the shore, when we've done our beach trips, when we've done weekend getaways, car rides. We bring that camera with us everywhere. And it is just such an easy, great camera to use. I have found some fantastic accessories to go along with it that I will include down below if anyone is interested. But it's really just such a great equipment to film and catch footage. The next one is going to be of course my MacBook Pro. Now when I first started editing initially, initially initially I was editing on my iPad and I started using iMovie and it it's just what worked for me. When I branched out and started using Final Cut Pro, I invested in a desktop a desktop Mac. I didn't get enough hard drive space. It didn't have enough memory. And unfortunately, a lot of my videos would crash out. Final Cut wouldn't cooperate. I couldn't export. It was just a pain. and I had to delete everything right after I was done editing and using the footage just to make up for space. So, I finally decided to invest in a MacBook Pro, a professional-grade MacBook Pro with plenty of memory and RAM and dis space and all the things, hard drive, blah blah blah. It has been the best thing ever. I use that for editing for the most part. I do like the convenience of sitting down at my desk and having the large monitor of my desktop. So, from time to time, if it's a pretty straightforward video that doesn't have a ton of B-roll or a ton of other footage and images that I need to add, it's not a complex video, it's a straightforward like 20 minute sit down. I might do that on the desktop, but I love the ability of being able to edit from anywhere in my household. I can edit from the couch in the living room, I can spend time with my family while I'm editing. I can sit down at the kitchen table. I can also edit from my bedroom if I want, from bed. So, I love the ability to do that with my MacBook. I also love that now when we're going away on trips, I won't fall behind on editing and releasing my content because I'll be bringing it with me and editing on the go, which is fantastic. So, if you're out and about, you're filming, you're vlogging, you're travel, you can pop your SD card right into the MacBook, you can see what your footage is looking like and you can start to piece together your vlog on the go, which is fantastic. So, really, really love it. The only downside is it took a really long time to get it. I think part of it had to do with the new tariffs and things being imported from other countries. There was a delay when that first happened. So, it took at least I want to say 6 weeks to get it. Because you're getting a MacBook with a high amount of hard drive space and memory. They build it for you. So, when you order it, it's made to order. They build it upon the order being satisfied or the order being put in and placed. They don't just have them laying around ready to buy in store. It has to be ordered online and then you can either pick it up, which is what I did, pick it up in store or they can have it delivered to you. So, that is just something to note. If you are looking for a professional-grade MacBook, make sure you are allowing sufficient time to make sure that it's ordered to your liking and that you're giving yourself time to wait for it to actually arrive and come in. But otherwise, I love it. The other thing I really love that I don't have here is the mouse that I use for editing. So, not a lot of people talk about the mouse that they use for editing. Now, I have the onset of carpal tunnel. I've used my mouse for work cuz I've done desk work and office work my entire life. So, my right hand definitely suffers. So, I purchased a professional-grade editing mouse. I actually did research on which is the best mouse for editing. So, I'll link it for you guys down below and I'll include it. I'll flash it up on the screen. It is the best thing ever. The way it has your hand positioned on the mouse helps alleviate any tension, pressure, any discomfort on the wrist. It's fantastic. I've noticed the amount of pain I had on my wrist has significantly decreased since I started using that mouse for editing. So, I highly highly recommend you can order it on Amazon. I think I got it for about a hundred bucks, but it's well worth the investment. You will thank me later, especially if you get wrist pain and you're using a mouse a lot. You can also use this mouse for just your everyday work. So, if you have carpal tunnel, definitely invest in like a little mouse pad to keep your wrist raised. I do have that as well, but this mouse has helped tremendously. It's like an ergonomic mouse. The next thing is going to be my shoulder Birkin. Of course, I talk about this bag all the time. This was probably it's like neck and neck with my BGA Vanetta, believe it or not. I love my BGA Jodie that much. The shoulder Birkin is just fantastic. Like, where do I start? I love that it's unique. It's rare. Not everybody has one. It's a variation of Jean Paul Gartier's original shoulder Birkin. It's petite. It's giving me the vibe and feel of a Birkin 25, but it's a little bit more elongated. It's a 29 in width compared to a 25 in in the Birkin 25. And I love that. And I love that it's short so I don't have things just getting lost at the bottom of the bag. It is just such an amazing bag. Definitely still have a Birkin 25 on my wish list, but the shoulder Birkin is just fabulous. I just I can't say enough good things. If you don't already have one on your wish list, highly highly recommend it. It's just such a great bag. And then of course, last but not least, although I will say I haven't been using it recently just because with everything going on, I kind of forgotten which is bad. I feel like when things get busy in my life, the first thing that suffers is my self-care and me investing time and taking care of myself, which is not a good thing. But my Huga red light therapy machine, which my friend Jill recommended, and I got it, and I was using it consistently, and I noticed it really helped with lifting up my mood, helping with recovery, helping with collagen production, hair growth, all the things. And I just stopped using it. Part of the reason is because it's big, it's bulky, it's hard to find a good place to situate it where I can sit directly in front of it because I have the desktop version where you can just put it on your desk. And I know my girlfriend Jill has shared how she has hers set up so she puts it on her desk at work. Like she works from home, but she put it on her desk at home and then she'll just sit in front of it and use it while she's drinking her morning coffee and listening to a podcast, which sounds amazing. Unfortunately, I have like morning school drop off things going on. So, I don't always have that time, but I do need to figure out a way of getting it on my desk so I can start to use it more. I do. I want to start using it more. So, that's going to be like my next focus. Now, we're going to jump into the worst purchases of 2025. And you know that I like to be very very honest with you guys about this stuff because there's no worse feeling than investing in something big or small, expensive or not, and then finding out it's a complete waste or you regret it or it's just not as beneficial and helpful as you thought it would be. My pink Chanel ballerinas. I love the way that they look. I think they are so fun. I will never get rid of them. I will still try to wear them, but they are so uncomfortable. They are my most uncomfortable pair of Chanel ballerinas. Maybe I need to stretch them out. Maybe they'll be different once I put a little more wear and tear into them, but they just don't have as much stretch and give as my leather Chanel ballerinas. I just find them so uncomfortable. I think I probably should have also gone up half a size, but that's where we're at. Tweed Chanel Ballerinas are just not comfortable, and I just love them. They have a little bit of sequence on them. They're just so pretty, so delicate. So, I can wear them, but I only wear them for short occasions where I'm not going to be on my feet a whole lot, where I'm not going to be walking a whole lot because they are just that uncomfortable. I've thought about bringing them to a cobbler and seeing if they can professionally stretch them for me, but TBD, I haven't gone that route yet. The next is going to be the road phone case. I loved the road cell phone case, but if you're someone like me who upgrades their phone often, whether it's every year or every couple years, it's just a dumb investment. It's stupid because it doesn't cross over. Now, I do like what Haley Bieber did recently where she created a MagSafe iPhone case. That's a cute idea because you can just snap it on and off the back of your phone. I still haven't decided to invest in it. I think I'm still getting over the fact that I've already bought two that I can no longer use because I've upgraded my phones since then and then they just kind of collect dust and sit there. So, I've been thinking about giving one to one of my girlfriends. When Apple upgraded their phones, I wish they didn't change the design and the size every single time because it doesn't cross over. Like if you had the 16 Pro Max, it doesn't necessarily cross over to the 17 Pro Max. I could be wrong about that. The next is going to be the road spray. I love the barrier butter and I've talked about this in other videos. The products, the road products that I am a fan of. Barrier butter is a yes, definitely going to be restocking that. I also love the pocket blush and I love their lip stuff. The lip peptide, the lip liner is very cool, very cute, but the spray is kind of like I don't really need it. If you have the Charlotte Tilbury setting spray that makes your skin all dewy and beautiful, you really don't need any other spray. The road spray is just a waste of money. So, just me personally, I wouldn't buy it. I don't think you need it. Right now, I just use it if I need extra hydration and extra moisture. If my skin's feeling really dry before I go to bed, I'll do my nightly skincare routine, my moisturizer, and then I'll just go in with the spray on top of it. But, I really don't need it. It's not a necessary purchase. You can live without it. The next, believe it or not, is going to be the Louis Vuitton Nano Speedy. The Murakami Nano Speedy. I have a lovehate relationship with that bag. I love it. I think I hate it because I don't reach for it as often as I should and it was an expensive purchase. I think it will always be special to me and I don't know that I'll ever let go of it because I got it for myself for my 42nd birthday and that means a lot. But it's just I don't know, maybe I'm not styling it right. I'm not wearing it. I'm just not reaching for it. It doesn't pair right with my outfits. The other bags I have tend to pair better. I love the small nano bag, but unfortunately because I'm vlogging more now, I need space to bring my cameras with me. So, these nano bags, these small bags don't always fit that bill. I would love to make it more of like an evening bag because it's perfect in size, but it doesn't have the evening wear look. So, that's kind of where I'm at. It's more of a daytime bag. It's a fun casual daytime bag. I do think it's very much spring and summer. I don't know. know that's just my thought. Let me know if you guys disagree. I have been thinking similar in size. I would love a little evening kind of top handle. I do have a mini Kelly on my list, but I would also love maybe a Dior DJ. So, I've been thinking about that as well. So, that's a maybe. We'll see. The next one's going to be, believe it or not, the Cartiier Love Wedding Band. For me, I think because I wear either my regular wedding band, my eternity band, which I have on now, or my engagement ring. In some cases, I'll wear my Hermes chain ring, the double stack. I just don't reach for the love band as much. Sometimes I wear it on this finger, but it's kind of flimsy to me. I got the wedding band version, not the thicker love ring, which I probably should have gotten. That was the one I originally wanted. But I opted for the wedding band because I felt it was more sentimental and it was thinner. It was more delicate. It was more my style. I just don't know that it's something I would invest in again if I had to do it all over again. That's just me. It feels light. It feels flimsy. It scratches super easily. I do have the Justin and Clo ring, which I do love. And I think this one is a much better investment. This does get stuck in my knits and my sleeves. If I'm putting a sweater on or something, it will get stuck, which is a little annoying. This morning, I was dropping off my son and I went to hug him and it got stuck on his jacket and it kind of pulled and I was a little worried that it got bent, but thankfully it didn't. The wedding band, I don't know. I would opt for the love bracelet over that one. I would opt for the Justin Clo bracelet or ring. Of course, there is another Cartiier ring that I had on my wish list when I talked about my jewelry wish list video. The Cartiier, I forget the name of the ring is on my wish list. I'll flash it up on the screen. Yeah, the love ring. I don't know. I don't know. It's just for me, it's not worth it. And then last but not least, I would say one of my worst purchases, although again a lovehate relationship because I'm still learning how to use it, is Final Cut Pro. Final Cut Pro has really challenged me to up my game when it comes to editing. There's so many things you can do in Final Cut Pro. So many things that I still don't know how to do that I'll probably never learn because the list of options are endless. But teaching myself Final Cut Pro, I'm very proud of being able to accomplish that. People don't realize like how difficult the editing portion of videography and YouTube is, but if you're able to master editing in Final Cut Pro, like I salute you. There's people out there that are color grading like professional level. They do like real cinema type of work and it just looks amazing. Jui Lou's videos just look amazing. It's just mind-blowing to me how beautiful her videos and editing is. It's just on another level and I don't know if I'll ever get there, but I aspire to it. It's definitely a really nice motivation and she inspires me. There's all this color grading stuff you have to learn and there's different options of color grading and people color grade based on individual clips. It's just so timeconuming and like I can't wrap my head around it. But that's the lovehate of Final Cut Pro. So those are my best and worst purchases of 2025. I really didn't have a ton that I regret. I'm going to be continuing to be really really mindful of my purchases throughout 2026. In fact, I haven't made any luxury purchases and I don't plan on at least for the month of January, I'm going to be doing a noby January. So I challenge you to join the no-by January with me. List down below. Comment if you're planning on joining me on this no by January, but I think I need to purge and just take a break from all things luxury for a little bit. For Christmas, I got myself more than expected. I ended up getting my jumping boot, which probably should have made the 2025 best purchases list because it is definitely one of my favorite purchases. I also really love the floral tights that I got. I got the Caledonia floral lace tights and they're so fun. I recently purchased them in like a burgundy red as well and I'll be styling them with my boots. cannot wait. Other than that, I haven't really been purchasing a ton of things that I regret, which is a good thing. And I'm going to continue to be mindful about my purchases throughout 2026. We are not splurging on nonsense, and we are being way more cautious and thoughtful about the items that we are investing in and what purchases we are making in 2026. We are purging the things that no longer serve us spiritually, materialistically, in every way possible. So, I hope that this inspires you to join me on this 2026 journey. We're also going to be glowing up together. So, if you want to see more glow up tips and tricks and videos, let me know. Thank you guys so so so so much for watching. If you are new here, I would really really appreciate if you'd consider hitting that like and subscribe button down below. It means the world to me. Every subscription counts and I love building this community. I want to continue to build this community up. So, thank you guys so so much for watching. Really appreciate every single one of you. Wishing you lots of joy, love, and happiness throughout the day, throughout the year. And I look forward to sharing more with you. you and I can't wait to see you in my next video. Thank you guys so much for watching. Bye guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @y.preyer [5 likes]: The topic begins from 4:51.
  2. @stunningbeaute1037 [5 likes]: Wait wait…did she say 42nd birthday ????
Like she is 42? 
Girl, forget the bags, what’s your secrets????
  3. @BajanBougie [4 likes]: Can't believe you're in your forties I thought you were in your late 20s early 30s at the most! What's your secret?
  4. @Pinkismytherapy [1 likes]: Sending you hugs and love to you and family❤❤ hope hubby figure out what’s wrong with the migraine and get well soon. Take care dear
  5. @Willa466 [1 likes]: Sending you and your family big hugs❤❤feel better soon. We love ur videos
  6. @ainalim60 [1 likes]: I don't really see anyone put the shoulder birkin on their shoulder.   Is it a tight fit or prefer just hand carry or elbow carry?
  7. @GirlGoneLux: Hi loves! I received a few questions about my skincare regimen. I filmed it for you in today’s vlog, which you can find here ❤ enjoy! Xx

https://youtu.be/Q4scLFLdw5g?si=MV4QTdPXO4jVI-F0
  8. @intothedermis: New here! I swap out my bags most days too. It's fun! Sometimes a challenge as there are always the favourite bags of the moment that you want to use all the time. I've started doing it with my makeup too. Got a little container of the essentials that I use all week or fortnight then swap out for other makeup. Usually contains foundation, bronzer, powder, blush, eye-liner, lippy, eyeshadow, concealer, mascara and highlighter. Obviously if I had an event I'd use other makeup, but for day to day it has meant I've used makeup I wouldn't have used otherwise. Rediscovering some old faves! Holding myself accountable for my spending habits and using all my shi* 😅
  9. @Champagneandprotein: Sending love xoxo 
Love you and any content you put out! Fashion, food, health, life, positivity
  10. @reachm9606: You have up to 1 year to adjust the link of your VCA purchases for free. You may be still within that time frame
  11. @JamericanPride1: Jersey in the house....originally from Westfield, now Hilton Head Island SC
  12. @lindanguyen4340: I just got the same Van Cleef Guilloche Vintage Alhambra necklace but in white gold. I have sent it into Van Cleef to have the necklace extended 2 inches. They offer this service free of charge within 12 months of purchase. I don't have a Van Cleef near me, so I had to mail mine in. If you've had yours less than 12 months they will still extend it for free :)

- Why So Many People Regret Their Expensive Purchases in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Before I got this car, I thought I was upgrading my life, but and don't get me wrong, like it's a beautiful car. Nobody really talks about what comes with it though. The way people treat you changes and it's not always in a good way. Some people start acting weird, almost like they feel intimidated by you or something. Like on top of that, you can't even move the same anymore. Like with my Honda, I could park anywhere and not think about it twice, but with this Benz, oh, I got to think about where I park, if it's gated, like if somebody's watching my car or that. I'm not just leaving my car anywhere like that I can't see. It's like, yeah, you upgrade, but you got to move different. >> Yo, so I regret buying these $1,700 LV shoes. Bro, don't get me wrong, like these shoes are hella clean. These shoes are like really clean, but it's the fact that it's like, bro, $1,700? Like even with that price, I could have bought like three PS5s. I just don't think it's worth it. I bought these like three months ago. I don't know what I was thinking. I literally just bought it to prove to myself that like I could buy LV shoes. I don't really like love them or anything. Like I literally wore them only one time. And bro, on top of that, I literally wore them like one time, which was literally in Miami. Other than that, I do not wear these at all. Bro, if I'm going out, I'll just throw on a pair of Crocs or like white Air Force Ones. Like I do not wear these at all. To be honest, I actually have no idea what to actually do with these. If you guys want to know more about what I do, just click that follow button. In this video, we're showcasing how people are regretting their expensive purchases that they've made recently or in 2026, but a lot of people are regretting it this year, especially because inflation is bad. The cost of living is just ridiculous and people have been getting minuscule raises, which has not matched the rate of inflation. So, people's purchasing power has dropped significantly and people just are struggling to pay the bills. They're living paycheck to paycheck and some of the new purchases that people are regretting is any luxury items, maybe some jewelry, maybe a new car. These are all things that are expensive and people are realizing they should have saved that cash as an emergency fund because you never know when you're going to have an emergency. You might have to go to the emergency room, which is going to be a few thousand dollars. Your car might break down and car parts are very expensive. There's a lot of things that could go wrong and we all need to be prepared by having an emergency fund and try to make that emergency fund as big as you can and put it in a high yield savings account, such as Capital One. We're going to be earning 3% interest on that cash, so it's just not sitting there doing nothing. You're going to be getting some interest on that versus a traditional bank account, which only gives you 0.01%, which is pretty much pennies or nothing. Let me know in the comments down below what you think and take a look at the rest of these clips. You know, you don't get to complain about the house if you bought it. Like you bought it, you should like it. Well, you couldn't be more wrong. We bought it, so we absolutely have the right to complain about it. We pay the money for it. You're not paying my mortgage. I'm not on here asking anybody for money to help me get out of debt. No. I'm saying we bought a house that we don't like anymore and we're going to put time, money, and effort into it to get it to where we want it to go. If you don't want to watch, don't. That's okay. That's all right. But to tell me that I don't have the right to complain about it, I absolutely have the right to complain about it. I bought it. I pay for it. We pay for it. So, I don't want to hear that. And you know, if there's a person or two on here that's in the same boat as us, come along. Let's see what we both do. How do you fixing it? I want to know. It's a good time. I could be sitting here miserable as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and pissed off mood all the time. Yeah, I could be, but no, I'm here. I'm having fun. I'm making fun of myself because I bought a $500,000 house that kind of sucks. That's all right. My problem, not yours. Don't worry about it. You want to watch and have fun and make fun of me, too? That's great. That's what I'm doing here. We're having fun, bud. No problem. You know, a lot of people talk about the smartest financial decision they've ever made. This is the stupidest financial decision that I've ever made. You see these Moon Boots? So many people told me not to buy them and they were correct. Don't get me wrong, I love these things. I love these things to death, but I got them the end of February for my birthday and you see that's when the sun decided to come out to Utah. I only got to wear them once before it became too hot. They are cute. I just do not think that they are worth $300. Seriously, one of the stupidest decisions I've ever made and I just feel like I have to keep them now because I don't think anyone else is going to be so stupid to buy these Moon Boots from me. I love them. I love them, but the dumbest purchase I've ever made. So, last year I did a no buy year and really feel like this first six months of the year and I paid off a ton of my credit card debt and like really got us in a way better financial situation. And this year, I bought a new car and I've kind of gotten some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for getting a new car because it's more expensive. And let me let me preface this by it's not a 2026, it's a used car, but it is absolutely more expensive than the car that I used to have. But my philosophy with money has now changed because of the no buy year that I did last year. I used to look at things like how can I save the most money? How can I be as cheap as possible? And that was ultimately costing me more money in the long run because I was having to replace things and things weren't quality because I was skimping out on the cost. Where now, especially with my new car, I am paying for quality and for something that's going to last me a lot longer and I am completely okay with that. I've just rewired where my money goes and I'm not spending on the dumb stuff anymore, but I'm also okay with spending on things that are quality. Can we talk about when you make a luxury purchase and you walk out of the store miserable? Two examples. So, got my ears pierced yesterday. Um, I have three piercings and got my baby's ears pierced. Walked out paying $400 for 14 karat gold. Like this is fake gold, dude. It's not even freaking real. To us out of like we our thing is 24 karat gold. 14 karat gold is worth nothing. So, anyways, I left the store in Had Cab because I'm like, I paid $400. I could have gotten the Had Cab. Yeah, like in today's world, the Had Cab is so expensive. Probably could have literally gotten nothing, but the point is I hate spending so much money and leaving the store being miserable. But I keep looking at my piercings and I'm like, oh my god, I love them. They're actually really nice. They're super pretty. And I was thinking about when I go to the Mahal Dahab and I buy like a ring or a bracelet and I I spend probably over $500. Um, in today's world, you can't buy anything with $500, right? So, and I will literally leave like in Had Cab because I feel like they got me. They got me again. Like they took me. Like the ring when you go to sell it, it's really worth what? $800, but I paid $1,500. So, I'm sorry. You should make a little bit of money, but not no $600, $700 profit. Like that's crazy. And then they stand there and they tell you like, oh, gold is expensive. No, it's not that expensive. But I will say, going back to the piercing, I wake up and I'm just like, man, I love it so much. So, that's why it's worth it. It's like, I know I don't feel bad about it now. Like looking back because I'm enjoying the product. Luxury items that I 100% regret buying, rapid fire edition. These are all luxury items that I purchased and now I just completely regret buying them. Up first is this Saint Laurent lunch box. When I saw this, I had to have it. I loved the color. I loved the shape of it, but it's so not practical. I have not used this once. I love having it in my closet and I keep telling myself I am going to use it, but I have never taken it down from the closet. Number two is this furry Bottega bag. I'm not really sure what I was thinking about this one. I loved the color. I loved that it was so different and again, I had to have it. I've maybe used it twice. I still think it's really cute, but I do regret buying it. I wish I just would have got something classic. Next are these thigh high Stuart Weitzman boots that I purchased and I thought I would get so much use out of them, but they're so high. I think I've worn them maybe two times and I just don't think thigh high boots are really in style. Even if they're not in style, they're not really my style. I wish I would have just got something a little more simple, like an ankle boot or even a knee high boot. Last on the list is this hot pink Gucci bag and I thought I would use this more. I really wanted a bag with color cuz I'm always buying neutrals and I maybe used it a total of two times. It's still in really good condition and I do think it's cute, but I so regret buying it. I just don't love the shape anymore. I don't think it's a great everyday bag and it's just not me. Let me know if you think I should actually keep any of these and if you have a luxury purchase that you've actually made that you regret buying, let me know. Bye, ladies. that I made the mistake of getting is um, brand name like workout clothes. Like you don't need Lululemon and you don't need Aritzia or um, Alo. Just get a cute matching set from TJ Maxx or Marshalls. Second, sunglasses. My when I first like had a little bit of money, um, I bought myself a $300 pair of Versace sunglasses. Like Third is expensive makeup. Honestly, your skin is going to project what you eat and your workout and how much water you drink. At the end of the day, you could get your makeup at like Target or the drugstore. For clothes, I feel like you could get away a lot with like H&M. You don't have to really go to like like get um, brand names like tops. H&M has like really nice things. Zara used to be really good, but I feel like now their prices went up a lot, but H&M has always been that girl for me. When it comes to cosmetic stuff, I would just save if you want to do like surgery, I would just save up for the surgery. Like I spent um, in filler, I did filler twice in in nose filler twice in New York City. First one, 1,200. The second one, okay. I went to a doctor in the upper east side and over the phone they gave me a price. When I went there they tripled that price and then I was like, "Excuse me, like when I called um your assistant, thank goodness I asked for her name and I wrote down her name and I wrote down her number." And I was like, "She told me that it starts at blank." And they're like, "Okay, let me go back and speak to the office manager or whatever." And they came back and they shaved a thousand dollars off in the midst of three minutes or less. And I was just like, "What the heck?" So, yeah, if you want to do the nose job, don't get the filler, just save up for the nose job and get a good doctor. If you're going to spend so much money on a push-up bra and like you know you want bigger boobs, I would just save up for a good qualified boob boob doctor, surgeon, whatever. That's just my opinion. So, going on the vein of pieces that I really recommend, here's the complete opposite. Here are a few pieces of fine jewelry that I have that I'm really not recommending. I've got four pieces in total and three of them are Cartier. I have this Trinity cord bracelet. I know a lot of people say, "Oh, it's just it's great. You can change out the cord anytime and it's like a totally new bracelet." Yeah, I guess, but it's still at the end a cord that you paid over a thousand dollars for and this these rings are so tiny. I don't reach for it. I don't think it elevates your outfit or look. That's my personal opinion, you do you. Also, this love wedding band in the small size. It just gets lost on everything and you can't see the love motif, which is the whole essence of the ring, I would think. And finally, the last piece from Cartier is the D'amour line. Can't see anything, it gets lost on all your things. I just find that it gets overwhelmed by other pieces in your stack. The last piece that I have that I don't really recommend is this Hermes bracelet. I find that it's not really that special and it really needs a second piece to elevate the look. What are your regret pieces? What do you think? We're seeing this trend of people who have bought luxury items, luxury cars, they're regretting it right now just because they need that cash now to withstand any emergencies, to pay off bills because a lot of people are being pushed into poverty with how high cost of living has gotten. It's gotten out of control. It's making of the middle class pretty much non-existent and has pushed the middle class down into the lower class lifestyles. And people who were living paycheck to paycheck prior are now pushed into poverty and they're struggling. They don't have enough income to pay off all the bills, which bills they don't stop, they always come every single month and they're always rising and increasing every single year. It's absolutely crazy in my opinion. My biggest financial regret that I've ever had in life was purchasing a home back in 2021 for these three reasons. Number one, I had to put a 30% down payment on my home. Uh my down payment was roughly around $330,000. I bought my two bedroom, three bath townhome for $910,000. And the reason why we had to put so much down at the time was just because of my income. I was only making around, I think, a hundred to a hundred ten thousand dollars. That was the only way we could get the math work. Now, my monthly mortgage payment, if you factor in uh interest, taxes, uh HOA, etc., it's roughly around $4200. If I was renting right now, I could probably rent a really nice two bedroom condo or apartment for $3500. So, that would save me $700 a month. However, had I just not bought a home, I could have taken that $300 and, you know, $10,000, $20,000 that I used as a down payment and just invested in the stock market. We all know the stock market bottomed in 2022 and, you know, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man, you see where it is today, right? I could easily have an extra, at the very minimum, a couple hundred thousand dollars in my stock portfolio. Number two, in the market that I live in, renting is actually cheaper than buying a home. Again, as I previously stated, I probably am paying an extra, I don't know, $700 to $1000 more per month by owning a home rather than renting one. And then number three, owning a home is just really, really overrated. There's maintenance um that you have to worry about. I've already had to replace an AC and my home is like three to four years old, so it's it's actually really, really new. I'm sure at some point I'm going to have to replace a dishwasher, a washer and dryer. Owning a home is not cheap. There are a lot of expenses that come with maintaining a home and you have to do it yourself. If I lived in an apartment complex, I could call the landlord and then they would send somebody to help me fix the problem. Honestly, if I could do it again, I would just rent a nicer apartment or a condo, whatever, in a nicer community and then just invest in my money instead in the stock market. But again, everybody's different. Um you know, everybody has different ways to invest and build wealth. Um real estate is not one avenue of building wealth that I really like. All right, guys. Hope you guys like this video. Make sure you guys follow and like for more. Just instant regret. Immediately. So, I recently made a large purchase that I really wish I wouldn't have and I wish that I would have waited the 24 to 48 hours, which is what I try to say and what I try to do before I purchased it, but I didn't. I didn't do it and it's not a purchase that I could just return and get the money back, so I was about it and I just have to take that as a loss. And that is really unfortunate because it was not um insignificant amount of you have to learn your lessons and even though I'm on this budget journey and I have been um since April, I still make mistakes and I'm going to. And anybody else who's out there who's doing this and is following, I really appreciate you and I want you to know that everybody makes mistakes, even the largest financial gurus, they make mistakes. So, just keep on trying and keep on going and it'll be it'll be okay, it'll work out. I very much subscribe to the concept of buy it nice or buy it twice. Today's a little different. Here are all the things I did have to buy twice. You can consider this my learn from my mistakes list. Starting strong with number one, the giant knife block. This thing looks impressive, it's a great thing to put on your wedding registry, but I guarantee you you're going to use three knives out of this. This is just countertop decor that you don't need. Look at how much space this takes up. Another thing, over time putting your knives inside of this thing, it's going to dull your blade. So, I say absolutely not. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here. Next up, and this one is very personal for me, single-use appliances. I'm talking a pancake spatula, a milk frother, popsicle molds. I regret every single one of these purchases. This broke. I can only use this to foam milk. That's it. I guarantee you there's not a full set of six popsicles in here and I guarantee you also I've only used this once. Now, this is in the same category as something like a garlic press, an avocado slicer, cake pop makers, quesadilla presses, pizza pizzazz. I can go on and on. And these all sound fun until they take up half your cabinet space and you end up using it maybe twice a year. You didn't know that I don't use this anymore. There's a caterpillar in here. Now, this one. You might be wondering you don't even have anything on your cutting board. That's because I don't have them anymore. They're broken, there was a technical issue, I sent it back, it's in the landfill, whatever. Smart kitchen tech. I'm talking things like touchscreen pressure cookers or slow cookers, Wi-Fi enabled air fryers, Bluetooth meat thermometers. No, because listen, a software update should not be required to run your dinner. You guys saw in part one that I have a coffee machine that I absolutely love. I had to get that because I'm a victim of one, two. This is actually the third model that I've gotten of this kind. This is the second model that I've gotten of this kind. When I was in my coffee pod era, I was deeply in my coffee pod era. Now, did I love them when I had them? Yes. Do they have a shelf life over a year? Also, yes. And finally, here's another set that I don't have to show anymore, but it's any pan set that claims to be dishwasher safe. If it claims to be dishwasher safe, don't buy it. Like literally and figuratively, don't use your money on it and don't believe what they're saying. If it's nonstick, colorful, or has a gold handle, don't put it in the dishwasher. You're hand washing it, whether the box says so or I don't think are worth your money. Buy it nice or buy it twice. Or just wait for me to test it first. See you tomorrow. Purchases I regret as somebody with $39,000 in debt. Number >> [crying] >> these plates from Amazon. Came with matching cups. I don't remember how much how much this cost me. I'll look it up and I'll I'll put it here, but these plates are terrible. They're plastic or whatever, wheat straw. They're wheat They're not plastic, they're wheat straw. They're awful. Yes, you can microwave them, but if you put food on them that's too hot, it burns the plate. I don't know if you can see that. Where is the correct lighting? You see that little dot? How do I show you this, friends? I don't know if I can show you this, but there's little burn marks on these plates. Show you the best one. Water was too hot while washing. These are terrible. I was trying to find something that was good for kids because kids drop things a lot, you know, as they do. Also, oil anything oily, good luck. Good luck getting it off. Anything with like a fat content, so like a roast, if you put roast on them or like tenderloin or anything like that that has like fat juices. It's a terrible word, hate that word. You have to scrub it like four times to get it off of it. Zero out of ten would recommend. These are terrible. Don't buy them. So. Thanks for watching. Love you. Bye. Here is everything that I regret spending my hard-earned money on in 2025, and that's not happening again in this 2026. So, here is a list of everything that I regret spending money on. The first thing is CapCut subscription. Guys, as a content creator, I felt the need to be on CapCut and use CapCut to edit my videos. CapCut is amazing, don't get me wrong, but sometime in October, I started to review my expenses and I realized that I spent £22 every month on subscription. Then I started to take it out like, "You know what? I'm just going to edit my videos without CapCut." And let's see what that looks like, without the pro feature of CapCut, I mean. So, I was paying for the CapCut Pro. So, I started editing my videos with CapCut, just the regular CapCut, only for me to realize that I wasn't actually using any of the pro features. I didn't even know this till like I think 2 months in. I'm like, "You know what? I haven't even felt the difference in my former CapCut and CapCut that I use currently." So, in case you're like me and you're paying for CapCut subscription, go and look at it. Are you really using the pro features? If you're not, then take it out. Cuz why are we dashing CapCut £22 every month? For what? Right now, I'm making this video directly on TikTok and I'm going to post it directly to TikTok. Why am I spending my money on CapCut subscription? I just think it's a complete waste of money. So, that was something that I was spending money on. And guys, let me calculate that. That's about £22 * 9. This is why it's so good for you to do a review of what you're spending your money on. Guys, App Store is actually the problem. Cuz I remember when I went to my App Store, I also realized that I was paying for Charades. app, right? Guys, you guys know this game Charades where you put it on your head and people are guessing what like trying to describe what they can see. I don't know if you guys know the game. Anyway, it's called Charades, right? Guys, I was paying £6.99 every week. Every week for Charades. I'd gone for a party sometime in June and I'd double done the double tap and use my Apple subscription to get on the app and I forgot to take out that payment. And I did not even realize that I'd been paying £6.99 every week for Charades. That was something that was completely a waste of money and that's not happening to me in 2026. Another thing that I spent money on in 2025 that is actually shocking to me was Experian. Guys, you know this app that you used to check your credit score. I'd gone to check my credit score. And guys, I paid for the pro version and I forgot to remove it and I kept paying for the pro version. Like, make it make sense. I'm going to put what some of the screenshots on the video so you guys can see literally the money leaving my account and me not knowing. Another thing that was a complete waste of money in 2025 for me was the gym. Yes, guys, in 2025 in January, I got excited about getting on the gym and I went to the gym and got a subscription and I got a contract for 1 year. Guys, I've been paying about 32 or 34 pounds every month for the gym for the past 365 days. And guys, I haven't gone to the gym for a year, maybe 40 days. I just don't think it's a good use of my money. 40 days in 365 days is not even at par. To me, it's a waste of money. And when I finally lost weight later in the year, I lost weight by walking. Guys, doing 10k steps a day helped me to lose weight way more than I ever lost at the gym. My gym is actually really good cuz they have like a jacuzzi, spa and all that good stuff, a swimming pool. But I just don't think it's a good use of my money. So, in 2026, I'm no longer paying for the gym. But I still have this subscription till March 2026. So, I'm still stuck I'm still stuck on this till March. But you know what? A win is a win. I'll take it. But by March, I'm no longer paying for the gym. I'm a walking girl. I'm going to buy myself walking shoes that I wear forever and I'm going to be walking. Another thing that I regret spending money on in 2025 was books, guys. There was a time in my life that I was romanticizing going into bookstores and buying books. I especially regret buying this particular book cuz this this book cost me about I think £20. £20. And guys, I did not read this book. I started it but it was just too boring for me. I'm not a book reviewer or anything. So, I'm not going to talk much about this book. I've read some really good books. But this one, I think from now on, I'm going to be buying maybe thrifted books or books in charity store and things like that. I'm not buying new books again. It's a waste for me. But one thing I will be doing that I will still keep doing is probably buying self-help books. But guys, I bought myself this book, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And I also bought the Atomic Habits. I haven't read them from cover to cover, but I will say those books are good purchases because I can always go back to them and pick them up. I think this year I'll buy myself The Psychology of Money. Or if you have The Psychology of Money and you want to swap it for this one, that would be good. Let's do a swap. Or you know what? If you want this book, let me know in the comment section. Guys, that's another thing that I'm not spending money on in this 2020 um 6. One thing that I'm also looking at doing in 2026 is instead of books cuz there are sometimes that I don't want to be on my phone. I don't want to create. I also want to be in a zen mode. I told my husband to buy me coloring books for Christmas, which he did. So guys, I'm in my coloring era. So, when I want to relax and all of that, I'll be coloring. Let me show you guys some of the colorings that I've done. I did this one. It's so cute. And I did this one on this coloring book. I bought some more coloring books as well. Guys, I hope I don't end up in 2026 saying, "Guys, I ended up buying too many coloring books and now I don't want to buy coloring books anymore." Well, you know what? It's not expensive. It's like £2, £5. So, that's fine. And I really, really do enjoy coloring. So, books are something that are out for me this year and coloring books are in. Actually, I have enough coloring books. Let me color all of this. Then when I'm done with it, I'll buy some more. Then guys, the last thing that I regret spending money on in 2025 is my what? My DJI Osmo. Okay, you know what? I'm not going to use the word regret. I would say for 2025, it wasn't a good financial decision for that year. But because it's something that I still have with me, something that is still working perfectly, I would say let's look and see what happens in 2026 with this DJI Osmo, right? Let's see if I actually create content with DJI, right? So, I'm thinking that guys, when it comes to TikTok, I think it's just better for you to just pick up your phone and record on your phone and create and post it. I would say this is probably good for people that do like pro edits and all of that or people that are on YouTube. So, I I I made some vlogs for YouTube on Christmas Day and some days leading to Christmas. So, I'll be posting those vlogs if I post them. And if you see me actively on YouTube in 2026, then it's not going to be a waste of money for 2026. Does that make sense, right? So guys, those are all the things that I really, really, really, really regret spending my money on in 2025. I'm going to be doing a video on the things that I spent money on that I absolutely loved in 2025 and I'm going to do my goals for 2026 as well. I'm going to be sharing that with you guys. If you love this type of videos, guys, please do well to follow and like. And guys, by the way, I made this video before. I recorded it from beginning to end, but the footage was just a bit messed up. So, I had to do it all over again. I hope you guys have enjoyed watching this video and I'll see you guys in my next video. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cody-f4m3f [3 likes]: I go to rich areas and go to goodwill.  I get really nice name brand clothes for pennies on the dollar..They paid $150 dollars for a dress I bought for 9$. I bought most my furniture on Facebook marketplace. A table someone spend 1k on I got for 100$.
  2. @a.j.7264 [2 likes]: I like this vid. Thanks Life Priced. I bought a road bike 20 yrs ago and I regret it to this day. It cost me 2 grand. I already had a three hundred dollar bike that still makes me happy to this day! VMC
  3. @PetMama1313: Must be nice to be able to afford buying a house though. Yes, you can regret picking a house you later decide you don't like. But you're still in a more privaleged position to buy a house. I'd love to just be ABLE to buy a house, at this point, so long as it has three-four bedrooms and two or three bathrooms, I'd be happy with it even if it wasn't a "dream" home. It'd still be an upgrade from what we have. Two bedrom, with one bathroom and four people... isn't easy.
  4. @certifiedsteppers234: Spending money you don’t really have will make you delirious 🤣🥹🫤🫠
  5. @Yirragee: My ray bay metas. Never used them and meta quest 3 used 4 times 😂 Also a laptop lolz they're too pretty 😅

- The Luxury Jewelry MISTAKES I REGRET MOST !: Kind: captions Language: en Honestly, I have spent a ridiculous amount on luxury jewelry over the years. Hey guys, welcome back. So yes, you probably noticing a new setup behind me. Yes, I am in my new closet, but that is for another video. The reason why I wanted to change things up a little bit is because today I'm going to be talking about my jewelry. Plus, I have my jewelry stored in the drawers in front of me. So, honestly, I have spent a ridiculous So, for those of you that are new to my channel, hi, I'm Mel. I have been buying and collecting luxury bags, jewelry, accessories for over 20 years, and I definitely have made my fair share of mistakes. And I think this is going to be a really interesting video because some of the mistakes I made might not always be the obvious ones because it's not always about, "Oh, this was a terrible piece." or "I hate this purchase." But I think for me it was more like how I was building my collection. So, today I'm going to be talking through the luxury jewelry mistakes I regret the most. But I'll also be sharing a couple of things I think I got right as well because this video is not saying that everything was wrong. It's more about what I've learned after so many years of collecting. So, I hope you find this video interesting. Grab a cuppa and let's get right into it. Mistake number one, buying way too much high-end costume jewelry. Now, this may be an obvious one, but I really went overboard, guys. I have mentioned this before in my videos, and I remember buying my first pair of Chanel earrings probably almost 20 years ago. And you know, this could be controversial because you're probably asking, "No, but you do own costume jewelry from high-end designers." Yes, I do. I do still wear my Chanel costume jewelry. I do still wear my Dior or other brands that I have. But, my mistake was I just went overboard. Let me just kind of show you, and I've got my tray here. Okay, guys. Look at this. This, I would say, is 90% Chanel. I do own some of the other brands, like I mentioned, like Dior. I own a couple of LV, Hermes, and I still enjoy them. And I totally get why it is so popular. Because when you first start buying luxury, buying these costume jewelry pieces are relatively cheaper. You know, they give you the look. They give you the branding. They are so pretty. They can do definitely bolder designs in costume jewelry. But, the big thing is they cost so much. It's normally like brass that's just been plated in a thin layer of gold. A lot of people are actually allergic to costume jewelry because it's not, you know, sterling silver or solid gold or white gold, and so forth. But, you know what? Over time, as Chanel prices have gone up and up and up, we've all been complaining about that, their costume jewelry has gone up and up and up. And I was just thinking to myself, I can't believe I've spent thousands upon thousands of dollars on costume jewelry. You know how I showed you one tray? That's not all. Look at this one. That is another tray of just all Chanel costume jewelry. From colored enamel, colored stones to gold, not real gold or silver, lots of pearls, cuz you guys know I love pearls, but these are not real pearls. These are just glass pearls, guys. Two fake diamond tees, yeah, I am guilty as charged. And naturally, as the prices went up, I started to ask myself, like, hang on a second. I'm spending thousands and it's not even real gold or silver. I really could have put that money towards fine jewelry, which will last long-term. So, then you have noticed the last few years I have definitely cut back on my costume jewelry and I have not bought it in ages. Except, I have to say, I probably have bought Hermes because Hermes is my favorite brand. But, Chanel, no, not for years now. But, I look at my collection now and it's even though it's so pretty, they're not the easiest to maintain. Especially with Chanel, I've had pearls fall out. The repairs, they still charge you. Um because it's not real gold or even sterling silver, they tarnish. Anyways, they're not the easiest to maintain because you can't shower with them. You've got to be a bit more careful and so forth. So, it might sound like, oh gosh, I'm bagging costume jewelry. I'm not. What I'm saying is, for me personally, you can just see from what I've shown you earlier, I just bought way too much. So, I'm not saying don't buy costume jewelry because I honestly think costume jewelry has its place and there are some gorgeous Chanel costume jewelry pieces that, you know, when they are parading down the runways in their shows, they look so good and impactful. Like, for example, I think these are my most expensive ones I bought. I mean, how stunning is that? That is going to be really hard to achieve in a fine jewelry piece. So, I get it. I think, you know, you should still, for the pieces you love, still buy some of the costume jewelry. And it's not even just Chanel. Like, I also like Dior costume jewelry, and I know they're really popular as well. So, please don't get me wrong. I'm just saying don't invest too much money in it. So, if I was rebuilding my collection today, I would still buy costume jewelry, but I just wouldn't buy so much of it. I definitely would be more selective because I would ask myself, "Am I really buying it because it adds something to my jewelry collection, or am I buying it because it's got a big CC logo or a big Dior logo on there?" And if I'm being honest, when I reflect back at some of those Chanel costume jewelry purchases, a lot of them have an obvious CC branding. And when I think about the jewelry pieces I wear the most now, some of it it's not that loud. You might not be able to tell it's a designer piece. Some of it, of course, you can. So, guys, learn from my mistake. You don't need this many costume jewelry pieces. Buy some of the statement pieces, and that's enough. So, mistake number two for me was not prioritizing versatility earlier. I think I used to buy jewelry quite individually. Like, I'm a bit of a matchy-matchy person, so I definitely had to buy a pair of earrings, or I had to buy that pretty ring cuz it went with my look, or a certain statement necklace, for example. And then before I knew it, my jewelry collection just grew and grew, and not necessarily in quality. And I think one thing that has changed throughout the years is I feel like I'm naturally more drawn to pieces that I can style up in different ways. And like, for example, you know, I love pearls. So, I find myself I'm gravitating towards, you know, the pearl earrings that may be asymmetrical, or the pearl necklace um that may be a two-in-one. You know, even when I am creating my own collection, I always think of versatility. Like I always said to you, Mel loves a two-in-one. And earlier on, I wasn't like that. One thing that I have been considering is the Van Cleef & Arpels flippable Alahambra ring because you can wear it two ways. You get two different looks. So, yeah, I like pieces that, you know, you can just dress up or down or there's just different ways you can wear them. But, I have been talking about exploring more jewelry brands. For example, with Chaumet, I kind of regret No, I don't regret it, but I I one Chaumet piece which I absolutely love, but I tried the Bee My Love collection back then. I was really attracted to it, and I think if I had bought it, I would have got more wear out of those rings than the ring I bought. So, I definitely want to revisit that because that Bee My Love uh collection, especially for the rings, you can stack them, and you can wear them different ways. Like one side could be plain, the other side could be diamonds. So, I like that. And so, it's good to see that luxury houses are sort of understanding that because I think people want a bit more versatility, especially if you're paying so much for luxury pieces, right? So, for me, if there are two pieces that I'm deciding between, I find myself definitely gravitating towards the piece where you could possibly style more ways than the single piece that you could only wear as is. And so, that's why I'm so excited to let you know I deal have brought out their sold-out limited collection. You guys know I've worked with I deal for years now, and when it was released, I even missed out because they came, they were gone. Everyone's been asking for them back, including me. Thank you, I deal, for listening, and it is their Poemes collection. And I love I deal. Their whole concept is just so smart because it's all about building a collection, and their earrings and necklaces and rings you can just wear in multiple ways. So, me, right? So, let me tell you about this Hoops collection because you are going to love it. So, basically, it is like their other system where before, you know, you start off with a stud and then you can just buy different add-ons and change up your look. So, now it's the same thing, but now it is with hoops. And they are just stunning. So, you can either pick a diamond hoop or a solid 14-karat gold hoop and it comes in yellow gold, white gold, rose gold. So, I picked a mixture. So, let me just show you this one. That is the yellow gold diamond hoop. And then they've got all these different add-ons. So, this one here is gorgeous. Let me show you. It is called Philo. So, it's got two pear-shaped diamonds. And then basically, all you do is just loop it through and voila. So, this one, since it's a bit more of a statement piece, I am going to wear it on my left ear cuz I've only got one piercing. And it is just gorgeous. So, you just click it. How pretty is that? Look at that sparkle. Oh my goodness. Love love love it. Okay, let me show you what's on my right ear. Uh this one I do have three piercings. So, this is much more fun because I can play around with proportions. So, on my first piercing, I chose the diamond hoop and this is the Echo add-on. I just like that it's got a bit more movement. Then on my second piercing, I picked Cloud because, you know, I love ovals and I love that this oval is actually not vertical, but it is horizontal. And I actually chose the solid gold hoop just to break it up a little bit. And then, on my third piercing, I chose a white gold diamond hoop because another thing, I love mixing metals. Now, before I had to be matchy-matchy. If my handbag was in yellow gold, I had to have everything else matching yellow gold. But now, I love mixing metals. So, that is a white gold diamond hoop, and this is called petal. And I think that just softens the whole look up. And then, I like that sort of cascading effect. And it doesn't look too much. I absolutely adore how that looks. And that is exactly what I mean by versatility. Like, you can just buy one. Like, I only chose one of each, and this is different shape as well, but it's still so cohesive. You can match different lengths, you can match different metal works. So, my taste, as I said throughout the years, it's changed. And you It's reflected in even my wedding band stack because this is a mix of white gold and yellow gold as well. I think when you mix metals, it actually makes your jewelry feel a little bit more personal and individual. And there's just so much variety to whether you like pear, emerald, oval, marquise. They've got all different add-ons. So, for example, I've just switched it up. If I wanted a more dramatic look, see how I've paired Filo and then Echo and then I've just done the diamond hoop. So, this is an all, you know, all gold stack, and that looks stunning as well. Gone are the days where you have to buy a pair of matching earrings. Now, you can start up with a base, whether it's a stud or hoop, and then just build your collection, and you actually get so much more looks out of it. And I just love that they're so particular, and the attention to detail in their craftsmanship is just second to none. You guys know that last year I was the only creator that they invited to their atelier. So, I first hand saw up close how painstakingly long it took to set each diamond, how they select their diamonds. They're lab-grown diamonds, but they are the highest quality in terms of color, clarity, and visiting their atelier and just seeing everything in real life. I think you guys saw this, too. You just have a greater appreciation because you just know how much work goes into each piece. So, this collection, I don't know when they're bringing it back cuz the last time they brought it back was months ago. So, I'm so glad I got them because it is a great time to pick up pieces like this Poèmes collection, or even if you've been eyeing some of the other pieces, because to celebrate May, to celebrate mothers, not even just mothers, to celebrate yourself. For the next week or so, they have 20% off sitewide, which is their biggest sale of the year. Make sure you click my link below to get 20% off because some of these pieces, I don't know when they'll come back. So, yes, that's another big lesson I've learned. I'm no longer asking, "Do I just like this piece?" I'm like, "How versatile is it going to be?" And I think once you start thinking like that, you naturally start buying a little bit more intentionally. All right, so before we go into mistake number three, I do want to talk a little bit about anchor pieces. If you are starting your luxury jewelry collection, um what I define as an anchor piece is like a piece that you reach for without thinking. Um a piece that just goes with everything. A piece that just say you lost, you would go out and repurchase tomorrow. And that for me, my anchor piece is my bracelet stack. For you, it might be something different. It might be a necklace stack, for example, or ring stack. So, this is my bracelet stack, and I don't ever take this off. And so, this is my my first sort of anchor piece was my Cartier Love bracelet in four diamonds in yellow gold. And this has been great up to recently. If you haven't seen that video, I'll link it above. But, yeah, basically it fell off. It shouldn't, but I did get so many years out of wear of this. I recently put it back on. I've been checking it a lot, but it is a piece that people love this and often buy it as their anchor piece. And then they keep buying it as their anchor piece, and that's why you see some people have just a stack of love bracelets all up their arm. But, why I think I got this anchor piece right is that I built around this, and this is my Van Cleef & Arpels Perlée clover bracelet in the thicker size, and this was so expensive, guys, but I don't regret it one bit. I think by buying this it honestly made me love Van Cleef even more. And honestly, because I don't take this off, I wear this every day, cost per wear, it's actually my best jewelry investment. And then my last anchor piece is my most special, which is my mother-in-law's diamond sort of channel set bracelet, which just adds a personal touch. And I'm always looking to build on my stack, but I've been much more particular about it because I just want to make sure that I love it and it's a piece that I am going to wear every day. So, I've been saying for the last couple of years I've been considering the Bulgari Serpenti, maybe something from Messika. I'm not sure, but I'm taking my time because an anchor piece is for me something I won't take off, and probably will be something with diamonds, so it will be very expensive. So, uh anchor pieces, I think I got right. But, where my mistake is is that, you know, like I mentioned before, when it is an iconic um piece from the brand, for example, the love or even the Perlée from Van Cleef. You can fall in love with the house so much that you can get a bit carried away. And I think for me, that was with Van Cleef. Out of all the designer jewelry categories, I own so much Van Cleef. Now, don't get me wrong. I love my Van Cleef magic earrings. Like I own them in green, I own them in um white mother of pearl, and if they had more colors, I would add them because I wear them so much. But, I have to be honest, one of the most popular categories is the Van Cleef & Arpels bracelets. Their five motif bracelets. And as you can see, oopsie, I have 1 2 3 4 5 6. And I just thought, in terms of all the Van Cleef Alhambra pieces, this one is the most worth it. If you look at Oh, you get five motifs instead of like just one for a necklace. Like I still really enjoy their necklaces because I like layering. But, I have to be honest and tell you that I just thought, "Oh, I've got my anchors stack. I can just I'm going to be wearing these so much. And I love malachite, so I'm going to get one in malachite. And oh, you know, the guilloche collection came out. This is great. I'm going to wear this." And I do wear them, guys. I love the Alhambra collection. But, really did I really need one in every single color? I almost bought another one a couple of years ago, but I really had to ask myself, "You know, how much do you wear your five motif bracelets?" And out of all my Van Cleef collection, I've done my Van Cleef collection uh before. I probably only added a couple since then, but I'll also link it up here if you were interested in watching it. I also go through the different stones and the pros and cons. But, anyway, this video is not about Van Cleef, but I have a lot of Van Cleef. And it's not like I didn't buy good pieces cuz they are good pieces. I just bought too much of the same design language because I just love Van Cleef so much. So, for me looking back, I think I just bought too much of the same brand because what I've been saying the last couple of years is I definitely want to explore more of the other brands because every brand there is a beautiful iconic collection too. And I like variety and I like trying different things. And I definitely think I went overboard in Van Cleef. So, when I look at my collection nowadays, it's like very concentrated in the same sort of design language. So, if I was to rebuild my collection today, I absolutely would still buy Van Cleef. But, like I said, I would explore other brands as well. Chaumet or Messika or Bulgari or Piaget. Not because those brands are necessarily better or anything, but because just adding some different jewelry pieces. I'm not saying you have to buy a lot, but just adding maybe one or two jewelry pieces from different brands adds like a different contrast to your jewelry collection. You get different variety, different textures, different patterns. And I think to me that makes a jewelry collection feel a bit more elevated. So, I got this category partially right with my anchor pieces. I don't have a full arm of Van Cleef or full arm of Cartier. But, yeah, if I was rebuilding today, I would definitely have diversified my collection a bit earlier because I think that makes for a more balanced jewelry collection, right? Mistake number four is not shopping by category earlier. Like I said to you before, you guys know I'm an earrings girl. But, I think in the past, whether it was earrings, necklaces, bracelets, whatever, if I liked it and I I it was pretty, I would buy it. Um it would be definitely more of an emotional purchase and there's nothing wrong with that to some extent. Jewelry should be an emotional piece. But the problem is before I knew it, when I stepped back and looked at my collection, I was like there are so many pieces that I just don't reach for. And they're costly. Even if it's costume jewelry, it all adds up and costume jewelry is not cheap. I could have got a real diamond or cultured pearls or solid 14 or 18 karat gold. So, I guess I could say it wasn't all doom and gloom because the mistakes I made, I did buy most of them in earrings, but still I would say they're still more like emotional purchases. Just again as the example I used before with Van Cleef. Um I I do love my bracelets because I have a bracelet stack, but why did I buy so many Van Cleef bracelets? Wouldn't it have made more sense to buy more Van Cleef earrings if I was an earrings girl? I even own Van Cleef necklaces than earrings. But I do like my Van Cleef necklaces though. But really, earrings. I should be investing in earrings, right? Again, that's not me saying I regret all my Van Cleef bracelets or all my Chanel costume jewelry earrings. I just think I should have been a lot more intentional about it. So, guys, please learn from this mistake. Ask yourself, what category do you wear the most? Don't get caught up by the prettiness or what everyone's buying or I see this on Instagram everywhere. What do you wear the most? And I thinking about that more, you know, you'll make smarter purchases as well. But besides earrings, like I would say the last three or four years, I've definitely gotten a lot more into rings. I just think rings are a very fun way to change the mood of your hands. So, just quickly, the rings I'm wearing again from Ideal. I love them because they are stackable, all different shapes. Again, look at that sparkle. And these are also 20% off. So again, I can change them up. I can wear this one. I know it stacks well with this. Again, it's a mixture of yellow gold and white gold or sometimes I put yellow gold together. So that's just one example, but rings are just easy to rotate, right? And sometimes I like a few delicate rings on one hand. Sometimes I like more of a statement ring. So I know that rings, for example, is a category if I want to, you know, spend on luxury jewelry that I'm more willing to. And for example, with necklaces, I've come to realize this over time. Before I would just buy really pretty pieces. You guys are thinking, "Why'd you buy that, Mel?" But let me show you this Chanel choker I never wear anymore. It was so expensive, guys. And I have not touched this for years. And it took me a while to discover that even though necklaces might not be my most worn category, when I wear my necklaces, I like to layer. So my necklace stack here, you can I mentioned this before. This is my little Van Cleef sweet um Alhambra necklace. But if I'm going to get a choker, this again, this is from Ideal. This is the cherry choker. So I just love this cherry choker because if you look, it's just has little tiny droplets. So it gives a little bit of movement. If you wanted this, I don't know when it's going to come back cuz it was part of their limited collection that sold out. I got this like last year. I wear this so much and I stack it with my Van Cleef or my other designer necklaces as well. So this is a really good one. But yeah, I just like layering more. And I mentioned this in a recent video, but much more bold necklaces like this Tiffany necklace, I just even though it's so nice, I just haven't worn it because it is very bold. With it, I like to usually wear earrings. So if you wear something like this, you've got to keep your earring really understated. So, yeah, it is sometimes trial and error from wearing things, styling things, and knowing your style. And sometimes, you know, it's okay to get it wrong cuz your style does evolve over time. So, if I would definitely think more intentionally in terms of category. Before you make a big purchase, look at your whole jewelry collection and say, "What am I missing? Maybe I've overbought in a certain category." And then you may not make as many mistakes. And then the final mistake is not leaving enough room for personality in your collection, or too much personality in my case. So, this mistake might be a little bit hard to explain, but I think it's all about balance. Because whilst I did talk about intentionality, versatility, I think jewelry is emotional, too. It's not always about, oh, cost per wear, investment, practicality. Sometimes, pieces are special because they have sentimental value. Sometimes they're special because they're a gift. Sometimes, it might be special because it marked a particular milestone. So, for me, I think every good jewelry collection needs personality. And again, for me, the mistake I made was I had too much personality in my costume jewelry collection. But then again, you don't want your collection to be too practical and strategic that your collection feels a little bit flat, too. I mean, it could make perfect logical sense. And I'm not saying, please don't get me wrong, that, you know, don't think about your purchases or anything like that. I just think also leave room for pieces that it it might not make sense that you spent a lot on that one piece of costume jewelry, or that vintage piece, or something else. But it is special to you, that's what I'm talking about. There are just some pieces that might not make sense, but they make sense to you because you just love them so much. So, absolutely leave room for some personality pieces, but for me specifically, in that a lot of my collection is skewed to costume jewelry resin, I wish I had started building my fine jewelry collection earlier because now when it comes to it, I don't even wear a lot of my costume jewelry pieces very much and that is a waste, isn't it? So, I feel like I understand the balance much more much better now. I definitely will still have the statement pieces, those fun pieces, but the majority of my collection will be pieces that I actually will, you know, take out and use because that is the true test whether you even use your jewelry pieces, right? So, if I was rebuilding my collection today, I would definitely focus more on the foundational pieces. So, I would have started my bracelets back earlier instead of spending all my hard-earned money on Chanel costume jewelry earrings every single year because I think when you build your foundation, when you add personality pieces or more fun pieces, it actually makes your collection feel more special, to me anyway. And I think also it does come with age. Uh the older you get, it's not like I have to have every new piece. I have to admit before I was definitely more caught up in the excitement of, "Oh, I got another pair of Chanel earrings. I got another pair of Dior earrings." It's really easy to fall into, "Oh, I love it. I got to get it." Whereas in my mindset now is does it add something more meaningful into my collection? Is it something that I can see myself reaching for not just because it's really pretty. And I think if I asked myself that question earlier, I definitely would have saved myself thousands and thousands of dollars. But I hope that from me sharing my experiences from 20 years of collecting that it helps you guys out, for you that may be starting your luxury collection or building your luxury collection. Now, please don't get me wrong, there are so many pieces that I absolutely love for my collection. So, it's This is not like I regret everything video because there are a lot of these pieces that if I lost today, I would rebuy again. But, there are definitely some lessons to be learned. And you know what? Sometimes that can only come with time. That's why I thought it was important to make this video because you you could do your research, you could ask for advice, but sometimes you don't really know until you buy and wear it and then live with it and then realize oops. Because for me, um I wish someone had sort of shared with me some of their mistakes. And I'm not saying I wouldn't make mistakes myself, but I I definitely would have thought about my purchases a little bit more and I would have approached collecting jewelry differently. So guys, that is it for this video. I hope by me sharing my mistakes that I've made and some of the things that I've got right have helped you guys. I would love to know is it just me, but what's one jewelry mistake that you have made? Please let me know in the comments below. And also, don't forget to check my last video, you know, my spontaneous giveaway. I will also draw the winners for the two Lunar New Year red packets. But, I also need your help because I want to know for my 10 years YouTube celebration, which is this month, what would you guys like me to give away? Would you like something vintage, like something I've created, like maybe a vintage bag or something from Hermes or maybe um a jewelry piece. Please let me know. I love giving back. I wouldn't be here without you guys. And just thank you for being with me all these years. I appreciate it so so much. So again, if you were interested in any of the pieces I'm wearing from Ideal, make sure you click my link below to get 20% off because some of these pieces, I don't know when they'll come back and they're so so good and I've been wearing them so much. So, have a fabulous day or night, guys, and I will catch you in my next video. Bye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @MelinMelbourne [6 likes]: ➡️ PLS LET ME KNOW… Hi my loves! Need your suggestions for my 10 YEAR YT GIVEAWAY 🎉What would you like me to giveaway? A vintage bag? something from Hermes? a jewelry piece? Pls comment to let me know. Firstly, wishing all mummas a happy Mother’s Day!! 💕 
So in this video, I’m sharing the biggest mistakes I regret making, what I would genuinely do differently if I started again, and the pieces I still think were absolutely worth it. This is an honest deep dive into how my approach to jewellery has completely evolved over time, from impulse buying to building a collection with much more intention. Hope you find the video helpful x Mel 

⭐️ Get 20% off IDYL using my link: https://bit.ly/idylMIM (ends 24th May) 
+ FREE gift with every order and FREE Worldwide shipping (no duties/taxes)

------------------------
💎 ITEMS MENTIONED 
(all IDYL links are not affiliated, I don't make any commission if click my lins)

LIMITED HOOPS COLLECTION 
Diamond Hoop: https://bit.ly/idylmimdiamondhoop
Solid Gold Hoop: https://bit.ly/idylmimsolidgoldhoop
Philo: https://bit.ly/idylmimphilo
Echo: https://bit.ly/idylmimecho
Cloud: https://bit.ly/idylmimcloud
Petal: https://bit.ly/idylmimpetal

NECK
Cherry Choker: https://bit.ly/idylmimcherry
VCA Sweet MOP Pendant: (exact): https://bit.ly/4dEdxZ9

RINGS
Rhea: https://bit.ly/idylmimrhea
Melia:https://bit.ly/idylmimmelia
Kali: https://bit.ly/idylmimkali

My FAVES: https://bit.ly/idylmimfavourites
Wearing: Vintage Polo Shirt (similar): https://bit.ly/4uziitv
  2. @ninaeeeeeeeeees [1 likes]: This video is so useful.Thank you so much Mel!.For me personally since I’m turning 30s this year I am regretting not buying designer jewelry earlier.Rather than purchasing Tiffany silver jewelry or designer bag, I wish I could buy Cartier instead.
  3. @MadamMMStyleIcon [1 likes]: Hi Mel, I love your jewelry style and your collection. I agree with you about to be practical and strategic, it must still include pieces with sentimental value or personality. The goal is to strike a balance where the majority of the collection is wearable and foundational, while still having room for the unique pieces you love.💕
  4. @maricarcapinig1370 [1 likes]: Im from philippines... Someone 's says there is no word jewelries.. Only peace of jewelry... Mam is it true... Just asking... ❤😊😊
  5. @fancienanc [1 likes]: Mel, have no regrets. We evolve! I’m the year of the horse 🐎 & #LifeIsJustABowlOfCherries 🍒 I love your collection! Nanc 🍒
  6. @kaylheecarroll3186 [1 likes]: Happy Mother's Day weekend 😊💕
  7. @dinavienna [1 likes]: I regret bag and costume jewelry purchases and other accessories too .. ESPECIALLY since gold has risen the most recently in the last decades 😢😢 wished I d bought more gold 2014-24😢😢😢
  8. @lili-cv1zb: You are so genuine ❤❤❤
  9. @karengrimes6843: I have a full arm of Cartier however have Chanel ring I wear daily. Just add bulgari  ring to go next to it. Mixing is the best
  10. @gomosh6967: Good Morning Mel! For your giveaway gift perhaps a Prada bag? Thank you. :)
  11. @pinksocks115: these type of purchase regret reflections are so useful!
  12. @MaryTeo-g8d: You can sell the custom jewellery.
  13. @mindbodysoul8214: It's kinda funny hearing you say Regrets and Mistakes in your jewelry....I loveLoveLOVE your jewelry pieces.  
I will also say, before I purchase luxury custom jewelry, I will consider Fine jewelry first. Your bracelet stack is Stunning. I am now officially adopting the Anchor Piece Method from this day forward. Always learning from you Mel. TFS 💛
  14. @6kids-n6t: If those are real gold you’re making triple profits by now
  15. @TanyaG416: ❤❤❤
  16. @fayeoc1103: You may sell some custom jewelry in exchange of new loved jewelry. This is very informative. I love this video. Thank you. For give away anything, you have such great taste.
  17. @johansjournal: Happy Mother's Day weekend ! You have such good taste! I would love a vintage bag for the 10th anniversary celebration 😍Love your thoughts soo much!
  18. @lexiabo: That’s so true on VC bracelets, I have a small VC bracelets collection, but I now don’t know why I got those colour stoned bracelets as they are harder to match too😅😅😅
  19. @am63607: Would love a vintage bag for the 10th anniversary celebration 😊
  20. @lillygirl7238: Happy Mother’s Day!  You look great….dont own costume jewelry….I only wear earrings and rings…no bracelets and only one gold necklace.

- LUXURY PURCHASES I REGRET BUYING!: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone welcome back to my channel today's video we will be discussing my luxury regrets the items that i regret purchasing and i did come up with a list of some pointers and tips that i found i was doing for myself and hopefully to better inform you guys that you guys don't make the same mistakes i did um so without further ado let's get straight into the video one quick reminder before we start though is that the giveaway is still going on it ends october 11th at midnight eastern time so by the time i put this up it should be this on sunday so you have still one full day and good luck to everyone that has entered and the details will be provided down below so definitely check out the description and now let's get started my first luxury regret and it's not really a regret but just realizing that i don't actually use the items i'm buying and that is and i have a bunch of them a flat card holder i purchased a lot of these flat card holders because i love the color ways and i and i still do love the colorways but i just realized i need to start purchasing them in an lslg that i actually use so i found with my personal style that i use the zippy and the snap card holder the most versus these black card holders one thing i realized was just because you love the color if it doesn't fit your functionality so with me i get scared of card holders i don't like to over stuff them so then it makes me not want to use them because i just like to be able to put as many cards as i want and not have the the doubts of am i stretching the leather is it going to you know not go back into place so i just found that the other two styles work a lot better for me verse the flat style my next luxury regret is purchasing items that don't fit my wardrobe and i will give you a prime example here it is my pink gucci brixtons i've had these for about three years and as you can see barely worn i could probably count the amount of times i've worn them on my hand and one of the reasons is because they just didn't fit the outfits that i was wearing i just i got these mainly as a work shoe and maybe that was where i went wrong and thinking that this color could be like a work color verse maybe it is a more casual i wear it on the weekends and i can wear it with jeans but when i came to work i kept them in my work desk and these were my work shoes but they never actually got worn because i just never felt they looked good with any outfit i was wearing so that was something that going forward i realized i need to really stick with neutrals because i like to wear blue navies blacks grays and a pop of color is nice but it's just a little more difficult for me to wear the next luxury mistake is purchasing something that is just too big and i feel like we've all been there whether it's shoes clothes for me it had been to be jewelry as well and one of the first things that i purchased probably five six years ago and i was so excited to purchase it was one of my first few luxury pieces and it was a david urman cable bracelet i'll put it up here just so you guys can get a visual because i ended up selling it so i do not have it anymore but i wish the sales associate at the time and i purchased it from bloomingdale's really kind of guided me on the sizing because i ended up getting a medium when really i should have been a small because the medium was just too big so i never ended up actually wearing it i probably wore it a few times for the for like the five years that i owned it because it just didn't fit so i never got the wear out of it i didn't enjoy wearing it and it was just really upsetting because it was something that if i knew if i was more you know educated on that there was different sizings or you know trying different sizes i feel like i just picked it and that was it it wasn't like hey you want to get a small or you know maybe test this size out it was more so like here you here you go and that's it so if i was more informed and educated on you know the bracelet i was choosing instead of just going and purchasing it i would have made a better informed decision overall and i feel like i made the same mistake again a few years later i went to the real real and i purchased an rms kelly leather bracelet and again i'll put it up here because i ended up selling it as well but i got it and i really liked it but again it was just too big so it would actually wrap around and it would keep spinning and it just was super annoying to wear that way she ended up actually selling it so something that i realize that i need to really think about before purchasing is does it fit me and i mean i think that's just like should be like a basic question but when you're learning about these luxury items you're just looking at the piece and you're like oh this is really pretty and not realizing that they actually come in different sizes you know like i because like you think of like a necklace and it's kind of like a one size maybe you can extend the chain but it's pretty much you know it is what it is so that was something that you know when i was first starting to get into luxury items and purchasing them that was some a definitely a big mistake that i made and unfortunately more than once and my last luxury regret is buying an item because you feel like you need it in your closet and if you guys have ever been there definitely leave a comment down below about a year or two ago i ended up purchasing and i'll show you an armed belt and i love this belt it's reversible i think if you're going to get one laundry belt i still recommend this belt because i i honestly do love how it looks and how it feels but i realize i don't wear belts and i i knew before that i didn't wear belts but i thought that if i bought the belt i would wear the belt and it definitely when i first bought it i did try to incorporate into my outfits but after a while i just stopped using it and maybe like i feel like you know sometimes i do use it i haven't used it well it's been summer and stuff but i probably use it maybe one or two times out of the year uh during the season and it's just really disappointing i feel like you need to realize like you're going to see stuff you know you're going to watch videos and you're going to be influenced or you know you're going to see something be like that looks so pretty i want that but you really and we all really need to just take a step back think about it does it fit our lifestyle i went into it knowing that i'm not a bell person but i thought if i needed just one belt if i just needed one belt to last me for years and years and years this is about i would buy and my logic there and my reasoning just shouldn't have been like a thought because the other day i don't wear belts so why am i purchasing something because i i feel like i need one belt in my like you know luxury collection i feel like i need one luxury belt like no that doesn't make sense because in the day you're not a belt person so you will not wear belts so you're just paying tons of money to not wear something and i feel like that's just something that i i came to realization and that i need to do better of and you know i need to be more mindful of why i'm making purchases and even if it's you know i i love it because i do love the belt there's nothing wrong with the belt i would not i would 100 recommend it it's just it doesn't fit my lifestyle i'm not a belt person i don't wear belts um i don't feel the need to wear belts maybe at one point in my life i will but that's that's where you should buy it later it's not something you should buy in anticipation of unless you know like no i just feel like you shouldn't buy something in anticipation of you thinking you're gonna need it or um you know i think it's you buy what you need in the moment and what you're using in the moments that you get the most wear out of it and that's just something that i realized that you know you buy stuff because you think you need it and in reality then you're just buying it to buy it and you didn't actually need it because i didn't need the belts i don't use belts i i like the belt i don't think even to this day i wouldn't sell it because i still do really like it but i just realized that you really need to be more mindful about what you're purchasing and again this could be so basic you know like this is obviously like when you're buying something you should think about it but really like i would just stick to my motto don't buy an anticipation of buy it in the moment of like if you're using it in the moment like say if you're a belt person now and you're always going to be able to person then buy it but don't buy something because you think you need it or you think later on you'll be a belt person in this scenario okay everyone that is it for this video i am hopefully you learned something share your luxury regrets below remember to enter the giveaway if you haven't i really do appreciate all my new subscribers you know thank you for joining thank you for watching my videos interacting with my videos interacting with me on instagram i do have an instagram and you can follow that at underscore new york sensation i'll leave it down below also if you guys want to see a specific video always you can leave a comment or you know dm me through instagram if you feel comfortable more that way but i just love hearing from you guys and i'll see you guys in my next video very soon bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @ashleylee4931 [4 likes]: OMG!! I am actually planning to add a hermes kelly belt and im not a belt person. I kept brain wash me that i’ll wear it when i get one. Hahaha
  2. @zuzanna1456 [3 likes]: Forget about two big...I’ve got two too small Cartier love rings and many pairs of designer shoes half or a size too small 😪
  3. @Dillonkhola [2 likes]: Hahaha, I sold my DY cable bracelet, Gucci loafers, and H Kelly Double tour bracelet as well! 😅
  4. @helloxluxury [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing your insights! I love these kinds of videos - I find them so helpful! 💕
  5. @whogivesaluxe_yt [1 likes]: Oh gosh.. where do I start with my luxury regrets 🤣 I feel the same as you, I have the exact Chanel iridescent card holder both in beige and black- never used! It’s so hard for me to let those pieces go, they’re just so beautiful Lol. And I prefer my zippy card holder version too. Hmmmm, Fendi Peekaboo was the bag that I loved on everyone else, except me! So I let that one go fairly quickly. I’d say over the last 2 years I’ve done a lot of buying and selling. I’m done with that phase! Haha
  6. @Kravenellie90: Hello there. Hope you are well. Great video!
With respect to the Gucci  loafers, are these breathable or do they cause the feet to perspire a lot, if worn without socks?
  7. @vl5562: Agreed! Thank you 😊
  8. @Lindy88888: Yes! 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
  9. @saralbudhiraja: You can Get the pink Gucci pair redyed to Navy or Black easily.
  10. @carolynenoble: I regret buying Prada bags made of fabric. They seem cheap.
  11. @MakeupbyKeylaR: Just found your channel 🤩 obsessed 🤩
  12. @tropicalparadise8466: Hi there, what size is hermes belt (width and length) ? Would you like to sell it?
  13. @PatriciaKLM: Love these types of videos! I think it just helps all us luxe lovers make better purchases. Thanks for sharing your experience with these pieces! P.S. New friend here.🥰 Would love to stay connected on Youtube as we share the same love of luxe and fashion. xxx
  14. @ameliarosescloset: Love these videos, I find them so interesting 💕
  15. @ethanpu8221: i bought an hermes leather bracelet too, one of my biggest regrets for sure
  16. @shakyrashakeena2536: Excellent motto ‘don’t buy in anticipation’. I completely agree and I have found the items I have used/owned in the past are my most worn, as opposed to items I think I can incorporate into my wardrobe that I didn’t previously own. Thank you for sharing! 😊💖
  17. @WASP-ee7ey: Good video
  18. @whogivesaluxe_yt: Another great video!!! Really enjoyed it :)
  19. @itsjane2788: Gucci pink shoe isn't good for standard fashion and style. I don't think it can fit to my style. Yassss, before we purchase we should informative and mindful. 💖
  20. @itsjane2788: First

- Luxury Watches have been in DECLINE: Is Luxury Watch Quality Getting WORSE?: Kind: captions Language: en There has never been a better time to be a watch collector. Brands are releasing more watches than ever before and throughout the calendar year beyond novelty season. Mechanical movements have never been more accurate, shockresistant or antimagnetic. And accessibility has never been better. For most of human history and humans owning little clocks that they could wear, this was a true luxury item reserved for only the richest in society. And now you can purchase a watch that is awesome for $20. But the mood for enthusiasts has been pretty low. I think there's a bit of hype fatigue, novelty fatigue, and a growing movement of people looking for value and even feeling like watches are getting worse and the quality is declining. Let's just get straight into it. I think we all recognize that there is a modern quality problem. And this is in all things. This is in a lot of things. When we look at clothes, even high-end designers have been called out for manufacturing their products in China. These same accusations have been levied at watch brands. But still, there are incredible watch makers, watch manufacturers making very high quality products. Say what you want about the authorized dealer experience. But Rolex is the best in class in terms of quality being completely in-house. Their bracelets are not made in China. These are 100% Swissade. And at the price, you aren't going to find a brand that is making the same quality of watches with the breadth of catalog. PC Philippe is the same. Along Unzona, Vashron, Grand Seiko, Credor. The quality is still there. I don't think watches are getting worse, but I think it's the quality versus the price of the product you're receiving that might be out of line. Quality is a really hard thing to define. If your non-watch friend asked you to make a list of the characteristics of a good watch, your list would probably include one, a mechanical movement decorated depending on price. Two, having some form of complication also depending on price. Three, the metals. It's probably going to be stainless steel, some form of precious metal. Four, a good degree of finishing. So, shamfering, polishing, brushing, tapering. Five, a good overall design. It needs to feel cohesive, thought through. And six, a robust clasp system. I'm always looking for some form of on the-fly micro adjustment or just knowing that part of the design has been thought through. So, this would probably be your list. But all of these things, having all these things doesn't necessarily mean high quality, and not having something from this list doesn't mean something is high quality. For example, I have an FPJ elegant. This is powered by a quartz movement. And I think you'd have to be a little bit delusional to say, "Yeah, that's a pretty lowquality piece of garbage." Quartz cannot be your thing. You don't have to like quartz. I totally get it. But the presence of quartz doesn't automatically make something lowquality. Nor does a mechanical movement automatically equal high quality. I've held watches by Holy Trinity brands, looked at the movement under a loop, and the finishing was diabolical. I won't name names. I'm not here to do that. But what I'm trying to say is even with holy trinity brands automatic or uh mechanical movement doesn't equal high quality straightaway. And I don't mind that as long as the product I'm receiving is in line with the price. And I think increasingly less people are finding that to be the case. In the 1970s, a stainless steel Rolex Submariner date retailed for $230 or about $1,200 adjusted for inflation. Even the full 18 karat gold was priced at $2,000 adjusted to roughly $11,585. The modern subdate stainless steel is priced at $10,650 USD. Now, to be clear, the modern sub is streets ahead of the 1970s variation. Don't get me wrong, but I think that jump in price is hardly in line. I talk about it all the time. We are in the midst of a massive luxury slowdown. Less people are buying luxury goods and we are in the middle of this pivot point in how people consume luxury goods and they're even redefining how they see luxury. And for goods and products, highquality and artisal care needs to be present. My definition of quality would be it is a bunch of small things done excellently by a skilled crafts person. Someone who knows what they're doing. You could hand me an instruction book on how to make a watch and say, "Here you go, Britney. Take as much time as you need. Take the next 10 years and just make one beautiful, excellent artisal watch." And I'm not going to create anything good because I'm not someone who's trained in watch making. I've not studied under someone. I I I I don't have the skills to make this thing. There is no single thing you can point to and say, "Hey, that's where the quality is. That's quality." It's a bunch of small things executed with care by someone who knows what they are doing. And this is actually probably a fantastic time to talk about Surf Shark, who are also today's fabulous video sponsor. And thankfully, they know what they're doing when it comes to protecting your personal data, public Wi-Fi dangers, and my personal favorite, unlocking censored content. It is the holidays, baby. And whether you're traveling back home or working abroad, you need Surf Shark in your life. They are a VPN or a virtual private network, meaning you can virtually place your computer anywhere, and they protect all your private information by encrypting it so snoopers and trackers can't get at it. You might be thinking, "Who wants to see my internet activity? All it is is me looking at ridiculously expensive watches on Chrono24." And I get it. I completely relate. But your information is more valuable than you think. And there's a lot more sensitive information out there than you probably think. They offer online security and privacy when using public Wi-Fi with top-notch encryption and leak protection. You can use Surf Shark's price discrimination features to find the best deals on planes, rental cars, and hotels by changing your location to find the lowest possible price. On top of that, Surf Shark Shark Surf Shark Search allows you to search the web in private without ads, logs, or trackers. If you're thinking, "This sounds great, Britney, you should go click the link that is in my description, surfshark.com/gringa. Click my link. use my link and this comes with an extra 4 months of Surf Shark for free and a 30-day money back guarantee. Go click that link and thank you so much to Surf Shark for sponsoring this video. So, one of the big things that inspired this video was my recent purchase of two Omega C Master Diver 300's, both from the early 2000s, and feeling like the modern offerings don't feel as strong as these. Has quality been declining? I would say luxury watch quality has not universally declined [music] but the definitions we use distribution and signaling of quality [music] has changed. Watchmaking in some aspects has never been better. One material science silicon escapements advanced alloys case materials ceramic bezels. Two manufacturing advancements CNC machines yield tighter tolerances at scale. Three, performance stability. There are now longer service intervals, higher shock resistance, and four, industrial reliability. There are now fewer QC issues compared to mid-century production. Rolex being another great example of that. I think the real change has been in quality being decoupled from price. In most of the 20th century, up until the late 1980s, paying more usually meant receiving more. More labor, better materials, more finishing. Today it often means brand alignment, controlled scarcity, boutique experience and secondary value retention. On this channel we often explore the tension of profitability and creating something artistal and creating something made with care and can these two things coexist? I mean at the end of the day these are for-profit businesses. They don't exist to run at a loss but preserve the artisal history, the heritage of watchmaking. Many brands are owned by conglomerates. Uh design decisions are increasingly ROI, the return on investment driven, hence why we're seeing so many vintage reissues. And the craft side of watch making like hand finishing is being reduced if not visible or frankly marketable. For many people watching this, this won't be news to you, but in order for a watch to claim their watch to be Swissade, to write Swissade on the dial, only 60% by value needs to be produced in Switzerland. And the remaining 40% can be produced elsewhere, China, India, Vietnam, wherever it makes the most sense for the brand and offers enough value and craftsmanship. For clarification, under Swiss law, this means that the [music] movement must be Swiss, so assembled in Switzerland, inspected by the manufacturer in Switzerland. The movement must be cased [music] up in Switzerland, and at least 60% of the manufacturing costs are incurred in Switzerland. 60% is okay. It's more than half. But I would be shocked if brands weren't maximizing that 40% of elsewhere, the furthest they could. The furthest they can push that 40%, they're going to do that. And if they weren't, they would be shouting about it from the rooftops. I need to stop being so grumpy. As of the time of filming this, it's that weird time right up before Christmas, and I'm just stressed. I think it's making me more grumpy. Yeah. What I'm trying to say is I think we're at this pivot point in the way that we consume luxury and view luxury products, and it's changing. The conglomerate model that was largely created by Bernard Arno is coming to an end. So the playbook Bernardo and LVMH largely created was one acquiring brands with storied names and reputations in the luxury space especially in times where they were failing. So he would buy them at discount and have these fantastic names under his conglomerate. Two, focusing on affordable luxuries. So not something like a Ferrari or a lakehouse in Geneva. It was things people could afford like Louis Vuitton sliders. And three, he heavily invested in marketing and hype. And this is how the luxury space has been running for the last 40 years. But the thing about luxury is it's meant to be beautiful and exceptional and special. The conglomerate model, which is profit and growth at all costs. These are publicly listed companies that are faithful first and foremost to their shareholders. This model cannot mix with luxury or at the very least it can't mix with high quality. I really think this is one of the root causes of the luxury sector slowdown. People have bought these luxury items and realized this isn't that special. This isn't made to a high degree. Let's lighten things up. Let's talk about how to spot genuinely highquality watches. Number one, get hands-on with the watches you're interested [music] in. I know it's hard to describe, but quality is like Justin Potter Stewart and his threshold test for obscinity, which is [music] I know it when I see it. You feel high quality when it's in your hands on your wrist. When a brand has overthought about the way that the lugs curve and which polishing will look best in the light. Number two, finishing where it matters. I think a lot of people think good finishing is reserved for like PC Philippe, but it's not. Nomos is offering finishing that we kind of don't deserve, especially at the price. Is there polished surfaces and shamfering? Interior angles. Are the screws blued? Did the brand take time to make this exceptional? Number three, bracelet and clasp. Does the bracelet suit the case style? Often the first quality marker to me [music] is how solid or flimsy the bracelet feels in hand. Four, servicing. Are the parts available long term? And [music] five, movement, architecture, and abilities. Now, I'm not as harsh as some watch geeks are with the movement. I think different styles and genres of watches should prioritize different things. Not every movement needs to be 120 hours power reserve according to genre and category. Some should prioritize power reserve and being automatic, while others like Hotarology dress watches should prioritize decoration and beauty. And that's fine. I'd ask, what is this watch setting out to be? What does it want to accomplish? And does the movement aid in that? I also really care about tolerances and accuracy. Not everyone does as much as me, but I do. I really prefer something and consider it a quality marker if something is tested to cost tolerances. Doesn't even necessarily need to be cost certified, but I really like it when a watch brand cares about that. Anyways, I've just had to edit something out. I've talked for the last 15 minutes about different brands I consider to be exceptional. Oh, Laurent Farier. Laurent [music] Farier. Not only one of my favorite watch makers right now, one of the best of all time. One of the coolest guys ever. Philip Duar is probably the benchmark for hand finishing craft purity and not innovation theater. I'm going to cut this out of the video because it's so much in there. If you do want to hear about the brands that I consider to be exceptional and who are still putting craft first, let me know in the comments down below. I will release a whole video where I talk about all these, but I think it would make this video a little bit too long. And I don't know if that's something people would be interested in. In conclusion, quality has not declined, but craft per dollar has. Modern watches are better engineered, but becoming less human inensive. Vintage and neo vintage is where to find best value. True quality still exists. It's just rarer, more expensive, [music] and harder to find beneath the marketing noise. How do you define quality? Let me know in the comments down below. Thank [music] you so much for your viewership. Thank you to Surf Shark for sponsoring this video. And thank you to the Pope Tier [music] patrons. Thank you to all tier patrons, but Pop Tier patrons. Oh yeah, get their names on the screen. Woo! Okay, this was a monster video. This took so long to film. I hope [music] I can really chop it down in the edit. [laughter] I've been in the garage for a while. These are things I think about a lot and [music] I really really enjoy making videos like this. For me, it's just hard to like detangle [music] my thoughts a little bit and make something that hopefully makes sense, you know? So hopefully this video makes sense, but don't worry about that. Let's worry about you. Fabulous names on the screen. Thank you so much to all tiers of patrons, [music] but the biggest, most special thank you to the Pope tier. You are the highest tier. You're the highest level of patron, and you really keep this channel going. Thank you so so much. I hope you keep enjoying the work we do here. But even if you don't, I hope you keep enjoying watches forever. They're fabulous. You're fabulous. Thank you so much,

  Top Comments:
  1. @eltebux: 2:45 why is the pf journe so expensive?
  2. @stingaling: FEWER people Britt. Not less! Thanks 🙂
  3. @Jhippo2679: Luxury watches lack the practical utility of other high-end purchases. If the industry can’t prove their value to non-enthusiasts, people will continue to prioritize vacations, home upgrades, nicer car, over jewelry.
  4. @WeilerMinervini: This watch is all about elegance. For an elegant look that's affordable,  :yt: amzswis :yt: is the place to go.
  5. @LordOfThePancakes: Watches are for nerd
  6. @Jack-j3u7v: 3:08 nah you should do that. Gracefully steering consumer decision making
  7. @ChikitaBach: A watch like this is worth every penny. Watches on  :yt: amzswis :yt: are worth every penny and then some.
  8. @JoseJose-r8u: The blue sunburst dial is mesmerizing! I've seen similar beautiful blue faces on watches at  :yt: amzswis :yt:.
  9. @CocoyMelendez: I have the same semaster you got and bought in 2003 and i have the Bond 007 design. Still have em and totally agree the new ones dont seems to be as solid now adays
  10. @DannielleBeard-v9n: :yt: amzswis :yt: understands what watch enthusiasts are looking for.
  11. @CatherineWolf-i8v: :yt: amzswis :yt: offers great customer care after the sale as well.
  12. @risingdough8078: Thank you for answering your own question within 3 minutes: "Is luxury watch quality getting worse?" "No." That saved me 13 minutes waiting for evidence that would not be forthcoming.

Instead, your response signalled this video was an opinion piece on perceived value. And many viewers probably agree that luxury watches don't offer the same value as before. But this isn't limited to the luxury watch market.

The issue is not specifically about watches (or cars, boats, etc): the issue is economic. Inflation is up, which wages typically lag. Money from the ironic covid boon is depleted. Can you say "idiotic tariffs"?

Discretionary spending money has declined. People have less money to spend.
 
Manufacturers have to raise prices to cover their costs. Luxury manufacturers tend to raise prices even further, chasing the .1% demographic. Lowering prices lowers the brand value, not to mention alienates consumers who just spent more on the identical product. So it's easy to see why people don't feel the same about spending on luxury items.

The bad news for channels like this is that audiences will start declining, as interest in products with lower perceived value decline. The .1% demographic does not watch videos like this.
  13. @DJBIGBEN75: I traded in all of my watches for Rolexes, it hurts watching the value of something I love go down the drain
  14. @MarieThompson-e4e: Its brand recognition might not be as high as [Rolex/AP], but those in the know understand.  :yt: amzswis :yt:'s clients are precisely those who know.
  15. @christosswc: You know "made in China" does not necessarily mean low quality.
You DO know China makes ICBMs right?
They have an etiquette for building tons of cheap, low quality stuff, but they will build high quality products just as well, it is all down to the specifications laid down by the manufacturer.
So telling me quality may have dropped because they are more and more made in China instead of in-house sounds very European to me, same as saying it sounds elitist.
You do know AMD makes a large volume of it's chips in Malaysia right?
  16. @RedactedCiv: I hate the balance between loving watches and feeling like you are just another tricked consumer when handing over $10-15k for a watch.
  17. @geirbalderson9697: If Rolex wants to sell watches then, why do they make it difficult to buy them?   I could care less about the 'boutique experience'.   I want the experience of purchasing a toaster!
  18. @WatchandSon: Thoroughly enjoyed.
  19. @THARG67: My 1960/61 Hamilton is enough watch for me...
  20. @TOhara-eb2lp: I make every watch “human intensive” by buying them to mark occasions.

- Who reads the papers? - Yes, Prime Minister - BBC comedy: Kind: captions Language: en at first the origin of this criticism is it's rumor about another big scandal in the city how did you guess Oh Humphrey I've decided to respond to all this criticism about a scampered in the city the press is demanding action I shall appoint someone and when did you take this momentous decision today when I read the papers when did you first think of it today when I read the papers did you weigh the pros and cons of this decision not long I decided to be decisive Prime Minister if I may say I think you worry too much about what the paper said only a civil servant could have made that remark burner I have to worry about them particularly with the party conference coming up these rumors of a scandal just won't go away you know well that's not funny about it until it becomes something more than the room I just like to show you the cabinet agenda not just now free this is rather more important with respect by men estate is not the only way to understand the press is to remember that they pander to their readers prejudices don't tell me about the press I know exactly who reads the papers the day Liam there is read by people who think they run the country The Guardian is read by people who think they ought to run the country The Times is read by the people who actually do rap the daily Maron is read by the wives of the people around economy Financial Times is read by people who own the country the morning stars read by people who think the country ought to be run by another country Daily Telegraph is read by people who think it is Prime Minister what about the people who read the Sun Sun readers don't care who runs the country as long as she's got big tips [Laughter]

  Top Comments:
  1. @MsCreepyChan [2 likes]: This clip never stops getting more relevant.
  2. @VersusARCH [2 likes]: Both Nigel Hawthorne (Sir Humphrey) and Derek Fowlds (Bernard) were fighting hard at the very end not to break their respective characters. A testament to the scriptwriters and Paul Eddington's (Hacker) delivery
  3. @janesmith9024 [2 likes]: very true in 2025 too
  4. @TheSatanshunter [2 likes]: “Bernard Woolley you’ve been fined one credit for violation of the verbal morality statute”
  5. @112sje [2 likes]: Who reads the Daily Express ? 😅
  6. @rocketboysmc [1 likes]: How is BBC studios always end up with the lowest quality recordings that they can find.
  7. @Ostentatiousnessness [1 likes]: Judging by how Humphrey’s actor is trying not to laugh, I wonder if Hacker’s dissection of the reader bases was ad libbed?
  8. @darylcheshire1618 [1 likes]: I like the glare Hacker gives Bernard.
  9. @paulchapman8023: It should be no surprise that this scene is as relevant as ever. If it isn’t broken, don’t fix it. As long as it is profitable to pander to the prejudices of people who think they run the country, the Daily Mirror will keep doing so. The same goes for the Guardian pandering to those who think they ought to run the country, and so on.
  10. @mark.lawrence: when tv was great.
  11. @AnonymousWatcher37-v3i: The forgat to include New Statesman readers.
  12. @kevinstuart1966: So clever and brlliant.
  13. @georgespencer4119: best of the best
  14. @secondmouse3533: Superb ! Back in the day before the BBC went  woke.
  15. @wittyreviewer: Most of those still true, especially the Telegraph
  16. @bigbreasts84: Brilliant.
  17. @EK-gr9gd: Hacker had a stint as a journalist. So in PR issues he is superior to Sir Humphrey.
  18. @madabbafan: From what I have seen from a number of sourses Bernards line should have been '....got big breasts' (as he was always picky about what things should be called) Derek threw the change in for fun and they kept it due to the audiances reaction to it - even when Derek and Nigel almost cracked.
  19. @QuinctiliusVarus: New York Times = The Guardian
The Wall Street Journal = The Financial Times
USA today = The Daily Mail
The Daily Worker = The Morning Star
The National Enquirer = The Sun

Any corrections? Additons?
  20. @simonedwards9450: Love how Nigel Hawthorne just wanted to break into hysterics

- 💕被逼投河的孤女重生九零，白天開班改變全村命運，晚上被硬漢寵到心動！#重生九零之辣女歸來｜何思媛×顧家義: Kind: captions Language: en Beautiful women working out Come keep me company It's only considered fitness if it includes meat. No meat, no life. Okay, beautiful lady Not only are they beautiful Sharp-tongued It's better than you. Look at your appearance He was born at the hour of Chou (1-3 AM). Excuse me I rarely criticize other people's appearance. It's mainly your appearance that's offensive to me. Ugh, so annoying! Where is this? How did I get here? Oh my god Today is July 7, 1999. The first day of the college entrance examination I wish all high school students taking the college entrance examination to pursue their dreams. Live up to your youth A victorious start I traveled through time. Moon Thank goodness you're not dead. Why does no one pity me? What's going on, Yue'er? Hahahaha The shy roses bloomed quietly. Quietly Little girl, you can't escape now. Haha, come on! Hmm, still want to run away. Come on, hahaha Who's trying to seduce me, Sixth Brother? You sneeze wherever you go I'll beat you to death! Aa ... Ahhhhhh The fox spirit is shameless I don't have you I really want to cry Everyone came to see her I knew it all along. She always pretends to be innocent. I've seen her seduce men with my own eyes. social atmosphere They were all corrupted by this despicable woman. It's true, you can't judge a book by its cover. In the past, they would have to go into a pig cage. He Siyuan, you little bitch! Get out here! Just in time Oh, my daughter Should I have come a step earlier? You won't die. Xia Yu is not dead He didn't die, it's a pity he didn't die. It was impossible at that time When I pulled him out of the river He checked his breath He's dead. I don't know what happened. Anyway, he didn't die. Did someone actually see it with their own eyes? God has finally opened his eyes. He didn't die. You brat! Jia Yi, where are you going? Li Guiruo has already led his men there. He will absolutely not be let off easily. Add one, it hurts, right? Add one and see how you do it. Why did you talk back to me? Ouch, it hurts! I'll show you today. Whether it's using your hands or your mouth You'll only ever be crushed by me. Ha ha ha ha I think you're quite loud. How about you become my house gatekeeper? Daughter, stop. Something bad will happen here again. Don't get involved in this. Kindness is often taken advantage of. A good horse is ridden. I'll be here for you from now on. Nobody can bully us, mother and daughter. What are you two standing there for? Get rid of this little bitch ha Ah, the first half of the day They even made me crawl all over the yard by my hair. It's like they've become a completely different person. This is still my daughter. Am I dreaming? Since you know you've done evil Then get ready. Try moving it. My husband is the village chief. Give it a try This first slap will hit you Rampaging Oppressing the good You little bitch You seduced another husband into bed You still dare to hit people oops The second slap Unable to distinguish right from wrong She should have confronted her husband. Why take it out on the victims? This third slap will hit you Disregard for the law Driven to death Aren't you alive? Oh, I'm sorry. I misspoke It must have nearly killed someone. How about we start over? Why Brother Jia and Brother Yi, listen to my advice. Don't meddle in this business. Li Guirong, that tigress Do you think you, an outsider, can afford to mess with us? Last time I was just a step late. They couldn't stop him from jumping into the river. Finally God, give me another chance. How could I possibly ignore it? What use is the past now? So much time has passed What Li Guilong Should Do It was all done a long time ago. Hahaha Please have mercy on me. how so Since you have sincerely forgiven me Then I'll let you off the hook. Hitting you would dirty my hands I cursed you for falling into the water. You can't keep stinging my eyes! Get lost! Everyone, take a look at your faces. Do you still have any respect for the law? ah Even the most unreasonable person knows how to be reasonable now. That beating wasn't for nothing! Education is no longer prenatal education. At least I learned a lesson again. You thief! Want to be beaten again She seduced my husband over the past few years He beat me up like this I have never been treated so badly. Seduce your husband Is seduction necessary? Who in this village doesn't know this? Your husband It's a beast that goes into heat regardless of the season. I want to pounce on any female sculpture I see. You're overestimating him. My farts smell so bad I know you're a straightforward person. But there's no need to take it out on yourself. What? You and your husband are birds of a feather. People who aren't family don't enter the same door. Think Everyone would be interested in this rotten meat. There are no normal people in this world anymore. Me, me, what me? An unmarried young woman Clean and spotless, like a pair of new shoes. Could it be...? Would he step on a pile of stinky dog poop? Only another stinky dog poop That's why I think that way. This silent, mute person How did it turn into a bomb? This shrew has finally met her match. This is called "one thing subdues another". Don't spout nonsense. You big shot Who would believe you? Do you believe it? Do you believe that? You're crazy. Nobody believes you Who said that? I believe him So handsome! Is this the original owner's CP? Is my love destined to blossom in the 90s? Brother Qiang, why are you meddling in these things? Does it concern you? Leave me alone I absolutely must get involved in this matter today. Sister-in-law Guirong What kind of person is your husband? You know better than anyone else What kind of person is He Siyuan? Everyone knows what's going on. The truth cannot be hidden. What is fake can never become real. I choose to believe him. Pee a little Take another breath You, a college student from out of town Who gave you the right to speak? Didn't you ask everyone to judge? Am I only allowed to speak on your behalf? That's a bit unreasonable. Your husband is the village chief. Of course, no one dares to offend you. But I believe Everyone has their own moral compass. Instead of asking Does anyone believe He Siyuan? Why not ask? Does anyone believe you? Everyone, I have a question. Does anyone believe what Sister-in-law Gui Rong says? The answer is obvious, isn't it? Everything is understood without words. And there is another crucial piece of evidence. He Siyuan said To avoid being raped by the village chief Fighting desperately These injuries Isn't that living evidence? You said he seduced the village chief Where did these injuries come from? You two just wait! This isn't over. He Siyuan told the truth I'm quite curious. The You Before and the You Now Which one is the real you? Which one is fake? Both are the real me It's just a matter of what kind of goods we're dealing with. I'll give you that kind of attitude Are you satisfied with this answer? Mom, you go inside first. You're so lucky! Excuse me, could you please move away from me? I am allergic to mustard You plus one brother Did you hear him insulting me? I heard This is simply the essence of language. Unexpected There's such an art to roasting someone! Brother Jia always makes sarcastic remarks. I thought I had drunk some Tiger Balm. It turns out that aged vinegar was the culprit. That's why you Just when He Siyuan was framed The first to kick someone when they're down What nonsense are you talking about? Aren't you He Siyuan? You're making it sound like something else entirely. Are you dead? They're living perfectly well. What I mean is After this incident That pushover is dead. He Siyuan nowadays is vengeful. Nobody can bully him. That's between you and Li Guirong. What does this have to do with me? It has nothing to do with you. Then what are you doing jumping around here? Why is he spewing dog blood again? It's time to reveal your true form! Xiao Ai Ge All day long, it's just "brother, brother, brother". Why are you a hen? It needs to lay eggs. Be careful, or your owner might find you annoying. I'll slaughter you and make chicken soup. Your Aunt Auntie, you be the judge. I didn't do anything. Why is he so relentless in his pursuit of me? I understand Siyuan is not an unreasonable person. I want to know when he was wrongly accused. What exactly did you say? I can't say anything. Or should I say it for you? I knew all along that he was involved in ship collisions. I saw him seducing men with my own eyes. Zhang Linlin You were crazy back then. In that case Saying that will kill someone. Let me tell you. What's wrong? Which man do I seduce? If you don't make things clear today... Let you be reincarnated again That's him. Unexpectedly, the garden owner was shy. That's quite brave compared to love. What's wrong? Why aren't you saying anything? Aren't you quite the talker? Then tell me. Do you have a neighboring country? You've got it backwards. I have been pursuing He Siyuan But they didn't agree to my request. The Master of Xuan has good taste. He is a responsible man What's so good about Jia Li Ge? You're so biased towards him. What makes him worthy of you? He's good in every way. I feel like I'm not good enough for him. If he agrees to be with me I can laugh myself awake from my dreams. You're great too. I promise you. He Ziyu's mother is pregnant You still have the nerve to... How am I shameless? The man is unmarried and the woman is unmarried. He has feelings for me, and I have feelings for him too. That's shameless! But it's you. I think... You're using your left cheek to cover your right cheek. Thick-skinned and shameless Did I say something wrong? How are my connections with Chiayi? What does this have to do with you? Who are you to him? You don't need to worry about this. The credit for sticking it on by the pound Even dog-skin plasters would have to call you ancestor. Chiayi Brother What are you listening to him say? He was right. The matter between the two of us It has nothing to do with you I hope that in the future We kept our distance from each other. I don't want others to misunderstand. I was fooled because I deliberately tried to annoy him. That's why you shouldn't take it seriously. I know to take it slow Siyuan, there's something I need to mention. Wake up village head Those two are no pushovers! They won't let this go so easily. You still need to be more careful in the future. They want to give up, but I won't allow it. This debt I'll settle things with you sooner or later. Turtle I suffered such a huge loss. You've crawled into the hole and won't come out. Are you even a man? You say a pile of shit doesn't stink? You insist on taking a stick and stirring it up. Is this something to be proud of? You even went to someone else's place to cause trouble. You're talking nonsense, I'm your wife. Can I just ignore this? In front of outsiders That's all I can say. Don't think I don't know. What are you? If it weren't for my dad Can you become the village chief? You said you're usually quite capable. Why this time? In a timid little girl In front of the film What a huge setback! Bah, what a timid person! I think he's all talk and no action. Looking back now, I'm terrified. That's strange to me. I don't care about this time You have to get revenge for me. Step on that little bitch or How am I supposed to go out and face people after this? For me, this kind of thing Those who charge at the very front are all fools. We need to use our brains. Don't use someone else to do your dirty work. Using someone else to kill Whose knife to borrow? Sanhuzi wasn't always thinking about it. Is it the He family's homestead? I'll go add some fuel to the fire. Sanhuzi was a bandit's son! Fearless He practiced martial arts and was imprisoned. If you ask him to deal with that little bitch That's like an eagle eating a chick! A little brat like me dares to mess with me? I'll make you suffer a horrible death. Ouch What are you guys standing there for? Let's get started, hahaha! Hurry up and stop dawdling here. Give me a hard time and force myself on you! Do you think I'll agree? You can't go, Yuan. If we don't go now, the land will be taken by someone else. No matter how important the land is, it's not as important as you. Mom only has you as her child. Zi finally came back If anything happens to you What should Mom do? Mom, why don't you believe me? Didn't you see me go? How do you deal with those wicked women? That's different. Although Li Guirong is powerful But she's a woman. But that brat He studied martial arts. They also frequently get into group fights. How can you stand up to them head-on? Even if he's a tough nut to crack I'll also turn him into a lion's head. Mom, don't stop me no Let's talk about this until the very end. Mom won't let you go. Listen to advice. Can't I just not go after I've eaten my fill? That's right. Listen to Mom Mom wouldn't do that. Listen to me. Come back soon, Mom, wait for my good news! Those two stinky women are going to stop us. Will this affect our ability to start construction? Those two women wouldn't dare. If they dare to come I won't use the surname Hu anymore. Am I one of them? Then you can change your surname to He. Isn't this the He family girl? My house broke ground today. You're here to help. yes Such a big thing as relocating your family's ancestral graves Can I not come to help? What are you saying? I also want to ask you what you're doing. This is my family's homestead. Who gave you permission to work on it? It was your gambling-addicted father who agreed. I did something important for him. He promised to give me this plot of land. But your grandfather didn't agree. He told me to keep a close eye on him. You good-for-nothing grandson You're talking nonsense, my grandfather died a long time ago. You don't need to get involved. He said it was just a dream. Our ancestors did not accumulate good deeds. I gave birth to a grandson like you. Making up lies and doing bad things Be careful not to bring trouble upon your whole family and get struck by lightning. If there's no way to verify this... You brought this up too. Yeah, my dad's not home either. How can I compete with you then? I think you have your head on your head. Just to make up for the height difference. Based on a single, unsubstantiated statement They just want to seize my homestead! Stop arguing with me. I'm definitely getting this plot of land. The village chief supports me Stand on my side I knew it That old bastard didn't do anything good. How about it There's nothing more to say, isn't there? Since the village chief has agreed Well, I have nothing to say then. You now Then the ancestral graves can be moved to his house. Don't even mention moving ancestral graves. Even if it's about recognizing ancestors and the village chief as father That's your freedom. But don't even think about my family's homestead. No one has the right to start construction on it. Don't assume that just because you're a woman... I have to give in to you. Believe it or not, I'll beat you up. Want to take action? Don't destroy me, hahaha! So, girl, did you see that? If you know what's good for you, get lost. Otherwise, he would be your principal. How much foot bath water did you drink? I think your athlete's foot is worse than your breath. You just hit your head with a brick and that's it. I see you It would be better to smash this brick on his head. They can still extort money from me even if I bleed. I don't have time. I'm wasting my breath talking to you. Get out of the way If you don't get out of the way, I'll get rough with you. Don't be shy I'm still embarrassed How should I teach you a lesson? Hahahahahahahaha Did I hear that right? Are you trying to fight me? Let's gesture! Come on! Did you hear that? Haha, silly girl. Are you kidding me? This is a contest of fists and feet. It's not about comparing embroidery. You're so tough you couldn't even beat a chicken. You still dare to fight with our Tiger Brother? I'll kick you home Haha, sorry. Please excuse my poor appearance. Don't misunderstand, it's the "cheap" in "cheap and shameless". I advise you to save your energy. Don't let yourself be unable to cry later. I think you're asking for it! Stop! Add one brother, oh add one brother Brother Jia, you ran too fast! Brother, brother, brother The anti-breasted chicken is back! Participate in the New Heroes competition Siyuan, you don't need to worry. I will protect you Would you believe me if I said you protected him? Young man, you're a grown man Bullying a weak woman Aren't you ashamed? What did you do wrong this time? What's going on here? Brother Jia Yi's land grabbing incident in the countryside That's none of your business. Let's talk quickly. Siyan is my girlfriend Do you think I have anything to do with this? As long as I am here today Don't even think about touching a hair on her head. I don't care what your relationship is. Today is the day the Heavenly King himself arrives. Don't even think about stopping me. I'm determined to handle this today. Get out of my way! Smile, hahaha Fifth Brother, Fifth Brother Don't touch it, it's unnecessary. Commander, you really know martial arts! He doesn't know any martial arts. He has never traveled far from home since he was a child. Where can he learn martial arts? He's nothing like me! Visiting renowned teachers from south to north That's true kung fu. Really? Then what about that dog-face-fee-shit move you just did? Who did you learn it from? Could it be related to my dog, Dahuang? I don't know which martial arts book you got it from. I learned a few tricks A mediocre cat's moves I took advantage of you while you weren't looking. You actually thought you could go toe-to-toe with me? Believe it or not, I can beat you to a pulp in a minute. Smash your head I just want to ask you one question. What will you say if you lose? Kneel down and kowtow to call him Master What if you lose? Let it be disposed of Okay, hahaha Then you'll be my wife. It also made me, this old bachelor... Try this woman's taste. I think you're ugly but dreamy. You're too scared to gamble now? I knew you wouldn't have the guts. What's there to be afraid of? Siri fell for his provocation. You absolutely must not agree to his request. I'm betting, hahaha! I never imagined that I'd be a bachelor for 30 years. There's still the chance of an older man dating a younger woman. That's great! Fifth Brother, this is double happiness for you! The house construction has started! I also have a wife Haha, during the wedding night pranks! Don't forget to call your brothers! Haha, hey! Sister-in-law, are you here to steal my land? Or are they here to steal men? You'd better take it back in April. The decision just made Don't gamble with him Never gamble Don't worry I won't do things I'm not sure about. Just wait and see what happens. My lord, I can't let you go on an adventure. What if we lose? No, no. Don't worry, don't worry Someone, pull me aside! Don't ruin my good time. Hey hey hey hey Be gentle, sir. I beg you, sir. advisor I beg you You should leave quickly. It's okay, don't worry. Very good Now no one's competing with me for the top spot. Hurry up, honey. I can't wait any longer! obedient apprentice So anxious I just want to call him Master. Come on then, oh dear, oh dear, oh dear. Who else? Turtles basking in the sun is good Oh my god! I can't get up. turtle lying on its back Get out of my way, you little brat! I'll beat you to death. You think you can run away? You're asking for it! What happened? he How did you suddenly become so powerful? Master That's really something! Master, I only found out today. The stuff I used to learn It's nothing but bullshit. You are the real expert. Master, I'll follow you from now on. No no no no no I can't accept you as my apprentice. master No, Master You promised it yourself. You can't go back on your word! Hey Master! Let me go. Let go! Master, I beg you Please help me. Master, please help me. Tell my master about my grandmaster. Where are you? Master Master Master, where are you? That little bitch What kind of deity possessed him? You can't fight it You can't even scold them Should we take him? Is there really no other way? If I can't even do a small thing If even He Siyuan can't handle it Bai is in this position I've been here for so many years So what's your solution? He Siyuan That gambling-addicted father owed 3,000 yuan. He's still owing gambling debts. Help! Don't hit me! Help! Stop hitting me! Help! Don't hit me! Ah, it's okay, it's okay. I found out your dad was drunk and was chasing after me to hit me. What's wrong with me? What's wrong? It's nothing. How do you usually abuse me? Why do I keep having this kind of dream? Haven't you seen enough of this since you were a child? How could that be? Uh, after I drowned. Some memory loss Ah, please stop hitting me. I'm going to get beaten to death. My business is none of your concern. Any more and I'll beat you up too. Mom, why don't you divorce this scumbag? Are you saving it for the New Year? How could I dare? Your dad threatens to kill you the moment you mention divorce. Knives and guns I'm not afraid of death. I'm afraid he'll treat your mother... Don't worry about the future. I'll back you up. He will never dare to bully you again. That bastard of a father He was heavily in debt Hiding outside every day The debt collectors are being harassed every day. How are we going to make ends meet? It's just a mere 3,000 yuan. Don't worry, I've got it covered. Take a rest. Sleep more Um Pay back the money What you fear most is what happens. Why did all the debt collectors come at once? Big brother is here! Come, come, come, have a seat. What a load of crap! I'm here to collect a debt. I'm not here as a guest. If you don't pay me back, I'm going to demolish your house. Didn't we already agree on this? We'll discuss this when Lao He gets back. Hmph, wait for him Who knows when he'll be back? Besides, isn't it you two, husband and wife? They're putting on a show, aren't they? Heaven and earth bear witness Although our family is poor But they still have a conscience. Absolutely will not dry This kind of heinous thing I really don't know where he is. Saying those nonsense is useless. If he dies outside We're going to lose all this money. If he's not there, you have to pay back the money. Even if you force me, it won't work. I'm driven to my death You won't get a single penny either. I do have a method. I don't know if you'd be willing. You said as long as you can pay back the money I'd do anything, even be a slave. You're too old. Let your girl go sell soon Then you can pay back the money. Maybe You can still earn some Let my brothers come back We'll lend you some business opportunities too. Here you go Say it again It doesn't matter if I say it 100 times. I'm just sending your girl to sell her body. How about repaying the debt? Huh's mom handed it over to me. Don't get your hands dirty Can I ask you a question? What are your zodiac signs? I was born in the Year of the Dog. No, if you ask me... You must be a spinning top. The spinning top is under-flicked snort Huh, you're a water snake with a hot temper and a need for a hammer. You're like a broken-down motorcycle that deserves a kick. Are you alright? Look how big he's grown! At least figure out the Chinese zodiac. You haven't lived in vain, you owe money and you even hit people? Ah, our family owes money. You three deserve a beating This code is a single code. Since you've already fought... Now you should pay me back. So what if you can fight? If you don't pay me back today, I'm not done with you. Know it yourself The whole village should judge and decide. Look at you, owing money and then assaulting people, isn't that right? This money is a shady gambling debt. I've turned being a complete scoundrel into this state. You guys are indispensable. However, I agree to this amount. I only wish to repay his kindness in raising me. Once this money is paid off I don't owe him anything anymore. Two days later This 3,000 yuan I will return every penny to you. I have the advantage of being reborn Earning 3,000 yuan is so easy! I'll go buy a football bet in no time. Yeah, where do you find leeks these days? Hi This is where the opportunity to make money comes from, isn't it? I've seen this kind of ceramic jar on TV. It's someone else's antique. Wait until I take it back Wouldn't 10 x 3,000 yuan be enough? It's still not right. In just two short days Where am I supposed to find a discerning buyer? Wow, a reward of 5,000 yuan! If I catch this guy... Wouldn't I become incredibly wealthy? What are you thinking? This is a nationwide wanted notice. What a coincidence! He just happened Hidden in our small city Furthermore Look at him, he used to be a mercenary. Very skilled If you meet him They're just asking for death. You should keep your own business in check. My own little plot of land. Oh, I remember now. This person It really is hidden in our city. And he even disguised himself as a scavenger. It was only revealed more than 20 years later. I'll catch him then. Even if you meet me You're unlucky. Siyuan, oh Siyuan Holding Thank you. I can't accept something for nothing. Unrelated Why should I take your money? Siyuan, why are you being so distant with me? Let alone a mere 3,000 yuan. They want my life. I will give it to you without hesitation. I understand your feelings. However, you really don't need this money. I've already figured out a way to make money. Siyuan, don't lie to me. That's 3,000 yuan. It's not 30 yuan. You're such a young girl Two days Where can I find such a large sum of money? Look over there So what if I saw it? Once I catch this murderer... Then hand it over to the police. The 5,000 yuan was obtained. After paying off the debt, there's still 2,000 left. sister You don't have a fever, do you? Don't touch me, I'm serious. It can help the police arrest A murderer who endangers public order He was able to use the reward to pay off his debts. Wouldn't that be the best of both worlds? Siyuan, what nonsense are you talking about? The police had laid a tight net. The person who couldn't be caught You think you can just catch it like that? You're a fairy! Maybe I'm a god. The legendary fairy Stop following me. You don't know martial arts. They'll only become a burden to me in the future. The uncle asked you to inquire about someone. You don't recognize me yet, and I haven't even said who you are. You said you don't know I'm a garbage collector. I don't know anyone. I guarantee you know this person. Deng Hongliang You recognized me. Yes, you are ruthless to others. He's also ruthless to himself. Not only did he grow a beard It even burned scars on my face. It already matches the photo on the wanted poster. Difficult to match But you can fool others. You can't hide it from me Very well, then I'll have to kill them to silence them. But I was quite surprised. Why didn't you call the police? Aren't you afraid of dying? because I want the 5,000 yuan reward! If the police are called... I can't take that much. Then go to the underworld to collect it. Siri It's alright. I'll be there even if you die. It's okay, it's okay. Ahhh Okay, okay I'm not saying you can't come. Why are you here again? How can I feel at ease if I don't go with you? Look I didn't want to be a burden to you this time. Instead, he acts as your protector. Do you admit it or not? This is the first time I've held you. It feels so good Break through this angle Ziyuan Are you really a fairy? I could tell she was hiding here with a quick calculation. Otherwise, how can this be explained? I've seen her before. So we got to know each other. Comrade He Siyuan You've done a great job! On behalf of the police, I would like to express my gratitude to you. At that time We'll hold another commendation ceremony for you. No need for thanks This is the duty of every citizen. It's that 5,000 yuan. Could you please honor this promise? Haha, don't worry. This is from our public security department. Solemn promise We will not break our promise to the people. I guarantee you'll get it. It just requires a process. Could you give me this now? Oh, is that so? Director Zhou We urgently need some money for emergency relief. Okay, let's make an exception for this case. Oh right Director, could you do me another favor? Could you help me out? Commendation Conference Move to our town to open That way my mom can be proud of me. no problem Why hasn't the child come back yet? It's been two days already. Is something bad going to happen? Didn't you say you'd pay me back today? Oh, I already had money in my pocket. My daughter has been away for two days. I don't know where she went. I'm also like this. Is it urgent? What? You mean there's no money now? The person also slipped away. You two stinking women Are you trying to make a fool of me? No wonder that little girl dared Ask him a question They've already taken all the grass and left Jiudinglou. Like father, like daughter Each one more shameless than the last. Pah! Don't talk nonsense! Yu'er is my daughter No one knows her better than me. She would never abandon me. I think you're all rotten inside but not in the mouth. Now tell me where he is. You, as a mother You don't even know where your daughter is? This woman is truly pitiful. Her husband doesn't want her anymore. Her daughter doesn't want her anymore either. It turned into mud on my feet It will fall off if you shake it. Haha, if I were you! He grew a block of tofu long ago and died from it. No, it's not my daughter. I know I don't believe what you're saying. Pay me back today! You should repay the money; believe your daughter. How could my daughter disappoint you? Only two days I forgot what my own surname was. Should I help you recall again? Hey, stop it! Didn't we say we were here to pay back the money today? Your money will come to everyone. What is the use? What we want is money. I don't believe you can get 3,000 yuan. Unless the sun rises in the west Then open your dog eyes wide! Look carefully How does the sun rise in the west? Take your 3,000 yuan. Get out of here right now! Hanging around in front of me again Be careful, or I'll beat you so badly you won't be able to take care of yourselves. Eating depends on someone pushing you Walking requires feeding Having many children and grandchildren all depends on help. The girl has only been here for two days. Where did you get so much money? What is this? I have many ways to make money. From now on, I'll enjoy a life of luxury with my daughter. I think enjoying happiness is the exact opposite. He Siyuan's good days are over Get ready to go back and pack your bags for jail. It seems you still couldn't resist jumping up. I knew it was you guys at the front desk a long time ago. Scheming behind the scenes I have no idea what you're talking about. I am the director of the Wagyu Institute, and I received the report. I'm reporting you for suspected illegal or criminal activities. Hehehe, is that so? I have heard that. Many people have praised you. You're the ultimate scoundrel! VIP among perverts Should we give an acceptance speech? He Siren, shut up! Tell me where this money came from. Does this have anything to do with me? Of course they are related. With whom? I am the village head and also the head of public security. To protect the safety of the villagers Did you know? Whoever does something illegal I will definitely spare no one. What makes you think I did something illegal? And what gives you the right to say that this money belongs to me? It's from an illegitimate source. My child, are you performing magic? You have no capital. Wow, they've swindled so much money in just two days! Whoever you tell will believe you. Right? I dare say. This money of yours... It was either stolen or obtained by deception All I can say is... People with heart conditions see everything as dirty. You should drink more cleaning solution. Sharp teeth and sharp tongue You think you can get away with it just by denying it? I'll ask you one last time. Where did this money come from? I studied fortune telling for a few years. How about I tell your fortune? Who do you think you are? Why are you questioning me? Commander Niu, did you see that? These are the stones in the latrine. Stinky and hard No hits, no hits The rest is up to you. Come with me. What law did I break? Why should you take me away? I asked you what law you broke. What law did you break? You have to leave today, whether you like it or not. You have to go, whether you want to or not. Hey, let's see who can move! Hey, where did you come from? shouting and yelling Open your dog eyes and see clearly! Lao Tzu's territory Hey Director Zhou How did you get here? Why didn't you say hello? Which Director Zhou? Which Director Zhou is there? Of course it's me. They Director Zhou Zhouzhou of Yunzhou Public Security Bureau Director Zhou, if I had given you a heads-up How could anyone know? Is this how you're handling cases now? You must be the village chief here. Still don't know Do you think you're the local tyrant? When is this your territory? Whom do you lord it over now? What about Lao Tzu? Director Zhu, you've misunderstood. There must be a misunderstanding. I saw you bullying others by taking advantage of your power. Seeing that you two are wearing the same pair of pants I didn't see it. Misunderstanding of Director Zhu It must be a misunderstanding. You must have been influenced by this girl. I was scammed by the scammer This girl... I don't know where to punch. Through illegal channels I earned 5,000 yuan in just two days. Director Niu and I received a report. The two of us investigated and found out the truth. You yourself don't know How did the money come about? Why should I recruit people? This senior This is 5,000 yuan. If it weren't for 50, how could he be so fast? How can you earn so much money? That must have been obtained illegally. So you don't need evidence. Does that mean we can just arrest people arbitrarily? I solemnly declare He Siyuan's 5,000 yuan came from Upright and honorable He personally apprehended the key criminal. This is our public security organ Awarded The news of Zhou Hongliang's arrest in our area So he's the one who arrested him? This is... this is... this is unlikely, right? Were you scammed by this guy? You want the national police They couldn't catch this wanted criminal. She caught this country girl. That's impossible! That's the kind of thing. How could you make a mistake? We came here today We need to hold an awards ceremony. On behalf of our public security organs Ordinary heroes like He Siyuan Expressing gratitude You can't believe how amazing this little girl is! That wanted criminal used to be a bald soldier. He kills without blinking an eye. The problem is How did he know about the money? However, some things are just too strange. Remember From now on, you must never offend him, no matter who you are. Double-click, it's just double-click. Is this true? Is that a dream? Of course not In a while When I went up to receive the award You should help me out too. Let's go up together and take a group photo. This won't do. Hehe, why not? Why won't that work? You raised a good daughter Half of her credit goes to you. start I'm so angry! Don't fall. If you keep smashing things, your house will be gone. What kind of thing did you do? They lost both their wives and their troops. That little bitch now has a powerful backer. How are we supposed to move around after this? We can't move. That doesn't mean others can't do anything about it. The solution was your idea. Otherwise, what's the point of having a brain? What kind of zombie noodles do you want? What is a bad idea? Quickly say it, oh dear! brine for making tofu One thing subdues another. Who are they, mother and daughter, most afraid of? His gambling-addicted father... No matter how powerful He Siyuan is Seeing his old father Isn't that like a mouse seeing a cat? I was terrified of being beaten since I was a child. Even if he has powerful backers It's only natural for a father to discipline his daughter. Who can interfere? But that gambler He went to hide from his debt collectors. We can't find him now. That gambling addict of his is really sharp. I want to let the wind out. The gambling debts have been paid off. And winning money He heard this news That's faster than a rabbit! They'll get what's coming to you then. Haha, give it a try! New Year's Day What clothes are you buying me? Oh well, I'll give it a try! Let's go and give it a try Okay, I'll give it a try. See? Doesn't she look at least 10 years younger? The color of this dress is too light. Is it not quite suitable for me? If you ask me... It's not that the color of the clothes is too light. Your old clothes are all too outdated. You're only in your early forties! The debt has been paid off. 2,000 remaining Please keep this money. Don't be fooled by that So much money I'm rich! Why are you here? Nonsense, this is my home. Lao Tzu is the head of the family. When I come back, is it up to you to agree? Now I know he's the head of the household. When I was framed and lost my life Where are you, the head of the household? Sanhuzi brought people. When they seized our homestead That damned girl You've grown up. Who gave you such audacity? How dare you talk to me like that? Don't take our patience for you for granted. Treat it as capital for your shamelessness You have a mountain of gambling debts. When they ran away We'll have to clean up your mess. Now that I see my family has money... He came back with his big face again. You, the head of the household We don't care You don't hit me for three days Climbing onto the roof and removing the tiles Do you believe I'll slap you to death? You take a picture Kill me first Don't think I wouldn't dare. Mom, don't get involved in this. I'll keep the money safe. Don't touch that, it's my money. This is the money I earned from catching wanted criminals. You won't get a single penny. You brat, I raised you from scratch. Your money is my money. When will you take care of me? All you do every day is drink and gamble. My mom worked so hard The little money dug up from the ground You squandered it all. You are the one in our family The biggest liability without you My mom wouldn't have had such a hard life. So tired, no matter what I call you Father If there's anything I still owe you... I've also paid off the 3,000 yuan. I'm putting my words here today. If you ever dare to bully my mom again I won't let you get away with this. brat I'm going to teach you a lesson today. You want me to fly today? you are He is, after all, your biological father. good You wait and see. You just wait. Where are you going? Mom, I need to go and earn some money. Deposit the money in the bank Hmph, but I don't trust you. It's been so many years. Your dad can't eat me, can he? I'll go quickly and come back soon. Be careful on the road Don't go! You brat, I'll beat you up too! You dared to bully my mom Kumaji I'm going to beat you to death today! Let you experience the taste of domestic violence. Eat less tofu at home In rural areas It's not a big deal if a husband hits his wife. But if you hit your father If word gets out, you'll never be able to get married. If I can't get married, then I won't get married. I'm going to beat him to death today. Make him never dare to bully you again. you can't do that Mom, this is it. I've already rented it. You can rest here in peace. The environment here Isn't it much better than home? It's good now. I can't even make it home in time. What is home? Home is where love is. You and that abusive man So many years together Can you really find a sense of home? mom What are you going to do next? What else can we do? Once your dad calms down Let's go back. Mom, I finally understand. What does it mean to have pitiful people? There must be something hateful about it. You've been a victim of domestic violence for so many years It's time to look for the reasons within ourselves. Marry a chicken, follow the chicken Marry a dog, follow the dog What else can I do? If you ask me, I believe my fate is in my own hands, not in the hands of heaven. No one can control our destiny. Mom, you can't keep making this mistake. You have to listen to me this time. What do you want me to do? Divorce Divorce What's wrong with that? You can get a divorce if you choose the right person. Holy crap, this era... Rural people still have such outdated ideas? Take our village as an example. There are also quite a few women who suffer from domestic violence. Not one of them got divorced. Then you can be the first one. A person only lives once. Why can't we be brave for once? Your First Half of Life It's all been ruined by this abusive man. Does this mean I have to sacrifice the rest of my life? Are you going? The villagers' spittle will drown me. No, Mom We live for ourselves. Not for others daughter I'll listen to you. Come on, Lao He! I heard you got beaten up by your daughter. He was beaten pretty badly. You fart I beat them both up. They didn't dare to utter a sound. Then the mother and daughter ran away from home. He hasn't come back yet. That's because they're afraid of me. After I calmed down Only then did they dare to come back. But don't worry. I'll settle the score with them when they arrive. So, you came back obediently, didn't you? Go get your dad a glass of water Hehehe Please don't sit anywhere. Sit, sit, sit Hurry up and sit down. Playing around, time to pour water? Come on, come on, haha! Borrowing food without remembering the Party's things So fast Have you all forgotten what I told you? I dare not, I dare not We didn't gamble. Just playing cards It was your dad who invited us here. Thinking about you won't make me angry. Let's go, let's go, let's go. No one is allowed to leave. I need you to be my witnesses. Hey, this is our He family's house. I am the head of the family. when It's your turn to make the decisions, you little brats! In the future... You can now rest assured and be the head of your household. Because of this family. Only you Divorce Agreement That damn woman dares to divorce me! You dare not do this if I don't beat you to death? I tell you Just letting you know We're definitely getting a divorce. If you don't sign this agreement Then we'll file a lawsuit. Just wait and see. Mom, let's go. It's all over, it's all over. My wife is gone My daughter is gone too. Old He's life is over. No, I'll kill you. I can't get a divorce. Please forgive me, my wife. Please come home with me. If I hit you again May I be reborn as an octopus-like giant turtle in my next life. What did this turtle do to you? To treat people like this... Wife begs Please give me a chance. I'll treat you really well from now on. I think you're quite good at acting. Why don't you become an actor? Anyway, in a few years, ugly celebrities will be popular. Then you must not be soft-hearted. If a dog could be changed to eat shit This isn't a dog. Let's go. Get up, men! Have some backbone, okay? Village Chief Women these days are really out of control! You have to stand up for me! Okay, okay. Wang Siyuan My long-awaited opportunity has finally arrived, sorry. Siyuan, you should leave now. The village chief is gathering people. They want to criticize and denounce you in the village's ancestral hall. What era are we living in? There were also denunciation meetings. The village chief said you are extremely rebellious. They will deal with you using the patriarchal system. Anyway, you should leave quickly. I can't leave I'm leaving. This crime can never be cleared. But no buts. I absolutely have to go today. Mom, come with me. Okay, no matter what happens Mom is on your side Have you all heard about this, folks? Ah, our village! A shameful act of betrayal against everyone has occurred. Oh dear, my daughter hit her father! It's absolutely outrageous! Come and see Take a look, everyone. See, everyone has seen it. Ugh, that's inhuman! He even dared to hit his own father! What a vicious heart! Yes, I heard that. Or is he their adoptive father? Otherwise, it's because they kindly adopted him back then. He Siyuan, ah. He died outside long ago. Really What a complete ingrate! What about He Siyuan? Make him get out here. Accept the punishment of justice Yes, so many people One person, one spit He could also drown. What a bad woman! Did they run away? Who said I ran away? Oh dear I never expected this. He Siyuan, you still dare to come? What do I have to be afraid of? Reason prevails everywhere You, a daughter, actually hit your father! Hmph, you still think you're right? Whether I'm right or wrong isn't up to you. Bats with chicken feathers stuck in their bodies Forgot what kind of bird it is You dare not Dare to speak to the audience? What have you been doing lately? Which woman in the village has he set his sights on now? Your fellow villagers You'd better keep a close eye on your wives. Some people Wearing clothes makes him a beast in human clothing. He's a beast when he takes off his clothes. Han So-won, don't change the subject. Let me tell you... I'm here today to handle your matter. It was your fault for hitting your father. You are outrageous! right If I were to protect my mother I accidentally hit her once That's outrageous! So, to wantonly commit domestic violence against someone Fighting for decades Covered in scars This is unacceptable to the forces of nature. The hair here It was literally ripped off alive. This was done with a whip. This was scalded with boiling water. This is kicking with a foot. One time, while my mother was asleep... I want to secretly count How many injuries did she have? But there are simply too many to count. I have one more question. Such a heinous act Is your heart soft or not? If you want to deal with me But before dealing with me Should we deal with him first? This is not the same thing. Yes, yes, he beats his wife. You hit your father This is different. Sisters, did you all hear that? The village chief's meaning is You can hit your wife. Women can also get a beating. They deserved to be beaten. I want to ask a question You heard this sentence What are your thoughts? You're talking nonsense. That's not what I meant. What do you mean? No wonder you climb any pole you see. Seek opportunities How many girls, young and old, have you ruined in the village? So you didn't treat them like human beings? You tried every means Instigate your father to divorce I did it. Is there anything wrong with this? Better to demolish ten temples Not to break up a marriage You instigated your father's divorce You are the one who blocks my way from a thousand miles away. Not afraid of stray dogs biting people I'm afraid stray dogs will talk like humans. Please stop nagging me. This matter I made it clear to the villagers. Fellow villagers, I have a question What is the purpose of our marriage? Is it for Let's create a warm home together Think in the same direction exert all efforts in one direction Let's maintain it together. But a marriage If it brings you Countless scars Endless bitterness Unpayable debts So why should we maintain... This kind of deadly marriage Why can't we get a divorce openly and honestly? Just because we are women? Just because we are the weak? No, I, He Siyuan, refuse to accept this fate. Good, good, well said This is a declaration of independence for women in the new era. We must break free from the shackles of feudalism. Only then can we adapt to this brand new era. This this this Gu Jiayi is a college student! He agreed with what He Suiyuan said. I also think He Suiyuan is right. It felt like being woken up by a blow. Don't listen to his fallacies and misleading statements. Every couple has their ups and downs. Who gets divorced so easily? Yes or no Can you please stop talking when your brain is splattered with scum? Are you a good fit for this topic? The disgusting things you and your husband did Even picking up manure is too smelly. Even scavengers find it dirty. This kind of person still hasn't gotten a divorce. This only proves that you and he are birds of a feather. What else can this prove? Stop spouting such nonsense. Nobody knows what you are. How could I not know? Your parents must be very humorous. otherwise How could such a joke like you be born? I only have one piece of advice for you. Love and marriage are a two-way journey. It's not like a dog skin plaster that's forcibly stuck to you. That mouth is amazing! I want one-third of him It's not that bad. I get bullied every few days I'm getting married soon. I heard my future mother-in-law is particularly difficult. I wish I had that ability. Your mouth skills Could you teach us? I'm willing to pay tuition. As long as you are willing to learn I'm willing to teach without charging tuition. Haha, in real life We must put people first. but Facing other scumbags who bully us No need to be polite Just three words to shut them down Fight back! Fight back! Some people said I was cunning when I retorted. How to roast someone exactly what you need I'll give you two. Of course, some people also said Flies don't land on eggs without cracks. You're a fly, so you call the shots. If you're not convinced, let's have a one-on-one fight. You're manure! Why bother picking a joke? Hahaha Having said so much It's my turn to test you. If someone says you're stupid How should I respond? You're the stupid one! You're the stupid one! You're the stupid one. It was all in vain. Teacher, this is too difficult. Can you consider the specific circumstances? Give us a lesson OK Your parents and brother are here. They're making a scene at your house right now. What These are your biological parents who abandoned you before. Oh, them Didn't they already come before? Has this happened twice? Teacher, where do you go to teach your field lessons? You all go together Hand over my daughter now! Otherwise, I'm not finished with you today. stop You're finally back! Come home with us quickly. That's right, this is our second time here. Things shouldn't happen more than three times. No matter what I say today You have to come back with me. sure But you have to give me a reason. Ah, we are your biological parents. That reason isn't enough. Yeah, do I have biological parents? Was I not abandoned at birth? Could it be that they haven't been born yet? Strange, I haven't seen that brat for days. It's like she's a completely different person. How come your mouth is so sharp? We can't bear to part with it either. But there's really no other way. There were many children in the family back then. This is simply too expensive to support. You guys are chefs, right? So good at shifting blame Unable to afford to raise children Who is this? There must be a boy in this house. This rural area If there are no sons in the family Can't even make a proper appearance? And now we have a son too. This doesn't seem very clever. The cerebellum being pushed down by the cerebrum. But at least he's a guy. Why are you looking for me again? Now that our conditions are better I just wanted to take you back. Hey, hey, don't lend it! Your teeth look quite straight. Why do you always lisp when you speak? I am an object. Borrow if you want Throw it away if you want. Oh my! I'm not feeling good about it either. I can't sleep every night. I'm always thinking about how to make it up to you. These are heartfelt words. But I think... This heartfelt honesty isn't enough. It would be best to remove the kidneys as well. But I don't care about them. Only fit to feed dogs Let's discuss this properly. You're really pushing your luck! That's just how I am. If you don't like it You'd better gouge your eyeballs out. There are no parents who are wrong. We're doing this for your own good. You'd better find another poor man in this lousy place. Your life is ruined. We've found you a good family. You'll marry him. They can enjoy happiness for a lifetime. No wonder No wonder you were all so eager to bring me back. These abacus beads are about to hit my face! Having a daughter but not raising her They want to use her to exchange for a bride price again. Tear off your faces It can be worn as a bulletproof vest Why waste so much breath on him? Just take it directly. Son came to help Someone was killed Orphan girl beats her own mother to death Is he dead? Please confirm. If you dare to die, I dare to bury you. So many people are watching. Don't embarrass yourself here. Besides What kind of parents are these? It's true that you can find all kinds of birds in a big forest. People like that don't deserve to be parents? Pah! What organization is wrong? That couple is so wicked. Just saying a few words to them isn't enough to vent my anger. We need to think of a way. Give them a good beating Why don't we go and discuss it with Gu Jiaye? Let's see if he has any good ideas. Lego Oh scumbag What are you doing here again, looking for your mother? Don't touch me! I find you dirty. Go buy me some hand sanitizer. Daughter, don't be angry with your mother. We are mother and daughter There's no such thing as a grudge that lasts overnight. Mom bought you a watch Do you like it? All I want to say is that I bought a watch last year. Stop being so stubborn and suffering for the sake of saving face. Your arms are completely bare. What kind of table is there? Given your adoptive mother's family's circumstances Where would I get the money to buy you a watch? You're not a child anymore. What would be most beneficial to you? Don't you understand? Follow me and you'll have a good life. I'll introduce you to that blind date. The family is rolling in money You'll be laughing in your sleep if you marry him! Look at you, you're practically drooling! Or you can just pounce on it yourself. You can throw away your own daughter anyway. What is a husband? Don't talk nonsense We begged them for a long time. Your dad is a subordinate of a big boss. begging and pleading They only agreed then. Let your son meet you. you mean Your family makes a living off this. Someone else's finger leaked a little oil That's enough for our whole family to eat and drink our fill. His family is incredibly wealthy. Okay, I agree. This is my adorable daughter! Okay, that's enough. I'm going to make that rich kid pay. It's not over yet that I've destroyed your livelihoods. I'll also post the blind date information. I'm so angry at that scumbag! What are you doing, Mom? Prepare two pieces of clothing for you to take with you. Isn't it going to get cold soon? Prepare two thick ones Save your energy. Are you really going to send me away? No need to keep a single one I'll be back in a couple of days. What nonsense are you talking about, kid? When you get there You must listen to what they say. Stop running around all the time. Don't worry your parents Here I am During future holidays I'm so happy you could come visit my mom. What are you thinking, Mom? You thought I would really recognize those scumbags. Being a parent They don't deserve it. Under this world... How can there be two mothers? You are my mother for life. I'll still ask you to be my mother in my next life. Then you don't need to ask anything. Ouch! Miss He, right? Hey, I, Guo Baoshan, am very happy to see you. It's an honor to meet you. You are here I'm afraid I won't be able to see clearly if I get too close. Haha, nice to meet you! Hey, sit down, sit down, sit down, sit down, sit down You're too kind. I'm already very grateful that you stood me up. Why do you talk like that? Isn't there an idiom like that? Breaking promises for personal gain You've gotten so fat! How many times should we be rewarded with this monthly stipend? Haha, Miss He, you're so funny! Hahaha, I wouldn't dare! Miss He I'm talking to you. It could be considered love at first sight. I want to continue our relationship. What part of me do you like? I can change it, okay? Oh, I've got my eye on everything! You will definitely not regret choosing me. I have plenty Hey, I know you even if you don't say it. Some are meat But I've never really liked eating this since I was little. Big fat meat! What I mean is, I have plenty of money. Who doesn't like money in this society? Actually I think being fat has its advantages too. Wear more fabric when you wear clothes. Don't get stuck if you fall into a well. It won't be blown away by strong winds. Most importantly You won't get sunburned even if you're right next to me. So you've agreed to my request? Hehehehe Who said I agreed? I don't like boorish people. Hey, who said I'm a boorish person? Actually, you're in my heart It still has some weight. I'm so glad you said that. Please don't misunderstand. A person of your stature I am not worthy of your presence. Goodbye elder brother This is fantastic news! Mr. Gao's son saw our daughter. Really? How could it be fake? Young Master Gao came to me personally. Let me help make this happen. There's no need to promote it. We wish Is that right? My daughter isn't. We are not suitable What's wrong with it? It's not suitable anywhere Look how prosperous they are! Standing there dressed in designer brands The style immediately came. Me? They don't even have a decent set of clothes. She doesn't look good standing next to others. Even if he doesn't say anything Outsiders will laugh at it. Will things get better if this continues? Those kinds of people are all concerned about saving face. It's just a few pieces of clothing, I'll buy them all! find out about this These new clothes, one by one Why are they all so expensive? Low-end goods are cheap. It's better not to buy it. Cheap but short-sighted Do you agree? Bring these Image The improvement in temperament is more than just a little bit. The key is that my self-confidence has also increased. Eat up! I'll take them all! How much would all of these cost in total? These add up to a total of 1,250 yuan. What's wrong It's nothing. You look really good wearing these. Even Mom couldn't help but gasp in surprise. What? Say it again. What courses did you sign up for? Piano, painting, calligraphy, vocal music, dance, flower arrangement besides Your parents' money grew on trees. Couldn't you have listed fewer items? Do you think I wanted this? I'm doing this for your own good. Marriage is not just a matter between two people. It's a matter between two families. Look how different their family conditions are! This is the only way I can do it. Narrowing this tiny gap If you don't want to Then forget it. If this continues... The little money at home He quickly emptied it all. Even if you don't feel sorry for me, I do. How could I not feel heartbroken? That's money! Don't forget that sentence. You can't catch a wolf without risking your cub. She was going to marry Gao Baoshan. We've become in-laws with the Gao family. What great benefits! A single investment yields huge profits! That's right, I'm so proud of you! Going all out These two adulterers Stop daydreaming I'll make you vomit more blood. I feel sorry for the original owner who was abandoned. You gave me Even though you married me, come back to me. I promise you won't regret it. Siyuan Put it on quickly This is a ring I bought especially for you. It cost a total of 60,000 yuan. Your fingers are thicker than carrots. Exchange rings with you I lost so much money Let's just break up, we're not compatible. Ai Siyuan The next one is going to die Are you satisfied now? You wicked devil! What did you say, next? Blown On the way back I accidentally fell into the ditch He was lying in the hospital bed Everyone is calling your name What exactly did you do to him? You can't die next. I'll never forgive you if you die. The person with the leg injury Gu Jiayin, how could you be so silly? I was lying to you. From beginning to end You are the only one in my heart I thought you were dead. I haven't confessed my feelings to you yet. How could he die? Zhang Lili said you're dying. I thought it was real. He deliberately provoked you. Besides, you're so smart How could I fall for this kind of trick? I don't know either I was completely stunned. It's all my fault If I had confessed my feelings to you earlier... There wouldn't be so many misunderstandings. Boys of your generation That's so stupid What do you mean by that? I didn't understand. oh oh oh What's wrong? The wound hurts again. Serves you right If it weren't for your entanglement with Jiang Ling How could things end up like this? Let's see if you dare to do it again. Hey, don't just talk about me. You also need to break things off with Gao Baoshan. He's not some kind of dog-shit plaster. You think everyone is like you? I already made it clear to him. He won't come looking for me again. In short, Ah Siyuan What grudge do I have against you? That's not fair! You're only after this pretty boy? Reject me Hey, in what way is he better than me? Forced love is never sweet. Why force something like this? I'm going to force it today. No one can take it away You little brat I'll give you 100,000 yuan. What if I leave the joint venture park? A mere 100,000 yuan That's what makes you so arrogant. Do you know how funny you are? That's really shameless! You're just a poor village doctor. Have you ever seen 100,000 yuan? What does it look like? If you really like He Siyuan You should withdraw voluntarily. Only I can bring her happiness. On what grounds? Why should I rely on my family's wealth and power? We can crush you, you poor wretch. Because we are a partner of Gujia in the provincial capital Promising future Gujia in the provincial capital You haven't heard of it, have you? That is The leading company in the provincial capital Our family will be here 3 days from now. A grand ceremony will be held. We welcome their visit and guidance. Discuss matters related to the next stage of cooperation. You can come and see for yourself then. Let's see what a real grand spectacle looks like. Let's take a look The gap between you and me I arrived on time I'm waiting for you. Hmph, that's good now. Why are you arguing with him? Let's see how you handle this. I never fight a battle I'm not sure I can win. A toad lusting after a swan. Please stay away from our house as soon as possible. Let me see you at my doorstep again Beat them every time you see them Now Now you know the risks of dating me, right? Are you scared? What do you think? Wait for me next time. Come on, I'll give you a surprise! Give them a scare Siyuan, you need to break up with him right away. In what way can I compare to Young Master Gao? Look at his poor, shabby appearance! They look like three generations of poverty. We won't become in-laws with them. They say the eyes are the windows to the soul. Your eyes It's time to find a rag and wipe it clean. And are you born with an appendix? It can cause inflammation. Do you want me to cut it for you? Shh, don't speak, listen The garbage collectors are here. Be careful, I'll take you away. How is it? This is quite a spectacle, isn't it? If your pretty boy comes... Did he freeze in fear? Ah, thank goodness that kid is smart. Choosing to be a coward Or what? I'm definitely going to make him lose face today. Becoming the richest person isn't easy. The art of flattery We also have to save a trick. You don't understand. Others want to take pictures but can't. That's the Gu family from the provincial capital. Things that leaked between someone's fingers That's enough to make my Gao family a fortune. If we can further cooperate This island, belonging to the Gao family, is the richest in the country. If I were to become one of you two, He Siyuan and I would be yours. The richest man's in-laws They have such a good relationship! Hahaha, our ancestors must have been blessed with good fortune! We will help you wipe them out. There is an update on General Manager Gao's situation. There has been a change in the chief agent of the Gu Group. Why isn't Vice President Zheng here? Vice President Zheng became an attendant The chief agent has been replaced by the young master of the Gu family. Young Master of the Gu Family This weight is far greater than that of a vice president. It seems the Gu Group values us highly. Everyone was thinking of temporarily replacing the candidate. The car is here! Like this... Everyone, cheer up! Banners are unfurled Firecrackers went off How could this be? I didn't see that wrong, did I? How could it be him? Welcome, Young Master Gu! It is an honor Somewhat unexpected Really? How could it be Young Master Gu? What is impossible? However, I don't like this identity. But it is a mark I was born with. Now you understand, right? Those things you are proud of It's within my grasp. And it's hundreds or thousands of times more than you. But I don't care at all. If it weren't to discourage you from trying... No longer close to Siyuan I am now No one wanted to reveal their identity. Wang Shan, do you know Young Master Gu? What about you young people? It's just right, we respect and love each other. Turn around Learn more from Young Master Gu I'm not worthy of such an offer. The scene today is huge. It was so hard for me to open my eyes again. It made me realize The gap between me and you How could I dare to have any other thoughts? Not Young Master Gu You said that What does this mean? Ask your son. He wants to use your family's wealth. Crushing me, a poor wretch Oh my god, that scared me to death! You said that. I said that. I didn't know he was the young master of the Gu family. He's clearly just a poor village doctor. You good-for-nothing I've worked so hard to run it! After working hard for most of my life Such a large family business You've squandered it all! Deputy Young Master I'll make him apologize to you right now. Vice Young Master, I was wrong. I was wrong I will never dare to compete with you for resources again. I don't deserve it, I don't deserve it. I am not worthy Get up, young master. You are so magnanimous! You don't need to talk to my kid. I've seen it all before. After all, our two families We also need to engage in business cooperation. I'm not interested in business. However, it will not be because of personal grudges. It affected official business Choose a partner Character is of utmost importance Unkind and wealthy families bullying behavior Absolutely not A qualified partner It should be Ah, Vice President Zheng I have no right We will not interfere with your choices. However, for the sake of the Gu Group I hope you Strictly examine the other party's character Son-in-law, would you like to come over for a visit? I'll cook your favorite dish. Gao Baoshan told us everything. Talking about son-in-law He is the eldest son of the Gu family. Wow, my daughter has such good taste! You weren't talking about me Does a toad want to eat swan meat? Let me stay away from He Siyuan What I mean is, you are the swan. Our Siyuan is yes. No, no That Gao Baoshan is the real toad. I told you to stay away from him. Yes, yes, let's go home and talk. Oh, I have a bottle that I've kept for a long time. Century-old fine wine Let's drink until we drop! Hey, didn't you say...? I'll reappear at your doorstep Do you fight every time you see me? I mean, I'll throw ashes at you every time I see you. Is that so? But I clearly remember you saying to Gu Jiayin Cut off from me You...you...you didn't remember wrong. But you misheard. You need to get things done with Gu Jiayin as soon as possible. It's not broken. oh So you're saying his family will be poor for three generations? What if I absolutely refuse to be related to him by marriage? what Okay, you don't need to think too much about it. Regardless of your attitude Is it opposition or pandering? It won't change anything. I've made up my mind that Siyuan is the one I will marry in this lifetime. Of course, everything I own They all belong to He Siyuan This is beyond doubt. But what does that have to do with you? In He Siyuan's eyes She doesn't recognize you at all. Her only mother is her adoptive mother. Hao's son-in-law is not like that. My son, Siyuan, has already accepted me as his son. Otherwise they wouldn't be living in our house. And it cost us so much money Let's go it's okay yes mom i'm okay i'm okay I'm dying of laughter Auntie, please rest assured Entrust Siyuan to me We'll take care of you together from now on. Walk home safely It's time to meet my parents. Let's finalize things between us. Your family is the richest. Can you accept me, a poor girl? If it doesn't work, then forget it. I don't want to force anyone to do something against their will. Do you know why I went to the countryside in the first place? Become a village doctor? Why? I've never been interested in business since I was a child. When I grew up I took it upon myself to apply for a medical major. The real reason that prompted me to retreat to the countryside My parents want to arrange a family marriage. Forcing me to marry A girl named Jiang Ruonan Male Grand Marriage Then why don't you agree? Because I don't like him at all. Is that reason enough? I'm so glad I made that choice. That's how I met you. love of my life You're quite good at expressing your feelings. No wonder she grew up reading Qiong Yao's novels. Grandma Qiong Yao I understand what you mean. I'll go back with you this time There will definitely be a lot of obstacles. You don't need to worry. I'm here for you. I'm worried about me A master of witty comebacks in the era of internet celebrities I'm afraid of a group of old-fashioned people from the 90s. What are you thinking? Let me tell you. Oh, the fifteenth day of the first lunar month The moon is fullest on the 16th of the lunar month. You can forget about dying. You just wait and see. Who are you looking for me? You don't need to know who I am. I'm here to tell you We all have one thing in common They both like the same man, Gu Jiayi. Xiao Zhao, cook a few more dishes today. We'll have guests coming over later. Don't go anywhere today. Stay at home to entertain guests They really took in an uneducated village girl. Treat as a child's play I don't want to confront him directly. You know, your son has such a temper! Even more impressive than you! Last time they forced him to go through an arranged marriage. As a result, he hasn't come back for the past six months. This time This dampened his spirits. If he really doesn't come back What should we do then? You son, huh? So picky I just don't believe it. He really liked that kind of life. Isn't he just looking for something new? Just like when we've eaten too much of this delicacy... Seeing this refreshing side dish Don't you want a couple of bites? This is not Well, that makes sense. But his novelty wore off. I think he... he likes this country girl. There was no enthusiasm left. What we need to do then That is, to give him a push. Let Chiayi know This country girl isn't suitable for him. Okay, hey. This matter... You absolutely mustn't let Ruonan find out. That child's temper! If he finds out He'll definitely come and cause trouble. Then... We have absolutely no room for maneuver. Look what you've done! I'm always busy with important matters. And you even got involved in your fussy, petty things. Dad, this is He Siyuan. Hello, uncles and aunts I have met countless people Her demeanor and bearing are unlike those of a country girl. He Siyuan, right? Come, have a seat. Thank you, Auntie. The kind uncle and aunt visited for the first time I have prepared gifts for you. I hope you won't find it offensive. Is it a local specialty? Just leave it there. No. It's a dress I made myself. Did you make this? Yes, I designed it myself. If you don't mind You can try them on and see if they fit. Wow, this is so beautiful! Nonsense, this has been the case for the past 10 years. The most popular classic styles In this era It's not like they robbed us. It is said that clothes make the man. Business depends on people to make money With your image and temperament Can still hold on This garment has the best effect. Siyuan, right? Jiayou calls you Four Eyes Then I'll call you Four-Eyes too. Who taught you this? A little trickery is nothing Self-taught Four-eyed How did you do that? Auntie, thank you for your compliment. I promise! This garment You absolutely cannot buy it on the market. Even love beans are hard to find 30 years later You can buy it easily. This outfit is so beautiful! this If my old girlfriends find out... I'd be so envious! I envy that I have such a good daughter-in-law. Oh no! I want them to know now The guests are still here. Yes, yes, yes, yes Fourth Master, what do you like to eat? I'll have Xiao Zhou do it for you. Thank you, Auntie! This young girl is indeed extraordinary. In no time Relying on a few clothes He won over his future mother-in-law. Women It's not surprising that people with long hair have short minds. Come and subdue me if you dare. By the way Uncle, I've also prepared a gift for you. What's this This is what I did for the company A business plan prepared by the group I know this is like showing off my limited skills before an expert. However, as a suggestion You might want to take a look. His knowledge can be found in apartments What if it's useful to you? You can even write this? I remember you only have a junior high school education. Farming at home Hehe Uncle, heroes don't ask about origins. I know so many professional designers I think it's far inferior to Siyuan. Why is my dad making that face? Having been in the business world for so many years A business plan That's what made him react so strongly. Surely not? I don't know. But your little wife... That's really something. This business plan was your idea! This talent, this taste This genius has a broad perspective. What a business genius! Is Siyuan referring to you? No He was referring to the National Father of Brace. Red Sun This all happened back then. What a mess! Uncle Siyuan There are so many questions. I should ask for your advice. Oh no, I wouldn't dare! Mr. and Mrs. Hmm, Miss Jiang is here. Why is she here? Oh, let her in. You'd better protect your wife. She has a sharp tongue. He's so sharp-tongued! Mom, you've never seen anything more amazing. You'll see it soon. Long time no see, Chiayi brother! Come on, come on, sit down quickly. It seems like the old hen at Coco's house likes it. More than one You are He Siyuan Yeah, I heard that. You have a junior high school education. That's quite an academic background. At least I'm better than someone whose education came from prenatal education. Some people haven't even learned to speak human language. Even Chiayi brother is captivated by you. I don't think you're anything special either. That's so unsophisticated, not as good as yours. Look at you! Wearing such dangerous clothes while looking so safe Why should I compare myself to you? I can't compare to you. You have such a profound look. Look at your skin tone He doesn't look like a superficial person at all, right? No matter how much makeup you apply Black can't turn white. Or eat more cosmetics Adding to the discussion on inner beauty You agree, right? Your little wife has such a sharp tongue. He's 100 times stronger than Ruonan! I've never seen a mom who's so good at arguing. In front of you two elders He hasn't even shown his full potential yet. Auntie, whose side are you on? Oh, Auntie Where did you buy these clothes? Isn't it beautiful? It's so beautiful! Auntie, did you buy it overseas? But I'm abroad. I've never seen clothes designed like this before. This outfit... But it was designed by a specialist for me. There are such amazing designers. Aunt Could you please take this designer...? Recommend it to me I'd like to order a few sometime. This is not impossible But what about others? I guess they don't want to involve you in the design process. Why don't you want to? I can give him any amount of money he wants. This isn't about money. Where is it? He couldn't. Chiayi brother, you did this to protect him They've even learned to lie. Chiayi did not lie This dress... It was Siyuan who designed it for me personally. Handmade impossible He was a village girl who could barely read a few words. How could such a top-tier design be possible? If the clothes are sincere enough It's not impossible for me to design it for you. Even if you dream of me having no clothes to wear I won't let you design for me. Those who have no clothes to wear are birds and beasts. I am certain about this. It's really unmanageable Don't look at this. You take over the Qin family's business I've been doing this for a while now. With some experience You must read this proposal. His extraordinary qualities See? Even if your clothing design is excellent At most, he's just a high-class tailor. What makes you think you can compare to a business elite like me? like to see That's such a forward-thinking approach! This is such a grand scale! How was this idea conceived? He's simply a god! Uncle Gu, where are you from? Find this strategic planning master With his help The Gu family will definitely soar to great heights. Uncle Gu, can you help me? Introduce this expert to me! Our Jiang family I'd also like to ask an expert for guidance. It's so far away. Right before my eyes It was him again, I would never believe it even if you beat me to death. You illiterate village girl To have such a forward-looking vision And strategic thinking You must have copied these things, right? This kind of thing can be copied? Okay, I'd like to ask you... Who is this person I plagiarized? If you can say it Even if I lose But even I, a village girl, know this. You, a business elite, probably don't know this. You'd be lucky to find that! Those big shots I copied Still unknown I didn't even come up with those things myself. Where are you going to look? Ruolan, we have to admit... There are geniuses in this world. I guess This genius! What is discounted is resources I can't accept this explanation. I see Uncle and Aunt You can't go against Brother Chiayi He insisted on marrying this village girl. But the dignified Mu family Marrying such a person I'm afraid others will laugh at me. So A genius was carefully crafted This beautiful dress And this business plan You guys found all of these people in advance. The design is complete. Is this all I can say? You have a rich imagination. Unfortunately, it wasn't used in the right place. I can understand your actions. But I cannot accept it. You are indeed extraordinary. I underestimated you But don't get too excited yet. This battle of love has only just begun. I'm the one who'll have the last laugh. I have no doubt about that. Others look good when they smile. You look very funny. How can this child have such a good memory? Just like that, I left. This is a rare opportunity. You should at least eat before going. Ruo'an, I heard from your dad that... Your company's brand logo It has already been designed. Can you let me take a look? For me I was just about to ask Uncle Gu for advice. This one But it took me half a month Carefully designed graphic logo Uncle Gu, what do you think? Indeed, his skill is truly remarkable. Of course. This is a genuine design. Unlike some people who only talk the talk but don't walk the walk. Bai Siyuan, you should take a look too. By the way, I would like to offer some suggestions. What does Uncle Gu know? This looks like cow dung. This thing is called design? Come there and let me see. Oh, don't say that They really do look alike. Can you please shut your stinking mouth? If you're so capable, why don't you design one yourself? If you're willing to give it a try, then give it a try. Auntie, do you have paper and a pen? Today Let him broaden his horizons. On-site design, design! hey Fourth Prince She's a top student from the Central Academy of Fine Arts. These designers are quite well-known within the industry. You've really run into the line of fire this time. He bumped into me and caused a gash. I made him lose so badly he couldn't even find his face anymore. What are you pretending for? Know Design a novel logo pattern. How difficult is it? Do you think this is children playing house? You know nothing. I'm just adopting what I've learned. Winner of International Logo Design Competition Creative Gold Award Winner What do you have to compare with them? See for yourself Isn't it much better than that cow dung? This was really designed in just a few minutes. That's incredible! This is impossible. There was a supplementary manuscript before the store opened. This highly creative design How could it be accomplished overnight? Even if there are supplementary articles It's also a genius design. You can't deny that, can you? This is just my beginner's doodle. You're bragging, but I'm not. If you don't believe me Let me design another one for you to try. Luckily, I was interested in this before I was reborn. Otherwise, I really wouldn't remember. So many logo designs Genius, absolute genius All the geniuses We took it apart when we got home. Do you still think Is Siyuan not good enough for our family? When did I say that? I'll just say... You are not good enough for her. Siyuan is such a good daughter-in-law If you lose it for me I no longer acknowledge you as my son. Mom, I don't believe it. Young Miyabi I have to tell you the truth. 4 Yuan Design Pattern Indeed for obsessive-compulsive disorder An employee quietly only sells Pattern for product planning Growth enterprises play a significant role I suggest you use a 4-yuan design. The land west of Jiangzong City was incorporated into the new city. The price of the plan skyrocketed tenfold overnight. The Gu Group has really struck it rich this time. Really? How could this be fake? I don't know Which master guided the story? To encounter such great fortune Is this even human? How can I fight him? Brother Jia, I admit defeat. But I'm not in a good mood. I want to go to Malaysia to relax. My flight is for this afternoon. Before leaving Is there anything else you want to say to me? Have a safe journey and take care. What's he doing coming in? He's going to Malaysia, let me know. He did this It made me feel really embarrassed. It's as if I drove him away. Oh, Siyuan Today is your birthday Let's go shopping. Buy you a gift Birthday, um I remember it was today This city Plane bound for Malaysia crashes bad Ah ah sir ah ah come on Hey, you can't leave. I admit I can't beat you. You've already decided to quit. What exactly do you want? If you take this flight You will be reduced to ashes. The kind that will kill you. We're just rivals in love. There was no deep-seated hatred or grudge. Do you really need to curse me to death? What should I say? Only then will you believe what I did. I won't believe anything you say. Who do you think you are, some kind of deity? I've seen people who are courting death. I've never seen anyone as suicidal as you. What's wrong with Siri? Hey, let go! Hey, look! They came down from over there. Waiting for you to wake up I will thank my uncle and aunt. This is my mom Thank you, sister. For us Such an excellent daughter-in-law Ah, that's right. We all like Siyuan. Our Jiayi Finding Siyuan was her blessing. Our little mountain village has produced a phoenix! Becoming the daughter-in-law of the richest man in the provincial capital I never even dared to imagine it! This daughter was well raised. Now you can just wait to enjoy life. I didn't think that much about it. As long as my daughter is happy That's enough. Shut up Hmph, how do you hmph? Climbed to a higher branch I don't recognize you as my father anymore. And you In front of so many people You still treat me like this Do you even consider me worthy of your attention? See if I hit you You are addicted to gambling Domestic violence addiction My mother has already divorced you. I'm even with you now. Don't try to scam me. Uncle and Aunt, can you do me a favor? Can we kick this person out? Okay, no, no I'll come back if I don't want it. Siyuan, you're really unlucky. How did I end up with such a father? Ah, my life is so miserable. And here comes another pair of eccentric in-laws. The mother-in-law can arrange a marriage between you. It's like our ancestral graves are emitting auspicious smoke. Yeah yeah Our daughter is lucky to marry into your family. His greatest blessing Even we parents They all benefited from his fame. This adds another person to our family. Siyuan and the others are your parents too. From a bloodline perspective He is indeed mine. But from an emotional perspective They don't deserve to be my parents. What on earth is going on? I was abandoned by them at birth. My adoptive mother picked me up and raised me. Without him, I would have been dead long ago. Over the past 20 years They never came back. She glanced at me Now that I'm older They want to use me to exchange for dowry and wealth. You say Does this kind of person deserve to be a parent? Don't say they're not fit to be parents. Even the strokes one and two lines are not enough. That's incredibly shameless. They actually came to climb the social ladder and claim kinship. This attempt to steal a chicken backfired spectacularly. They've completely lost face. Get those two scoundrels out! Good boy You've suffered so much injustice. Is there anyone else who bullied you? Say it all at once We'll stand up for you. They're here. I have to attend that little bitch's wedding. Ah, it caused such a commotion before. Now they're taking the initiative to show goodwill. I thought it was shabby. What do you know? them Now we have a real country backing us. That's what we want to control. Are you just being coy? Hey, who benefits from having friends? So you're taking the initiative to show goodwill Who would he let off the hook? Even a powerful dragon can't suppress a local snake, you know that? Do you think I'm easy to bully? Oh, and then... It's beneficial for everyone to give in a little. He's not a smart person, sorry. I'm not smart enough I'll settle this score with you sooner or later. I have united the women of the village. I will file a lawsuit against you soon. Just wait to go to jail. You've been running rampant in the village for so many years Bullying others It won't be long You will then taste the bitterness of falling into a well. The taste of rat No one can escape the word "retribution". Why aren't they here yet? Is Jiang Ruolan not coming? I just don't believe she can swallow this insult. Looking at the man she loves He married another woman Great, he's wearing red. They're not going to just kidnap the bride, are they? Inspector Ho, how do you feel? Ms. Jiang Tao I'll stay with you. Let's go in together. Turn his happy occasion into a tragedy Smiley face turns into a crying face He Siyuan, I'm doomed this time! Siyuan, I'm here to be your bridesmaid. Welcome? Of course you're welcome! Miss Jinglan Are you sure you're not mistaken? This bitch stole your sweetheart. You gave up so quickly. Siyuan is my good sister The person I admire most She and Gu Jiayi are a match made in heaven. I only wish them well. It's you who's always overthinking. I'll give you a mirror another day. Take a good look at your own face. I have a saying I don't know whether I should say anything or not. I think you are very successful. What's the meaning As a model of failure You're absolutely amazing! Alright, all the demons and monsters have been cleared away. Isn't it time to obtain the true scriptures? hahaha

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cdrama-y3b: Thank you for the sypnosis ❤ can you please also include the ML and FL's names? ❤❤❤

- Ed's Heinz Ad: Kind: captions Language: en I’ve got an idea for a Heinz Ketchup Commercial. I was at this super posh restaurant. Super posh. The type of place that has chandeliers, and paintings on the wall, and way too many forks. I think classical music was playing… maybe it was jazz… no, definitely classical. The hostess walks up to me, she says “Mr. Sheeran, is this your first time dining with us?” and I say “yep”. The waiter comes over, he’s telling me about the specials: “Super fancy, fancy vegetables, fancy sauces.” I said, “Sounds fancy”. So, fast forward and the food comes. The waiter goes on to tell me “We are proud to present this farm to table blah blah blah, posh and fancy blah blah blah, with a side of blah blah blah.” You know the food looked good, I just thought there was something missing. So, I reach into my bag and I take out the only thing that can complete me. And at that point, the whole world came to a stop. And the waiter was screaming, through his eyes, “Nooooooo”. So that’s my idea, do you want to do it?

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sheila-ph6js [1 likes]: Heinz is American.
  2. @yuefeibs: Restruance name: super posh lol
  3. @BurntRaisinToast: I’m with the waiter.  Whatever sugary swill it is that they pump into those bottles, tastes nothing like proper home-made ketchup.
  4. @howthewestwaswon1890: Yeah… I watched it, but now I think that Ed is boring and a douchebag and Heinz is a corpo scum.
  5. @louish.9414: I Thought he was a famous actor
  6. @louish.9414: I was looking for the Print T-shirt commercial and ended here lol
  7. @kulwantkaur3118: Oh my Goodness!!!!!! . Finally someone who understands my dilemma. I put ketchup on almost everything. Now I love you even more Edd❤
  8. @macgraphicz: This commercial is super fancy, blah, blah, blah...
  9. @MemerDad: The ultimate douche move lmao
  10. @JulyGeneve: The dog 😂
  11. @Hoert-om4pp: !!!
  12. @MwangalaMuyowe-q6q: 😊😊
  13. @fredrikthelin4195: !!!
  14. @rickkrockk: the best ketchup I have ever tasted
  15. @Hoert-om4pp: Hm what they do about it to be stamped like this!!!?
  16. @peefour: gay
  17. @TomášKrejsa-g4e: mnam zrzci
  18. @YayaTerra-w7o: Xxxx
  19. @gerardcassin1386: Its like going to see pink Floyd..
And getting ed sheeran
  20. @Etmco: So....

- 股神重生回十年前，本來想低調當保安，一句話卻幫美女總裁狂賺百萬，一波神操作直接震驚所有人！: Kind: captions Language: en Guo Qingshan has been telling everyone Be cautious and rational. Anyone who makes money is called a stock market guru. They come to blame me after I lost money. you They all regarded him as a treasure trove that constantly generated money. Really? Mine is 300,000! That was all my possessions. If it weren't for you I won't invest that much. Now you are fully responsible. There are no superhumans in the stock market. Remember not to gamble your entire fortune. Even financing stock trading You must be willing to believe me I can also offer you guidance. But wanting to navigate the unfathomable sea of stocks Triumphant return year after year Guo dared not make such a boast. Please everyone Please recognize your true colors. Brother Qian, let him go. He is Guo Qingshan There will definitely be a solution. According to the latest news from this station Guo Qingshan, only 35 years old By one's own strength Sweeping across the stock markets Estimated assets of 100 billion Elected as the new God of Stocks Mr. Guo now Which potential star stock do you think has the most potential? Can you provide guidance for the majority of stock investors? Mr. Guo, Mr. Guo Don't you have some opinions about Mr. Guo? Mr. Guo, you have already learned about the stock market guru. Will they expand into other industries next? Mr. Guo, Mr. Guo, Mr. Guo Uncle Lin Jie, I have fulfilled my promise. Became a stock market god Tell me quickly Where is my uncle? Wow, so much time has passed. You still can't let go of this hatred. Paz vowed not to rest until he had avenged himself. Those bastards caused my father's death and my wife's death. They even kidnapped my uncle. Uncle, you were my father's best friend. And the only one who knows the inside story Please tell me the truth. Come to my house Your father's belongings are there. Ah you Dad's Tips Appear uh uh uh uh My family's teahouse Why is it decorated in a style from 10 years ago? stop Miss Round Month Month Month Month Month You scoundrel, what are you going to do? Yunyun is me Green Mountain You Qingshan Bro, calm down. This is Sister He Yun. Huo Huo, how come you're so young? Was Huo Huo driven mad after being hit by a car? Yes, I was definitely hit by a car. But why are you here? Did I time travel? Lover, you just got hit by a car. It took me so much effort to drag you back. You're not allowed to run around anymore. Come with me home Oh, what year is it now? 997 years ago I've actually traveled back ten years! Ten years The most stable Dongchuang Fund Suffered heavy damage Experience a Black Week The stock market suddenly fell Where's my money? Where did all my money go? My money! That's not right. Dongchuang Fund has always been very stable There was no collapse 10 years ago. What exactly happened? This stock market... It's terrible, many people are going to jump off buildings and commit suicide. Going bankrupt His mother fell down. This is going to kill me! Sir, please calm down. This is a teahouse. How can I stay calm? Are you alright? It's okay, thank you. Hello, sir What are you going to do next? Hey, sir/madam I'll take you to the hospital to get checked out. Jinbang appeared Although I don't know what happened But I must obtain the ancient clan. I found my uncle To avenge my family I'm truly ignorant of the immensity of heaven and earth. General Old Li, your level isn't good enough. They used pawns to charge straight into my base. Aren't you afraid I'll slaughter you without leaving a single survivor? Never underestimate a pawn. I can still outmaneuver you. The current situation is that the wave will win. You can't win by just talking. sure Uncle Yan Ning, please tell me quickly. And who is the murderer who killed my family? Why should I tell you? You were my father's best friend when he was alive. ah Don't you want to avenge him? When a person dies, the lights go out. Our friendship ends here. Besides, even if I told you What's the use? You have no money and no power He's just a poor loser. Even if I knew They're only destined to die. Accept your fate. Can you tell me if I'm capable? You can try it. What an arrogant brat! You're just like this kid. They're just destined to die. Countless chess games have been played since ancient times. A pawn defeats a general. Your statement is too simplistic. General's Lady Haha, Little Zhou eats the general! No one can be sure what Xiao Shang said. Ha ha ha ha Okay, let me see. What exactly are your abilities? Old Li set up the table Within half an hour Write down these candlestick charts. I will randomly draw one in a moment. Tell me which stock. What will the future trend be in which time period? In my previous life, I studied the stock market day and night. I have a firm grasp of the stock market's direction. This was a piece of cake. Only half an hour Who could remember so many? Yes, Uncle Glasses Aren't you putting Brother Qingshan in a difficult position? Your Majesty, please don't act like an old lady. Bullying the younger generation So many people are watching. If you think it's too difficult, you can give up. I'm better than... They're like newborn calves, fearless of tigers! I think he's just stupid. Under the sky No one can do it in such a short time Memorizing so many candlestick charts at once Moreover, we also need to consider the trend. This kid is asking for trouble. Start of timer How can you remember what you're sending so fast? Remember my ass He's shining. Take a closer look. Dad, 10 minutes have passed She looks like her heart is very unstable. Could it be that they lost? It is too early to draw conclusions. This kind of idiot who can only memorize by rote Even if you get into the position of head They're just cannon fodder. There must be other ways. But what exactly is it? Go Jinshan! Could it be that he's going to stop here? I think this kid's out of options. We definitely have to give up. Guo Qingshan Guo Qingshan, I just don't understand. How did you learn this from your dad? The most basic candlestick chart Okay Simplify complex graphics Navigating the Stock Market My boss I see How could I have forgotten those languages? As long as you can understand his language You can then understand his trend. Although the trend of each stock Due to various reasons, it has changed constantly. But the pattern of its treasure map is the same. Go, Qingshan! Dad, Brother Qingshan Why are you suddenly talking on the microphone so much? He is talking to the moving average chart 10.987 seconds left bring it on good Tell me which stock... What the hell are you talking about? He can talk about it. I tore up all 100 keys. Zhongyi Coal This is between 2 PM and 3 PM. Stock trend Future period Its stock price will continue to rise. He actually answered it. Impossible, he must be guessing. Absolutely correct Alright, Brother Qingshan He really got them all right. Amazing! It seems I was blind. You really can't judge a book by its cover! She has some talent. I didn't embarrass your dad. Come with me Study Book This is what your father left you. Watch if you want If you don't want to look at it, just throw it away. Uncle, I have already won your question. You should tell me where my uncle is. Investment community There are many people who can solve this problem. Faster and more accurate than you You have no right to ask me these questions now. The live trading competition is about to begin. Come find me after you win the championship. Turn around Get lost Jinshan Ge Have you finished talking to the glasses-wearing book? Um I plan to register for the live trading competition. I want to participate in the live trading competition. It must be a fund company Fund manager and above But my dad Please help him. If you don't mind I can recommend one to you. fund company Not only can you learn something, but Once promoted, you can also participate in a live trading competition. Very good What a load of rubbish! Patrol They actually made me a security guard?! That's ridiculous! Don't just stand there! Hurry up and go! I came People who play the stock market aren't here to be security guards. You still want to play the stock market? Even becoming a security guard requires using connections. What gives you the right? Just like the elites in your office building Make big money by watching the market. How do you know I can't? Hey, you little brat Don't be unconvinced. I'm actually better at playing the stock market than you. You don't believe me? Come with me. Look at the delivery eggs How do you monitor the market? You alone How could someone possibly be monitoring so many stocks? I'll show you a method. Let me show you something! Ha ha It's really amazing! turn out to be You have potential stocks across all sectors. Record them all Follow the rotation of stock market sectors Find the leading stocks in the corresponding sectors Portfolio adjustment and stock switching Follow the hot topics immediately Oh, you can play it like that? That's all? Enough for you to study for several years Hahahaha Master, please accept my bow. Young people are evil Remember, haste makes waste. Time to get up and patrol. Oh, you lunatic! 54 categories emerged overnight. These potential stocks in these sectors So exquisitely detailed Are you even human? Master, thank you for your guidance. This is a gift for you. Oh, you little rascal! This is so embarrassing! Oh, no need, no need. Actually, you should be most grateful to Professor Li. After all, this is the security guard of Yi Tianhua Company Not just anyone can be one. I'm going to find him. You, oh He Ying Qingshan Ge Why are you here? I've come to visit Professor Li. Green Mountain, please come in. Come on How to learn from Yi Tianhua Foundation A great harvest Therefore today I specifically brought two bottles of Maotai. Thank you, Professor Li. You're too kind. Haha, He Ying! I also went to Yi Tianhua for my internship today. The chairman there is Duan Xue. My student You are a stock with potential. Make good use of it This is a hard-won opportunity! Come, sit down. Cen Ran, why don't you take a look around first? I'm going to complete the onboarding process first. Hey, wake up! Sleeping at work I think everyone Huayin stock is severely undervalued. at present The stock price has begun to rise. It's the perfect time to enter the market. That's right, according to rumors. I heard that a foreign company is going to invest in Huayin. Huayin stock trading has begun. Starting tomorrow It's estimated that the main upward trend is about to begin. If you have no objections Yi Tianhua then used half of the funds Injecting Huayi Brothers shares Buy it, stop! Who do you think you are? Do you have the right to speak to me? Where did the security guards come from? You, a security guard Why aren't you properly guarding the door? What are you doing here, getting involved in this mess? Mr. Duan I believe that although Huayi Brothers' stock price has risen... But at this time It is not suitable for large funds to follow the trend and enter the market. You stinky security guard You don't know anything! Stop spreading these fallacies and misleading the public. Confusing the public Influences our judgment Get lost and wait. Share your thoughts! As the saying goes, "Two tigers cannot share one mountain." Huayin's fundamentals are good. Main business It has also made great progress this year. but If the major players notice large orders following the trend... That will definitely lead to a sharp sell-off. After forcing out the meat-cutting plate It will then resume its upward trend. Therefore I think If we rashly follow the trend and enter the market now... It could very well be a trap. Rumors are circulating outside Our Yi Tianhua is full of elites. Even toilet cleaners invest in stocks. I thought I had two days Does that give you the right to point fingers and make decisions? Why do you look down on security guards? So what if you have big breasts? I tell you It's because Huayi Group is stable enough. so This is the best time for us to buy at the bottom. You only know the superficial garbage. What do you know? Wait a minute, Mr. He. I feel something's wrong. We are very optimistic about this stock. But this kid did everything he could to obstruct it. In my opinion He must be a corporate spy. They came to block our path to wealth. Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes I sensed something was wrong just now. Right? He was just acting suspiciously at the door. You definitely have a problem. That's your problem. Guards, arrest him! Where is everyone? Why I'm a security guard. You are the security guard. If you're a security guard, you shouldn't give more. it's hot Brother Qingshan Oh, junior sister, why did you arrive so quickly? Is Teacher Li alright? It's alright, senior sister. Let me introduce Guo Qingshan. He Yang, stay away from him. This kid is a corporate spy. Are you sick? What kind of corporate espionage? That's exactly right. just He's still trying to mislead us. They won't let us buy stocks What else could he be but a spy? Brother Qingshan is clearly my friend. He was simply expressing his opinion. Do you understand the opinion? Oh my senior sister I guarantee it with my integrity. He's not a corporate spy. What did you say This kind of trash is your friend Are you kidding me? Haha It's not about me making friends. What does it have to do with you? Where is Senior Sister Qingshan? But it was my daddy who introduced it. You can't You don't even believe what my daddy says, do you? Okay, stop arguing. They're all our own people. Let's continue the meeting. Mr. Duan's opportunity has arrived. Huayin is being watched by mysterious capital. It will definitely be a dark horse in the future. We'll get it now You can definitely achieve big results with small investments. Market value will at least double I agree. Xiao Bao, you better watch closely with your big dog eyes! I'll let you know today. What is the true business top? He Ying should stay away from him as soon as possible. So as not to damage your reputation Right, you, you, you? Shut up Good advice is hard to persuade Damn it Since they are willing to suffer a bloody defeat Let them be. Ah, if everyone has no objections... Then place the order. What?! I fucking said to place an order. Sit down, why? Want to sit here? You should have said so earlier, buddy, you're shy. Sit, sit, sit, sit, sit Why are you being so polite? General Manager Fan You invest half of the funds in Huayi Brothers The stock should rise soon. Rise You guys are here to take a dump, aren't you? Yo yo yo yo yo What time is it? How dare you make sarcastic remarks here? I think What Brother Tianshan said makes a lot of sense. I think so too. This risk is indeed quite high. So... You should take appropriate measures. Ms. Li Your father is indeed a big shot in the ancient world. But you still need to learn. You hum ya ha bastard He just knows how to scam people here. Spreading rumors and misleading the public snort Come closer, hehe. Although I don't know How did you deceive He Ying? But if you continue like this... Believe it or not, I will act this way. I can deal with you. What do you mean I think you are very suitable to be a security guard. Actually, my dream is also to be a security guard. I came out right away. My dad initially asked me to go to that shopping mall. My dad made me move bricks. My mom also broke down. What Everyone is now willing to pay any price. Protect our betting odds Almost there Huayi Brothers collapsed too quickly. It has already fallen by 30%. It's already at 50%, if this continues... This will cause the golden rats to return to their nests. No, Mr. Duan. Our technical means They've already blocked it. The other party dumped the shares. The efficiency is several times that of our buying. It's impossible to stop it! 1 billion yuan has its eye on me If this beast continues... One-third of the company's assets are about to go down the drain. All of Yitianhua's partner banks are without exception. All our funds have been frozen. Are there any other methods? This was a premeditated wash trading scheme to dump shares. The other party is trying to force you to cut your losses. Hand over the chips you've got. It's over. Mount Tai pressure top Using minimal force to deflect a great weight What did you say, bro? I have a way What's the best way to do it quickly? Why are you looking at me? Don't come any closer, I'm telling you. Computers are quite expensive. I'm like that... What does that mean? Do it again Success or failure hinges on this! No! Okay, that's all. Take a taxi home after work. You bastard, do you even know that? What the hell did you do? I said he was a corporate spy Now look what's happened! I used all my funds to buy that stock. Let's get off work, Mr. Duan. You saw it, right? This Guo Qingshan All our funds They put them all in. Our company is about to face huge debts. Even bankruptcy Yes, Mr. Duan Oh dear, oh dear Hey Yang Ge's dad It is clearly your judgment that is flawed from the outset. I'm here to clean up your mess. What right do you have to wipe my ass? Shouting in front of me Pui! You come and wipe my ass! Do you know? You are like this It will cause our company to collapse completely. Who's going to clean up this mess for you? I'll suffocate you. Yang Keming, are you crazy? Even if Brother Qingshan is wrong That's for everyone's benefit. You are not allowed to bully him. He Ying You're still protecting him like this. Don't you know? Did he harm everyone in our company? If I don't beat him up today It's truly hard to quell the anger in my heart. You need to help him. You paid off all of his company's debts. Oh dear He Ying Don't associate with him. People who only fart General knowledge We present the facts. The truth is, you've ruined all of us. I'll say it again. I'll save you. Still being stubborn even when death is imminent, huh? Hmm, stubborn You're being stubborn. Hard, hard, hard, make you hard Are you just going to tolerate him bullying you like this? Yi Tianhua's savior! how so Didn't you tell me to say it? Boss Duan is a spy. He has harmed us like this. We absolutely cannot let Qingshan get away with this. You're a god! Let's exchange all our funds for chips. Press down and pry the chassis Mysterious Funds also Worried about not being able to get back the chips that have been thrown out. The upward sweep has already begun. Senior Sister means Brother Qingshan ran out of the company Still at the lowest point of the stock price Purchase Turn defeat into victory yes I'll see what's going on. This shouldn't be happening. Our company All funds have been invested. If this mysterious fund Make one more There's nothing we can do. Based on my many years of experience... He definitely let us off the hook. Haha, let us go! Yes, Mr. Fan. This is your professionalism. Uh, actually I'm betting. Bet they don't know Yi Tianhua's capital pool He couldn't pry it open. We became cannon fodder. This is a new pretty What a thrilling battle! Doing a good job in the morning Single-handedly turned the tide I announce after You are now a full-fledged employee of Yitianhua. Congratulations, Brother Qingshan! Great, let's go! Qingshan, let me take you for a walk. Familiarize yourself with the work situation Give Did you give me my hat? Bring me the hat. I didn't expect this kid to be so good-looking! He also has considerable knowledge of stocks. It's my type I joined forces with mysterious funds The plan to attack Yi Tianhua How do you explain your failure? Listen to me first. It's all because of Guo Qingshan. Did you know? He's the one who cracked your capital shock. interesting It seems the Ancient Spirit Manual really is in your hands. Phew, it's finally over. He Yang will treat you to something to eat. I wonder if I can eat with you? Manager Ha Huang Did you need something from me? Don't be so nervous. I knew it from the beginning. You are not destined for this place. As expected, he made a name for himself. I am very satisfied with your performance. By the way, I have a medium-sized stock in my portfolio. I don't know whether I should leave or stay. Come home with me and help me take a look, okay? huh this That's not good. this I have other things to do. I have to go now. Oh, my dear What are you planning to treat me to? Oh, isn't this Miss Li? What are you doing? Hey hey hey He Ying, let me explain myself. It's not you listening to me I don't need to explain this. Uncle Glasses asked me to give this to you. What about boys? It's best to protect yourself when you go out. He Yaohe He doesn't want you. I want to go with my sister. Manager Huang, let's make another appointment later. I've decided. He Ying, come out and let me explain. Where did He Yingren go? Uh, big brother, big brother, big brother Let me explain I didn't mean to disturb the peace. Go explain to hell! ha eh eh eh Big brother Big brother Big brother If you have something to say, then don't, don't. Brother, let's talk this out. Let's talk things out. Look, we have no past grievances or recent feuds. You must have mistaken me for someone else. Right, bro? Yi Tianhua employees My Qingshan is definitely not wrong. Big Brother Someone hired you, right? How much would they pay? 20 yuan more This kid's pretty savvy. However, we have our rules. I advise you Hand over the martial arts manual immediately! We can make your death quicker. What kind of ancient secret manual is this? Even when death is imminent, he still pretends to be ignorant. Could it be...? Brothers I snatched his 13-yuan bag from him. Okay, okay, okay, okay. The boss has been found. Who exactly sent you? Let me die knowing why. If you want to know, ask the King of Hell. What should we do about this kid, boss? One of the useless guys left. Grandpa's Notebook My little brother has been rescued for you. I finally got it! My grand plan is about to be realized. I'll fuck your mother This is what you brought back for me. This isn't my fault, sir. That kid tricked me. Give me another chance. It has already alerted the enemy. State has its laws Family rules He should be punished for doing something wrong. Take him out, grandpa Give me another chance I'll give you another chance. How are you feeling, Brother Qingshan? Are you feeling better? Still alive Uncle with glasses A grown man was robbed I almost lost my life Compared to your father They're practically useless. Oh, I'm so sorry. Uncle Glasses, I'll let He Yingjiao handle this. I lost my laptop. Brother Qingshan, don't blame yourself. Uncle Glasses told me everything In this notebook There is nothing He did this so that you would mislead the other party. And what they really want is... It's the keepsake your uncle left you. Yes, that notebook It is your father's life's work. Known as the Ghost Notebook So it is said Those people who were dealing with me That was his father's killer. Since you already knew Those people are coming to steal the secret manual. This means you know who your enemy is. I still stand by what I said. You are not qualified to know. Knowing what you should do Brother Qingshan, you must pull yourself together! I know this happened in your family. You cannot accept But I don't want you to be in danger. They didn't get the secret manual. I'll definitely come again. My most important thing now is He just wanted to become a manager at Tianhua. Registration for the Demonstration Competition That's all for our company. Next phase of deployment Does anyone have any further objections? Since there is no Then take it away. This is an internal company meeting. Only company executives Only core employees can come You said you were here Get out! Yeah, you've only been with the company for a few days. Can't tell the difference between the two kings anymore, huh? Hmm, why don't you take a piss and look at yourself in the mirror? Do you think you deserve to be here? Qingshan, what's wrong? Deng Xiaoping, I want to run for office. Yi Tianhua Investment Department Manager Position no You're a newcomer to the company. Why should I compete for a managerial position? That's right. I've been working at Yi Tianhua for three years. He's only just become a trainee supervisor. If it's not you, then what right do you have? Ambitious He truly is the man I've set my sights on. I think... This kid is disrupting company rules. Inappropriate I think he should be fired. That's right, Mr. Duan Please give the order. Hurry up with this project Out of the day Be quiet It really helped our company overcome the difficulties. Although still relatively inexperienced Possibly outstanding Aoyama wants to run for the manager position. It is necessary to gain everyone's approval. Participate in the competition The fight was pretty good. Fighting It means all of us are fighting against you. If you win You can take your manager position. But if you can't beat them Return all credit information Do you dare to compete? etc. So many of you are bullying one person That's despicable. This is Yi Tianhua's rule. To compete for a managerial position, you must use your abilities. If you can't even do this... Why should he be considered deliberately courting death? One person fighting against so many of us How can I possibly beat you? Let him die! Brother Qingshan, maybe you shouldn't compete. After all, you've only been here a short time. Not yet firmly established Heying is right If I were to fight Yang Keming now They won't let this opportunity slip by. I don't have time. I am Okay, since that's the case I hereby announce that the company will provide you with a platform. Same starting capital Let the profits speak for themselves in a month. It's a deal. gentlemen That reckless fellow! To challenge Yi Tianhua Investment Department Manager Position Now is the best chance to take him down. It seems you already have a plan. Yes, I have a plan. Using someone else to kill Father could kill Guo Qingshan in one blow Make him unable to stand up again Go I will help you. Guo Qingshan, you just wait! I will make sure you die a horrible death. Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god I can't sleep well Hey He Ying Oh, you know I haven't eaten? So much preparation That's really expensive! Look! Don't touch it, it's not for you. Brother Qingshan, you're working I've been too tired lately. Come and try the noodles you've made! Is it delicious? So delicious, I'll have two more bites of meat. You just wait. What? I'll be here sooner or later. Get out of here for a day You shameless bastard! Huiying, what brings you here? Wow, he's sleeping really soundly. He Yang Wait, wait ... I have something to tell you I have nothing to say to you. I made plans tonight. My brother Qingshan is still waiting to go on his date. Don't ruin my date! Wait, I haven't finished speaking yet. I have something very important to tell you Give me two more minutes Let me freeze my memories. You, Ice! Yang Heming I have nothing to talk to you about, kid. Even the outcome of Guo Qingshan's bet... You don't care either, do you? Insider information The Meng Group, which has been sluggish recently... Soon to be with a Very large foreign companies What about the stocks under the cooperation? It will surge in a few days. As long as Guo Qingshan buys Meng's The manager position is inevitably his. You know? Ah, call me whatever you want. Hmm, that's not right. You and Brother Qingshan have never gotten along. What gives you the right to help him? Mr. He, you surely know me? I've always liked you, haven't I? Yeah, but I understand. Forced relationships are never sweet. certainly I'm such a magnanimous man I'm willing to help others achieve their goals. Let me tell you something else. Guo Qingshan's playing style... Although steady The company won't give him too long. The plan for now Only by getting him to buy the Meng Group Only then can he possibly become the manager. Uh-huh Figure out what you're thinking yourself. Hey, I'm trying to help you! I didn't help him. Wake up that little blondie! Come to work, sleep, go away. Have you found a satisfactory investment target? This gold stock and this dairy stock Currently, they are all in the early stages of growth. I plan to buy these two. These two stocks are good for trading both ends. Good direction But I don't recommend any direction for these two stocks. I'm afraid... It will affect your chances of getting a managerial position. Well, there's nothing we can do about it. After all, my access to information is relatively limited. Let's be down-to-earth. What do you think of the Meng Group? The Meng family is currently in a bottoming-out consolidation phase. No volume was recorded. The trend is still unclear Not very confident I have reliable information I heard that soon Foreign capital will come in to help the Meng family. At that time This Meng family stock is sure to surge. Really, yeah. I'll buy a portion first and see. He Ying's price increased. He Ying and Qingshan's price increased. Meng's is in the early stages of a price surge. We can continue to add to our position now. He Ying really wants to thank you this time. You really helped me a lot. It seems Yang Keming wasn't lying to me about adding to my position. The big fish has taken the bait. A large number of Meng family shares have already been purchased. It's time to close the net. The plan is to start driving down the stock price. Until it sinks to the bottom Then I'll take you downstairs to eat. Qingshan must be tired. Have a cup of coffee to perk yourself up Thanks Uh, legs, no. Haha, Manager Huang, what brings you here? Aoyama, you have a really sharp eye! It's amazing that they were able to discover Mo's potential stock. You are the rising star of the stock market. Do you have time? I can share some of my experience with you. Manager Huang What about Aoyama-san's abilities? It's obvious to everyone. I don't need you to teach me. Besides, mind your own business. Why is Miss Li jealous? Young and promising in Qingshan It's perfectly normal for me to have feelings for him. It's none of your business. Thank you. Okay, okay, okay, hi. Thank you, Manager Huang. Go eat noodles Oh no, oh no! Who was captured by the monster? Yeah, that's right. Not that one Dream Society's stock crashed What's going on? How could this be? It dropped to freezing point in an instant. Get up and throw Investing so much money without doing thorough research beforehand Now it's all good. Try to salvage the situation Yang Keming is definitely lying to me about my legs. It was a trap designed by Yang Keming. Yang Keming Get out here! Get up and let me sleep. He's about to die! Hurry up, what are you doing, sister? I didn't mean to. You believe me Yang Keming lied to me. I beg you to believe me. Brother Qingshan, I'm fine. It's not my fault; it was my own misjudgment. It seems the truth is about to come to light. shadow Can you do me a favor? Hi Aoyama, hello Please have a seat. That you are I am the chairman of the Meng Group. Mr. Guo spent a lot of money They bought our company's stock. I was very touched. Going to such lengths to create fake trading platforms Worth the trip They also want to harm me. That's not how it's said. If you have to blame someone, blame yourself. Offended an important person you shouldn't have offended The show has just begun. Enjoy it slowly from here on out. what Hurry up and get busy. go back Explain it to your boss properly. LOGO Happy cooperation Here Sit down, you still have the nerve to sit down? Let me explain what happened. Stocks traded by Guo Jingchuan It was forcibly borrowed by the opponent In order to seize the chips It cost 3 million more than planned. We just placed our bets. The opponent plays cards directly. It caused the company to lose 10 million within 3 minutes. Is it because we are incompetent? There are still people who betray their own people. Nobody's going to say anything, right? I will definitely get to the bottom of this. All of this It all started because of Guo Qingshan. It was him Companies that did not research their competitors in advance That's what caused us to suffer heavy losses. This person is completely unqualified to be a manager. He really has no skills whatsoever. Last time? It was just a fluke. I suggest he be expelled. The company will never use him. That's right I suspected his motives from the start. A small security guard Always thinking about becoming a senior executive in the company They must be trying to harm us. Enough! Everything needs evidence. Yi Tianhua would never wrong an innocent person. Someone took this photo of Deng Xiaoping. It was placed at the company entrance. You were the mole! Someone come here! Arrest this corporate spy! Arrest the spy! Living methods You've seen it all, haven't you? This woman He is the chairman of the Meng Group. Guo Qingshan and she acted intimately. There must be something going on. traitor Team up with this vile woman to ruin my company Mr. Duan, do you think she should be fired? Wang Qingshan I originally thought you were exceptionally intelligent I'd like to ask Mr. Duan for guidance. I never expected you to do something like this. This is a major taboo in the industry. No one can protect you Huo Xingchen How do you plan to explain this? I have nothing to fear if I am upright. I have never done it. Things that are detrimental to the company What the hell is going on? Why are you so stubborn? You two are almost biting each other. Do you think we're stupid? Someone, hurry up and take this corporate spy away! Arrest him! Get the truth out of him Brother Qingshan is innocent. He Yang, Guo Qingshan, and this woman... unite to bring down the company You should get away from him immediately. It's the closest place you usually walk. You probably already know about these things, right? He Ying, have you made any discoveries? Senior Sister I have evidence. It's a pleasure working with you! President Ouyang is really generous. You guys are ripping off Guo Qingshan They spared no expense, spending a whopping 8 million. There's no need for Mr. Meng to trouble himself with that. Our boss certainly won't treat you unfairly. Where did you get 5 years from? I believe I have treated you well. You, however, colluded with outsiders to frame Yi Tianhua. The person who came to dismiss him from his post Drag him away General Manager Zhao I made a big mistake because I was confused for a moment. Please give me a chance. Report to the police to let those who manipulate stock prices know. All were punished Manager Yang, please help me! I really... Damage to the company Impact on company interests Damn it, you're the one who caused all of this. He Yang should be sure to use evidence when doing things. I was also framed by him. Alright, everyone, get out of here. Green hills remain Although Mr. Deng, I was framed I also caused the company a loss of nearly ten million. I voluntarily withdraw from Yi Tianhua. And pay all back salaries Senior Sister's problem isn't Qingshan's fault. I introduced the Meng Group. Punish me if you must. Starting today You are Yi Tianhua, Investment Department Manager Ah, me The manager is right. I, Duan Xue, have eyes. Able to distinguish right from wrong That's settled. With a managerial position You can participate in the live trading competition Showing off their glory Go Qingshan! I believe in you. I'm eligible to participate in the teacher training competition. Hello, I want to register for the live trading competition. You need qualifications to register for the live trading competition. Do you have it? I am from Yi Tianhua Fund Investment Department Manager Mr. Yi Tianhua's manager Please wait a moment, I will register you right away. Haha, Guo Qingshan Are you out of your mind? Jiang Keming What are you doing here? Of course I'm here to participate in the live trading competition. But you know, I've lived this long... This is the first time I've seen it. People with such thick skin Several meanings I didn't. I just can't stand it. Someone's just putting on airs here. He even claimed that he was not good at investing. Do you deserve it? Stay away from me You shut up! Brother Qingshan was elected as the investment department manager. This is what my senior sister said. Oh my, I really think Tsuruha was really... That kid The company lost so much money President Duan didn't kick him out. We have done everything we could. How could I possibly promote him? Beautiful girl, hahaha I am Yi Tianhua A genuine fund manager As for this project He is nothing. Don't be fooled by him! I figured it out a long time ago. With your whole body A loser with a loser-like face How could he possibly be the manager? Wasting my time How dare you speak like that? Is it true or false? Why don't you just look it up? Is this a place for you to speak? What do you think this place is? I don't have time to argue with you guys here. Get out of here right now! Otherwise I'll call security to kick you out. I'd like to see. How do you plan to kick me out? The security guards called you over here to eat. Get him out of here right now! Who dares to touch me? Yi Tianhua, Investment Manager Duan Duan Duan Zong I might be the investment manager. He caused the company to lose millions. Are you questioning my decision? Working at the same company But they fight in front of outsiders What kind of talk is this? Give me the ability Let the real test be in the live trading competition. Mr. Yi, I'm sorry Please forgive my petty offense. I'll register you for the competition right away. Miraculous healing Save my dog's life Haha, hey my dog! Your whole family should get out. Yo, proud and spirited! It seems you're quite satisfied with your situation. The study says that... (referring to Qingshan Ge) Now He's already the investment manager at Yi Tianhua. It won't be long. You can then participate in the live trading competition! Hmm, really? Why? You might also fall into the enemy's trap. He was almost swallowed up, leaving not even bones behind. With your current abilities Participating in the 18 competition might not be without its benefits. Uncle, could you teach me? Let me teach you in one sentence Ouch I'm a little hungry. Wait a minute, I'll make you some noodles. I want to try the manager's cooking. how Ah, what great craftsmanship! Uncle, wait for me! Uncle, your newspaper is here! Whose stock performance should we check first today? oops Uncle, the water's gone! Wait for me! Tea is here! Top-quality Jin Jun Mei. Tea that has been steeped 8 times Uncle Should I buy at this price point? Please have some tea, uncles. Go get a newspaper, okay? Uncle Yan Jing Are you really unwilling to be called Brother Qingshan? Yeah, if you don't want to... Make it clear to them as soon as possible Don't treat people like free laborers. His father and I have a life-or-death bond. Moreover, he is a genius in the stock market. young gifted Extremely high comprehension How could I not want to? That person said You're easily straining your muscles, bones, and skin by external training. The key is to cultivate inner strength. I'm trying to toughen him up. That's about enough. It's time to give Aoyama a little something. The research lab's newspaper What are your thoughts on today's market? Uncle, are you willing to teach me? There's nothing to teach. The technical notes contain all of them. But this stock market world Unpredictable and treacherous There is one most important magic weapon You haven't mastered it. What kind of human nature is this? Human nature is not wrong Indispensable in terms of technology But if you can't control it Human greed and fear Ultimately, it won't last long. Why do you see how nervous he is? He has a certain stock Future trends uncertain Buy Western Agriculture at a high price! nonsense No fever Uncle Hai How did you know? What do you think of him? Confident and composed Major shareholders are willing to buy on dips. He was full of confidence in his investment. This time period Stocks that can consistently generate profits It should be Guangzhou Jewelry hehe Pay attention Individual investor sentiment And make a comprehensive judgment based on the market. Look at this newspaper I will own this stock. This stock looks suspicious. With no change in fundamentals How could such a trend possibly occur? That's too cruel. The shipment was completed in just one or two days. This is human nature. Most people buy high and sell low. Unable to discern the intricacies of the major players' market manipulation. They're all just blindly following others. In the game of the stock market Compared to stock price fluctuations More importantly, it's a signal of market sentiment. Hehe, I've mastered it now. Uncle, look at me! I will definitely cheer you on. Believe in yourself It definitely can. Don't worry, I'll definitely do my best! ignorant fool Participate in the live trading competition Yang Keming, shut up! I'm really looking forward to it! One that made Yi Tianhua Losing so much money A half-baked In the live trading competition What kind of performance will it have? I'll wait and see. Ignore him He's just a... He's just a clown who only knows how to talk. You fucking dare say that again? Do you dare to move? You think I wouldn't dare stop? When will this end? This is a regional real-money trading competition. You two better watch out on the spot. Did you hear me? Pay attention! Kid, wait a minute I will definitely crush you on the field. I want you to know clearly How big is the gap between us? Intellectual disability Hello everyone, this event was organized by Dongchuan. Sponsored The New Stock Market Million-Dollar Real-Money Trading Competition Official opening Chairman of our Dongchuan Fund I was also present today. Let's give them a round of applause! Champion Not only can they advance to the national competition You can also get The right to use a total of 10 million yuan. I declare The Stock Market Million-Dollar Real-Money Trading Competition Officially Opens large Yang Keming went all in on a single stock. The price quickly rose during the trading session. The stock price was locked at the daily limit. Take the lead Other contestants They also placed bets on the same stock. They instantly took the top three spots on the list. This competition is truly full of hidden talents! What should I do, senior sister? Not good Qingshan's ranking They've already fallen behind. Don't worry, the competition has only just begun. Qingshan has more than just this ability. Today's market focus is still undetermined. You cannot go all in now. Let's play it safe and diversify our positions. Hey, let me see! After operating for so long, I still only have a 3% return. beneficial What did I say? This trash should stay in the trash can. After I achieve a great victory... The manager position is mine! Haha, Brother Qingshan Don't be discouraged! There's still one day left tomorrow. I believe you can definitely surpass them. Win the championship Yes, that's right. I'll cook you something delicious when we get back. As is well known Marathons are all about endurance. But few people know Speed at the start of a marathon It can even rival the Olympic sprint. This can't compare. Uncle, I understand what you mean. You mean you want to establish the B1 Group? Top players will accelerate Leaving the main group Avoid protracted competition The game was full of tactics and variables. Once the top players break through the encirclement It will pull away the followers. And the latter will fall behind completely. The same applies to the stock market. Now is not the time for you to play it safe. Oh, I understand. Once the difference is too great They would then be unable to keep up with the frontline troops. Trust your own judgment A meteoric rise Uncle Gao You are Guo Qingshan You may have forgotten You even taught me! Teacher Gao Guo Qingshan Yes, I still have some things to do. I'm going first. Black Mountain Brother I sold all my stocks at the opening bell. But he didn't buy anything else. What on earth is going on? What's wrong, you little punk? Are you too scared to vote? Useless things Open your dog eyes and look at me properly. Watch how I win the championship! Oh my god This kid's gone mad! How dare they invest in Duobao? Duobao Co., Ltd. hit the daily limit for two consecutive days. This kid All the funds were invested. Isn't this insane? What level Mana What is Brother Youth thinking? They only invested in Duobao stock. This stock is equivalent The technical position is already very high. The turnover rate has reached 20%. Don't rush. Wow, so many potential stocks, why aren't you buying them? But he picked a multi-treasure stock. You'll be left with nothing but your underwear later! Yeah Oh what Jewelry stocks have surged! It has left the country. That's impossible! impossible Absolutely impossible Duobao shares clearly saw high trading volume at high prices. How could it suddenly rise so fast? I want to report He is the insider. He knows the inside story, so he practices more. Don't bite like a mad dog just because you lost. Pah! You're calling me bad? Explain this to me. Duobao Co., Ltd. After a full year of restructuring Two limit-up days This is precisely the signal that the main upward wave has begun. The strong always get stronger Duobao naturally became like a wild horse. Ascending from the ground Garbage is impossible This can't be true. Duobao stock is now plummeting. only Why are so many people following suit? Aoyama is really clever. He exploited the psychology of bandwagon followers. Undeterred by risks Daring to decisively break in This is exactly what investment experts often use. Dangerous is better than dangerous Enter the tiger's den How can you catch a tiger cub? The facts are set. The results can be announced now. This live trading competition has come to a perfect end. Guo Qingshan, the champion oh Congratulations, Brother Qiang! Won the district-level competition championship You must treat me to a big meal. Just eat well. I'll treat you to a meal What's next? That's the national championship. If you win the championship again this time Then you can rewrite the history of the ancient world. Returning to the most fashionable and youthful ancient city He didn't have that chance. Who are you? Please introduce yourself. My name is Ouyang Zhengqiang There is only one purpose for asking you to come. Hand over your father The Ancient Secret Manual Left for You Were those people people hired by you? Yes, they killed my family. You're the one who kidnapped my uncle. Dead people don't need to know so much. Obediently hand over the secret manual I'll make sure you die a quick death. Do you want to hit me again like last time? This time I actually watched Huo Yuanjia. superior This punch from Lao Tzu You can't stop 20 years of skill. Oh dear Stop, Brother King Kong! You're pretty arrogant, aren't you? Haven't you fucking watched Huo Yuanjia? I only read half of it. If I read the whole thing I'll beat you to death. Fuck you Mr. Feng and Guo Qingshan He is the champion of the regional practical skills competition. Dongchuan Fund It is our responsibility to protect his safety Until the end of the national competition Mr. Hong is not here now. In broad daylight I deal with my personal grudges It seems like it has nothing to do with you. Ouyang Zhengqiang Backed by Wall Street organizations and three large foreign institutions Most skilled at trading You want to be an enemy of my Dongchuan Foundation? Let go Let me go Listen up, kid. I'll get my hands on that ancient secret manual sooner or later. Walk Many thanks, Mr. Hong Go back quickly. Call me if you need anything Brother Qingshan, you've just recovered. Why are you still working at such a high intensity? Have some fruit! Wow, our Manager Guo is so lucky! Yes, we can eat it. Food personally fed by Li Meinu I am truly blessed. Haha, oh dear. Okay, stop joking. Hurry up and get to work, look at our Miss Li! I'm sorry. Is it delicious? Is it sweet? Hehehe Dare to knock on my door I'll make you wish you were never born. Our boss can help you. Who is your boss? You'll know when you see it. Manager Huang, with your talent You shouldn't just sit in this position. Yi Tianhua has truly failed to live up to the potential of talented individuals. Mr. Ouyang, I've heard of your name. But Mr. Duan has been kind to me. I could never betray him. Why don't you think about it again? This sapphire necklace The whole body is warm and free of impurities It is a rare and top-quality material. Smooth workmanship Delicate patterns It must be the work of a master. Manager Huang indeed has a keen eye for talent. Such a valuable gift I can't afford to accept these things. Can afford Work with me This is just the beginning. As long as you listen to me I can not only make you replace Duan Xue I can also let Guo Qingshan Obediently following behind you Which company do you plan to split into? I don't know. What I mean is These stocks are all potential winners. I plan to invest in a portfolio. Although the profit is small But it's more stable. Combined with the strength or weakness of the subsequent trend Select high-quality It sounds pretty good. Congratulations on winning the 10th tournament! Cheers Ah, sorry, Manager Huang. I never drink alcohol May I ask what brings you here, Manager Huang? Is she treating me like a love rival? Okay, don't worry. I came only to tell Aoyama It's not easy being a pro. This leg, right? What did Manager Huang mean by that? The company will issue investment managers Quarterly targets If it cannot be completed I will step down. Haha, oh dear Aoyama, you've just taken office I have some news to tell you. In recent years The company Yuexiangke is affected by external factors. The situation has not been very optimistic. However recently They are making adjustments It's a good opportunity The target tasks haven't been completed yet. Why are you so kind as to help me with Qingshan's project? Because I have high hopes for Qingshan. Unlike some vases that primarily serve as companions. Without any help Who are you cursing? Qingshan, remember to learn more about it. Someone is shorting this company. And you'll be very interested in your opponents. Oh my, those legs! What Manager Huang said is indeed true. A company is using funds to dump shares. Attempting to short this beverage company The techniques used Exactly the same as the attack on Yi Tianhua You mean Ouyang Zhengqiang died? But this Huang Jingrou You have a conflict with Ouyang Zhenqiang. Could this be a trap? Whether it's a trap or not is unimportant. Let's do some market research ourselves. You'll know. Boss, give me a bottle of this. You actually have this beverage called Yuexiangke here? I haven't seen it in a long time Give me another bottle. Is this drink really that delicious? Of course. I grew up drinking it. It's a pity. Currently on the market I'd like to try this brand of beverage. fewer and fewer It's out of stock in many places. As usual, the payment can be made into the account. Walk slowly The stock of Lexiangke The market has been falling for the past two years. Especially recently, it has been declining. It's estimated that they'll go bankrupt soon. I'm afraid I won't be able to drink this beverage anymore. What? Then I'll have two more bottles! Boss, give me two more bottles. This is the beverage sales situation over the past two days. He Ying, look Enjoy this beverage Despite being heavily suppressed in the market However, it has a high user stickiness. Therefore, I think this is a good opportunity. The market potential for Yuexiangke is enormous. Even if you buy it It's also a last-ditch effort And it's even possible. Lifting a stone to drop it on one's own foot Warren Buffett says others are fearful I am greedy I believe that true gold is not afraid of being tested by fire. Recently The branded beverage Enjoy Seize the market Yuexiangge Food Co., Ltd. The stock price miraculously rose in a volatile manner. Many people say I've rediscovered the taste of my childhood. Ouyang Zongyi Tianhua Investment Large amounts of capital have entered the market. Many investors followed suit and invested. Yuexiangke has recovered its market value. Guo Qingshan's game has begun Brother Qingshan, you're really amazing! Enjoy Customers Selling Well Good Color continues to show an upward trend New funds continue to enter the market This time Ouyang Zhengqiang It seems we're going to miss out on the market rally. I'm just guiding you. Mainly this product It is already recognized by everyone. This attracted investors to follow suit. Otherwise, it wouldn't have such a good effect. However, I don't understand it very well either. But I think it's amazing. I'll cook you a big meal tonight. Let's have a good celebration! Thanks a lot Huo Huo today But it's a very good color Chairman's Interview Day The chairman said You should thank me. Investors' favor This is a win-win situation. If the product itself is faulty... Then no matter how much we do, it's useless. I had only seen photos before. This is amazing! Haha, Brother Shan, I've heard so much about you! I started from the regional-level practical competition I've been watching you You saved Enjoy Class! That's truly a childhood memory for me. How about this, I'll become your disciple today. I didn't prepare any red envelopes today. Brother Qingshan, you have a little fanboy now. I think since he's so sincere... Why don't you just take him in? Look, the chairman is out! Chairman, please ask What are your thoughts on this surge in your company's stock price? What are your thoughts? Stock price soared Originating from childhood The kids who drank our beverages Their kindness is what helps me. So many years We let quality speak for itself. I promise We will never forget our original aspiration and strive for... Help! Help! Help! Save lives Comrades who rescued people Let's go back first. Brother Zhang Read today's newspaper Yuexiangke Group Co., Ltd. Suspected food safety issues Is it consumption? Poisonous drinks that evoke childhood nostalgia This is outrageous! This must have been a setup. What a coincidence! The problem arose right in front of the camera after drinking. Yuexiangke is definitely being targeted by its competitors. No They might be targeting us. They actually resorted to such despicable means. How despicable! Rumors are rampant now Someone said before Yuexiang Technology's stock price is sluggish. It's because of a quality issue. This stock price fluctuation They think We're here to reap the rewards. More and more stocks The people left. Guo Qingshan has finally found you. I've finally found you! That bastard That brother and sister of ours got into trouble. There must be some misunderstanding here. Don't rush, everyone. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes Let's all calm down first. Let's talk slowly. Calm Guo Qingshan is young and has not learned good things. They're just ripping off us ordinary folks. Because of you I bought shares of Yuexiangke. The stock price has now plummeted. What do you suggest we do? I have elderly parents to care for and young children to raise. Now we've not only lost money... Still owes a mountain of debt You're trying to ruin my family! You guys are really shameless! How dare you say such shameless things? Yes, the stock market is ever-changing. There's no such thing as a sure thing. Hands are part of your body. Brother Qingshan didn't recommend you guys. It's not his fault. I've lost everything, I'm completely finished. How am I going to explain this to my wife? Okay everyone, please be quiet. Although you suffered losses this time It has no direct relation to me But we are now in the same boat. So you can rest assured. I will definitely help you. Overcoming this difficulty Really, Aoyama? There really is a way to solve this. That's great, is that okay? Oh dear, it was just baring its teeth and biting people a moment ago. The dog's tail started wagging. What is it? Say less Okay everyone, go home and wait for news. Okay, okay, thank you for your help now. So, Brother Qingshan What exactly are your plans? The lunar phases class is currently under intense scrutiny. Rumors can kill! Brother Shan, what are your plans? I'll listen to you. Only magic can defeat magic. Brother Qingshan, is it really okay for you to do this? This kind of person is after money Even dignity is worthless Of course, one can also turn against their employer. Hey, I'm familiar with He Ying. You and Huo Huo will act in this scene. Brother Shan, I also have eight-pack abs and I'm a beauty queen. Not suitable for you Where are the eight-pack abs? Quickly change your clothes Go to your positions. Where are my abs? I'm going to the restroom. Hey, stop yelling! This is your own fault. Come sit down You have to listen to that damned bastard. Drinking poison to frame the owner of Yuexiangke We didn't get a single penny. Your health has deteriorated. How will we live from now on? I didn't expect it either. Would such a big boss lie to me? Luckily, I used to be healthy. It needs to be a little weaker. He'll probably have to use a wheelchair. Ouch, ouch, ouch Let's take advantage of the current popularity... Let's go find the media. The crime committed by Ouyang Zhengqiang was exposed. maybe The owner of Yuexiangke took pity on us. They can also give you a resettlement allowance. We're the ones who screwed them over. What's wrong with that? The owner of Yuexiangke But he's a really good person. As long as we actively admit our mistakes They will definitely help us. Head of household Were we scammed too? Oh, look at you! I'm so heartbroken and so annoyed The show is about to begin Hello, the number you dialed is currently switched off. mother goose Ah, sir He Ouyang Zhengqiang They even cheated me out of the money I earned by risking my life. Since that's the case Don't blame me for fighting you to the death. Help me up Where are we going now, my dear? Go to Yuexiangke Company I want to clarify all his crimes. How is your recovery going? It is said Since you started drinking Yuexiangke beverages Then he contracted a serious illness. Suffering from serious illness Is this situation true? That's a load of rubbish. Someone threatened me. Let me frame Yuexiangke Company There is nothing wrong with Yuexiangke beverages. Could you please tell me about this? He told the whole story. We all I will definitely get justice for you. These are all Ouyang Zhengqiang's conspiracies. He forced me Let me frame you Yuexiangke Food Co., Ltd. I take full responsibility for what I say. Ouyang Zhengqiang this time is You lost. You're about to lose both your money and your loved ones. Reversing bone age is a piece of cake. Hey, is everything settled? Guo Qingshan, you bastard, shut up! Guo Qingshan is a formidable young man! Unexpectedly at this critical juncture You can still turn the tide? Ouyang Zhengqiao I knew you'd come. This war was your idea. Go get him! Look at those reporters behind you. They're all being filmed. I think they would be happy to take the photos. This scene of you, Mr. Ouyang, hitting someone Guo Jingshan, let me tell you I've never lost. I will not lose to you. Stop talking nonsense You kidnapped my uncle It ruined my family and caused my death. Each and every one of these events is etched in my memory. Don't worry, I remember. I will make you repay a hundredfold. 100 times repayment Kid Do you think...? You have seen through human nature. You've mastered the stock market! You're still too green. When you lose everything I will make you kneel before me. I'm offering up my stock market secrets with both hands. Let's ride a donkey and read the script Has the person arrived? Please ask him to come up. Guo Qingshan, let's see how you fight me. Ouyang Zong You only have 10 minutes Li Lijun, who dominated the stock market ten years ago As expected, it lives up to its reputation. He really is an impatient person. If Mr. Ouyang comes to see me to reminisce... I'm sorry, I won't play along. My time is very precious. Okay, I'll keep it short. I would like to invite you to participate in the live trading competition. I'm not interested. Apart from the now-deceased Guo Tian No one else is qualified to make me take action. Mr. Ouyang, you should find someone else. A dark horse emerged in this live trading competition. He is Guo Tian's son, Guo Qingshan. He inherited all of his father's abilities. Could it be such a formidable opponent? Don't you want to give it a try? Guo Tian's son Brother Qingshan, Huohuo, how did you get here? Already Brother Qingshan, at noon today... The store wasn't busy. You're a workaholic. I knew you hadn't eaten. Come no Eat up! This is the noodle I made especially for you. Coco, you should sit down and eat with us too. I'm not hungry, you should eat. Hey, who's this? She brought her lewdness to the company. Who are you? I delivered food to Brother Qingshan. What does this have to do with you? Of course they are related. Aoyama is about to participate National Demonstration Competition But you gave him noodles to eat. Is this a rip-off? What if I get sick from eating it? You eat this in Jinshan This is premium beef chuck. I booked it two days in advance. You've been overusing your brain lately. Make sure to nourish your brain Sorry, Manager Huang I don't like eating lamb or similar foods. I still like to eat The noodles at our house are hot. Oh, Green Mountain I know you're blaming me. But if you blame me again You can't take your own body Just kidding. Come on, listen to me! Ah, Manager Huang I really don't blame you. The information you provided is accurate. But no one could have predicted what would happen next. The follow-up to Yuexiangke beverage It actually fermented so much! Fortunately, nothing serious happened. So it was you! The culprit who framed Brother Qingshan He almost got killed How dare you come here now? You're shameless! No matter what Even better than you, a vase that only knows how to be lowly. Much more powerful Say it again. Okay, okay, um Huanhuan walks Brother will take you to eat something. Refusing a toast 吃fuck you Flower Don't bother with him. I just can't stand him. It was clearly him. I only like to flirt with you. Who am I to you? Lady, do you know? Staring at someone like that is very impolite. They look so alike! Exactly the same as Guo Tian when he was young They're practically identical. You mean Uncle Tian? How could you recognize that? Know My Dad Your father is my greatest enemy in this life. We've been battling it out in the stock market for a full 20 years. However, they have been neck and neck for a long time. Even if he were reduced to ashes, I would still recognize him. So what is the purpose of your visit this time? Aren't you supposed to participate in the national live trading competition? Just in time We can have a showdown. It just fulfilled my dream. I will kill you without leaving a single piece of armor. Make your father die with regrets. I don't care who you are. But if you dare to insult my father I'll make you regret it for the rest of your life. I hope your abilities outweigh your stubbornness. This woman seems pretty formidable. Have you heard your uncle mention this before? My dad never mentioned her. and Most skilled traders in the stock market I've researched them all. But I haven't seen any information about him. That's really strange. It's normal that we can't find his information. Because on the day your father left He then withdrew from the stock market under an assumed name. Mr. Duan, do you know him? Back then, he and your father That's a legend in the entire stock market. How many people followed their lead back then? Make a fortune I earned my first pot of gold from him. Yeah, if it weren't for him There would be no Yi Tianhua today. Senior Sister, could it be...? What you said It's the same name as Aoyama's father. Nan Jun Bei Tian Nan Jun Li Li Jun That's right, after your father left. He then disappeared without a trace. It's said that it's because they can't find any opponents. So I left heartbroken. But this time it has returned to the national real-money trading competition. And his goal is you But sister You must participate in a regional live trading competition. champion Only then are they eligible to participate in the national competition. Li Lijun's sudden return Wouldn't he not even qualify for the competition? Ah, that's a very famous stock market... Legendary figure did you know If he participates Its influence Even attracting many institutions to enter the market The organizers all sought it. How could we possibly turn him away? Then wouldn't Brother Qingshan be Brother Qingshan? Isn't Brother Qingshan in danger? I know Qingshan National Real-Money Trading Competition It's about to begin This result... A Cheng Yaojin appeared out of nowhere This might be very stressful for you. But it is precisely at this time The more you accumulate knowledge and experience, the more you need to unleash your potential. Show some real skills Don't worry, Mr. Duan. I will do my best. Please come in. Ordinary Brother You haven't slept for two days. Today is the national live trading competition. Your background I will definitely win this time. This scene is really big. As expected of a national competition Professor Li, the bespectacled uncle Today is the National Competition We two old folks Of course I had to come and cheer you on! Green mountains I've handed over everything I was supposed to. That's enough to do right by your father. The rest of the road... You're on your own now. Li Lijun is here today. Don't let him affect your mindset. Just go at your own pace. come on Go Shan Ge! Keep it up, sir! Welcome everyone Reaching the finals of the National Demonstration Competition All contestants are now in place. under I will now announce the rules of today's competition. Each player receives 1 million chips. as initial capital Within the specified time The player with the most chips wins. Awarded the title of stock market guru Will donate 1% of the shares free of charge. Gift to today's champion stock market guru The loser returns 1 million chips. Any excess can be given to the individual. No more, no less Then there will be no reward or punishment. Damn, isn't this basically getting it for free? Yeah, it makes me want to go up there too. Hmm, what are you thinking? Those people on stage They are all champions from various regional competitions. Let's just watch the show. The National Demonstration Competition Finals Now Begin Dad and Brother Qingshan made a move. I bought a lotus-themed TV. It seems that Aoyama put in a lot of effort beforehand. Ah, Lotus TV Undisputed national leader The weighting is extremely high. As expected of Brother Shan Indeed, he had foresight. Li Lijun also made a move. He actually bought shares in Magpie TV. They made such big statements before. It turned out to be all show and no substance. Even someone as incompetent as me knows this. This lotus TV and magpie TV It's simply incomparable. The two stocks are not in the same league. This old woman is doomed to lose. Knowing that I'm only a mediocre person Don't make random comments. So as not to influence other people's judgment. This woman doesn't play by the rules. He's a tough character. Guo Qingshan's Lotus TV It rose by 3% instantly. Li Lijun, on the other hand, went all in. Magpie TV breaks in However, it only rose by 0.5%. The difference is too big! It's not about that female emperor. Was it a god from the ancient realm? I think it's all just hype. That's right, he even... Guo Jinshan Not even as good as one toe It seems I'm really getting old. It's no longer useful. Sigh, if it were me... I think that's okay. So much time has passed Brother Qingshan's Lotus TV It rose another 1%. And Li Lijun's Magpie TV Not only did it not rise It also fell by 0.5%. This time, Brother Qingshan is guaranteed to win. So It was Brother Qingshan who defeated Li Lijun. Although there is no final version But judging from this trend Shan Ge is clearly superior. That old woman is beyond catching up with. In my opinion, we should go back first. We prepared a celebration banquet for Brother Shan in advance. Even Li Lijun was no match for Brother Shan. Needless to say, others Sweep directly You don't win until the very end. You are still far from it Is all you can do is talk? The competition has only just begun. I will then crush you with profits several times higher than yours. Can't catch up You don't actually think you've already won, do you? Facts speak louder than words Let's make a bet. Today's closing price I will definitely surpass you. Old hag, are you out of your mind? You can't even surpass Brother Shan's current profits. With so little time left, you still want to overtake? Li Lijun's strength It shouldn't be just this little bit. He lost so much that he didn't even have his underwear left. How dare he threaten Guo Qingshan? I think he hasn't paid attention to the stock market for a long time. Can't grasp it anymore? I was originally thinking of investing in him as well. Thankfully, I managed to hold back. After all, she's still just a woman. Dad, this Li Lijun Why is he so confident? He is clearly not as good as Emotional intelligence classes: Stock market trends are constantly changing. Some unpopular stocks It might soar into the sky in an instant. It all depends on the trader's decisions. An excellent trader Through certain technical aspects Unique features Predicting future trends Thus, deployment can be carried out in advance. That means Jinshan's victory was not guaranteed. Yes, old ginger is spicier. Li Lijun has been in seclusion for many years. Not only did his skill not diminish On the contrary, it is stronger It seems he's been keeping busy all along. It's almost time for the market to close. There was still no movement. I think he's just faking it. Don't blink! The storm is coming soon This zombie is a phenomenon that hasn't been seen in nearly a century. You'll regret it for the rest of your life if you miss it. What should you do next? What kind of joke is this? Huh, what a joke! Holy crap, how is this possible? Magpie stock skyrockets Surpassed in an instant Lotus stock consistently ranks first This is incredible. I've been trading stocks for over ten years. I've never seen it before. Such a bizarre curve It actually surged by 10% Am I seeing things? They actually overtook them! And it's so easy to surpass! Truly worthy of being called the Southern Lord! If you don't speak, then you're done. Able to turn the tide in an instant That's amazing! They were able to guess the magpie's starting point. Moreover, the palm strike was fierce. What a monster! Brother Qingshan, you must hold on! Even if you have bone age, Guo Qingshan So what if you make a comeback? Not cannon fodder Feel the despair. How could a magpie possibly pass through a lotus flower? No, that's impossible! The facts are set in stone. What else do you have to say? Why exactly? You did indeed choose quality stocks. Lotus TV became a hit across the country. Magpies are indeed not worth mentioning. The magpie's value lies in its concentration. Deeply cultivate the Yangtze River Delta market Extremely high market share in the local area Compared to the lotus industry giant Magpies are small and agile. Therefore, with the rapid rise of lotus flowers Hot money in the market followed the logic of lotus flowers. Looking for alternatives Magpies are easy to find In contrast to lotus flowers, magpies... The amount of funds needed to boost the price Only 1/10 There will be a lot of hot money. A sudden influx of money into the Magpie stock, which was undergoing a correction. This resulted in a strong rebound that hit the daily limit. So it's a case of small fish eating big fish. You're not too stupid, are you? I lost this confrontation. I lost. Don't worry, you won't win next time either. Brother Shan, don't worry. We still have a chance The National Teacher Training Competition isn't over yet. Yes, yes, that's it! Okay, let's go home and I'll cook you something delicious. OK Still stubbornly holding on, huh? Then I'll let you know. The last straw that broke the camel's back We can get started now. Shay well, why does he sound so panicked? You did it. Is that right? Don't talk nonsense! I was sitting in my office. I'll call you properly. How did I do something bad? Is it because you've become too famous and attracted too much attention that you've offended people? How about this? You hand over the Ancient Spirit Manual to me Withdraw from the competition I'll find someone to protect you. Rescue your uncle while you're at it. How did you dream? Never mind. Who told you not to give me a chance to protect you? Hey hey Hold It's absolutely shameless. I never expected this. Ouyang Zhenqiang is full of evil schemes. I really want to smash his head in. Hey Jinshan Ge So what are your plans next? I don't care. But I'm worried about you. I'm also worried about my uncle. Brother Qingshan, have you thought this through? What if you give in the first time? There will be a second and a third time. You won't be able to save us then. It won't save your uncle either. Even you yourself will be limited by him You absolutely cannot compromise on this matter. Only by winning the championship Become the president of the Ancient Forest Federation Only you are qualified to stand against Ouyang Zhengqiang. Rescue your uncle again Forget it, I don't want to think about it anymore. I thought that That could break down my psychological defenses. But he was too naive. I won't do it that easily. He defeated Third Brother You will definitely win the national competition. Go for it! It's about taking down that Li Lijun! You are the ultimate stock market guru It seems Your uncle isn't that important to you. You thought You used those underhanded methods Can you defeat me? That's just wishful thinking. It doesn't matter. Anyway, today is the deadline for the competition. I want to see you with my own eyes utterly defeated Li Lijun, once known as the "male emperor" That's really something! His portfolio was aggressively expanding. It's just 5 stocks. What's so great about it? Is the current stock market showdown...? It relies on the advantage of numbers These 5 stocks It is coal, electricity, oil, transportation, and consumption. Fully compatible The mainstream view of mutual funds Specific stocks They are all top performers in their respective industries. Good, 5 stocks account for 80% of the portfolio. The remaining 20% of the position Playing guerrilla warfare on 5 stocks Hotspot Start Add to position in time Hotspot switching Step by step Enough to achieve victory through stability Very steady indeed My amount of funds is not large. The game is short-term. The only way to exploit the characteristics of pyramid schemes is to turn around. Waiting for market hotspots Night Strike Oh no, this is bad! Guo Qingshan is now closing out his positions. Li Lijun It has been gradually rising. Look at the 0.5% gain on Monday. Tuesday 1%, Wednesday flat. Li Lijun pressed on step by step. Guo Qingshan's chances are slim. Are you planning to hold onto your early gains? Hesitant and timid I still know I can't win. I acted passively. They admitted defeat and surrendered. Brother Shen They wouldn't really give in and compromise, would they? Why have I been holding no positions? We need to find a way. Give it a blow That woman's arrogance Yeah, that's it. I'm getting impatient! I don't know what the situation is now. Don't rush It's time to make a move. Oh my god, is this for real? Guo Qingshan at 10:30 I went all in. Shanghu Auto rose two points Shanghu Automobile It followed the main trend of rising consumer spending in the home appliance sector. Continuing to lead the market to break through upwards short time Shanghai Automotive shares rose by 7%! Li Lijun's account I also increased my holdings in consumer stocks today. However, due to the dispersed positions The overall increase was only 1.5%. In other words Guo Qingshan overtook them in just one day. The funds in the live trading competition are small. My advantage lies in my flexibility. You can quickly enter and exit. With ease of movement Rather than participating in the adjustment It's better to wait for the market to become clearer. Find the direction of attack Following the operations of mainstream funds Get in the car and drive fast. Get off the bus and observe at the right time. I lost, I lost Li Lijun lost. With the inertia of rising prices in Shanghai's automotive sector Sold in batches On average He earned 2%. Li Lijun only accounted for 0.5%. Guo Qingshan won We can't predict the next hot topic. Traders are human, not gods. You can't rely on luck to gamble. Sub-account operation The probability of stepping into the next hot topic is higher. My account this week Making money almost every day Because I had the advantage in the early stages. Therefore, I took a conservative approach this time. Guo Qingshan dared to take action at crucial moments. Indeed, the younger generation is truly formidable. Brother Qingshan, you win. Why not give them a good beating? His arrogance! There is no right or wrong His subsequent trading style More suitable for conservative operations with large capital However, once the market falls... Then it will be difficult for him to sell in time. steady rise It will then become a steady pullback. My strategy of going short and attacking from the right side There will be no loss. If The stock market chose to continue its upward trend and break through resistance levels. From the perspective of band trading He did not However, the market situation did not specify. I simply adopted More suitable for funds and the operational methods of the competition rules Advantages of retail investors Just to maximize its potential I won the game He won popularity A win-win situation, that's what you call a strategic mindset, hahaha. Congratulations! This child is teachable. As excellent as your father It seems that Lao Guo is still the better one. He beat me. If anything comes up later Call me Rivals and friends Aoyama will announce the results soon. Let's go over there too. Look, Mr. Hong is here! Could it be The organizer of this national competition Mr. Hong Zhixin Gentlemen The national competition has officially come to a close. The winner is Guo Qingshan Mr. Ouyang, is there anything else you would like to say? Competitions have their own rules. I have nothing to say. Haha, since that's the case... Then please, Mr. Glasses. According to the original agreement To announce The champion of this national real-money trading competition I hereby declare the champion of this national competition to be... Huiying I promised to treat you to dinner. Seriously, why not pick something else? I think the noodles are great value for money. It's delicious and filling too. I love so much Miss Li is so easily satisfied? I'm sorry about what happened to Aoyama before. As compensation I have some news about Ouyang Zhengqiang. I need to give you a message. Don't Another undercover agent sent by Ouyang Zhengqiang Come and harm Brother Qingshan If I were an undercover agent And I want to see the green hills. Gain his trust I'm afraid Miss Li won't be involved anymore. Brother Qingshan, don't believe him. This woman only cares about profit. Oh, the ways of the world! I understand, it's about exchanging benefits. Don't step on it. Sit down Ha Wang Zong What do you mean by this? Drink with me, you or Not drinking beer It's not here. Come to my house and drink with me. I'll be waiting for you. That woman doesn't seem like a good person. Brother Qingshan, you'd better watch out! Hmm, she can't possibly eat me, can she? I'm afraid she'll eat you up, leaving not even bones. Jin Qingshan Ge He Ying En What brings you here so late at night? Of course I want to invite you out to celebrate. Celebrating you! Victory Hey, you're going out too? Could it be that we are telepathically connected? Well I have an appointment to meet Huang Jinru today. Is there something urgent? Nothing important Yes, it's both business and personal. Would it be convenient for you to take me with you? What do you think of Huang Jingru? Isn't she both beautiful and smart? She is the perfect woman in your heart. There is no such thing as a perfect woman. No one is perfect. So, so, in your heart, we're more... Who is more perfect between the two of us? If you compare him I think Fish Leong is more mature and composed. Beautiful and sexy Then I wish you both a pleasant meal. May you have a happy life. I haven't finished talking yet. No matter how good he is We weren't on the same path either. I was planning to take you out today. But you're like this... I want to go I definitely want to go. I want to see. What kind of meeting was it? Is it worth dressing up like this to see him? hey-hey No wonder No wonder he wouldn't come home with me. It turns out he was with Miss Li. That is indeed inconvenient. Congratulations, Aoyama! He became a god of the ancient world. Manager Huang, you're too kind. We met once Is there anything I can help you with? Please tell me Not so bad, I'm just afraid that when the time comes... Miss Li is unwilling to lend you to me. Brother Qingshan isn't some kind of object. What's the point of talking about borrowing? Besides, Miss Huang Since he is Brother Qingshan's partner As long as it involves interests Of course I will definitely support him unconditionally. Right, Aoyama-kun? I was just waiting for Miss Li to say that. Follow me, Qingshan I have something very important to tell you. Okay, it seems so. Ms. Huang There must be something very important going on. Otherwise, you should avoid saying it to me. Very important thing My relationship with Qingshan's partners It is inconvenient to listen in Let's go to Qingshan. Don't worry, I'll be right away. Manager Huang, what is this? Qingshan, what do you think of me? Aha Manager Huang's business capabilities That is undoubtedly true. Let me ask you a question. You should answer honestly. Someone told me The reason you're so good at playing the stock market is... Because There is a stock market genius's secret manual that has been lost for many years. Even Ouyang Zhengqiang wanted it Is it true? The more exaggerated the story, the less credible it is. I'll probably carry it with me at all times. Would you mind if I searched it up? Manager Huang is overthinking it. Have you overthought this? Let me see, and I'll know. Or did you break up with your boyfriend? This is what you call official business. Do you like him? You're overthinking it. How could that be? When traveling It's better to have more friends than more enemies, right? tomorrow The Ancient Spirits Conference is about to be held. You can make contact in that kind of place Even more powerful figures in the ancient world I just can't figure it out. Why are you staring at one thing? Where is Huang Jingru? Ancient Meeting Green Mountain is amazing! Many stock market investors now highly regard you. They all want to elect you as president. No, no, no I am young after all My lack of experience makes me unsuitable to be the president of this association. Hmph, what are you saying? This is driven by the will of the people. Everyone agrees, right? He always only left his phone number. She never let me take her home. I heard you once fell in love with him too. I was once just as unable to extricate myself. You said you can't learn to pretend to be cool. But she told me not to give up on her too soon. To portray the past as a myth Then they laughed at each other's foolishness. That dance you did... Your noodles are really good. Really? Brother Qingshan, you're amazing! You can tell at a glance The following are the differences between me and other employees Try it! Delicious Fruit Really, the noodles you put down That's enough for you to enter a food competition. Really? What about before? I always feel like I can't be of much help to you. As long as Brother Jinshan is happy I'll make you noodles every day from now on. He's already the president. Why are you still eating noodles here? Could it be that this little girl made the noodles? It tastes even better than any delicacy. You really have to say What delicacies None of them can compare to our Huo Huo The noodles are delicious Hey, what do you want from me? I was planning to invite you out for dinner to celebrate. But it seems we're too late today. Then I'll make it for tomorrow. I'm sorry, Ms. Huang What about tomorrow? Brother Qingshan has already made an appointment with me. And also I promised to give him noodles, right? Miss Li is truly virtuous. Why don't you take me with you to eat? I happen to have some questions. I should consult Professor Li. Oh, I'm sorry. At home Never entertain outsiders It's even less likely that we'd serve noodles to outsiders. Right, my lover? It's okay. We have plenty of time to get to know each other. If not tomorrow, there's always the day after. If not the day after tomorrow, there's always the day after that. There are plenty of opportunities I can also make noodles for Brother Jinshan! Uh cough Seeking Professor Li is a pretense Getting closer to me is the real key. It seems he hasn't given up after all. Looking for so-called secret manuals Is there anything else, Mr. Zhang? I'll be going now, nothing else. Do you want to surpass Guo Qingshan? What surpass Guo Qingshan was above him I don't need to do that. I can now make money even near Qingshan. And it's less than what you get in one day. Much more Don't forget that you betrayed him. Can he trust you 100%? Furthermore It seems Guo Qingshan prefers Li Heying. Where do you get the confidence to beat Li Hui? Feelings are the most useless thing. In one's own hands That is the most authentic For example, the secret manual in Guo Qingshan's hand Let's cooperate How about using shared tips to dominate the stock market? But Guo Qingshan Not only the president of the Ancient Spirits Federation Many stock market experts also highly recommend it. Just the two of us Even if you can't win, you have to fight. My spirit I will not lose this time. I don't care What can you do? That kid Guo Qingshan Go all out against him! We must force him to take desperate measures. no way Win the trial game competition He also served as the president of the Ancient Spirits Society. I can't beat him. This is your business. I only know If you don't do as I say You will be in a worse situation than you are now. Whatever you want I've come to this point today. It's all because I'm being manipulated by you. I have nothing left. All I have left is this wretched life. You're not doing it for yourself. Think of your family too. Your daughter is adorable. dad I at least have my daughter as a family member. Don't touch her. I'm begging you. I beg you, please don't move. Don't worry, my lovely child It always evokes feelings of pity. But if you don't do as I say... My heart of pity I don't know if it still exists. I'll give you five seconds to think it over. 543 Woof woof woof woof woof woof woof woof Woof woof woof woof woof woof woof Wang Brother Jinshan, eat slowly. Don't choke me, I have an appointment with He Ying later. Don't be late. It turns out to be Sister Heying That's good, I think. Sister Crane Shadow Much better than that Manager Huang. That woman looks shrewd and calculating. Brother Qingshan, you can't beat her. I'll definitely be bullied less in the future. You little brat He's really good at judging people. Hmph, of course Manager Huang, what brings you here? Why aren't you welcoming me? I Of course I'm here to talk to you, the leader of the Ancient Spirit Alliance. Asking questions That Manager Huang I made an appointment with someone. or I'll make you some noodles another day. I'll answer your question later. I know you're on a date with Ms. Li. If you don't mind, please take me with you. I believe Miss Li is so kind She wouldn't mind. Brother Qingshan, you're here! Hi, we meet again. Qingshan called me here. He clearly likes you, don't talk nonsense. Hey, don't take it out! What were you watching next? Let me see I don't see anything interesting. Aoyama, you're really biased. You whisper something to Miss Li I was left out You insisted on coming along. Just stay here by yourself. But I like being a third wheel. Illuminate you with light and heat let me see What secrets lie hidden in the darkness? Yo, our president Why waste your precious youth on dating? How to study notes in the room And Uncle Stock Please stop teasing me. I'm currently caught between two women. I'm so frustrated! The whole afternoon They haven't done anything worthwhile. You're quite lucky with the ladies! Besides He Ying, who else? Huo Huo, stop messing around! I've always treated Huo Huo like my own younger sister. It's Manager Huang It's Yi Tianhua's... I know this woman. Their ambition and methods are extraordinary. I never thought Ambition is a derogatory term. He has formidable abilities. He also has a very intelligent mind. If possible I want to become his partner. Imperial Edict Arrives You are sincere. Don't worry, the wind is currently shrouded in mist. I want to understand this situation. We must get moving first. As long as you know what's going on, that's fine. But from now on You need to be extra careful. Because you became famous Many people already have doubts about you. What do you suspect me of? doubt you Either you have a mentor to guide you Or they obtained some secret weapon. This is the price of fame. He Ying's hostility towards Manager Huang not necessarily It's just jealousy between women. He's protecting you. Master is right Take a look at this. This is a new listed company. Based on the data I currently have... He's very popular now. Looking at the current trend It has potential for the future. Have you checked any other information? I have already asked someone to investigate. As soon as he has detailed information It will be sent to me immediately. We'll combine that with technical analysis then. and the contents of the notes We knew Is he worth hiring? Be careful Like these newly emerged Once some information is hidden It will affect our judgment Is the person you found trustworthy? I want to believe him this once. I have already received the information you gave me. It was all given to Guo Qingshan If he gets his heart They will definitely mobilize you. Prepared in advance That's good, I'll help you this time. It's to repay you for telling me The favor of taking notes If you lose I will not lose I have nothing left to lose. Fight him I will risk my life Look at him like this You still need to prepare a backup plan for yourself. How's this view? Is it worth buying? Oh, Teacher Guo! You see When will it reach its peak? Let's talk after Qingshan finishes reading it. Do you think there's a problem? Yes, there is indeed a problem. Brother, let's take a look at the market first. When we get rich... Baijiu, red wine, and wine are all available. Haha, okay, okay. No more joking around. No findings yet Based on the stock's trend Based on a comprehensive assessment of the market It should be worth buying. But... But what? Tell me quickly! However, I suggest Let's take another look. It's better to be more stable. This stock has been performing very well recently. Some retail investors have already bought in. Moreover, according to data analysis It should continue to rise in the future. Aoyama, what exactly are your concerns? Insufficient data Insufficient information My cultivation level There is no data or information yet. In the case of both being incomplete To predict the future trend of a stock Fortune favors the bold. But that's not the way to ask for it. Are you still hesitating? I've looked at the materials you gave me. I've also seen the various data you analyzed. From the current perspective Now is the best time to buy. So what are you waiting for? Could it be that you don't believe me? Of course not Someone just taught me In the stock market The problems shown and the problems that have been exposed It is often not the most important thing Everyone can see Everyone can naturally and effectively avoid it. Therefore, the problems that were not exposed That's the most important thing. Not exposed You mean financial reports? Company Information There was also human intervention. sound You simply don't believe. The materials I gave you Personally speaking I am very willing to believe you. But as an investor I must be held responsible for my confidentiality. I understand, but Aoyama, if you're willing to believe me You should believe everything I give you. Isn't that right? You know my capabilities. If you don't want to believe me We're going to your house tonight. Learn more Qingshan, I swear on myself There will be no problem. If you still don't believe it I give myself to you No need, Manager Huang I bought this stock, etc. Hey, what's wrong? You can't easily trust him. What do you know about this company? All of this comes from the information he gave you. Even the rhetoric came from him. How could you so easily trust him? Miss Li's prejudice against me is really huge. Aoyama's ability I'll follow him from now on. They only think about wealth and luxury. How could I have harmed him? Let's just say it. What is your purpose? Of course, there is a purpose. How about Qingshan accepting me as his apprentice? Do you have a powerful backer? Do you really have some secret technique? I just want to follow you Brother Qingshan, you heard it all, right? He had a purpose. He is my sweetheart. You absolutely must not go to his bed. Oh dear, aren't you overthinking this? Miss Li is indeed young. He can't handle things. What happened? They all acted like they were fighting over a man. If this continues... Brother Xishan will collaborate with every woman from now on. Wouldn't you all jump out? Make him give up the cooperation Oh, so that's specifically targeting me? How could you possibly fall for such a brainless idiot? Women Your taste isn't very good either, Huang Jingru Oh, you should go back first. Don't worry about this. I make my own judgment. Guo Qingshan, you're driving me away Is it because you believe him? How could I possibly send you away? Just this matter It's hard to explain in a short time. You should go back first. Let me decide for myself Then tell me first. Do you want to buy this stock? want Then I'll leave if you have anywhere. Who can I hope for? They argued because of me That's not worth it. You just said you wanted to become my disciple. Does it still count? You're willing to take me in? If you accept this, you must teach it everything you know! How do you know I won't share everything I know? We'll find out when we go to your house tonight. All your skills should be there. You said you were going to invest here, huh? I saw him invest with my own eyes. For this investment He also had a disagreement with Li Huiying. Guo Qingshan trusts me a lot now. Did you see the secret manual? not yet Even if I see it, I won't give it to you. How can you get him to trust you? It doesn't matter As long as he falls into the trap Aren't you afraid he won't hand over the secret manual? This is good news. I want to tell him Then he can let my daughter go. Who is he? completion I succeeded. Let me know when the results are out, hey hey. Bastard Bastard Damn it! Who are you talking to on the phone? Could this revenge war be the reason behind it? Is someone reminding you? No one instructed me You saw nothing. I heard nothing Don't tell anyone. You are absolutely forbidden to tell Guo Jingshan. Did you hear me? Neuropathy Hey, have you all bought them? I bought it. According to Yi Tianhua's publicly available information Ah, Guo Qingshan bought it. His choice must be right. Yes, so I bought it too. But I heard Guo Qingshan has also been advising everyone Be careful, he's not an invincible general. After he becomes famous So you're not going to help us make money anymore? Never mind, just follow him. Absolutely guaranteed profit Me I'll buy the same car as him. Enlisting so soon I believe him Since everything is normal at the company Let's proceed according to our previous prediction. This stock is definitely worth buying. As long as you keep an eye on the market and company news I won't buy Since it's your decision I naturally wouldn't say anything more. Do you still think This company has problems. It's because of that Miss Huang Although he pesters Brother Qinshan every day But I still have that much confidence. Moreover, His character isn't very good either. Give him the information Also ambiguous It has absolutely no reference value. You've been researching for two months. Have you discovered any flaws in your research? Newly listed Zhong Sheng International undergoes financial transformation Just two months after its launch It has already lost nearly 300 million yuan. The company's secondary market share price A precipitous drop My money, my money. We bought it from Guo Qingshan! How could he be wrong? What did he do wrong? Hahaha He's the leader of our village's expedition team. I've invested all my savings. It's all over now. I don't want to live anymore What should we do? These retail investors... Thinking that Guo Qingshan was her backer You can make a sure profit without losing money. What was the result? We've still managed to fleece you. The relationships between people... Most prone to collapse Guo Jinshan has already lost all his money. I just don't know what his secret manual is. Did you tell him? The butler's father You're absolutely determined to get your hands on that secret manual. You wouldn't think They led me through a small but tough battle. We are a boat What grasshopper? He was lying to me after all. This is the second time. Forget it, consider it a lesson learned. Stay away from this woman from now on. We play the stock market Just like in martial arts novels Like those who practice in seclusion What I fear most is being disturbed by external factors. Leading to demonic possession Let Guo Jinshan come out. Let me out. Done! Guo Jinshan came out I bought these herbs from you. Now they've lost money. Of course they'll come looking for you to settle accounts. What must be faced will always have to be faced. Be quieter Quiet my ass! Let Guo Qingshan come out. Let him out. Guo Qingshan, how dare you show your face? Because of your misjudgment How much money did we lose? We've all lost money. This is indeed my problem. I will take responsibility for everyone. How do you take responsibility? You should take back the money we lost. Are you going to return them all to us? Okay now Immediately Pay back the money! Pay back the money! Is it too much to ask for money back? The stock market is like a battlefield. Winning and losing are normal. How can a normal person... Investment failure Should someone be put in charge? Moreover, as an investor Your own judgment is the most important. Instead of putting all hopes All hopes are pinned on one person. Pay back the money, pay back the money, pay back the money Pay back the money You all treat him as It's a treasure trove that keeps making money. There is no drain on the stock market. Please make sure you can recognize the book. This gentleman insists on seeing you. I couldn't stop it. Hick, a leopard can't change its spots. You knew perfectly well that this company had problems. You conspired with Huang Jinrong Let me dance with astigmatism Hey, don't say anything out of line! Defamation comes at a price. How could you think you have it? If you have He won't sit in my office by himself anymore. Instead, they brought police officers. Besides You were all taken by Huang Jingru Completely confused They still have time to investigate my company? They arrived really fast. Thank you for your trust in me However this time You still fell for my tricks. Why not question me here? It would be better to go back quickly. Bring me your secret manual. Perhaps Mr. Ouyang and I can still consider it. I'll let you off the hook dream I will not give you the secret manual. Oh dear, everyone says nephews resemble their uncles. Even the way you speak They look exactly like your uncle. Oh right Is your uncle still alive? He's still dead. Tell me quickly, what did you do to my brother-in-law? Okay, okay Let me think about it I miss him. He was wearing a specially made glove at the time. Tie it around his neck He's dead. Aoyama Aoyama Aoyama I died a terrible death. Qingshan, please help me. Aoyama Aoyama Guo Qingshan resorted to violence after his investments failed. This is just breaking the law. If it makes the front page headlines What will your retail investors think of you? Sigh, Guo Jingshan I give you three days. Hand over the Ancient Spirit Weapons Otherwise I will sue you for intentional assault. I'll make sure you can never turn your life around. baby Where did you go, Brother Qingshan? They were so worried! Don't worry about Huo Huo Am I okay? Really? If Brother Qingshan Do you really need help? You absolutely mustn't hold it in. I, Huo Huohuo Even if it means going through fire and water That's not something to be afraid of. fool When has your brother Qingshan ever lied to you? Not only were they not beaten down by Ouyang Zhengqiang, I'm still full of fighting spirit. Really I knew it We will definitely win against those jackals and tigers. Oh, what a long day! Are you hungry? I'll go make you something delicious. Wang Bin, you're here to seek justice too? What explanation do I need from you? Didn't you buy that stock? Bought Everyone heard you bought it They all bought in. I am no exception. I bought a lot. Then why? Oh dear, why? I don't blame you I won't scold you Why should I resent you? You didn't force us to buy it. The decision was made by ourselves. The money was spent by ourselves. This matter... To blame We can only blame ourselves for making the wrong decision. Wow, you have such a good attitude! I don't have many good points. It's all about mindset. You tell me, no matter how powerful this is... people He can't remain undefeated in the stock market forever. So, regarding this matter... He only blames us retail investors. Too shallow Don't take all the blame upon yourself. Actually do it I'm still waiting to learn from you. I'm not in any dire situation. This invisible war Ouyang Zhengqiang thought it was almost over. It's actually only just begun. uh Why are you so cold to me? You weren't like this before. You betrayed me twice. They even threatened me with photos of me hitting someone. Do you expect me to greet you with a smile? Manager Huang, you're being way too greedy! In interpersonal relationships, self-interest comes first. You used to Don't you agree with what I said? Besides, as long as you give me the secret manual... I will naturally delete the photos. To prevent Ouyang Zhengqiang from catching Evidence that can defame you We can still continue to cooperate, right? What makes you think that? I will trust you one more time. Does it matter whether you believe it or not? As long as you give me the secret manual The two of us joined forces They will definitely dominate the stock market. Then we'll see who can shake you. Aoyama, I'm giving you a chance! Haha, opportunity! How ridiculous! This time you came Did they come behind Ouyang Zhengqiang's back? Why would you want to stab him in the back? Then practice your handwriting more. What a scheme you're plotting! The beads all hit my face. You understand me best. what to do I think I'm liking you more and more. Hey hey hey no no no I can't bear your affection. You want notes Show enough sincerity Evidence to completely bring down Ouyang Zhengqiang Add the photos of your intentional assault Isn't that enough? You've misunderstood. I only care about news about my uncle. When you were with Ouyang Zhengqiang Have you ever heard him mention my uncle? If I tell you, will you give me the secret manual? Nothing is more than my uncle Uncle is more important You have never been mentioned in front of me. My uncle recently I did get on the phone with a mysterious person. superstitious Who is the mystery? Want to know Give me the secret manual I can help you investigate. When did I say that? I'm going to give you the secret. Guo Qingshan, you'd better get your facts straight. I am the one who controls your destiny. I am now in control. Don't be so ungrateful, huh? Manager Huang, you've run out of chips. What do you mean? Game over. Recently, a whistleblower claimed Zhong Sheng International is suspected of fabricating false profits. fraudulently obtaining listing qualifications Underreporting of losses Deceiving investors Relevant departments have launched an investigation. We received a report They said you fabricated false profits. Please come with us to assist with the investigation. How is that possible? nothing is impossible Huang Jingru You underestimate my relationship with my biological children. You overestimate yourself. You found it out. You two have been on guard against me for a long time. Is it right or wrong? You two were putting on an act for me that day. Do you really think you can rely on your few words? That would sow discord between us. Ah, where are Qingshan-ge and me? But communication can occur without speaking. Do you want to sell this stock? Wait, since you know I have a problem... Why would you still buy it? Could it be that you've misunderstood? The reason I invested again with doubts One is to see Is he or she worthy of my trust a second time? two It was also to completely bring down the Ouyang Zheng family. Because I know You approach me It's mostly related to him. It seems I underestimated you. Uh, right Let's not contact each other anymore. And I have a suggestion for you. I hope you recognize your own path. Find the right person Ge Qingshan never expected this. You're just a leek. Able to rely on a secret manual Fighting me until now You think I've been fighting with you all this time? Was it because of that secret manual? What else? You're a newcomer How could you possibly defeat me? If you can't do it, even your uncle can't. This is what you call the secret manual. I can beat you by half He's half of the reason slip of the tongue You're too eager to get the secret manual. What's in the secret manual? I don't know There are no shortcuts in the stock market. Miracles only happen to those who cherish opportunities. Instead of people blinded by greed You fucking Is he here to be my teacher? Tell me where my uncle is. He Guo Qingshan You thought I'd been arrested? Is this the end of the game? At least your verdict will be delivered soon. You lose, I lose. But did you win? You found your uncle. You haven't found your uncle. You lost worse than me. Tell me who that mysterious person is. What I said tell me Who exactly is that mysterious person? You don't know? you do not know You are most afraid of him He's too powerful. He knows everything I've done. All my methods in the stock market He knew all of this. He can even control me I have never seen Such a powerful person The illegal things you did Surely not They all followed his orders, right? He controlled my family. I had no choice in the matter. It stems from selfishness Or perhaps it was because he followed his orders. Do you want to know? If you want to know, look it up yourself. Isn't it just... Aren't you very capable? Let me know. Just how capable are you? Haste makes waste Green Mountain, no matter what Encounter any Nothing can disturb your mind. This will affect your judgment. It concerns my uncle I simply couldn't calm down. According to Ouyang Zhengke Things are getting more and more complicated now. My uncle hasn't been found yet. Another one A mysterious person is coming to deal with me. perhaps Was all of this someone's plan? plan Is Huo Tingshen there? You are not welcome here. Hurry up, little sister. I have something very important to do I need to tell Aoyama Please tell me where he is. What important things could you possibly have? It's nothing more than using some underhanded methods. To frame Brother Qingshan Get out of here. You go, little sister. Don't touch me Otherwise I won't be polite to you. Is Huo Huo alright? Mr. Brother, this woman I've come to show you something. He Ying, what did you do to He Ying? He's doing well now. But if you disobey I can't guarantee what will happen to him. This is our own grudge. Don't drag innocent people into this. innocent He doesn't always act all high and mighty. The feeling that you are omnipotent The downfall of Ouyang Zhengqiang He must have put in a lot of effort. He took the lead in gathering evidence. So bear the anger He should be the first to bear the brunt. If you dare to touch him I guarantee you'll be even worse off than Ouyang Zhengqiang. I don't care about him It's a pity you don't have the ability now. You have no right to make threats against me. Guo Qingshan, bring the secret manual tomorrow. I can't guarantee you What happens at night? Is your brother alright? Let's go sit down for a while. I'm going to rescue He Ying. However, the content of this handwriting is not accurate. I wrote it down. He's no longer useful to me. It is useful to many people Especially those greedy people Once it falls into their hands The entire stock market Everything will undergo earth-shattering changes. Many people will be ruined as a result. I won't let you suffer because of He Ying alone. And make the wrong decision But He Ying is in danger now. How do you know she's in danger? Is it all because of a few words from Huang Jingru? Don't let emotions ruin your plans. But I saw it with my own eyes. I saw He Ying's favorite necklace At least prove He Ying is really in their hands We all know what kind of person Huang Jingru is. She's setting a trap to ensnare you. Let's fix it first. Find a way Under the premise of protecting Midi Rescue He Yang Otherwise, not only would He Yang not be able to be rescued. We will also lose Mickey. The bigwigs in the financial world They are all utterly wicked. Driven by greed and desire They don't care about the people at all. Ah, yes. Qingshan, think about it carefully. Just Huang Jingru alone Can He Ying be kidnapped? He must have someone helping him. Let's make a good plan. have a look Can you catch the big fish behind him? Don't worry Before he got the pager He Ying will be out of danger. What do you think? Wake up How could it be you? Where is this? Don't rush, Miss Li. Don't you want to know? How much does Guo Qingshan care about you? I'm trying to help you. Are you using me to blackmail him into revealing the Corpse Kissing Secret Manual? No wonder Aoyama likes you so much because you're so smart. Oh dear oh dear I'm starting to like you a little. Um, don't give me that nonsense. Ah, you are guilty of illegal imprisonment. You can't even protect yourself. Do you think I'd still be afraid of your threats? Aren't you afraid? Ouyang Zhengqiang has fallen. How could it be? You have an even bigger backer. Not oh oh oh So clever! No wonder I couldn't win the national youth championship. But telling you a little bit won't hurt. The person behind me He's stronger than Ouyang Zheng. He's much more capable than Guo Qingshan. If you're really that amazing Why don't you dare to come out openly? They only dare to do it behind the scenes! Don't ask what you shouldn't ask. You'd better behave yourself. Otherwise, I can't guarantee it. When Guo Jinshan came Are you still whole? Gold, stop Don't come any closer and if you dare touch the tip again, I'll... You're welcome. I brought the items. Release the person first. How do I know if it's true or false? Whether it's true or false, see for yourself. Wait a moment and put your things down. You leave first. I have already called the police, Wang Yanru. It's not too late for you to turn back now. I have received the items. What are you still being so arrogant for? Get him! hmm Mr. Huang, I'll go get someone. If only I had known this day Why did we have to do it in the first place? I accept that the victor is king and the loser is villain. The Guo Qingshan case is not over yet. Guo Qingshan, Guo Qingshan, I hate you I think there's a hidden meaning in what Jin Huangru said. What do you plan to do? Do nothing I think that so-called mysterious person He can't sit still on his own Come find me Have you thought of a solution? I think that mysterious person They're quite difficult to deal with. When soldiers come, generals will block them. Water comes and earth covers it I'm not bothered You are not allowed to worry. I'll take a good shower later. Then take a nap Don't worry about anything Okay, get some rest early. I heard you were sentenced to 20 years. You want to see me before you go to jail I heard Huang Jinrong has already been defeated by you. I guess You're not far from uncovering that mysterious person. What else do you want to tell me? Regarding that mysterious person I don't know much. Maybe You know more than I do Mr. Gu, I beg you If you're so kind, then help me. Please help me. you mean They threatened you with your daughter. Guo Qingshan, I actually admire you quite a bit. But we have different paths. The interests they seek are also different. That's why I've always wanted to get rid of you. But it doesn't matter anymore. Look at how I am now. He is very capable. If in this world Only one person can defeat him. That's you. My time is up. Guan Qingshan I'm entrusting my daughter to you. Save your daughter Find the truth To prevent other innocent people from being harmed Actually, your opponent The methods were indeed ruthless. There is still room for improvement in one's character. But I'm very fortunate Encountering an opponent like you Otherwise I wouldn't have grown up so quickly. Thank you, Guo Qingshan Bye now What are you daydreaming about again? Sister He Ying, you've come at the perfect time! We are thinking Yesterday, Brother Qingshan received his call. Hmm, you're so smart. Help us remember last night Guang Qingshan never expected You were able to do it in such a short time. He tricked Ouyang Zhengqiang off his horse. Can still resist Huang Jingru's temptation Let her be punished by law Who exactly is it? My uncle's disappearance Is it related to you? I'm going to have a showdown with you in two weeks. Only by winning can you know all the answers. Where is a good place for a showdown? Haven't you always had the clues? The clues have always been in my hands, right? Father, oh Father You've really given me a tough question! In this note What secret is being hidden? So many people One after another, they wanted to get it. Moreover, Jiu Jiu's disappearance was also related to him. Ah ah He Ying, um Brother Qingshan, are you looking at your notes again? This notebook... They've memorized them perfectly. Why do you still study these things every day? I always felt Other secrets are also hidden. secret What secrets could there be? It's just some advanced stock trading strategies. Can't I see a treasure map? How did you even come up with that? That's how it is. Look at this notebook, it's so old and worn. But as for the material... Looks pretty good It's quite thick. Before I Read those martial arts novels Martial Arts Manual It turns color when exposed to water Why don't you give it a try? That makes sense. Do you think this will really work? What if it doesn't work? Then I've unlocked the secret of the notebook. It would be better if it wasn't dried. Hey, it really exists! 0055376055-7 This looks like a company's code. Wait and see. I'll check out this company. Changliu Fund Management Co., Ltd. Hello hello Is there anything I can help you with, sir? I've come to find you. Boss, do you have an appointment? No, but please tell him. A man named Guo Qingshan came to see him. I think he will agree. Hey boss There was a Mr. Guo Qingshan He said he wanted to see you Sir, you can take the elevator to the 9th floor. The boss is waiting for you. Thanks! You cleaned the glass very well. You moved slower than I anticipated. I thought You will soon discover the secret in the notes Then I found this company Who are you You orchestrated all of this behind the scenes. You are the mysterious person. Tell me quickly, where is my uncle? What did you do to him? Do you remember the duel I challenged you to? You only have to win. Only then are you qualified to know the whole truth. Let's go then. Mr. Guo Regarding the results of today's match Do you know what's going on? Of course there is. After all, I am a person Its greatest advantage is its indomitable spirit. So, Mr. Chen You're doomed to lose today. I will also rescue the people behind you. 1. Today, both sides are in this Chen Hao It was hidden so well. Opposite positions Guo Qingshan from multiple parties Short seller Chen Hao each held 50 million chips. If the stock price rises Then multiple parties win If the stock price falls Then the short side wins. Regardless of technique As long as we can win Any means are acceptable That's so despicable! Qingshan, be careful and at ease in all things. They grabbed it right away. Experienced Accurately predicted stock price The time point for entering the overbought zone Without hesitation This is not only Precise control over stock price rhythm It also reflects confidence in one's technical analysis. Woolen cloth This guy is interesting. I've seen you compete against others. I have to admit Your investment talent and skills But this time you will lose. Champagne was opened at halftime That's so ugly! I'll see if you keep up the fight. What are your plans for dealing with this today? I've been through so much I knew long ago that I should observe a stock What should I pay attention to? Chen Hao Perhaps you are indeed very strong in a certain area. But to be comprehensive You're far worse than me. What happened to Brother Qingshan? Cheng Hao chose this company. There was also negative news today. The current trend is bearish. Falling is easy, rising is hard. The selling pressure is very high. The bears have a complete advantage. Moses Chan, you deliberately hooked the trash They rushed to occupy the empty rooms. This is so unfair! Oh, what the referee just said... Regardless of the means I was just following the rules. Can't you openly and honestly despise? Is that so? Open and aboveboard What kind of international joke are you talking about? The stock market is all about profits. No other I thought you'd suffered so much over the years. They should have understood this a long time ago. Unexpected You're still hoping for your opponent's... I'm talking to you about fairness You really disappoint me. You are not worth it at all. I sent someone to warn them. There must be another way. The outcome is still undecided. Everything is still uncertain. Okay, then you can wait patiently. The market closed at 3 PM. Just admit defeat. This stock won't be a hot topic tomorrow. Even if it rebounds, it won't rise much. That's what it means. Brother Qingshan is going to lose. Give up, Guo Qingshan Admit defeat I can still save you some face. Really admit defeat In my dictionary, Guo Qingshan There is no such word as "admit defeat". A true man would rather die on the battlefield. We will never surrender. It finally rebounded. Heaven has eyes This time, it must rise in one go! Although the market is trending upwards, it's time to buy. The point is good. But the power of trends is hard to reverse. I'm afraid it will be of no use. The stock price is about to hit the daily limit down. Manager Guo If you are before the market closes at 3 PM If it cannot make the stock price rise So the winner this time is General Manager Chen. Possibly impossible How did you do that? You disregard martial ethics and seize the initiative But you forgot There is an old Chinese saying To win people's hearts You are fighting alone. And there was a group of people behind me. Perhaps this is why those who are virtuous receive much help. Those who act unjustly will find few supporters. You don't need to look The company's stock price fell today. It's obvious that the major players are controlling the market. This is a commercial stock. Suitable for value investing You won't regret buying it. What if the price continues to fall? No. Although the stock price has adjusted now However, trading volume shrank. It's obvious that the major players are shaking out weak hands. The maximum duration for a market correction is seven or eight days. Today is the 8th day. Now is the best time to take control of the market. Do you still remember? Is it about Ouyang Zhengqiang? If you encounter that kind of situation That's when they lost everything. That's true. Moreover, this company is a department store. Our lives It's getting better and better now. Everyday things Never go out of style As long as the product quality is excellent Then the stock price will steadily rise. We can buy it with confidence. Anyway Since the Ouyang Zhengqiang incident I feel like I'm going to lose money on every single stock I look at. Since Mr. Glasses and Yi Tianhua Since Mr. Duan said so Let's just believe in the good one time. Then buy it. Buying you to do dirty tricks behind my back When does the rule say that? We can ask for outside help. When does the rule mention taxes? We can't hire outside help anymore. Whether it's right or wrong The referee was good. anyway Mr. Chen, your time is running out. Hu Qingshan You don't think I have no backup plan? I have already partnered with some large organizations High-frequency trading And algorithmic trading False trading signals In a short period of time This will cause drastic fluctuations in stock prices. This is my uncle The most commonly used technique in the past He doesn't look very old. It was through my own hard work and experience in the stock market. Enlightened Someone must have taught them. The stock price started to fluctuate more. Mr. Guo is with me Under heavy pressure in a short period of time I think you'll have a hard time finding a solution. Your position will be liquidated very soon. Will you lose badly? What happens if you lose? Give me your notes. Do you even need notes with your abilities? The trick you just used 是乾坤大挪移 It's the content of Chapter Two in my notes. Although you didn't use it very well. But it's enough to deal with ordinary people. Not many people would use this method. My uncle is one. How did you get to Jingxuan? Long time no see, Uncle! This is my home turf Where else should I be? So you did all of this? Why did you frame me? Ancient Forest Secret Manual So my family He was also a teacher back then. He passed this knowledge on to Guo Tian. That's how this ancient forest secret manual came about. Why should your father All they know how to do is give to those A mob that knows absolutely nothing When a teacher Only then do I have the power to stir up the market. Why back then? We founded Changliu Private Equity Fund My investment talent is inferior to his. beg him Show me the ultimate technique from Chapter Three. He just wouldn't... They say I only know how to fleece retail investors. They insist on doing their own investor education. I had no choice but to resort to this tactic. retail investors How can there be no stock market without retail investors? Retail investors are the heroes of the financial world. The skin is gone Where will Mao attach himself? Such a simple principle Don't you understand? Don't try to reason with me. The law of the jungle prevails in the stock market. Retail investors are at the bottom of the food chain. He deserves to be a big shot. Food on the plate I believe that like father, like son. You're thinking about retail investors. What have retail investors given you? The game I won today That's the best example. Don't give me any useless advice. None of you are getting out of here today. They won't obediently hand over their laptops. Perhaps I can spare your life. Do you really think you've won? Aoyama, you can't accept the truth. Are you crazy? Really? Take a closer look yourself. I've said before that I'm not fighting alone. 5 minutes left If you don't find a way to reverse the situation You just admit defeat. uncle Actually, I should thank you. I probably still won't understand. What does "returning wood to the forest" mean? Actually, my dad back then No one was taught anything separately. The contents of the first two chapters of this notebook You know This third chapter only contains these four words. Flower and Wooden Fish My dad back then I just want to share this knowledge It's just for stock market investors. But Uncle You Chen Hao Ouyang Zhengqiang and Yang Keming We had already given up on this path a long time ago. I hereby announce that the winner is Guo Qingshan. He spent his whole life playing with eagles, only to have his eyes pecked out by one. Jiang Hua and Chen Hao are suspected of multiple crimes. Immediate detention pending trial Green Mountain, the great revenge has been taken! What are your plans for the future? Yes, Brother Qingshan To help all stock market investors Screw you, I'm talking about you. Marriage Hurry up and give me a little Qingshan Haha, research says my aunt is pregnant again. Hey you little brat!

  Top Comments:
  1. @RODESU0604: 那個趴著的女生，是鬼嗎?一直出現?
  2. @sakersaker1961: พระเอกอะไรเกิดใหม่รู้หุ้น แต่ไม่ยอมลงทุนเอง ดูแล้วเสียเวลาไม่สมคนเกิดใหม่แต่ยากไปเป็นขี้ข้า

- Inside the Luxury Life of US Destroyer CAPTAINS: What Makes Them Special: Kind: captions Language: en One man commands 300 people. He controls a warship worth over $2 billion. A ship armed with more than 90 missiles. A ship with a radar so powerful it can track [music] a threat the size of a baseball from dozens of miles away. A ship fast enough and deadly enough to change the outcome of a conflict on its own. He sleeps in the only private cabin on board. He eats separately from everyone else. Every officer, every chief, every sailor, from the newest recruit to the most experienced department head, answers to him alone. And out of the entire United States Navy, only a few dozen people hold that seat at any given time. [music] That is the commanding officer of a guided missile destroyer, the captain. Most people have never thought about what his life actually looks like on board. Where he sleeps, >> [music] >> what he eats, how much authority he truly holds, what it took to get there, and what it costs to stay. Today, we are going inside that world. Part one, the ship. Before we talk about the captain, you need to understand what he commands. Because until you see the full picture of the ship, the weight of that job does not feel real. The Arleigh Burke class guided missile destroyer is the backbone of the United States Navy surface fleet. It has been in continuous production since the late 1980s. The lead ship, USS Arleigh Burke, was commissioned on the 4th of July, 1991. Today, the Navy operates over 70 of them. It is the longest-running destroyer program in American naval history, and more ships are still being built. One of these destroyers runs between 505 and 509 ft long. Think of a 50-story building laid flat on the water. That is roughly the length. It displaces up to 9,700 tons when fully loaded. Four gas turbines push it through the ocean at more than 30 knots. Its range at a steady cruise covers 4,400 nautical miles. Far enough to cross the Atlantic and come back without stopping for fuel, but the size is not the point. The point is what it can do. At the heart of every Arleigh Burke destroyer is the Aegis combat system. Aegis was built from the ground up as one thing, a total weapon system. From the moment a threat is detected to the moment it is destroyed. The radar that powers it, the AN/SPY-6 on the newest ships, is 30 times more sensitive than the previous generation. 30 times. When a cruise missile appears on the horizon or a ballistic missile climbs above the atmosphere on a trajectory toward a target, Aegis compresses the entire process of detection, calculation, and engagement into seconds, not minutes. Seconds. Behind that system sits the weapons. 90 or more missiles loaded into vertical launch cells built into the deck. Tomahawk cruise missiles capable of hitting targets more than a thousand miles away. Standard missiles for air defense and ballistic missile interception. Anti-submarine rockets. A 5-in gun on the bow. Torpedo tubes. A close-in weapon system for last-second defense. And on newer ships, a full hangar for two combat helicopters. In late 2023, Arleigh Burke destroyers USS Carney and USS Thomas Hudner were operating in the Red Sea. Houthi forces in Yemen were launching drones and cruise missiles at commercial ships and at the US Navy itself. Both destroyers engaged and destroyed multiple threats in real combat. Not exercises. Real engagements. Real consequences. In April 2024, when Iran launched a large-scale ballistic missile and drone strike against Israel, USS Arleigh Burke and USS Carney intercepted and shot down Iranian ballistic missiles using the Standard Missile 3. It was the first time in history the SM-3 had ever been fired in actual combat. The weapon worked. The captains made the calls. That is what one person commands. That is what one officer is personally and legally responsible for every single day. Second one, the title. Here is something most people do not know about the commanding officer of a destroyer. [music] His actual rank is commander, one grade below a full Navy captain. But the moment he takes command of that ship, every single person aboard calls him captain. Not commander, not by his name. Captain, always, without exception. On a destroyer, there may be other officers who also hold the rank of commander. The executive officer, the second in command, is often a commander as well. Multiple senior officers may share the same rank, but there is only one person on that ship who carries the title of captain, only one who holds command, only one who bears everything that comes with it. This is not tradition for its own sake. [music] It serves a clear purpose. On a warship in a real engagement, with contacts on radar and decisions that need to be made in under 30 seconds, there can be no ambiguity about who is in charge. The title of captain, reserved for the commanding officer and no one else, is part of how that clarity is maintained, always, even in the quietest moments, so that when things are anything but quiet, the answer to who decides is already settled. Third one, the cabin. Now, let us talk about where the captain actually lives, because this is where most people expect luxury, and the reality is more interesting than that. [music] For the enlisted sailors who make up the majority of the crew, life aboard a destroyer is tight. A typical sailor sleeps in a [music] rack, a narrow metal bunk 6 ft long, barely wide enough to turn over. These racks are stacked three or four high in birthing compartments shared with dozens of other sailors. Personal space is a few cubic feet. Privacy is a curtain. Sleep happens whenever the watch rotation allows it, whether that [music] is 2:00 in the afternoon or 2:00 in the morning. Junior officers do a little better. On an Arleigh Burke, >> junior officers share small staterooms. Two to six people in a room, not much bigger than a walk-in closet. A desk, some storage, [music] a shared bathroom down the passageway. The captain has two private spaces. [music] The first is the main stateroom, a private bedroom, a sitting area that doubles as a working office, a private bathroom with a sink, shower, [music] and toilet, and enough space for a small private meeting with senior officers. Compared to any hotel room ashore, it is modest. Compared to the rest of the ship, it is extraordinary. No one else on that destroyer has a room to themselves. No one else has their own bathroom. [music] The captain does. The second space is the sea cabin. This one sits directly next to the bridge, the command center of the ship. The sea [music] cabin is deliberately bare, a bunk, a desk, a basic toilet. That is it. Because the purpose of that room is not comfort. The purpose is reaction time. When a destroyer is at sea, things can change in minutes. A threat appears on radar, a navigation [music] situation develops, a system fails. Whatever the reason, the ship may need the commanding officer on the bridge immediately. The sea cabin makes it immediately possible [music] from that bunk to the bridge in under 30 seconds. On a warship, 30 seconds matters. The captain also has a personal steward, an enlisted sailor whose job is to maintain the cabin and handle the basic daily tasks that would otherwise take time away from command. Again, not luxury, structure. Every minute the captain spends doing [music] something a steward can handle is a minute not spent on running the ship. The private cabin, the steward, the sea cabin next to the bridge, none of it exists because the Navy believes commanding officers deserve personal comfort as a reward. It exists because the most important person on that ship needs to be sharp, rested, [music] and available at all times for months on end without interruption. Function and privilege are the same thing. You cannot separate them. Fourth one, the meals. Every officer on the ship eats in the [music] wardroom. This is the formal dining space. Tablecloths, proper silverware, stewards who serve the meals. The executive officer runs it. The food is good by [music] any military standard, hot, varied, properly prepared. But the commanding officer does not eat there, not regularly, not day-to-day. The captain eats alone in the cabin [music] with meals brought by the steward. He may join the wardroom for a holiday meal or a special occasion. But as a daily routine, the captain eats separately from everyone else on the ship. And this is not about ego. It is one of the most deliberate decisions in naval command tradition. On a small ship like a destroyer, the wardroom is an intimate place. Officers eat together every day for 7 [music] months. Friendships form, informal dynamics develop. If the captain were a regular fixture at that table, someone who ate breakfast [music] and dinner with his department heads every day, who laughed at the same jokes, who became part of the group, something would gradually soften. And on a warship, that thing cannot soften. The captain must be able to evaluate these officers with clear and uncompromised judgment. He must be able to deliver a damaging fitness report when one is deserved. [music] He must be able to relieve an officer of duty if the situation demands it. None of that works the same way if the commanding officer has become just another voice in the room. The separation is sometimes called the loneliness of command [music] and it is real. The destroyer captain is surrounded by 300 people every moment of every day >> and is, in the most essential sense, alone. Every captain who has been honest about the experience says the same thing. It is not a hardship to be overcome. It is a condition of the role, something you understand before you accept [music] the job, or something that surprises you badly once you are there. Fifth one, the path. Nobody walks into command of a guided missile destroyer. The path is long, competitive, and does [music] not accommodate shortcuts. It begins in the early 20s with a commission through the Naval Academy, a university ROTC program, or Officer Candidate School. From that first day, every assignment and every performance [music] report is being tracked. The officer who will one day command a destroyer [music] follows the surface warfare officer career path, which means their life will be built around surface ships. [music] The early years are about learning and qualification. A new SWO joins their first ship as a division officer, leading a small team of enlisted sailors through a specific area of the ship's operations. [music] They stand watches. They learn the systems. They work toward the surface warfare officer qualification, a set of demonstrated competencies that proves they can operate and fight a surface ship at sea. After the fatal destroyer collisions of 2017, USS Fitzgerald and USS John S. McCain, two separate incidents, [music] 17 American sailors killed, the Navy took a hard look at how it was developing [music] its surface warfare officers. What it found was serious. Studies of officer of the deck qualifications across the fleet found that only a fraction of those tested [music] passed with no concerns. The Navy responded. Training was extended. Standards were tightened. Because the sailors who died in those flooded birthing compartments did not [music] get a second chance. And the officers driving those ships had to be held to a standard that matched the responsibility they carried. Over the following 10 to 15 years, ASWO builds their career through increasingly senior roles. Department head, then executive officer of a ship, then command screening. The screening process is where the field narrows sharply. A selection board reviews eligible officers every year. Only a fraction are chosen for command. The board reads performance reports going back through the entire career. One extended [music] period of weak leadership. One pattern of poor judgment. One incident that raised questions. Any of it can close the door, even for an officer who has done strong work everywhere else. Those who are selected then go through pre-command training. Simulators, assessments, scenario-based evaluations designed to expose how a person thinks when the situation is getting worse and the clock is running. By the time a new commanding officer walks up the brow for the change of command ceremony, they have spent 15 to 20 years earning that moment. They have served in multiple ships. They have led hundreds of sailors. They have been tested more times than they can easily [music] count. And then the real test begins. Sixth one. The authority. The authority that a destroyer [music] captain holds is not like any authority most people encounter in professional life. At sea, the captain's decisions [music] are final. There is no appeal process. There is no committee. There is no call to a senior officer ashore [music] that arrives fast enough to change a decision in the moment. When the ship is underway, the captain decides and the ship responds. This authority is legal in the most formal sense. [music] The commanding officer can impose punishment on any member of the crew under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. He can restrict [music] sailors to the ship, assign extra duties, reduce pay, or initiate court-martial proceedings. He controls everything aboard and he is personally responsible for [music] all of it. If a sailor makes a decision that damages the ship, the captain answers for it. If a department head fails in a way that creates a hazard, the captain answers for it. If the ship is involved in a collision, a grounding, any incident resulting in damage or death, the captain is accountable, not as a formality, personally and permanently. In 2024, the commanding officer of USS John [music] S. McCain was relieved of duty. The Navy statement was brief and precise. Loss of confidence in the ability to command. That phrase, loss of confidence, >> ends careers. It appears in the service record. It closes the path to advancement. The Navy does not revisit it. >> In February 2026, the commanding officer of USS Mason was relieved [music] mid-deployment during a major combat readiness exercise by the rear admiral commanding the carrier strike group. Removed, reassigned. Replace the same day. The crew kept sailing. The Navy standard, stated consistently and applied without exception, is that commanding officers are held to the highest standards and held accountable when those standards are not met. That accountability is the other side of everything the captain has. The cabin, the steward, the private meals, [music] the sea cabin at the edge of the bridge. It all exists within in where failure is total [music] and permanent. The commanding officer of a United States Navy guided missile destroyer lives in the only private cabin on the ship. He eats alone. He has a steward in a sea [music] cabin 12 steps from the bridge. Every person aboard, officer, chief, or sailor, answers to him alone. And every part of that was earned, not in a moment, not through a single strong performance. Earned over 15 to 20 years of service, selection, training, and [music] sustained leadership in places and conditions that most people will never experience. The privilege is real, but it exists inside a framework where accountability is total [music] and consequences are permanent. The cabin keeps the captain sharp. The sea cabin keeps him available. The separate meals keep the line between command and crew exactly [music] where it has to be. Right now, there are Arleigh Burke destroyers underway in the Red Sea, in the South China Sea, in the Persian Gulf, moving at 30 knots through waters that matter with 300 sailors aboard, >> missiles ready, radars running, and one person at the center of it all carrying authority [music] most people will never hold for a single day, and responsibility most people will never accept [music] for a single hour. That is the destroyer captain. That is what makes them special. If this video gave you something, hit like and subscribe. There are more stories like this one coming.

  Top Comments:
  1. @msano5789 [3 likes]: 翻訳に注意。captain : 海軍大佐または艦長。commander : 海軍中佐。陸軍・空軍では司令（官）。つまり、駆逐艦の場合、艦長は海軍中佐で、副長も海軍中佐です。巡洋艦クラスの艦艇で、海軍大佐が艦長になります。
  2. @pavelvancouver1214 [1 likes]: Лицо, командующее боевым кораблём, по-русски называется "командир". А "капитан" командует судном. В английском языке оба назыываются Captain. 
Перевод усложняет ещё то, что у басурманов капитана 1-го ранга называют просто Captain. Иногда, чтобы не путать с армейским капитаном, который обычно командует ротой, говорят: Navy Captain. Кроме того, у амерканского капитана 1-го ранга на рукаве четыре полоски, а в нашем флоте их носит капитан 2-го ранга.
ИИ-переводчик этих тонкостей не знает.
  3. @稲荷恵比寿 [1 likes]: 返信だと面倒なので、コメント立てます。
「艦長(船長)は個室」ということは、潜水艦を含む全ての艦船に於ける厳格なルールです。潜水艦には外客は来ないので執務室はありませんが、戦艦や駆逐艦を含む軍艦、船舶には応接用の公室があるのが一般的です。
一方、副長、航海長など役職者の部屋割りは船や艦によって大きく異なります。

また、旗艦設備のある軍艦だと、司令長官の公室と個室もあります。

そして、水兵のスペースですが、他の動画で紹介された航空母艦より広く、潜水艦のような人肌寝台でもないので、恵まれていると言えます。
  4. @pontarou01 [1 likes]: まぁ、魚雷一本食らったら沈むけどな
  5. @DTNS6F12: Glory to U.S.NAVY ！
  6. @pavelvancouver1214: Каюта командира и столовая взяты из фильма об авианосце. На эсминце эти помещения намного скромнее.
  7. @pavelvancouver1214: Командир эсминца (Captain) -- это должность, а его воинское звание -- коммандер (Commander). То есть капитан 2-го ранга. То, что американцы его величают капитаном, соответствует нашему "командир".  В нашем флоте принято так же. Даже старшего лейтенанта, командующего катером, называют командиром. Не по уставу, а по традиции. 
Ну, а тексте всё перепутано.
  8. @ВладимирФедотов-ф6р: Классный у него домик на корабле
  9. @Umnaya_Sova: ПРО ПОДВОДНУЮ ЛОДКУ 100% ОБМАН НЕ СМОТРИТЕ !!! :face-fuchsia-tongue-out:НИ 1 КАДРА ПРО ПОДЛОДКУ !!!
  10. @МихаилИванов-к2е: Насчёт единственной отдельной каюты у кэпа ты приятель сбрехнул. У всех высших офицеров корабля отдельные каюты. У кэпа она обычно самая большая и со всеми удобствами.

- Summer special: AFR critics on what to watch, read and listen to this summer: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] the Australian Financial review rolling in Paris rolling in Sydney yeah rolling in [Music] Melbourne hi everyone thanks for coming on the podcast for the first of our summer specials thanks for having me Lisa hi everyone hey guys great to be here hi all thanks for having me Lisa I'm excited to get some good cultural recommendations from everyone every holiday season we're inundated with long lists of the best films TV shows Books and Music it can be overwhelming so joining us on the Finn today as we ease back into the working year and eek out a few more weeks of that holiday feeling are a panel of critics from the financial review Newsroom they're going to distill those lists for us and tell us what we should be watching reading and listening to over these last weeks of Summer and important ly make sure we don't miss out on the past Year's best next week we'll look ahead and help you choose where to go on holiday in 2025 and how to get the best flight deals but today it's all about entertainment it's Thursday January 16th on the agenda today in the second half we have music reviews from our Shanta CLE senior columnist and podcaster James Thompson who is also an avid guitar collector and in a special treat James will be joined by the Finn's very own producer Alex gal now Alex is particularly qualified to talk about music as he's a musician himself and not just any old musician but an ARA award-winning songwriter how are you Alex and JT I'm great great to be on my favorite news podcast with my favorite business podcast host thanks for having me Lisa now we'll come back to you two after the break to talk about your favorite albums and artists of the year but first let's go to you David marang Gman when you're not winning a gold Walkley for your excellent investigation into the cfmeu I hear that you're a film critic in your spare time you're certainly the person I go to when I'm looking for a new series or movie to watch so what should we be watching over the holiday start with movies okay well I think one of the best movies of the Year for me has been uh challenges I loved that yeah yeah this is a a tennis movie a love triangle movie it's a about two teenagers who fall in love with this tennis pro play by Zena you're incredible today thank you I mean it wasn't even like tennis it was an entirely different game and the film tracks them in this sort of rivalry that they all have they're all kind of alpha Sports athletes in this tennis professional world and it's effectively as the Director Luca guo says a triangle but what happens when all the edges of the triangle touch yeah and it it also has a great soundtrack fantastic soundtrack by Trent resner and attakus Ross from the 9in nails who did The Social Network soundtrack and uh have done some of the best soundtracks probably in the last decade this one is really up there with their best uh it's totally dazzling at the end in its final climactic sequence which I think just blew everyone away in did yeah and what else Dave uh I'm going to give a shout out to Civil War this was sort of got mixed reviews when it first came out but this is Alex Garland's film Alex scand wrote the beach and he also made X maer Civil War is what happens in a fictional version of our of the future of the United States where a president who's prone to hyperbolic statements has disbanded the FBI and iiz the police and basically split the country into various factions 19 states have seceded the United States Army ramps up activity the White House issued warnings to the Western forces as well as the Florida Alliance the three term president assures the uprising will be dealt with swiftly and it follows Kiren dunce a photojournalist as she and others with her try to cover the center of the Civil War this is I think this got criticized I think for its so-called lack of politics cuz there was never really clearly defined who was red who was blue who was the good who was the bad but actually I found it actually much more suited to I guess a political environment at the moment which is really fragmented and a lot of the times what you think is a right-wing or republican Viewpoint is actually not what you think and a lot of that is based on your projections so it's like a a non-ideological political Civil War in a way and that's kind of how he approaches it and I have to say in some really nerve-wracking and suspenseful sequences uh involved in that as well it's also a comment on journalism and the motivation of of journalists and and the ethics I guess of Journalism yeah I found that somewhat detached but it's kind of realist approach to journalism is actually fairly accurate I got to say it's not filled with people who necessarily have their own political beliefs they bring into it but they're just there to take a very detached kind of approach to what's actually happening on the ground and your third pick Dave so I'm just give give uh boost to this uh independent film that came out sort of not really seen much in the cinemas but it's worth checking out it's called Lera it's an Italian film said in the 1980s about these group of Tomb robbers who basically steal the treasure in these old at truscan tombs that they discover it's actually based on a real sort of phenomenon that happened in the 1980s all these sort of 2,000 year old sites which had been left at peace you know they regarded as sacred They Carried all this sort of treasure that was hidden from the world essentially people started pillaging them and it's just a beautiful uh really immersive and I found I was totally involved in this really original film I think and it's quite a beautiful Nuance film that's a great selection Dave so what about the small screen what should we be looking out for when it comes to television series so I think Far and Away the best show of the Year for me was uh industry and some people might be familiar with this this is its third season right now seally involves this uh fictional UK Investment Bank called a peero and follows basically these interns as they rise up the ranks of this bank it's a very financial review choice but I will say even without the bias of financial review this this really is superb uh show it's quite confronting it's aoral I'll put it that way and it has no sacred cows there's no holds Bard in it what if I said to you pero was the short of the century there might be a time bomb in the sector you've been Behind Enemy Lines who do I call a peer Point what exactly did you tell them about our exposure and season 3 really was this gigantic leap from um season 1 and two which were both excellent at the same time but you've never really seen anything as exhilarating I think in TV well not not for a long time then you have industry season 3 and your last pick one of my favorite shows called landman it's about the oil industry staring Billy Bob Thornton who plays basically the guy who who secures a lease for the land and manages the people as he says in the show the first one's simple the second one might get you killed Texas it ain't any different than Tombstone or Dodge City first comes the dreamers then the bankers and then the desperate what does that make you a divorced alcoholic with 500,000 in debt and I'm one of the once and it really is a fantastic kind of look at this environment and this industry that we never really get to see set in Texas and a lot of the time he's lifestyle so there's a few for me to put on my list now Lucy Dean when we're not glued to our screens and we want to read something you recently wrote a guide to what we should be reading over the holidays so what should we be reading the book of the Year for me is the ministry of time by cenne Bradley I read this book in about a week flat it was recently named The demmi Book of the year and it's uh one of Barack Obama's favorites she apparently started this story as kind of a joke tale among friends and it's gone on to become this massive debut novel I would describe it as chewy but it tastes delicious it's fun it's clever it's romantic she has this sort of gleeful approach to storytelling where it feels as a reader like she's gone why can't I combine these elements so by that I mean that it's a time travel r about a civil servant working in a near future British government Department the ministry of time and Commander Graham Gore an Arctic Explorer plucked from Near Death in the year of 1847 our unnamed heroin's job is to help gra Gore adapt to the future I don't like to say it's more than a romance because I don't think there's anything wrong with romances and I think that romances are really hard to write well and I think that they're really great stories but in saying that it is more than a romance it's also about statehood colonialism corruption climate change and yes time travel so what else should we be reading so I also really loved dusk by Robbie arnet the author of limber lost I picked it up and now I'm going to go back and read limber lost and his other works the story of dusk is about a pummer in the highlands of a land that isn't named but I'm pretty certain that it's Tasmania dusk has been killing Shepherds and stalking those that would hunt her down and kill her Floyd and Iris are 37-year-old twins they're the children of convict escapes and they're seeking work and security so when they hear about this sizable Bounty placed on dusk they decide to hunt her down now where Callan Bradley's writing has that kind of that zesty warmth that veers towards the sardonic Robbie arnet is guess I would say it's like sparely evocative you can feel the damp mist of the Highlands and smell the Moss and I think that this is a story that asks what right do we have to be here it also asks how do you find a home in a world that doesn't want you whether they don't want you for reasons that are deserved or or otherwise and it does this by tracing the twins attempts to hunt down this Panther as they try to elevate themselves beyond their parents quite vicious past that they were unwilling participants in thanks Lucy that sounds like a very good recommendation and Tom mroy a special thank you for phoning in from Paris where appropriately you've been to a major retrospective of the work of artist Jackson Pollock and I'll just take the chance here to Spook your new book that's coming out next year Jackson Pollock goof whitlam and the painting that changed a nation that's one that's going on my reading list but in between working on that and heading up our CRA Bureau you've found time to read another nonfiction book essays that changed Australia can you tell us a little bit about that and which was the best essay Lisa it's more approachable than it sounds it's a great collection of essays from the respected and loved Melbourne based Journal Meen since the 1940s they published great essays by Australian writers and reading this book I was struck at how you can see the country maturing as you read them one of the best essays in the collection is Arthur Phillips um writing about the cultural cringe I think it's an expression lots of our listeners will be aware of but perhaps not remember or understand its Origins he's describing a problem that thinkers and writers and cultural types in Australia have long been frustrated by a cultural inferiority a sense that the best and brightest in Australia go to England or the United States to build their careers and that our culture is somehow inherited or a hand me- down from overseas and therefore not authentic and not as good Philip's description and diagnosis of the problem stands the test of time all these years later it's so interesting to understand how that phrase has become part of our thinking and part of our national site and there's plenty of examples in this collection of essays that do that people like Donald horn and Hillary Charlesworth writing about the country and describing things that we probably already know that might not have stopped to think about I think it's a good summer read because they're quite approachable in length and they're so interesting across the a span of culture and politics and the Arts all kinds of stuff it's it's a great collection and a bit nostalgic maybe Tom yeah I think it is nostalgic it shows the country through so many different decades and talks about the politics and the culture of the time and um I think that's instructive you know the culture today is always Guided by what's happened in the past you get a great sense of that reading these and what about other non-fiction reads um over the summer if we want to get a bit smarter before we start this year I think Joe eston's book the Chairman's Lounge has to be the book of the year in the non-fiction Australian space it Royal the albanes government for weeks it's been um a death G one crisis for Quant and for members of the Chairman's Lounge um Joe one of the Great Australian writers today describes how the company has handled some pretty turbulent um recent years and how Alan Joyce quarted decision makers and um influential people in cber and Beyond using this great soft power of the Chairman's landng and access to perks like flight upgrades to get what he wanted and to to build cital for Quantas it's been a pain for Anthony albanesi and for government ministers and people across the Parliament and it's been fantastic watching for the rest of us the book is is so great and really shows the difficulties that quas has had over the years the success of Joyce's tenure and how bad things went wrong towards the end it is a good read and of course Joe Aston is a former colleague he was the rear window columnist at the financial review for for 12 years so thank you Dave Lucy and Tom and stay right there we'll come back after the break and tell you what you should be listening to thanks Lis thank you thank you and happy reading welcome back to the podcast Alex and JT we're talking about what people should watch read and listen to over the summer we've done the watching and reading bit and now we're doing the listening maybe start by telling me what you've been listening to live what good gigs have you been to and hopefully it's something other than Taylor Swift we've heard a lot about her well that is definitely Lisa the most uh extraordinary show I went to obviously it was a sort of huge cultural moment but it was a pretty impressive piece of sort of entertainment and theater as well um I saw a lovely uh show put on by one Alexander gal in Melbourne which was very impressive I saw Pearl Jam at Marvel stadium so yeah those have been a few of the holets I too have seen Alex gal live and he is very impressive Al what about you any good gigs other than your own thanks for the kind words you can invoice me later one of my favorite bands of all time and one of many Australian's favorite bands Crowded House they played it Rod Laver Neil Finn has this extraordinary ability to make a space like that feel feel small and intimate inversely I saw this great songwriter from from France is a French dude called Ryder the eagle or at least that's the name he goes under he played the Northgate Social Club to like I don't know 50 people but but he performed like he was at Rod Laver he was up on the bar dancing and singing along and he's got some great songs and yeah a great perform he made the small space big he made the small space huge okay um so JT maybe start with you what are your picks for us to be listening to over summer my first pick Lisa is uh British pop star Charlie XCX she became I guess one of the talking points of the US presidential election campaign in July she declared kamla Harris brat and she recently tweeted kamla is brat so a lot of people have been wondering okay why are we calling our VP a brat that is one of many videos posted online over the last few days referring to likely Democratic Presidential nominee kamla Harris refers to her as a quote Brad which um nobody quite knew what it meant apparently it means and I'll quote here cuz I think it's worth quoting it's just like that girl who is a little Andes to party and may says some dumb things sometimes who feels but then also maybe has a breakdown but kind of parties through it it that's which is a fairly interesting description of the democratic nominee and made uh Colin's dictionary word of the year yeah there you go she also made a color famous didn't she that terrible green but look uh aside from all that there's a great album here and in fact there's two great albums cuz the brat album is terrific collection of pop songs but then there's a second album called and again I quote brat and it's completely different but also still brat which is like a Remix album in which she changes some of the songs brings guests onto some of the songs mashes a few of the songs together and in my view the Remix album is even better than the original it's probably a bit more dancier bit more lively just a terrific sort of construction of of different songs and deconstruction of different songs so yes Charlie XX is a bit of a cultural phenomenon but she might be the most famous pop star not called Taylor Swift in the world at the moment yeah I think she's great my second pick is an Australian band that has one of the great names in musical history I think this is a band called don't thank me spank me which um is is sounds a little bit offensive but I think it's intentional the female Duo NTA Atkinson and Ester Henderson have made a fantastic album it's sort of like Punk it's a bit disco it's a bit sort of Glam Rock like a party band is kind of one way to put it right it's a party band that's a good way of saying it but it's very clever songwriting lots of sort of finding you know finding a great Groove and going with it very impressive album I don't know if their name helps them or hinders them but it's a terrific album that sort of is difficult to classify but once you listen to it you're right Alex it's like a it's like party music totally and I mean it's a playful name for a very playful record yeah that's true and I think it's a good headline yeah they're clearly laughing at themselves uh throughout and you know it's the the music's quite Sleazy and cheesy and cheeky and it's just great fun so um and my last one is a man who is sort of become known as the next big thing in indie rock MJ Lenderman is his name and his album is Manning fireworks it's a fourth album I guess you'll call this Americano I don't know if they still use that label Alex they do especially where he lives which is um in Asheville in North Carolina which has become a little bit of a um a mecca for Americana artists um Angel Olsson also lives there and they've got a really healthy music scene there so Americana is like a mix of country folk and rock yeah a lot of people have called this dude Rock a lot of the songs are about sort of sad men who are down on their luck or losers and stuff but I I wouldn't let that put you off the songwriting is terrific there's a great song on there wristwatch which I think is one of the songs of the Year be home Buffalo a and again just really well-crafted song someone who's been working away at this for four albums and has sort of reached their Peak so yeah hugely impressive you got to you got to get off the beat and track for something some of these records Charlie XCX is not an example of that but um you are rewarded when you go hunting I think sounds great you lost me at dude Rock but then R watchat does sound quite good I I hadn't heard the term myself and it worries me about what I listen to now but there you go um Alex what about the musician in the group what's your pick for the past year sure well as James mentioned it's been a huge year for big pop artists and as you implied it's mostly been about Taylor Swift romping through Australia and breaking records for sales and attendance but my people are those smaller Independent Artists that are toiling away in their bedrooms and small music venues around the country and those venues and those artists have done it tough any a year where the cost of living made it difficult for PS to cough up the money to go see them and with that in mind I'd like to take this opportunity to highlight a couple of my favorites um and one of those favorites would be the Jess riro record it's called Summer of Love so go and wash your hair Jess riro is a Melbourne singer songwriter she's been around for a little while with sweet smelling oil she's always put out wonderful records and I've always been a fan but for whatever reason this particular record tipped me over into megaan territory I think it has a little bit to do with the production and the arrangement of the music you know it's um a little bit nerdy but that's what I love uh there's not a lot going on on the record her voice just kind of Glides right over the top of the the music and there's no Reverb on her voice it's very dry which just means that it feels like she's singing in effect inches from your ear when was the last you did you know points in the record she kind of reminds me of um an old shantu singer you know like a Billy Holiday type but uh she's just from Brunswick or something so yeah I adore that record and recommend it for all the second record I'd like to talk about is by a Western Australian artist roena wise the record is called senseless acts of beauty Rowena is from this really musical family her dad makes beautiful guitars over there in Margaret River and her and her sisters are all singers and basically rowa grew up singing folk music doing the Folk Festival circuit with her family learning how to sing and sing in harmony and play guitar with her sisters so she's doing more of a straight up singer songwriter thing now but uh with a bit of a rock Edge I suppose but she still has that folk music in her DNA and you can really tell by the way that she plays guitar and the way she constructs her songs I was awake 2 she's got a beautiful voice oh doesn't she it is a great album and an occasional collaborator with Alex Scout yeah sometimes she plays her violin with me um or in the folk style you know it's the same instrument but you call it a fiddle um when you're playing in that folk style so yes she plays Fiddle In My Band and on my records too so yeah very lucky des and lastly there's this really great record from uh A hip-hop group out of belfar in the north of Ireland called kneecap the record's called Fine Art the thing that makes this record exceptional and fascinating is that they sing mostly in Irish the indigenous language of Ireland and they sing about issues that impact them as young people living in Belfast so they sing about you know violence and and drug culture and have a very pro- Irish Republican message they call themselves and their fans Republican hoods and they just went Bonkers this year and last year you know they've turned into a real cultural phenomenon and I think that's largely supported by this film that came out called knap tell me something about you something you've never told anyone else I'm a rapper the film stars the members of nup right it's a fictional account of their life and their career which has kind of meta it's been incredibly successful uh it was nominated for an Oscar in the international features category uh you know you might of love their music but it is interesting to see what they're doing um saving and developing a Dy indigenous language and I think that's why the movie and their music is turned into such a cultural phenomenon I did look them up Alex after you recommended them and I really liked their music was great go me too they're very cool well thanks everyone this has been really instructive hopefully for the listeners but definitely for me I'm going to read the ministry of time I'm going to watch Land man I'm going to read essays that changed Australia and I'm going to listen to Charlie XCX again and a bit more kneecap so thanks so much uh for coming on the podcast it's great to break the format with you all thanks for having me Lisa great to be here Lisa thanks all thanks Lisa thanks Lisa thanks Lisa thank you for listening to the Finn I'm Lisa Murray with our panel of critics David Maron Guzman Lucy Dean Tom mroy James Thompson and Alex GW reporting today look out for the second of our summer series episodes next week where we'll tell you where to go on holiday and how to get the best flights the fin is produced by Alex GW and lap fan Fiona buffini is the executive producer our theme is by Alex gal if you like the show and want to hear more follow us wherever you get your podcasts and consider rating and reviewing us as it helps others find us for more stories about markets business and power subscribe to the financial review at afr.com slss subscribe see you next week the Australian Financial review

- I Sold Fake $1,000 Luxury Water: Kind: captions Language: en 71% of the entire planet is made of water fact and all of these water companies together make $300 billion every year from a resource that is essentially free all the while absolutely destroying the environment so today I'm going to prove that bottled water is literally just a marketing Stunt by bottling up tap water St we need more water pumping as fast as I can and convincing a room full of people that they're more than just a couple dollars but a couple thousand do you guys want to guess the price it's only 100 bucks probably first off I did some research about the world's most expensive order and I came across this Aqua de crello or in Italian Crystal water wait you're Italian right how do you say tap water Aqua Ruben okay done that's out BR with aqua der rubinetto now created we needed some branding so I basically copied The Branding of major water companies made an obnoxious looking logo and a couple of Tik Tok have you ever had now if you're wondering why I didn't just use my regular voice the last fake company I made went Mega viral they gave everyone cheap instant ramen noodles and I didn't want people to find out that it was me change that no it's just me bro it sounds so good now that Aqua ruano was real we needed a product and for that I bought some wine bottles replaced the alcohol with water oh you're really good w m straight from the glaciers of Antarctica and we were in business now this is worth $2,000 with our business officially set up it was time to do some market research and see if people would really believe the things we tell them about our water all right so with us we've got the world's most expensive bottle of water and the world's cheapest bottle of water and we're going to see if anybody can actually tell the difference excuse me sir would you like to try some luxury water no you don't like to drink water hello guys do you want to try some luxury water excuse me sir would you like to try $1,000 water initially people didn't seem too Keen to try our water it's like 30 seconds it's marker research Mark research I I know who's the boss in that relationship Dam this is a lot harder than I was thinking I mean why would they we even look like two idiots but with some help from our beautiful marketing strategy we started getting some bites one of them is $1,000 one of them's a dollar where you from Italy Italy ah so one of these is hand harvested from glaciers in like kazakstan Icelandic glaciers from spring in in Mount Rocco in Japan so the background of it is glacial [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you bought it what was it called I'll give you a first right let's know what you prefer that's $1,000 I'm saying this is ,000 that one that one that's the water I'm used to tasting Maybe This Way Morey I'm sorry but your palette is wrong oh holy shito tastes different texture is different too that tastes like garbage that one is ass thank you so muchto retto tap water uh they call their company that cuz it's like a play on a play on where it comes from I didn't want to say the name I didn't want to say the name this guy's Italian I can't believe it work now that we had proven that you can pretty much gas light people into tasting flavors that aren't even there that was $10 a sip it was time to take it to the next level by opening up our own water store I had told all the people that registered for our event that we were holding a full cost luxury water tasting experience complete with Aqua de rubinetto branding and an actual $300 bottle of water before you open this why don't you more than $300 on a Bott of water cuz you haven't subscribed that's crazy bro that's a leader there's no we got enough water to share with people oh wow maybe this is worth it that's not worth it I'm sorry so while I collect some luxury water let me tell you about today's paid partner better help no matter who you are or where you are in the world at some point in your life you're going to face some sort of anxiety or some sort of uncertainty and I know for certain I would have overcome a lot of the challenges in my life if I didn't have a therapist to talk to the biggest hurdle I had to get over was that I thought I needed to be depressed to be able to see a therapist but in reality I feel like it's important for everyone to have a safe space to process their emotions and better help makes finding that safe space easier for everyone you f out a questionnaire and they match you with a therapist in as little as a couple days yum and the best part is if that therapist isn't for you then they can pretty easily match you with another one I can safely say that my therapist has made me a more confident and grateful person and I know for sure he's given me a lot of the mental TOS to deal with a lot of that uncertainty in my life if you're considering seeing a therapist or you feel like it would be beneficial for you click the link in the description or go to better hop.com Stanley Chan to get 10% off your first month of therapy W that's not good all right let's go get this set up at Aqua duon to see if anyone could even tell that this was a $300 bottle of water we were going to hide it among three courses of regular tap water M oh wait I'm going to have to give that to someone to further add to the illusion that this was some luxury experience we will also is going to take them through four different ways to taste water each one progressively dumber than the last of people outside what I had told people that the water tasting experience was free but I had no idea that this many people would actually show up to taste water so it was time to see if people thought our luxury water tasting was actually legit in everyone you guys want to head on in does it taste different to you as the people piled in I first gave everyone an overview of what was to come specifically by teaching them how to taste water thanks for coming guys we are Aqua deetto my half brother hi guys I'm Dominic um Asian Asian mom and Italian dad but essentially what we are is we Australia's first luxury water tasting experience kind of like wine water has own taste profile just as we were about to get into the water tasting one of our guests had some very strong opinions about tap water I've got a k machine at home so not drink tap water at all oh yeah absolutely not and she wasn't the only one every single C in my house I have a filter to clean it up well that's great because for the next hour they were going to have three courses of tap water now that everyone knew how to taste water it was time to serve our first bottle an Italian beauty from the peaks of Mount Etna which is technically not even possible since it's literally an active volcano so yeah we actually go we fly out to these places to to get the water our so that way it's not just cuz anyone can order anything and you don't know what you're getting you know what I mean yeah that's exactly right so if you want to give it a go let me know what you think our first unique method for tasting this water was supposed to be using spray bottles but we uh forgot to hand them out so without anything to distract people from the fact that it was literally just tap water what did they think of this fine Italian specimen thank you moment that in my palette was like w was intense it's very different I like compared to it was there's no chemicals in it at all S easy to drink with overwhelmingly positive feedback our second course was even better a delicate serving of Japanese spring Jew from Mount Rocco filtered using a very special technique so there's a thousand drip technique what it goes through 100 leaves it's funny cuz it says 1,000 drip and it drip drop Drip Drop as it goes through it's filtered through the leaves this was the riskiest part since we were giving them the same tap water back to back and to distract everyone from the fact that it was the same water it was time for Unique tasting experience number two if you have a smell of it and then go back and taste your water and see how it changes the the the profile we told people that smelling boiling water has a huge impact on taste so after everyone gave our boiling water a good sniff what did they think really smooth and clean I feel like when smell it's a bit sweeter taste because like smell a bit like chocolate so this one felt like quite fresh to me so I prefer the second one to okay all right I just feel like it's quite similar taste SAR taste yeah Fair Zena here was very sus of what we were doing and we still had another bottle of the exact same tap water to give her so we quickly moved on to our third course a $300 bottle of Argentinian water hoping it would throw her off our SC claimed to be one of 200 in the world this $300 bottle has actually won an international water award where did this one from Argentinian Argentinian okay it's be tast even though Zena seemed to dislike our $300 water everyone else was lapping it up like Sal sour as well same time easy to drink it is easy to yeah I agree like usually when I drink Sparkling Water I like pull a face at the and it was really smooth but maybe the reason Zena didn't like it was because she was tasting it wrong so I introduced her to a new new method of tasting water by using a pet you'll be able to localize that taste and experience it as each individual flavor very different see the SL sour amazing that really weird like never and that seemed to do the trick no but you can definitely Taste quity of the water especially with the as well just like testing how like it changes what part of the tongue that was really interesting now that everyone was once again enjoying the water tasting experience it was time to serve the final CA hand harvested from Antarctica by yours truly I worked on the Antarctica station for 6 months we told everyone that this was going to be our main product the bottle that we would be selling at Aqua de rubinetto I'm our unique experience for this course to lick it off your hand the natural saltiness of your skin with the water actually creates a very different like mouth feel so would that be enough to distract them from the fact that this tap water was literally the exact same water as the first two bottles oh it's like Mountain soft yeah that's massively different I actually like that took back right back to my childhood I have can it tastes like ice stay in the freezer they frosted it that's exactly what it tastes like no one had noticed but they had just drank three glasses of the exact same tap water and what's more people loved our unique tasting experiences but we still hadn't answered the most important question of them all how much would they pay for the water that they had just had do you guys want to guess the price before he gives a bit more detail 500 500 yeah c clients you could try between like what say 500,000 I actually go like a bit more expensive because this is like quite a novel experience like there's no other market for that you like the only I like maybe like 400 even like $200 or something like that cuz it is like quite a another experience so just as I thought as long as you Market something like it's worth a million bucks you can charge whatever you want and before you call it a scam just take a look at the plastic bottles you're sipping on at home well at least I don't have to pay $200 for that water I'd rather get it right from the source tastes like a million [Applause] bucks 3 two One aquad D Ruben hey thank you so much

  Top Comments:
  1. @ParkerBurden-x7q [1 likes]: this guy is the best youtuber to watch while eating
  2. @MAlosaimi7 [1 likes]: notice how there was literally not a single man
  3. @grzegorzkluska1371: 0:03 what with under water huh?
  4. @archangel9578: Why didn't you make a video showing the "judges"that their fake and that they just drank tap water 😂
  5. @ImAdyan-o7o: 9:57  "soft"?
  6. @HypnoJamas: A wise man once said - What you believe is what you see
  7. @ThatOneFrenchCalvalryOfficer: Not Zena being so dramatic
  8. @ThatOneFrenchCalvalryOfficer: Yeah the guests are just lying at this point just because it said luxury doesn't mean act luxury.  7:05
  9. @zekedaley234: “Very umami” WHAT?
  10. @KenanaOMasilabele: Is that drake?
  11. @jeylx: wdym Argentinian? It's from Austria and literally has Mozart on it... or is this some joke LOL
  12. @JACKRO.G: Is it just me. Or he looks like Uncle Roger 💀💀💀🥀🥀🥀
  13. @nikolaspapapaschos: Imagine trying to be an expert on water by trying to say that it‘s „different“ and „tastes expensive“ like they never drank tap water in their lifes!😂😂😂
  14. @MaySandar-g5u: ⠀                          ∩
                             ＼＼
                            ／     ）
⊂＼＿／￣￣￣     ／
    ＼＿／   ° ͜ʖ ° （
            ）             ／⌒＼
        ／     ＿＿＿／⌒＼⊃
    （     ／
        ＼＼
           U
  15. @SarahFu-mk8zq: His name is Stanley Chen in case you were wondering
  16. @Tra_la_la_laa: The fact that I just watched a story about this
  17. @ЛевКиселев-е3э: А прикол ещё и в том, что там ТОЛЬКО женщины 8:01
  18. @TheB4ll3r_27: 7:58  how the fuck does water smell like chocolate
  19. @isaccsantos1234: 2:32 ohhhhhhhh "proceeds to show a clip of them using water from the hose"😭😭😭😭😭
  20. @keshavraman7739: Rich people love wasting time it seems

- 💔Girl who sells goods on the roadside is bullied by family, but  becomes business queen! #cdrama: Kind: captions Language: en mutton soup Look at the mutton soup! Boss, how many dishes can I get for 100 yuan? Six dishes and one soup Both meat and vegetables All-you-can-eat pickled vegetables and baked flatbread Hey, wait a minute! My name is Jiang Ning She is the youngest in her family. To support my eldest, second, and third brothers' schooling My parents made me drop out of school after I graduated from junior high. I don't want to work as a female factory worker in an electronics factory. So I went to learn cooking. Stir-frying vegetables at a market in Shandong I spent 10 years From one table, we've grown to 30 tables now. Shouguang Tiger Head Chicken, Zhucheng Roast Pork, Majiagou Celery Linqi Whole Lamb Soup Salted crab with lamb Boss, you're such a heroine! Yes, Ningning is the best! Yes, this girl is incredibly promising. Ningning Hospital notification Your heart source has been found You can have the surgery now. real Ningning waited 10 years Finally, it's here! This is what they mean by good deeds being rewarded. But this surgery will cost 500,000. Don't worry, Brother Luo Peng. I have Happy birthday That's great, Mom and Dad! Brother and sister-in-law Today is Grandma's birthday. Auntie, why are you only coming back now? And you're dressed like a beggar. You smell awful from all that cooking oil. I'm sorry I'll go change my clothes in a bit. Mom, I have good news for you. The hospital helped me find a heart donor. My congenital heart disease can be cured. What kind of surgery is needed and how much does it cost? We provide you with food and clothing. So many years But we no longer have the money to perform the surgery for you. I still have 560,000. That should be enough for surgery. You unfilial daughter mom Wife You actually hid money from your parents! What did I do wrong? Your mistake was knowing that your sister-in-law was pregnant again. Your older brother wants to move to a three-bedroom apartment. They borrowed money everywhere. You're hiding money and refusing to hand it over. Why are you so mean now? I've waited so many years I've finally waited for this opportunity. Could it be my older brother's Is a house more important than my life? So you have congenital heart disease. Your illness was something you were born with. You've lived for twenty-five or twenty-six years! You have always been healthy You're fine without surgery, aren't you? right Jiang Ning, how could you be so insensible? It's Mom's birthday today. You made her angry? Yes, Jiangning We don't need much from you. We'll suffer a loss. What about the 560,000? You just need to give us 500,000 to make the down payment. You can use the remaining 60,000 to buy some medicine. Yes, Ningning Look how virtuous and kind your sister-in-law is! Hurry up and thank her! Mom, how could you treat Ningning like this? Third Brother Ningning is our Jiang family's daughter. Of course, her money should be split equally among the three brothers. Why should it only be given to the eldest brother? I believe my second brother wouldn't agree even if he were abroad. Third brother, don't worry. Son, Mom I treat all three of you brothers equally. I'll have Jiang Ning write you an IOU. Each of you will receive 500,000 Even favoritism should have its limits. Your three older brothers are your flesh and blood. Am I not a piece of your flesh? Can they be the same? You are a daughter This good-for-nothing son of ours is meant to be passed down to future generations. Yes, Your Majesty. Your older brother works at the neighborhood office. It's a secure job. Your second brother went abroad to do business. Make a lot of money Your third brother got into graduate school. Promising future Get along well with your three older brothers There will be many benefits for you in the future. You're just a street vendor cooking. Can you even reach the level of your brothers, these superior people? That's not something you should be grateful for. Whose kindness am I grateful to? My heart condition wasn't serious when I was a child. It can be cured with surgery. But parents You'd rather spend money to supplement your three older brothers' nutrition. They didn't care whether I lived or died. When taking the high school entrance exam I got the highest score in the whole town. They say that it's useless for girls to study. They tore up my acceptance letter Books enabled me to work and earn money to support my brothers' education. Girls are better at studying when they are young. It's useless once you get to high school Me I knew long ago that you weren't cut out for studying. For the past ten years, I've been cooking on the street. working from dawn till dusk Exhausted I only sleep four or five hours a day. I earned more than 4.5 million in ten years. 1 million yuan to buy a house and get married for my older brother 1 million yuan was given to my second brother as capital for his business. 1 million to fund my third brother's education 1 million for my parents' retirement My heart condition is getting worse. I'll die if I don't eat. Stop with this moral blackmail. You're a good-for-nothing, uncultured girl. You can support your amazing brothers? That's a blessing you earned in your past life. Whoever wants this kind of good fortune can have it. I don't want Jiangning anymore. Ahhh, Auntie flips the table! Not letting the baby eat My aunt is a big bad guy You worthless piece of trash You've gone too far, haven't you? You ungrateful wretch! I've raised you for nothing all these years. Let's cut ties then. I won't need you to support me anymore. That's enough. Today is your mom's birthday. Do you have to drive your mother to her death before you're satisfied? dad You hit me too. Shouldn't I hit you? I am carrying the Jiang family's child. I didn't dare to speak loudly to my mother. You came back on purpose like this. Are you cursing your mother to die? You vicious little brat! Leave the money Get out of here right now! Mom and Dad, have you thought it through? If I leave today, I'll never come back. Rolling rolling rolling rolling You uncultured, good-for-nothing brat! You worthless good-for-nothing, I'll pretend I never gave birth to you. Wait a minute Ningning, you can't leave. Third brother, you have to leave the bankbook. They have to write IOUs for me and my second brother before they can leave. I won't write an IOU, hmph. Then you can forget about leaving this door today. Tie him up, eldest and third brothers. If he doesn't take out this money today... starve him Throw it into the basement He'll be released when he produces the money. snort Let's go, Mom. My heart is hurting terribly right now. If you kill me Let's see who makes money for your family. Or maybe we should just let him go out and fend for himself. He doesn't look very well. If I really die in this house... Isn't this house worthless now? The eldest daughter-in-law is right. This house is going to be left to our eldest grandson. Get lost, but don't even think about pocketing the 500,000. If you dare not give your older brother I'm not done with you yet. I have a way You'd better leave quickly. Stop making your mother angry and get out of here! Ten years of deception and lies I don't want this home anymore. I don't want parents like that anymore. Please swipe your card. I'm paying the fees and registering for hospitalization. Madam, your card shows insufficient balance. How could that be? I clearly have over 560,000 in my card. ah Ningning, do you have mobile banking? It's best to check what happened. My parents I enabled Intimate Payment for them. They used my money to buy a house for my older brother. Oh my god How can there be such biased parents in the world? This is the life of someone who wants their own daughter. Come on, I'll take you to find them. Did Mom and Dad listen to what the doctor said? This time she's carrying a boy. Oh, eldest daughter-in-law Your belly... That's really impressive! You are a hero of our Jiang family. Yeah This is a red envelope containing 20,000 yuan that your mom and I gave you. Go home and buy some nutritional supplements to help you recover. I can't let my second grandson suffer. Oh my god, how dare you steal the 560,000 yuan I was supposed to use for my surgery? Give me back my money You little bitch Who stole your money? Niu Niu, we gave birth to you and raised you. You do it in front of outsiders He rushed up to us and told us these things. How could we, as parents, not feel heartbroken? Can you be as heartbroken as I am? I started working when I was 15. An apprentice set up a stall on the street at the age of 16. Ten years I've worn calluses all over my ten fingers from rubbing them so much. My heart started throbbing from staying up all night. I gritted my teeth and persevered. So what? Isn't that what a worthless person like you should do? Your mother carried you for ten months and gave birth to you. Shouldn't you contribute something to your family? Yes, they are all born of fathers and mothers. On what grounds? My three older brothers have a wonderful life. And all I can do is be a beast of burden. Just because I'm a girl? Every penny I've earned in these past ten years has been earned with blood and tears. I'll repay even the greatest kindness. Oh, and you're still saying you don't earn money easily? Who told you to be incompetent? If you could be as outstanding as your three older brothers Why would you go to the street to cook? Is it really that shameful? I'm ashamed of myself, I rely on these two hands. I earned a total of 4.5 million over the past ten years. This is money that many people couldn't earn in several lifetimes. How did I become so shameful? Ningning, I'm not saying this, but You're so old already. He doesn't have a proper job. What man will want me in the future? What's the use of keeping so much money? Can I take it with me into my coffin when I get old? Yes, little sister. The eldest sister-in-law is like a mother Your sister-in-law is only doing this for your own good. Is my biological mother dead? Hey you little rascal Blue sky in broad daylight You actually cursed me to die. I'll beat you to death. Ouch This is the last time I'll call you Mom. This is the last time I'll tolerate you hitting me. From this day forward, you are no longer my parents. I want to sever ties with you. Ningning, don't make Mom angry. You're already 26 years old. Can't you be a little more sensible? Pay back the money I have no idea what kind of money it is. um that Your older brother spent that money on buying a building. It wasn't me who spent it. You and your older brother are family. It has nothing to do with me Don't come to me if you need money. Jiangning, let me tell you Stop acting tough in front of your older brother and sister-in-law. If you scare me This unborn grandson I tell you Since that's the case... Then I'll call the police. Mom and Dad, we can't let him call the police! If anything happens to Guodong and me... It will affect your grandson's chances of taking the civil service exam. Aa ... Jiangning, I think you've gone too far. He got a little money and became arrogant and overconfident. I've seen many parents who prefer sons to daughters. I've never seen such bias as your pair. So bad Bah! Who do you think you are? They also criticized their elders. He looks like that car mechanic in the village. Jiang Ning, you always hang out with these peasants. I'm afraid I'll be stuck being a servant for the rest of my life. You should just be nice to your mom. Apologize to your older brother and sister-in-law. They are all magnanimous people. I won't hold it against you. You are the ones who are wrong. Why should I acknowledge it? You're so stupid! Get along well with your older brother In the future, he'll find you someone to marry at his workplace. You have plenty of blessings to enjoy You stole my money for surgery. I'm afraid I won't live to enjoy this good fortune. You've been here for 26 years. You're perfectly fine. You're saying this now Who are you trying to scare? That money of yours all belongs to your older brother. It has absolutely nothing to do with you. You should know better. Just consider this money as a loan from your older brother. He'll pay you back when he has the money. Give me back all these years You two and my three older brothers He's been sucking my blood all along. When will you pay me back? The Empress finally got this heart People who become parents Is he trying to drive his own daughter to her death? You and me Oh my! Oh my! Everyone come and take a look! Look at my unfilial daughter. She found a lowly car mechanic. They conspired to swindle money from her parents. Why is my life so miserable? Oh dear! How could a daughter act like this? Is it love-struck? Helping outsiders swindle money from parents That's terrifying! He is only 26 years old this year. I have a very serious congenital heart disease. I'm dying now. And my parents, who favored sons over daughters But they took the money I had for medical treatment. Buy a house for my older brother and sister-in-law Shouldn't I get it back? So they were vampire parents. How could you be so unethical? You even harmed your own daughter. you You're going to criticize your parents like that in public? Are you trying to drive me to my death? I'll jump off a building today. If I were to jump off a building today... That was all because my own daughter forced me to do it. You all bear witness for me. I'm going to jump off a building. You want to jump off a building Oh, hurry, hurry, hurry! What happened? I'm being driven to my death by my daughter. Mom, oh dear Don't be an old lady We can discuss anything. Don't let such a small thing get to you. Yes, we're all one family. Why make such a fuss? Ningning, you are so unfilial! You're determined to drive me to my death. Mother My poor baby isn't even born yet. I won't be able to see my biological grandmother anymore. Jiangning is useless Incompetent, truly rotten to the core. I never expected your heart to be like this. It's rotten to the core. Are you determined to drive your mother to her death over this 500,000 yuan? I'll jump off the building right now. Do you believe it? Ningning, your mom wouldn't really jump, would she? No, she still has a bunch of grandchildren and sons she can't let go of. How could she possibly bear to really die? Jump! If you don't jump, you're a coward! If you jump from here today I'll die with you, no matter what. I don't want a single penny. But if you don't jump You have to return the 560,000 yuan you saved to save my life. You're really going to drive me to my death. Mom, you You've gone too far! Dad, I told you to hit me as you pleased before. It's because I long for family affection. But ever since you transferred my life-saving money... I will no longer speak to you. Have any hope No one will be able to bully me from now on. Pay back the money or jump off a building? You choose Okay, I'm not going to believe it today. No one can handle you. Ahhhhh Nini and I are good friends Today I am here Nobody can bully her. If you don't want to jump off a building, then pay back the money. Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear! Oh my god, my wife! Ningning is like a father Please, stop pressuring your mother, okay? She is getting old Unlike you young people Her body couldn't withstand the strain. I kowtowed to you. Jiang Ning made your father kowtow to you Aren't you afraid of being struck by lightning? I didn't expect Jiangning. There are still people in this world who are so greedy for money. They actually wanted to kill your own parents for money. As beneficiaries Do you even have the right to speak? All I want now is my life-saving money back. If you push me too far... I'll take you to court. We'll get all the money we gave you back then. Civil cases can easily drag on for one or two years these days. Will you live to see that day? Luo Peng helped me call the police. It should have been reported long ago. Ningning, your older brother works in the system. There can't be any stains. Please, please don't call the police. Dad from childhood to adulthood You two are playing the good cop. They insulted and belittled me to the extreme. One plays the bad cop Give me two slaps Give me another date Don't think I don't know. Ningning was sensible and obedient from a young age. Working hard to earn money to support the family Besides being a girl In what way are you inferior to your son? Why did you do this to her? Who told her to be a girl? stand up A married daughter is like water spilled from a bowl. Sooner or later it will belong to someone else. What does this have to do with our Jiang family? If I may ask a question... Auntie, is your surname Jiang? According to your logic... You're not from the Jiang family either. Aren't you a woman? Why discriminate against women? Okay, okay. Stop spouting nonsense at me. In short, as long as Jiang Ning lives... Every penny he earns belongs to our Jiang family. They all belong to his three older brothers. Yes, we just want to get back the money we spent on the apartment. Is there a problem? It's hopeless. Call 110? I want to call the police. Mom and Dad, this is the money you transferred from Jiangning! It has nothing to do with me. I am the director of the subdistrict office I don't want any blemishes on my resume. If you can't handle him today, Mom and Dad I'll abort the baby in my belly. You will never see your own grandson again. Hey no no no no hey No, eldest daughter-in-law Please don't get excited. My precious grandson absolutely cannot have any problems. I'll take care of whatever it is. Jiangning, I'm warning you! Stop messing around. Isn't it just that you want money? I'm giving you money as a way of repaying the debt. Hey I'm telling you The PIN for this card is my eldest grandson's birthday. In order to get money You don't even want your parents. What Is there 560,000 in there? Not a single point less 560,000? Not that much. It should be at least 60,000. Surgery can be done for 60,000 Can you save my life? Your surgery will cost 560,000. You're trying to scam me. Yes, Your Majesty All surgeries carry risks. Many people don't survive after going on the operating table. Your mom doesn't want you to have surgery because she wants what's best for you. I don't want to waste my breath on you. I'll give you back the 560,000 yuan, not a penny less, to steal it back from Zhang. It will be too late for you to regret it then. Jiang Ning, are you out of your mind for money? If you want money, you can rob someone. You can go steal You can seek donations from the community. Why are you forcing your parents for money if you're incompetent yourself? I think I understand now. This family is truly despicable. Yes, that's so vicious. They really wanted to force this girl to her death. When the inspector came, we all testified for him. Even a rabbit will bite when cornered. If you don't return the money The whole family is just waiting to go to jail. Mom, he's gone mad. I don't want to go to jail. Give him back the money. Guodong, why don't you put that under my belt first? Mom, do you know I just moved to a bigger house? Where is the money? Jiang Guodong, let me tell you If you dare to give him even a penny today Let's get a divorce right away. I'll take your Jiang family children and have them change their surnames. Mom, you saw it, right? This is your most beloved son and sister-in-law. When money is mentioned It is nothing Stop trying to sow discord between me. I just love my son. So what if I love my grandson? I'm happy to. There are still 300,000 here. Do you want it or not? What if you don't want it? They'll send me and your dad to jail. Aunt You want to act like a scoundrel? That's all the money I need. One life or two I just don't believe you, as my biological daughter. Can you really send me and your dad to prison? Yunniang, you are our own daughter. You wouldn't hurt me or your mother, would you? You are shameless Ningning, what's wrong? Are you alright? I have heart disease My heart condition flared up again. Hey everyone, take a look! You're just bullying your parents. They asked us for money Now they've gotten what they deserve, haven't they? Sister-in-law You really are getting your just desserts! Don't go too far with your words. We went to see a doctor. You are not allowed to go What do you want to do? Mom made Jiang Ning admit it He transferred the money to us voluntarily. Then walk Otherwise, your son's future will be ruined. oops My son is still the smartest. That's very thoughtful. If you want to see a doctor, you can You need to guarantee this now. Starting today Don't cause any more trouble for my family. They can no longer ask us for money. Ningning, just promise your mom. Have your older brother record a video. Dad really doesn't want to see you so upset. Ah, hurry up and record it! He'll be dead in a minute. What's the point of keeping money? Ningning, just listen to your sister-in-law. Pain is on your body It's also my heart that aches for you, your father, so hypocritical. Get out of my way Do you really want Ningning dead? My poor son Now let's mess with my son. He's just wasting food by living. Ningning Nini Nini But your biological daughter Why do you insist on driving her to her death? What is a daughter anyway? He's not my son. Ningning, if it weren't for the fact that you only think about money... Will it end up like this? Huh, who dares to stop me from saving Ningning today? I'll die with him. Go to hell with me, haha! Brother, you must take the girl to the emergency room quickly! I have already exposed the ugly faces of this family. It was all recorded. It means exposing them. Get out of here, doctor! Your surgery Arrange surgery for Ningning You're finally awake! Luo Pengge I'm not dead, I'm fine. The surgery was successful. Where did all that money come from? Surgery Your parents I can't bear to see you get hurt. I've given you the remaining 200,000. Take good care of yourself and get well soon. They wouldn't be that kind. You little devil, Jiao Niang! Hurry up and sign this letter of understanding for me! Today If you don't get your older brother out of the police station... I'll beat you to death today. Yes, your mom is doing it for your own good. I don't want to ruin your reputation We're all one family Don't let the good stuff go to outsiders. Why do you insist on falsely accusing your older brother? Did they steal your card? Now you can tell me the truth, right? Actually, your parents stopped you from getting treatment that day. Several strangers helped me get you into the emergency room. I have a guess at how cold-blooded my parents are. After the police arrived A passerby provided the video. The police arrested your older brother. Where did the money for the surgery come from? I mortgaged Xiao Shihan for 180,000 yuan. The remaining 20,000 yuan belonged to Aunt Zhang and Uncle Wang on the street. Liu the bachelor, Sun the widow, and the others chipped in. You're afraid I'll be sad. So they didn't tell me the truth. You were born unfortunate Fortunately, Aunt Zhang was there. They all want what's best for you. Wait for me Stop pretending to be a good person. You just have your eye on our Ningning, don't you? Okay, give me the 500,000 yuan dowry. I'll let Ningning go with you. Ningning and I aren't as sordid as you think. Tch, you don't want to take it? There are plenty of people who want to take it. Look at that Liu the Cripple at the village entrance. He wants to marry our Niannian for 500,000 yuan. It's that old man in his sixties. Mingming, your mom is doing all this for your own good. older and more stable It's good that he can be caring. My mom is about the same age as him. They are also caring. It would be perfect for my mother to remarry. You brat! I'm not dead yet. You, hey, hey, hey It's okay, we can pretend you're dead. Parents like you who are good for nothing but causing trouble Sooner or later he'll be struck by lightning. How far is Jiangning from death? Stop bossing me around. today If you don't get your older brother out of the police station for me It stained his life. I yeah Come quickly, everyone, come and see this unfilial daughter of mine! Oh dear, she not only abuses her parents They even took her older brother to the police station. What a heartless and rotten person! Oh, I promise you I won't pursue the matter with Jiang Guodong. But I have two requests. Look at this ingrate, you all! They even threatened his parents! Mom, as you said I'm just a street vendor, a member of the lowest rungs of society. What reputation do I need? You threw a tantrum and smeared me It's useless to me Jiangning, tell me How exactly do you want me to sign this letter of understanding? Give me back the first 260,000. The second time I cleared the bookmarks. From then on I Bridge back to bridge The road is no longer one family. That won't do. If you sever ties with us... Who will earn money to support this family in the future? Are my three older brothers dead? Did my sister-in-law lose an arm or a leg? Are you two in your seventies or eighties? Why are you sucking my blood? Money Love or Not? Severance of ties, sign it or not Anyway, they're suffering in the police station now. He is your most beloved eldest son. The old woman saved the eldest son a piece of gold. I sign If I lose even a penny less than 260,000, I'll make my brother rot in his pocket. Not a penny less than 260,000. Turn around and let me see. Give me a letter of understanding You heartless, rotten dog! I'm with you, hey hey hey The old woman must save the eldest son. Oh, stop talking. Walk Hey, let's go! Let's go, let's go, let's go. From the time I died at the age of 15 My three older brothers There is an egg in every meal. And I only have one steamed bun. There was a time when I was just so hungry I ate one. My mom chased me all over the yard and beat me. Until I broke my bones The year of the high school entrance exam My mom, however, said I was a stupid fool. Show off everywhere I must have cheated. She tore up my acceptance letter. Teacher intercedes for over-birth He even kicked them out. My life My life is ruined. Ni Ning You are still young You will definitely walk the flower path Just because I've always been treated like a slave in this family. 26 years I really just want to hear my parents say something to me. love me But it has never happened. I was greeted only by kindness and middle-aged women. However, from today onwards I will no longer crave the warmth of a family. I believe that escaping the bloodsucking family of origin I will definitely live a better life. Are you like what my mother said? Like me I like you too but But I barely escaped death. I don't want to be part of any family right now. anyone's appendage I just want to live a better life through my own efforts. Consider other options. Ningning, don't worry I will definitely support you. The world throws mud at us We grow lotus flowers in mud. Good good good good Hahaha, Auntie and Grandpa Why are you here? Oh dear, we've been watching from the doorway for ages! Shan Ming Although I am a widow But I hope you can live a happy life. Oh, these are eggs laid by my two chickens. I've saved up this much in half a year. Nini, you just had surgery Take good care of yourself In the past, we couldn't even afford an egg at home. You're such a heartbreaking child. Ningning, these are the pastries I made. You try it, everyone says I'm dirty as a bachelor. Don't look down on me. Uncle Liu's pastries are the best in the world. The cleanest Hehe Ningning These are men of all ages on the street. My aunts and grandmas asked me to bring it. Everyone hopes you get better soon. Go home early We're all waiting for your cooking skills! Yeah, that's right. I also hope everyone gets better soon. Okay, okay, my parents treat me like dirt. He is Brother Luo Peng Aunt Zhang and Uncle Wang Lady Sun and Uncle Liu These people are not related to me by blood. Yet they treated me so well in the simplest and most genuine way. Ningning is back Come to Ningning and have some sweet oranges My heart is filled with sweetness every day, haha. This one? It was the money you advanced for my previous surgery. Now I'm returning it to you. Oh dear, oh dear You're short on cash It's fine to use. Uncle, I have money! Look at that one. That stall Look, there are 30 tables in total. Moreover, they have a stable customer base. How about 300,000? yes 200,000 Are you blind? Of course, I'll sell this stir-fry stall to you. Second brother's started a business. Uncle and Aunt You sold my vegetable stall to your son Did you get my permission? Are you crazy? I am your mother I have the right to dispose of all of your belongings. Don't forget we've already signed a severance agreement. We have no relationship. I've long considered my parents dead. Hey you brat! You've started cursing people again, haven't you? I'll beat you to death! Hey you You want to sell my stall No way, I don't have parents as biased as you. I will never let you bully me again. Let's see who dares to touch Ningning's stall. See if we agree or not Oh, Widow Sun Do you believe I'll sue you for murder? I'm afraid of you. I cast my line. Watch out, you old hag! I won't see tomorrow's sun Who's really in charge of this mess? Are you selling or not? Hey, I'm in charge. I'm in charge of this. My daughter If she dares not to sell this stall today I broke her legs. Auntie, I'm not a child anymore. You can't beat me If you insist on taking over my stall Then let's die together. I don't want this stall anymore. Whoever wants it, can have it. You're crazy! No, no, no, hey hey Don't go, Zhang Ning I don't believe you'd actually dare to cut me today. You have to sell this stall, whether you want to or not. You have to sell, even if you don't want to. If you are not filial People will talk behind their backs and criticize them. Hey, what are you doing? What are you doing? Don't come any closer, walk away quickly. Walk and roll quickly Good girl, well done! That's how it should be. Your heartless parents That's it for one visit. Cut him once Let's see if he dares to come again. Based on my understanding of them If they can't suck my blood They won't let this go easily. Boss, a plate of cucumber salad, please. Another serving of spicy stir-fried lamb offal Alright everyone, come and take a look! Take a look! Everyone walked by Don't miss it! Oh, this is my daughter Jiang Ning. She has had congenital heart disease since childhood. For her sake, I and her father... This is truly a terrible ordeal. Now she's all grown up. She wants to abandon her parents. He's going to get struck by lightning! He not only wants to attack us Abuse us Now they want to kill us with knives? Fellow villagers, as his father, I'm heartbroken too. Boss, is this for real? That boss I don't want that stir-fry anymore. Have you guys had enough? He's holding a knife. He's going to kill his parents. They're going to kill us! Come and see! You're not refusing to sell this jar to your second brother for business purposes. Don't you bring money home either? Then I'll talk to your dad. Making it impossible for you to do business every day Ningning, your mom is also doing this for the sake of family harmony. Can't you please understand his good intentions? Good intentions You're forcing me to pay for your 30-year-old son. otherwise Go ahead and cut me! Hey, roll this way! If you slash here, I'll beat you to death. That is Jiangning Don't get cocky. I've already asked your second brother to contact the media. Bring reporters over tomorrow to expose you. You'll regret it then. Get out of here! Ningning, don't be afraid of them. We'll all testify for you when the reporters arrive. You are a good girl. It's because your biased parents are inhuman. Brother Luo, my parents are causing trouble again. I need your help with something. Ningning, you say My parents have been causing trouble every day. It was clear that I couldn't keep my stall running. I'll try to find a solution for you. My mom is such a scoundrel Never give up until the goal is achieved Rather than be destroyed by him I might as well sell the stall myself. So that you have money Don't panic Exposed to the wind and sun on the street It's definitely not a long-term business. It just so happens that one of my cousins wants to buy a stir-fry stall. I'll contact him for you. 200,000 is fine Um But I want the property transfer done today. No problem, I'll get it done for you right now. That's the uncle I told you about who wanted to buy your stir-fry stand. Uncle, come in quickly! Okay, okay, hey hey Come on, Uncle, please sit down properly. Then I'll get straight to the point. I've seen your stall before. The young lady is doing a good job. I'll give you 220,000. But I have a request. Uncle You mentioned the pots, pans, and utensils at your stall now. You can leave all the tables, chairs, and benches to me. Also, I'll continue using your "Ningning Stir-fry" signboard. Haha, none of these are a problem. However, my cousin There's something I need to tell you in advance. After you buy my stall My parents are probably going to come and cause trouble for a while. Who dares to cause trouble here? Let me tell you... My son is a prison guard in this town. We are not afraid We have people Ningning, don't worry. I've already told my uncle about your situation. This is the contract. If nothing's wrong If there are no other issues, just sign it. There's nothing interesting to see, just a well-signed one. You count them 220,000 are all here. Uncle was straightforward People who can be trusted I have to go now. We'll talk about those things later. You two should talk first. We're not a young couple. Oh dear, oh dear, hahaha Uncle, take care. Getting married Your mom probably still wants you to... Marry that 60-something-year-old cripple. Ningning, you absolutely must not marry him! Luo Pangge I want to marry you. Will you marry me? Are you telling the truth? To Luo Peng You sold your auto repair shop to pay for my medical treatment. I heard later that you were kicked out by your brother and sister-in-law. Lingling is alright. Don't worry, I'm a grown man with hands and feet. You can make a living doing anything You have no home because of me So, can I give you a home? But The 180,000 yuan you gave me was also taken by my brother and sister-in-law. I am now penniless. I can't give you happiness The money is gone. Can earn more The two of them supported each other through thick and thin Mutual warmth is the greatest happiness in the world. It's so kind of you Meeting you is the greatest happiness of my life. You are so beautiful. Can I make a request? We are husband and wife now. It's only right that we sleep together at night. Oh, I meant, can you keep all the marriage certificates for me? I'm afraid you'll regret it later. After all, you are so good You're so bad! We can sleep together at night Ningning, is what you said true? Ah, I really can sleep with you. Ugh, how annoying! Okay And those two women look like my sister-in-law. That's her, look, she's still heavily pregnant. What I saw My sister-in-law is having an affair. He cheated on my older brother. Luo, shall we go to a hotel and get a room? I'm over four months pregnant now. Doing that kind of thing is no problem Let's go, then carry me. Okay, but the usual rules apply. You pay for the hotel room. You rascal, I've been following you since I was 18. It's been 10 years already. They've already given you children Why are you still so calculating? Ningning, did I hear that right? Your sister-in-law has been cheating on your brother for ten years. I'm absolutely certain, and I'm absolutely sure you didn't mishear me. My sister-in-law not only cheated on my brother for ten years My older brother even raised someone else's adopted son. You know we artists see money as dirt. You're not as vulgar as ordinary women, are you? Sorry, Lao Luo So what if you want to do it? Okay, I forgive you. Really? When will I divorce Jiang Guodong? Let's go together How many times have I said this? I am a little bird without feet I yearn for the stars and the sea. Don't try to bind me with worldly marriage. But things can't stay like this forever. I'm pregnant with my second child now. We can't let the two children never recognize their father. More than a thousand years ago Cao Cao once said, "Let us sing while drinking wine." How long is life? For example, morning dew The past is full of suffering. Song Meifen If you use the child to morally blackmail me Let's break up. Luo, you're so cultured! Such high quality She's way better than my partner. I was wrong, I will never make such unreasonable demands again. Let's go, you've been thinking about this for a long time, haven't you? Let's go to a hotel. Old Peng, you think this guy looks to be at least 50? What do you think my sister-in-law sees in him? In what way is he better than my older brother? Maybe... He's old. Tu doesn't like to take baths. But I think this Luo Yonghao... He's like a liar. It takes real skill to fool my sister-in-law for ten years. That's true. Ningning, um That being said Why do I feel like I'm familiar with this Lao Luo? I feel like I've seen this somewhere before. Oh well, never mind them. Anyway, it's better for the three of them to live a good life than anything else. But... If your parents know Neither of the two boys from the Chiang family are of Chiang Kai-shek's bloodline. Will I get high blood pressure from getting so angry? They are so sexist. Maybe. Hey, let's go. How was the door pried open? A thief broke in I called the police. Hey Ningning You knocked on my door. How did you find this place? Zhang Ning, you are my own child. Can you escape my grasp? Ningning, you're so insensible! How did you sell the vegetable stall? You heartless bastard! Today your second brother brought reporters to expose you. As a result, he was beaten up by the new stall owner. He's still in the hospital. It's all your fault. Is this considered karmic retribution? Those who reap what they sow will not escape punishment. Your uncle and aunt are breaking the law by trespassing. If you don't leave now Hmph, don't try to scare me. I am her biological mother Mom, Ningning, nothing in this world is as important as your parents. You used to be very sensible. How did things become so bad? You also don't get along with your three older brothers. Children's discord It can only be that the parents are immoral. Why Forget about today. I didn't come here to argue with you. I have some good news! I'll give you a discount. You guys are always causing trouble. What good could possibly happen? Jiang Ning, you need to face reality. These days, who's like your own parents? I'm so good to you from the bottom of my heart. I've arranged a marriage for you this time. The other person is about your age and appearance. Their family is rich and powerful. Oh dear, if you were to marry into that family... That's the young mistress. How could I possibly have such a good opportunity? If you want to marry, then marry. I'm not getting married anyway. That won't do. If you don't marry, who will pay the bride price? Do business with your second brother. I told you so Weasel paying New Year's greetings to chicken What good intentions could one possibly have? Ningning has married me. She can no longer marry someone else. You little brat! You actually married this poor boy? I'll divorce him right now. I'll accept a divorce if you want. You and Dad should set an example for me first. You'll leave me immediately Even if Ningning and they get divorced We can't get divorced. Okay, Brother Luo Peng How did I end up raising such a disobedient daughter? Ugh, you're driving me crazy! I might as well just run myself over. Okay, fine. You hit and killed If you kill me, I'll immediately invite my relatives and friends to a feast. You're asking for it, look at me! I won't kill you, hey hey hey! You dare hit me? I shouldn't have hit my elders. But protecting my own wife It is my inescapable responsibility Hey, hey, hey, you guys are just refusing to leave. I have a husband, I'll beat you up. Oh my god! You pushed me You little brat, how dare you push me? You just wait. You will never have a peaceful day. Ningning, I'll fix the door lock. Okay, don't be sad. Hey, what's the big deal? I'm used to it. You can't choose your family of origin But you can choose your own destiny. Brother Luo Peng, this is the cold-served beef I just made. I added my special seasoning to it. You should try it and see how it tastes! This tastes so much better than what you get outside! Ningning, you're really capable. I saw it online... The city has opened its largest chain of Sichuan restaurants. The name is Chuanweiju I want to try making some cold-served products. Take it to the store and see if they can help us sell it on consignment. Okay, Ningning I'll start looking for work tomorrow. I believe our little family will definitely get better and better. By the way, Nini I have something I want to ask you. you say You said during the day that we are now husband and wife. If we can sleep together at night as long Brother Luo Peng, you're really strong! The really strong ones are yet to come! Hello, is the head chef here? Chef Song is being sought after. Who are you? It's a food stall. This is the cold-served beef I made I want you to try it Could you sell these items in your store on consignment? Where did this idea come from? How dare you show off your limited skills in front of me? Roll away Chef Song, I've heard you're a professional gourmet. Why don't you try it first? Special seasonings were added to it. Get out, Chef Song! Chef Song It's okay If this one in Jiangning doesn't work, there's always another one. There are always more solutions than problems. The robber handed over his most valuable jewelry. Otherwise, I'll take you! I think you are too. middle-aged woman Still charming A person came to this desolate wilderness Is she here to seduce men? Don't talk nonsense! I'll take a stroll around this rural area. The stinky old woman took off her clothes Hurry up or I'll kill you. Please, please let me go. My son is the richest man in the world. He has a lot of money You need a lot He will give it to you. Stop lying to me, hurry up and take it off. Otherwise I'll stab you to death. Aha I've been targeted for murder and robbery. Oh well, never mind. So be it. We can't just stand by and watch someone die, can we? Do you believe me? Run! Run! I can't walk anymore. I'm so tired. Where are you going? haha Son's mom, I can't get through to you on the phone. finally found you Oh son I was just about to take a walk around this rural area. Who knew they would encounter an armed robber? Oh, thank goodness this young woman saved me! You're too kind, Auntie. What about acts of bravery? It was something I was supposed to do. I'm so glad you're alright. Thank you, miss. What is your name? Oh, there's no such thing as repaying someone verbally! Whatever Everything must be done to show that... Ah, that's right. Miss Jiang Ning This is my business card. If you need anything in the future Come find me anytime You are the owner of Sichuan-style restaurant Yes, I recently ventured into the catering industry. Sichuan cuisine restaurants with more than 30 branches across the country Well, I do have a favor to ask. no problem This Sichuan restaurant in Shandong is yours for the taking. Miss Jiang gave it to me Jiangling is my savior Good things come in pairs We need to deliver to two places too. How can one family manage? No no no no no I don't want the Sichuan-style area. I just wanted to say Could you please make my cold-served beef? I'll sell it to your store on consignment. Your request is that simple. Is that okay? Of course, no problem. Bring as much as you have. Thanks I'm starving after walking all day. Auntie, please try my cold-served beef. Wow Mmm, this tastes absolutely amazing! Wow, it's even more authentic than what I ate in Sichuan! Jiang Lei, how did you make this? Yes, I added my special seasoning. My mom has very picky tastes. Is it really that delicious? Hmm, you don't believe you. Try it! Um, Miss Jiang What you made is absolutely delicious! How about this, Miss Jiang? You set a price Supply our 30 Sichuan-style restaurants across the country. My cost is about 15 yuan per bag. I'll sell them to you for 20 yuan a bag. After such delicious food entered our restaurant Packaging allows it to be sold at a higher price. Miss Jiang, I'll give you 30. I'll charge you whatever you produce. Really? Thank you. You can just deliver the goods tomorrow. I'll be going now. Haha, this little girl has really good character. I wish she were my daughter-in-law. She was definitely different from any girl I'd met before. Ningning's meal is ready Let's eat! Hmm, how's your job search going? Lu Peng: I've reached an agreement with the National Sanitary City Creation Bureau today. They were willing to pay 30 yuan per bag. Buy my cold-served beef Really, yeah. Why don't you do it with me? The two of us can each make 100 jin a day. That is, 300 bags Earn 15 yuan per bag 300 bags would cost 4,500 yuan. Let's both be more frequent. Earning tens of thousands a month Less than a year Then we can go to the city and buy a house! Yiming, you are so capable! Hahaha you there's something about the things you do you're like daydreaming go karting Every night I sit here Chef Song's little girl is here again. Hey you country bumpkin Who told you to come to such a high-end restaurant? It was Mr. Qian Shaoqian who promised me he would supply Skyworth. You peasants How did I get to know such a big shot as Boss Qian? What are you anyway? I'm telling the truth. Throw all their stuff out! Don't pollute the air here. Stop! I'd like to see who dares to throw away the things belonging to my savior. Mrs. Qian, you've arrived! Oh, what's your name, Madam? You can just call me Auntie. Besides, we'll be family from now on. We will accept as much cargo as Jiangning delivers from now on. If anyone makes things difficult for Jiangning again They're just making trouble for me, Qian Shaoqing. Okay, I understand. Madam Boss I won't do it again. You don't need to apologize to us. Your apology is nothing more than bowing to capital. You should apologize to Jiang Ning for your rudeness and shallowness. Boss Qiao, say less I am the top chef of Sichuan cuisine I sit in the Sichuan-style restaurant You want me to sell something to a little girl? They even made me apologize to her. You might want to try the food in Jiangning before making a judgment. I simply don't believe a little girl could have any skill. hmm ha This is what you did. Lingling's cooking is definitely better than yours! How did this brat manage to make such delicious beef? I'm afraid in the future My position as the top Sichuan cuisine chef is in jeopardy. It's just one dish. It doesn't prove anything. Don't forget what you just said. I'm sorry, your voice is as soft as a mosquito's. So quiet How can you hear that? I'm sorry, is this okay? Although I'm just a street vendor cooking. But all people are equal. I hope Chef Song will stop looking down on people in the future. I know, hmph. Jiang Ning is not only capable Neither humble nor arrogant nor pretentious Better than any girl I've ever met Ningning, Auntie has a favor to ask. I want to tell you something Auntie, you said I want to ask you to be my daughter-in-law. What I disagree with Auntie, I've only known Mr. Qian for one day. And I'm already married. This is my husband. You got married at such a young age. Yes, my husband is so good to me. Well, thank you for your kind offer anyway. Besides, I'm not in the same social circle as Boss Qian. I believe He'll definitely find a really great girl in the future. Thank you for your kindness. I hope you are happy. If you have to blame someone, it's because my son wasn't lucky enough. Nini, you are my savior! I want you to be my goddaughter! You can't refuse! Godmother, hahaha From now on, you'll be my goddaughter. Who dares to bully my goddaughter? You tell your godmother Godmother will back you up My sworn brother will also stand up for you. It seems like overnight I was the least favored child by my parents He became someone visited by his brothers and sisters. I have a loving husband. And godmother And my brother Luo Peng: I want to go to the market and see my neighbors. I want to help everyone make money. Alright, my dear wife. Charge! Nini came to see us. This is the egg I saved for you. This is your favorite orange. Eat something, you'll lose weight I was planning to send you the pastries I made. The old man also saved some good food for you. Aunt, Uncle, Grandpa Grandpa, I've come to see you today. I want to discuss something with you. I'd like to ask if you should close down these stalls? Work with me Follow you I'm fine. We're fine too. We believe I'm currently supplying cold-served beef to Sichuan-style restaurant. You'll bring your whole family along from now on. Stir-fry beef for me together. I charge 25 yuan per bag. There should be a profit of 10 yuan per bag at 25 yuan. Our family can make several hundred kilograms a day. That would mean earning several thousand yuan a day! Ningning collaborates with more than 30 startups across the country. Provide them with beef Ningning, you're amazing! Yeah, hahaha Oh, are you guys stupid? Can you trust Jiangning to help you get rich? He's definitely lying to you. Yes, Ningning is uneducated. She's still a girl What kind of business can you do? He couldn't compare to his three capable older brothers at all. Jiangning Do you still remember? You've cut ties with us. What if you get arrested for fraud, affecting the future of your family and relatives? It has nothing to do with our family. Your third brother will take the civil service exam after graduation. Don't you dare mess with his uncle and aunt. I have no relation to you two. No need for you to worry. It's good to know Oh shit I'm so annoyed by what you two are like. I've disliked it for a long time. I'll kill you all today! Ha ha ha ha Widow Sun, you're going to die! Don't worry, you're all older than me. It's so bad, I'm going to die. You are in front I'm still waiting to eat at the banquet. I'll fight you to the death! Hmph! Okay, okay You should be smug. Wait until you've been scammed out of everything. You'll regret it too late. Just you wait. roll Ningning, I know you are a good child. Your mom and the others are getting senile. Don't take what they say to heart. No, I'm still waiting to bring my uncle. The aunties are getting rich together! Xiao Jiang and Xiao Luo You delivered a total of 2,000 bags today. This is 60,000 yuan. Please click first. No need to order. Thank you, store manager. You're Mrs. Qian's goddaughter! Why are we being so polite? In the future I'll need you to say a few good words for her. Don't worry, Uncle, I remember everything. Ronaldinho, you've really married a good wife! I have other things to do. We earned a total of 60,000 yuan today. After deducting the cost of raw materials and the money distributed to the neighbors We made a net profit of 20,000 yuan. In just a few months We have already earned over a million. Ningning, you're really amazing! We just happened to be in the city today. Why don't you go check out the sales office? Buy a house while you're at it I listen to my wife in everything. What are you doing here? Yes, and they were dressed in tattered clothes. How did you end up begging here? elder brother and sister-in-law Stop trying to climb the social ladder. Didn't you cut ties with your family a long time ago? We don't have poor relatives like you in our family. Right, Guodong? certainly Jiang Ning, don't blame me for having such a status. The powerful elder brother doesn't acknowledge you. Who told you to be a parasite at the bottom of society? I am a parasite at the bottom of society Who earned money to support your education and help you get married? I'm your older brother. What's wrong with spending some money on me? Besides, it's only good for someone of my status to spend money. That's your good fortune. Whoever wants such good fortune can have it. so I'm too lazy to argue with you. A high-end restaurant like Chuanweiju You probably won't have the ability to even get in this lifetime. I ordered 10 bags of cold-served beef from here. Here's a bag for you to try. Let me show you. What is the life of the elite? Haha, yeah. The cold-served beef here not only tastes good It is also a symbol of status. Priced at 98 yuan per bag And you have to book 10 days in advance. Yeah, if it weren't for your older brother... Are you afraid of this lifetime? You probably never have the chance to eat such good food. Is that so? Then you can enjoy it yourself, we're leaving. Brother, you are shallow and ignorant. Honey, why are you angry with your older brother and sister-in-law? I'd rather not tell them the truth about eating cold beef. I'm afraid they'll come and suck my blood again. What trouble will occur? Moreover Every time I think of my older brother He was cuckolded for 10 years I felt sorry for him. Speaking of this I just remembered your sister-in-law's man. Lao Luo, I remember who he is! Who is he? It's the place under the overpass where they collect recyclables. Scrap collector Yeah, I used to repair cars. The bank gets all its scrap metal collected by him. You mean to say My sister-in-law was scammed by a scrap collector for 10 years. She even had his child. That should be correct. This world is just a giant makeshift operation. It really caught me off guard. Let's go This belongs to Aunt Zhang's family. I'll give you 130,000 yuan out of 128,340 yuan. You just need to click. No need to click This belongs to Uncle Wang's family. A total of 90,000 yuan This is Aunt Sun's 40,000 yuan. This is Uncle Liu's 50,000 yuan. Hahaha Thanks to Ningning It allows me, a widow, to earn 40,000 yuan a month. Yes, ever since I started working for Ningning Our family is now living a good life. My son has enough money to get married. Yeah yeah Ningning is truly our benefactor. I'm an old bachelor Ever since I made money with Ningning A woman came to cling to me. Haha, Lao Liu! Then you'd better keep your eyes open. Find a good woman Don't go to one that scams you! Haha, um I think the business is doing well. She has a good appearance and is good-looking. They know how to live frugally. Hehehe Oh my! How much money do you think Jiang Ning can make with you? She was just a girl who graduated from junior high school. You guys haven't been scammed by a pyramid scheme, have you? Prejudice in people's hearts is a mountain How good is Ningning? You, as her own mother, will never know. Because you are selectively blind. Well said, you're the mother. It's better to be dead than to be alive. Don't curse me either. One day you'll be swindled out of all your money, even your coffin money! You'll know I'm right. You are not welcome here. You think I wanted to come here? Go away! Your father is dying. You didn't even glance at him. You're full of bad intentions. What wicked scheme are you plotting now? If your dad hadn't wanted to see you one last time before he died... I'm not coming to see you. Anyway, no matter what I wouldn't joke around with your dad's life. Whether you see me or not is up to you. Hmph, how could you be like this? Ningning, don't go. Don't go My dad has never been good to me since I was a child. He's like a soft knife. Speaking the fairest words But doing the most despicable things What's the point of having a father like that? If you die, you die. Look at my mouth! Just pretend I didn't say anything. But he will always be my dad. If it's true I still want to see him one last time. I'll go with you. Don't worry. Then I'll go first, Uncle and Aunt. Okay, Ningning, if you encounter any danger... Call us promptly! I know what I'm doing. Haha, right? This is what you meant by my uncle dying. Let me see him one last time You heartless ingrate! All you know is cursing your dad. Really? How can you be so mean? Alright, old woman Let's get down to business first. Don't let your in-laws laugh at you. Okay, you wait and see. I'll settle the score with you later. Oh, Mrs. Wu! This is my daughter, Jiang Ning. 26 years old this year Although I have little education But she's alright looking. Well, it'll do. Wow, this sister is pretty. I want to finish my wedding night with my sister. Son, don't worry. Leave it to Mom I'll take these people away immediately. 500,000 Oh, Mrs. Wu is so generous! Did Jiang Ning see that? This is the wealthy family your second brother found for you. You should hurry up and marry him. After you go there... Some people live a life of luxury. So you tricked me into coming back. They just wanted to sell me. Earn 500,000 for your second son to start a business. Jia Ning, show some respect Don't be so vulgar Always buying and selling Do you know that buying and selling people is illegal? And I've found you a good family. They came to give you a bride price. Do you understand? Alright I've worked so hard to earn money to support your education for so many years. You read it and it went to the dog's belly. First they wanted to sell my stall. Now they want to sell me out again. Have you lost your conscience? hey hey hey hey Show some respect Don't be so vulgar. They start fighting all the time. I'm teaching you how to be a person, understand? They've gone too far! Sit down, ouch Your face is all swollen. Mom will boil an egg for you and roll it in a bit. Otherwise, it will leave marks on my face. Granny Jiang, what exactly is the point of this performance? Is the daughter still going to be sold? If you don't want to sell, then forget it. No, I want to sleep with a pretty older sister. Sell Sell Why is Mom wasting so much time talking to him? Even with so many of us, we can't hold him down. We simply threw him all over Mrs. Wu's car. That night, he simply let Young Master Wu crawl into his bed. Isn't that all? Hey, you can tie them up as you please. But don't tie it too tightly, it will hurt! My mom is bad. But your hypocrisy is even more disgusting. I'm going to strip the pretty lady naked right now. Sleep with her Hehehe, then hurry up and tie her up! Let Young Master Wu sleep with her Even if he denies it, you can't force him to stay tied up. The police had already been called when I arrived. The police will arrive soon. If you tie me up Don't regret it later. Hmph, what good will the police do to our family matters? By then, Young Master Wu will have slept with you all. Yes, we can all testify that it was voluntary. Our family Some are relationships I'm afraid you'll tie me up and throw me on the bed. Wasn't that pretty impressive just now? He also hit your second brother Are you scared now? It's not certain who's afraid. Ai ai ning ning ning Lili My godmother and her family wanted to tie me up. They even want to send me to this idiot's bed. In broad daylight Who dares to tie up my damsel in distress? Is there no law anymore? This is a family matter. What's it to you? He is my savior. I am his godmother I'll see his affairs through to the end. A housewife like you who can't even express herself clearly Do you believe I'd dare meddle in this? I'll take you down too! Auntie is pretty I want to drink Auntie's milk and go to sleep. Quickly tie them all up. That bastard turned the water tank upside down! Oh my god, that's hilarious! My daughter is from the lowest social class. What important people could she possibly know? They even defied the heavens. Gangma These two must be actors hired by Jiangning. Let's ignore them for now. Let's get the money first. Hmm, get a few more people to tie them all up. Director Li This happened in your jurisdiction. I don't know how to say it. Mrs. Qian, please don't be angry. I will definitely give you an explanation for this today. We are here to help your local economy take off. Accepting investment promotion Construction company here And this is how my goddaughter ended up being treated. Even my personal safety is threatened. If you don't resolve this matter for me today... I had my son dismissed from his post. Okay, okay, Mrs. Qian, don't worry. Leave it all to me You human traffickers Setting up a private court is a crime. Do you know our local police station? Such behavior is absolutely unacceptable. Our Wu family is quite wealthy in the area. Everyone has some kind of background. It was Li Jianshe, the head of the local police station. He saw me. You should at least give me some face. Really? How come I didn't know about this? People of high caliber like Director Li Of course, it's not something you can afford. Anyway, with someone like Mrs. Wu backing us up... Why are we wasting our breath talking to him? Quickly arrange to tie people up Is that so? Let me see you tie one up. Let me introduce myself first. My name is Li Jianshe. 32-year-old local police station chief This is my identification document. It's hilarious! Forged documents Impersonating public officials The actor you hired is a bit too daring, isn't he? As for this He is the president of the Xia Chamber of Commerce The mother of Mr. Qian Shaoqian, the richest man in Sichuan. Mrs. Qian, oh my! That's hilarious! Just like my daughter This kind of mud-legged What kind of rich and powerful people could he possibly know? You guys are really into acting, aren't you? If you think we've forged identities I suggest you check the official website. It really was Director Li Jianshe He really is Mrs. Qian! Mrs. Hu shouldn't joke around at a time like this. Look, this is actually real! It's all over, it's all over. What are you afraid of? My daughter is the most useless and incompetent person. How could she possibly know these powerful and influential people? Mom, this is true. So what do we do? How would I know, son? All of you have been detained. Come back to the office with me. Mrs. Wu, don't you know some important people? Does he have a background? It was just something I said casually. Who knew you would believe it? I'm just a nouveau riche. If I really knew him Will you still buy my son a wife? Hey, Director Li Director, I'm begging you. What just happened... It was all done by me and Mrs. Wu. It has nothing to do with my son They're going to detain you. Detain me My mom did it all. Yes, my son is still young. His resume must be spotless. If you're going to arrest someone, arrest me and his dad. I just saw him involved in arresting me. It's useless for you to tell me these things now. Mrs. Qian, you are a big shot I was very offended by you just now. Please, have mercy on my son! Okay, I think your son is selfish. Morally corrupt Whenever something goes wrong, they blame it on you, their own mother. I don't know what's so good about your son. Oh dear. Where is my son? There are some drawbacks. But he is, after all, a son. Our Zhang family's roots It is up to him to pass on the torch to future generations. Does your family have a throne to inherit? Is it necessary to have a son? This girl is so nice Are you blind? Can't you see? Jiang Ning, she doesn't It just means attending nine years of compulsory education. Uneducated and unambitious And he's not even a boy. How can you compare to my son? You're the kind of person... There's no hope for them. Mrs. Qian, please... Please, please put in a good word for us. Please don't take my son away! If you're going to arrest someone, arrest me and my spouse. You don't ask me The one who was bullied just now was Lingling. You beg him, I beg him. I am his biological mother. If I ask him for something, may he be struck by lightning that day. Then you can wait until you're with your son. Should they accept legal sanctions? Hey no, hey no Jiangning, I command you! The mistakes I made Don't drag your second brother into this. Otherwise, I'll pretend I never had a daughter like you. We had already severed ties. Auntie, I'm not your daughter anymore. Ningning, you were very innocent when you were little. Why do they become more and more heartless as they get older? Uncle, you weren't this bad before. Why do they get worse as they get older? You disrespect the elderly I can't reason with you. Then shut up. Stop talking. I know I was wrong, sister. I swear I will never sell you to an idiot again. I love you Please plead for me, brother. Okay, really. Chief Li, did you hear that? My second brother just admitted that he was going to sell me to a mentally challenged person. No, no, no, I heard that! Everyone present heard it. They can all testify. You shameless elf! You're despicable! You dared to lie about my confession! I will never forgive you. It's as if I crave your forgiveness. Take it away from me Take it back to the station Oh no Don't grab my son. All of you need to go back to the station. son It's good that Ningning is alright. Today was truly gratifying. Godmother Thank you, godmother. Thank you, Director Li. Thank you for upholding justice for me. Serving the People Upholding the law is our duty. You guys talk first. I'll go back and interrogate them first. Lingling's godmother I don't know what you mean. He suffered so much before Such a good character You've really had a tough time. Godmother, thank you so much! You are my benefactor Don't say these things. Godmother also had no daughter You are like my own daughter. Oh right Today, the renowned food expert, Mr. Cai Yilan You should come visit my restaurant. It's perfect that you're coming with me later. Could you introduce your cold-served beef series? What should we do? What time is it? Chef Song quit. Xiaoqian's mother had an accident. Madam today Not Mr. Cai Yilan, a food critic from Hong Kong Are you coming over as a guest? Chef Song took the opportunity to coerce He quit. What does he want to do? Last time we helped Jiangning sell cold-served beef It sold out! I'm really annoyed And they were not convinced. He took this opportunity to demand a tenfold increase in his salary from his boss. They also requested that you Kneel down and apologize He doesn't cook. This has ruined the reputation of our Sichuan-style restaurant! That bastard Is this person's character really that despicable? Yes, Mom. If we compromise this time There will be a next time. But if it's not done his way We opened a window for Mr. Cai Yilan. His subordinate, Libby, will smear us. At that time, we will have more than 30 stores nationwide. Businesses will all suffer. Yes, and Chef Song's culinary skills are superb. Now we're hiring chefs from outside. It certainly won't satisfy Mr. Cai. Son, what are you planning to do? A person without integrity cannot stand. I think even if it means losing huge profits We must never tolerate people like Chef Song without any bottom line. I support your idea Indulging me is also a kind of My wife's father You need to think this through carefully. Reputation is very important to our catering industry. If we stand Mr. Cai up this time It might affect our Sichuan cuisine business. A complete collapse! We've thought it through. Godmother and Godbrother I offended Chef Song. That's why you guys got involved. How about I try cooking for Mr. Cai? Ningning, can you cook Sichuan cuisine too? I ran a stir-fry stall for 10 years. They mainly make braised dishes. However, I have also studied Sichuan cuisine in detail. That definitely won't work. If the food you make doesn't taste good Wouldn't that make Mr. Cai even angrier? Yes, after all, Jiangning only runs a stir-fry stall. It can't compare to a big restaurant like ours. Mrs. Qian and Mr. Qian My wife cooks very well. It's the best I've ever eaten. You usually don't dare to eat out, right? How many good dishes have you eaten? Godbrother and Godmother Please believe me. I will do my best. Okay, I believe Lingling There's no other way now. Let Lingling give it a try. I disagree huh I had no choice but to agree. Yini is counting on you. good Please bring me the menu prepared for Mr. Cai. Let me look into it. Okay, please let the kitchen cooperate fully. I don't need to worry. Hmph You must be the food critic, Mr. Cai Yilan? I've long heard of your name I am the head chef of this restaurant Aren't you preparing food for me right now? Mr. Cai This is what I've been waiting for you to tell me. Recently, our boss has become infatuated with a married woman. To promote her! She wouldn't let me, the head chef, into the kitchen to cook. You just have to let her do it for you. fool you Is this woman also a chef? Haha, him! It's the kind of stir-fried dishes that used to be sold at street stalls. Maybe, our boss He just loves these wildflowers. Qin Shouqian went too far. I specifically requested that the top Sichuan cuisine restaurant come out and serve me. In the end, he found a woman selling stir-fried dishes at a street stall to fool me. That's why I can't stand it. I came here specifically to tip you off. Respect for food is the greatest belief of every gourmet. If it's really as you say... I will not hold back in my writing. Hey please Hello Mr. Cai Chef Song, how come you're with Mr. Cai? You're trying to find a woman who cooks at a roadside stall. To fool Mr. Cai Of course I had to tell him the truth. You've gone too far. Hmph, so everything he just said was true. Yes, but not entirely. Alright, Mr. Qian You don't need to say anything. As the owner of the largest chain of Sichuan restaurants in the country You have no respect for food. I'm very disappointed in you. You haven't even tried my cooking. Why should you be prejudiced against me first? You're that woman who cooks at a street stall. Yes, but before you taste it... How do you know I didn't do well? Sometimes As the most famous food critic in the country I hope you can let go of your prejudices. View things objectively Who do you think you are, Qing Xiaoning? How dare you speak to Mr. Cai like that? He's right. I should be more objective, huh? Mr. Cai, is my wife's cooking delicious? Haha, everyone saw it. Dishes made in Jiangning Mr. Cai was so angry after eating that he slammed his fist on the table. Mr. Jia, you should regret this now, right? Hahaha, that's amazing! Mmm, this little girl's spicy blood curd is so delicious! I've tasted all the delicious food in the world. I've never tasted anything so unique before! Mapo Tofu Fish-flavored shredded pork Fish-flavored eggplant is good Sichuan-style cold noodles are delicious It's so delicious! Miss Jiang's cooking skills are absolutely amazing! This is Miss Jiang's secret recipe for cold-served beef. It's also one of the items that our restaurant sold out of. This flavor is absolutely amazing! People coming and going in Sichuan But I love Sichuan cuisine. Indeed, heroes come from all walks of life. It's great to have such a good chef as Miss Jiang It's a blessing for your Sichuan-style restaurant! Of course! Haha, I'm sure I'm pretty good at it with women! My thoughts are flowing like a spring now. I need to go back and write my food review. I will definitely write it truthfully. Thank you, Mr. Cai. As for you I've finally figured out what's going on. I will definitely expose your misdeeds to the public. You'll never become a master chef. Mr. Cai, please don't be like Chef Song. Sichuan cuisine section is officially expelled. You can leave now. Mr. Qian, I know I was wrong. I will never do it again. Please, please continue using me. Cooking starts with being a good person. You are of low moral character We will no longer use you. Furthermore, after Mr. Cai wrote it like this... I believe your colleagues will no longer hire you. Someone, get him out of here! Go out, go out Your Majesty, I never imagined you were more capable than I thought. He's married. I have a husband I know you shouldn't misunderstand. I want to hire Ningning as the head chef in the Sichuan cuisine section. What do you think? Being near the water tower, one gets the moon first. Then you'll have plenty of opportunities in the future, right? I'm spending time with Ningning. No, no, no I really only see Ningning as a younger sister right now. A man's mouth Deceitful ghosts Thank you and godmother for your kindness, godbrother. I don't want to be a chef now. I want to start my own business. Okay, then I won't force you. Well, you can hire a new chef. I'll tell him my secret recipe then. This is no different from me becoming a chef. Are you really willing to share your Sichuan cuisine secret recipe? Because we are family. Then I'll give the shop next door to Ningning. You can sell your own cold dish series. That way you can start your own business. Brother Gan Gua Woman Your brother already said it. You can afford it, right? Besides, the Sichuan cuisine recipe you have... After Mr. Cai's promotion In the future, it will sell for more than just tens of billions! Haha, this is what we gave you! It's all a piece of cake. Thank you, brother. You should focus on your career. Ningning, perhaps your future achievements will be no less than mine. You should treat Ningning well. Who knows, maybe I'll snatch her away someday. I really want to tell you It's nothing more than giving your husband a sense of crisis. He will treat you better. Hey, what are you saying? What does your wife talk about with you? I won't tell you. You have to tell me Haha, it's open for business! Congratulations, Niu Niu! Congratulations! Let's cut the ribbon! Pah! Haha, congratulations on your grand opening! Okay, okay, oh! This is a red envelope I'm giving you on behalf of everyone for our opening ceremony. You must accept it. This is too expensive. I cannot accept it. Hey, this is how you made us rich! How could I not accept it? Yes, that's right. You were the matchmaker between me and your Aunt Sun, weren't you? If it weren't for you... We can't get along. Hey Lao Liu and Lao Sun There's definitely something going on between you two. You two are really funny! Haha, okay then. Then I'll accept it. Congratulations to Uncle Liu and Aunt Sun on their happy marriage! Oh, thank you. Haha Linlin Congratulations, Linlin! I don't know what to say about you. This wonderful gift is for you. Grand Opening Mrs. Qian's gold price is now 1,500 per gram. This cicada must weigh at least 5 jin (2.5 catties). That is, three or four million. Oh, Mrs. Qian You're not going to help Boss Qian steal my wife's girlfriend, are you? Haha, don't talk nonsense. Hahaha Mom I cannot accept You must be able to afford it. If it weren't for you entertaining Mr. Cai that day... I don't even know how many hundreds of millions I've lost. If you don't accept it Godmother got angry Okay, thank you godmother. Haha Jiao Ning Ahhh you You Lingling, oh dear. Is Lingling alright? Oh, are you alright? Why is it you again? That's crazy to me. Jiang Ning, you heartless brat! Get your second brother arrested. I'll live a good life here. I've achieved a good life through my own efforts. Of course there are problems. You uncultured brat How can you open a store if you're selling something that's losing money? And your second brother is so smart and capable. Still owes a mountain of debt Now he's in jail. Yes, Ningning's fortune teller already said so. It's all because you're a jinx to the Jiang family that things are like this. I have now severed ties with you. How can I possibly defeat you? When you guys were suppressing Ningning back then When I clearly gave you the money Aren't you living a pretty comfortable life? I don't care. It's all your fault anyway. I'm not done with you yet! Hmph, you hmph Well played! If you don't leave, I'll call Chief Li to come and arrest you. Don't think that just because you're rich and powerful I'll be afraid of you. Oh, Director Li! So what if Director Li comes? He can control everything, heaven and earth. I only care about my own biological daughter. Jiaoniang, let me tell you... You must give this shop to your second brother. Otherwise, next time I won't just splash water. That's sulfuric acid. You are my biological mother My biological mother who gave me life and raised me I have dedicated 10 years of my life to this family. I almost died of a heart attack. You even want to throw sulfuric acid at me? Are you even human? Hmph, you are a piece of my flesh. You owe me Hmph, you'll get your comeuppance. Really, humph I'm just lucky, I'm very resilient. I'm just fighting for my son's interests. What happened? Everyone in the world is suffering retribution. I won't either. Isn't your mother always doing things for the good of this family? How can you be so lacking in strategic thinking? They even cursed us. Oh, I'm so heartbroken. My heart is aching so much. Hey, old man Are you really in pain or are you faking it? I'm really in pain. Hey, hey, old man! old man, old man Haha, didn't you say you wouldn't suffer retribution? This is practically reality, isn't it? You dare Jiangning, I'm warning you. Take your dad to the hospital immediately. Otherwise If anything happens to him You're still thinking about hitting me at this point? You guys are so incredibly biased! I don't care You need to get your dad to the hospital right away! You can't just stand by and watch him die, can you? Even if something happens to him It was your own doing. I have severed ties with you. As a passerby I can only call 120 for you at most. I can't handle other things. Feed 120 I have a patient here. Xingjiangning You're ruthless, just you wait. Ouch, ouch Old man, I'll settle the score with you properly later. I was just saying it as a robe. I actually don't want anything to happen to them. I know what you're thinking. But the ambulance Picking them up is more reliable than sending them by us. After all, ambulances have emergency medical equipment. Three years have passed in the blink of an eye. These three years My cold dish chain has expanded to 10 stores. And I have never contacted my family again. Ningning, you're pregnant! I don't have time to go out and play this time. I can't overwork myself anymore. Okay, okay, I promise you. Look at yourself. Whose husband Follow me wherever I go It's been three years. Qian Shaoqian doesn't have a girlfriend yet. He must be eyeing you covetously. I have to keep an eye on you. Only you treat me like a treasure. You are truly my darling. Luo Peng from Jiangning Why are you two poor bastards here? Jiang Guodong is you You still look down on people. I accompanied Jiang Ning to participate in the event. Stop joking. Haha, you guys This event This was specially organized for a very important person. Who do you think you are? Get lost! What big shot Haha, I'm afraid it'll scare you if I tell you. Of course, it's the famous female entrepreneur. The founder of the Phoenix Reborn Cold Food Series Ms. Luo Fenghuang Is it possible? The Ms. Luo Fenghuang you mentioned is me. Hahahaha Ms. Luo Fenghuang, in just three years He became one of the top ten entrepreneurs in the province. She founded the Phoenix Reborn Cold Food Series Even the famous food critic, Mr. Tsai Yi-lan Everyone praised it highly You dare to impersonate someone else selling street food? Can't a successful entrepreneur come from humble beginnings? Haha, maybe it will work. But this kind of legendary entrepreneur It could never be trash like you. younger brother If you don't leave I'll have security throw you out. If I really leave I hope you won't regret it. Hmph, I regret it. I've been promoted three levels in a row! With status and position You'll regret it, you scum of the lower class. Security guards Come here and throw them out. I'd like to see who dares to throw it away. My VIP Why did you come in person, sir? If I don't come I had no idea you treated my VIP like this. Hey boss Your esteemed guest, Ms. Luo Fenghuang, has not arrived yet. Don't worry, I will definitely take good care of these two people. One is my younger sister who graduated from junior high school. As for her husband He's just a lousy car mechanic. I guess They must be so poor they can't even afford to eat. Coming here to freeload Have them thrown out immediately. Jianguo Road This woman is the renowned and legendary entrepreneur. What is this gentleman's partner? Haha, boss, please stop joking! This is impossible. Jiang Guodong Don't you even look at the materials before organizing this kind of activity? Luo Fenghuang's original name was Jiao Ning I'm 29 years old this year. Impossible, impossible You are... Aren't you just a low-class person from the bottom of society, selling stir-fried dishes at a street stall? Why did he become a legendary entrepreneur? Big brother, do you still remember? We met at Chuanweiju three years ago. You mocked me and looked down on me You should give me a bag of cold-cooked beef. I think I remember Actually, I didn't tell you at the time. That cold-served beef series was made by me. You kept belittling me back then I was suppressed but I didn't know At that time, we were already earning hundreds of thousands a month. Hey, he's clearly uneducated and uncultured. She's still a woman Why are you better than me? More capable than me Brother, who paid your school tuition? Who paid your bride price when you got married? I, Jiangning, have always been more capable than you. It's just that you guys think I'm a girl. He just refused to accept this fact. how so I can't accept it. You can't accept it because you have a bad heart. I've given so much for you You've been sucking my blood for so many years What right do you have to be upset that I'm doing well? I never expected you to be such a narrow-minded person. It seems that promoting you was my mistake. Where am I narrow-minded? He's clearly inferior to me in every way. Jiang Guodong, it seems you're really not suited for this job. You've been fired. Hey hey hey hey I'm sorry, boss. I'm sorry, I was too excited just now. I...I apologize. Even an apology It was also an apology to Ms. Jiang Ning. She is a VIP guest we invited. But you offended her. Serious dereliction of duty Apologize to her Who does she think she is? It's impossible, you can leave now. Go and complete the resignation procedures. Okay, okay, I apologize. I'm sorry, Xiaoning. I was wrong, brother. I don't need Your apology wasn't sincere. So what else do you want? You've already achieved great success. And he deliberately pretended to be a lowly person and didn't tell me. You just want to see me make a fool of myself, don't you? And then make me lose my job? You can't talk about ice with a summer insect. Jiang Ning has been saying... You are selectively deaf. You have your current fate This is your retribution. Since Miss Jiang Ning does not accept your apology You can pack your bags and leave. Okay, I'm leaving. Jiang Ning, you're the one who made me like this. I won't let this go. Ms. Zhang, I'm so sorry. On behalf of Jiang Guodong, I apologize to you. Will my older brother, Director Yang, really be fired? years ago Jiang Guodong had been disciplined once for violating regulations. No one can protect him now. Ningning brought this upon himself. You absolutely must not be soft-hearted. Let me tell you about today's activities. Hey hey let's go let's go Hehe, um Mingming, look who those two people going to the hotel are. It was my sister-in-law and Old Luo, the scrap collector. Unexpected Your sister-in-law cheated on your brother for 13 years. Your older brother hasn't noticed yet. The crucial point is that my sister-in-law was also deceived for 13 years. He still thinks Lao Luo is an artist. This is what they mean by "every pitiful person has something hateful about them". Traffic policewoman Hey, slow down! Have you forgotten that I had heart surgery three years ago? I have a heart condition. Jiangning, you've been a menace for so many years! You still come out and cause trouble for your older brother Girls like you lack the magnanimity of boys. Why are you so full of bad ideas? Why don't you get struck by lightning? Why don't you get hit by a car and die? You are bad to me Due to family genetics My parents are no good people. Oh, you're being stubborn now. You dare to insult me now? Believe it or not, I'll break your sulfuric acid. Ningning, you caused me to get a heart attack three years ago. I didn't hold it against you. How could you possibly harm your older brother again? Uncle, please don't try to smear me. Heart disease can't be caused by anger all at once. Don't try to change the subject. I think you're just jealous of your older brother. So, was it intentional to frame him? Mingming is pregnant now Don't provoke him. Otherwise, even if you are his parents I won't let you get away with this either. I'm pregnant! Okay, why don't you hurry up? It would be better if the fetus died in the womb sooner. I've realized you're jealous that your older brother has two sons. He can take care of him in his old age and see him off in his final days. Ningning, even if you give birth to a girl You can't be jealous of your older brother! You ruined my brother's good job. My two grandsons will be looked down upon when they go out in the future. Are you sure? My sister-in-law's two children That's your precious grandson How could that be wrong? Don't even think about trying to sow discord here. How could you be so vicious? I've known about this for many years. I didn't want to tell you. I want you to have a peaceful old age. But now I'll tell you anyway. Ningning, what do you mean by this? He just wants to sow discord between us and the boss. He wants to inherit our family fortune. With your meager resources... I really don't like it. Is it true or false? Come with me and you'll see. old woman Jiangning, you stop right there! I haven't finished talking to you yet. What old woman Ningning said gave me the creeps. This kind of lie will be exposed immediately. He probably can't spit it out. Why don't we go and take a look? Fine, I'll see what kind of trouble he'll cause today. Which room is Su Meifen in? You who caught them in the act, you can leave now. We are a legitimate hotel Not including catching adulterers catch Of course we'll catch them! They're after the money. Do as you please I can also provide photography services. Give me any amount, 200 is fine. Neixiang Luo Yonghao, you're getting worse and worse. We should just use the second hand. It's all because you had two children. It doesn't appeal to me. For us artists What is most important? How can you say "novelty" like that? I have no life and no share I've followed you for 13 years She even gave birth to two children for you. Is it easy for me? It's not like I forced you to have this child. You want to give birth Didn't I already say that? I am a bird without feet My goal is the stars and the sea. Don't try to tie me up. Wasn't that so that you, Lao Luo, could see me afterward? I've done so much for you When are you going to marry me? Sister-in-law, um He will never marry you. He married you Where do you live? Do you live under a bridge? When did you all come in? It's during those few seconds of passion you're in! I not only took photos They even filmed a video professionally. No problem if I have to pay extra. You...you ... You bastard My son Xinxin Struggling to earn money to support the family You cheated on him and had an affair. This isn't about having an affair. Neither of your two grandsons are yours. Song Meifen, you need to explain this to me clearly. Are the two grandsons from our Jiang family? Since you've discovered it Then I won't pretend anymore. Both children were born to me for Lao Luo. It has nothing to do with Jiang Guodong Say that again, you fucking idiot. Son, what brings you here? I sent the text message to my older brother. Let my older brother come and see the excitement. Xiao Ning, don't be so smug. I'll deal with you later. Look at the wonderful wife you married! cheating The grandson born in 2013 is not from our Jiang family. How can I face my ancestors in the Jiang family? I'd rather be dead. I might as well die. Good, good mom I've loved you so much all these years Why are you doing this to me? You hit me? You hit me! Hitting me means you're a man. Let me see. You're so pathetic. How could I possibly be interested in you? Let me tell you the truth Before I married you I got together with Lao Luo. If it weren't for his refusal to marry me How could I possibly marry you? OK I never imagined you'd be cheating on me for so long. I always thought I was a superior person. I never imagined I'd be the most miserable one. Yeah, since you guys found out... I won't hide it anymore. Jiang Guodong, I want a divorce. Song Meifen, I usually dote on you. Let you live a life where you don't have to lift a finger to be served. You are simply incapable of living without me. Then you don't need to worry about it. Lao Luo and I are the true love. Lao Luo will marry me. This old man What exactly is it about him that I don't? He's an artist. Do you even understand? Unlike you Every day is about money, money, money. Is it tacky or not? We are getting a divorce. Leave immediately Tell him to take those two kids and get out of our area. Jiang Family Our Jiang family doesn't raise other people's children. Okay, let's go to the Civil Affairs Bureau now to complete the divorce procedures. Wait for me a moment. I'll go back and finish the formalities. Then we can be together legitimately. I can't marry you Why Lao Luo I've followed you for so many years without any official status or recognition. They're even getting a divorce over you now. How could you not want me? Sister-in-law, I think he doesn't want you. He can't have you. Do you know who he is? He is, of course, an artist who works in the arts. You're just a junior high school graduate with little education. You wouldn't understand even if I told you. You probably have some misunderstanding about him. He was just a guy under a pedestrian bridge. He's just an ordinary old man who collects trash. Stop talking nonsense. Watch out or I'll tear your mouth apart. This is the last time I met him Photos taken while collecting bottles If you don't believe I can also take you to his den. Luo, you need to explain this to me clearly. What exactly happened? Picking up trash is also a form of performance art. Who says picking up trash isn't art? Everything he said was true. I slept with an old man who collects garbage for 13 years without any consequences. She even gave birth to two sons for him! It was all consensual between us. I didn't force you. Even the cost of booking a hotel room was paid by you. A woman offered herself up to me to sleep with. Why am I not sleeping? You piece of trash, you useless garbage collector. I'll kill you as retribution. You abandoned your mother, it's all your fault. If it weren't for you today... Could so many things really happen to our family? I have never provoked anyone. It wasn't me who did something wrong. If this is all my fault... I have nothing to say. The last of my old Jiang family. I have no grandson. You let go, old man. What’s wrong with you Don't scare me, wake up! Luo Peng, do you think my dad should be alright? Jiangning, you call them ambulance I also paid the hospital fees. That's already more than enough. After all, that's how they treated you back then. You're right After all, it started 3 years ago They are no longer my family. Ah, doctor. How is my old man doing? The patient suffered organ failure due to a recurrence of heart disease. We now need 1 million to hire a foreign expert to perform the surgery. How much is 1 million? Oh, okay, okay. I understand. hey I heard everything the doctor just said to you. You absolutely must save me. I don't even have a grandson. I will die with my eyes open in disgrace! Okay, don't worry. I will definitely raise the money. Didn't Ningning give us 1 million for retirement before? That 1 million I'll tell you the truth. The original 1 million Didn't the second son face debt collectors after his business failed? I gave him 300,000. So you still have 700,000 left? Oh dear, what will happen when the eldest son's wife finds out? They said I didn't care whether my eldest grandson lived or died. I then gave him another 400,000. So there's still 300,000 left? The third brother was trying to get some kind of award. I gave him the last 300,000 yuan to "smooth things over" My dear You won't blame me, will you? I don't blame you You did the right thing. Their three sons are the root of our Jiang family. It's only right to be kind to them. That's what I think too. Look how outstanding our three sons are! It is our pride I think I should let each of them take a little. We'll definitely be able to raise the money. Raising a son is for old age. They are so filial They definitely won't abandon us. That's right. Unlike Jiangning, that money-losing bastard After this stir-fry stall disappeared... Who knows where the poorest people are scavenging for trash? In short, this girl... He's just not as good as his son. Mr. Zhang keeps asking to see you. I want to get that investment for your Dream Building Project I really can't stand him There was no other way but to have him wait for you in the office. It's okay. Our General Manager Jiang and General Manager Luo You want to compete with me for that investment in pursuing dreams? Jiang Shijie is good. It is Jiangning You're a stir-fry cook Luo Peng is just a lousy car mechanic. Just give up on that idea. Mr. Jiang, I advise you to speak with more respect. They are actually secretaries Don't let them fool you. They are the lowest ants in society. They're definitely here to scam money from you. Have you finished speaking? You're done talking, you can leave now. Jiangning, who do you think you are? What makes you think you can compete with me for investment? You've probably forgotten that I've done big business overseas. As long as Ms. Luo Fenghuang sees my plan They will definitely be impressed by my talent. But as far as I know It seems you've lost a lot of money. You probably even had people come to your door demanding repayment. That was just bad luck on my part. As long as I can see Ms. Luo Fenghuang Received that investment I will definitely make a comeback. oh How come I didn't know you had such great abilities? People of your low level How can they understand people of our high level? Only Luo Fenghuang You are the kind of legendary entrepreneur who is high above others. Only then can you understand what I call a social circle. Do you understand? I don't. But I know you can leave now. Ms. Luo Fenghuang will not make any investments with you. Who do you think you are? What gives you the right to make decisions for such an important person? Mr. Jiang, I really can't hold back anymore. I solemnly tell you President Jiang can make the decision. Because he is Luo Fenghuang Haha, Luo Fenghuang Secretary You've probably been bribed by him, haven't you? This is the funniest joke I've heard all year. He really is Luo Fenghuang Also the founder of the Phoenix Reborn Cold Food Series Ms. Jiang Ning My sister is really Luo Phoenix He clearly lacks education. He never went to school How could he be such an important person? That's all thanks to you family members. After I was forced to drop out of school To make more money for you to leech off. I studied recipes day and night. Stir-frying with all my might A full ten years I finally figured out the unique secret formula. What do I know about doing business? That's all thanks to you for giving your parents advice. I was forced to sell my vegetable stall By chance I received help from Mrs. Qian and Shao Qian. Created his own brand They were born to the same mother. You're so lucky! But I'm so bad This is unfair. Second brother, this isn't just luck. This is a test of strength and dedication. Over the years, you've all thought yourself excellent. In reality, they all live by sucking my blood. The hardships I've endured Suffering Haven't you tried a little bit? Even so You're just a woman too. Women are generally not as successful as men. Wasn't Wu Zetian a woman? Wasn't Marie Curie a woman? From ancient times to the present Great women are everywhere. It's your narrow-mindedness that's the problem. opinionated Unable to let go of the prejudices in my heart Ningning, why bother telling him all this? He's the kind of person who wouldn't understand. Jiang Shijie's Dream Building Project It is to help more capable people Ambitious young people realize their dreams Not to give you a hopeless case like this. You can leave now after giving me the money. Okay, I'll see the guest out. Mr. Zhang, please get out. You don't need to come anymore. I finally understand now that I've been called "you". You're deliberately concealing your identity to humiliate me. You're so cunning! I hate you Let's go, my dear. Honey, I'm tired. I want to go home and rest. Of course it's okay. All he knows is sucking my blood. Once you can't breathe They will turn against me. He doesn't deserve my help. My wife is wise. I'll take you home. Xiao Ning, what's wrong now? Xiao Ning, you absolutely have to help me this time. Otherwise I'd really be doomed. What happened to you? Three years ago, I asked my mother for a sum of money. I bought an award Now it's been exposed. I can't graduate now Xiao Ning, you absolutely have to help me. Your academic fraud is a fact. What can I do to help you? I know you are now a well-known entrepreneur. Rich and powerful You must know many important people. Can you help me smooth things over? Please help me clarify this matter. It was wrong of you to spend money to buy the award. If I help you That would be compounding the error. But I finally got into graduate school. If I can't graduate He was also blacklisted by the school. My life is over. You can't use moral blackmail. Ningning Niangniang I was the best to you when we were little. Your parents never give you eggs. I'll give you mine. Another time, I did it to help you. I even got stung by a wasp! But how come I remember? You gave me the egg because it fell on the ground. You don't want to eat it anymore because it's dirty. You weren't stung by wasps because you were helping me. It was because of that wasp. You're the one who stabbed me in the first place. I just ran fast when I was escaping. You run slowly Your Majesty, you are a great person now. Don't be so petty. Can't you just read more about the past? No way! Your whole family has been sucking my blood for 10 years! I will absolutely never help you do anything illegal or disorderly again. Luo Pang, let's go. Ah, beautiful lady You absolutely have to help me this time. If you don't help me I'll go to your company gate and make a scene with banners. You, a dignified entrepreneur You abused your parents and brother You are a graduate student I am a junior high school student You have no shame! I don't care what I do. You can do whatever you want; maybe you can even help me. Let's give our store free advertising Am I really doomed this time? Oh, why is it the third child? Hey driver You park, park. Son, you Shouldn't you be attending the school's graduation ceremony? Mom, I'm completely finished. I won't get my graduation certificate. Unable to find a job I might have to rely on my family to support me from now on. What nonsense are you spouting? You are a master's student! Those are highly educated individuals My parents' pride Wasn't it you who gave me money to buy awards three years ago? Now you've been exposed, haven't you? It prevented me from graduating. How could this be? If you had stopped me from giving you the money back then This wouldn't have happened today. Son, I'm sorry. It's all Mom's fault Mom didn't know it would turn out like this. What's the use of saying sorry now? Why didn't you do this sooner? By the way, what are you doing here? Are you also here to see Jiang Ning? Why would I want to see that rebellious woman? Your dad is sick and hospitalized. I accompanied him to the hospital. I just happened to be passing by and saw you. I'll come down and take a look. Oh my god, I still have something to discuss with you. I'm too busy taking care of myself. Why are you bothering me again? Your dad got a heart attack from your sister-in-law. Moreover, there are many complications. This is quite serious. The doctor said surgery is needed. Then let's do it. It's not like it's incurable. Why are you crying? The surgery will cost 1 million. I was just about to discuss this with you. You three brothers need to chip in to pay for the surgery. What mother You must be joking. I am a student. Where am I going to get the money to pay for Dad's surgery? If you want money, you should ask your older brothers. A few years ago, Jiangning gave you 1 million. And besides your tuition fee Your parents have also given you a lot of financial support. Mom, school is like a mini-society now. Do I not need to spend money on social events at school? Someone invited me to dinner Shouldn't I ask him to go back? There are also social interactions. Smoothing relationships Which one doesn't require spending money? I'm already being kind by not asking you for it. You still asked me for But it's over a million! It was just destroyed like that. Mom, this is an investment! Do you understand investing? Forget it, I can't explain it to someone as uncultured as you. But this is your biological father. You can't just ignore him, can you? Mom, I'm just a student. I don't have the ability to make money. I didn't ask you. Explain yourself clearly. You can't ignore your father! Mom, I'm so unlucky now. Please stop bothering me. Son, oh dear! Here Mom, why are you here? Oh dear, it's all that third brother's fault. You almost killed your mother. Why is this woman still here? Boss, didn't I tell you...? Do you want me to divorce her right away? Mom, Meifen was indeed wrong in this matter. But she now truly knows she was wrong. The eldest brother cheated on his wife for a full 13 years! Even the two children aren't yours. You still want a woman like that? You really want to drive your mother crazy. Mom, you're so old. First, he severed ties with his daughter. Here I am again, interfering in my son's marriage. You're so mean! You have a kind heart When you climbed into the bed of that garbage collector... How could you not have thought of that? My son. What old woman hasn't made a mistake? Stop dwelling on these trivial matters. Don't let go of rotten rice. What do you say, boss? No one is perfect, everyone makes mistakes. Meifen and I have had a relationship for so many years. I want to give him another chance. Forget it, I can't be bothered with all this mess. But let me make this clear to you first. His two children weren't from our Jiang family. You can't be included in our Jiang family's genealogy from now on. Choking to death, what era is this? Who still cares about these old people? big I called you here today to discuss something with you. You can talk about it. I'll make this clear first. Our jelly was just made by your dear daughter. Lost my job No money please. Your father is angry with you because of your wife. Heart attack Surgery is needed now. Requires 1 million Why don't you and your brothers chip in some money? How much did the second and third brothers contribute? The third child was a poor student. The second son recently lost money in business. I'm the one who filled that hole. I estimate they won't be able to come up with much money. Since you're the older brother, you should take more. I only have 100,000 Not a single extra penny could be given. Your dad and I supported your schooling. Get a wife for you I'll buy you a house Your father needs money to save his life. You just give me 100,000. Old woman, what right do you have to leech off our generous generosity? Don't you usually dote on your second and third kids the most? Let them pay for it. I'm already in my mid-thirties. I also lost my job. Where would I get any money? However, if Dad needs care... I can contribute more. Oh, boss. It's a good thing your dad usually treats you like his eldest son. Your grandson now Are you just going to stand by and watch your dad die? Life and death are predestined Wealth and honor are determined by fate. Some things are beyond human control. Ah, okay Boss I've finally seen your true colors. I'll go find the second brother. Don't come to me and your dad if you have any difficulties. husband I saw that Chanel bag last night. Are you still going to buy it for me? Other people's best friends all have Buy it if you like it. But don't go looking for that Lao Luo. Of course, husband. You are younger than him More handsome than him He's still so manly. I will absolutely not go to him. Liangliang and Xiaoming both want to attend a prestigious private school. Have you prepared for the tuition fees? Of course I've prepared what you asked me to do. Husband loves you Mua mua haha Haha, how about it? Warm in winter and cool in summer Not bad, right? It's alright. Oh, second brother Guests have come to our house Oh, it's you? Mom, don't be so alarmed. This is my friend I have something to tell you. I was just about to tell you something. Let me speak first. Where is the land deed for our house? What do you need this book for? Hey, don't worry about it. Anyway, it's a good thing. Come This is the copy you wanted, that's great! Son, that's exactly what I was going to tell you. Your dad has a heart attack. The surgery requires 1 million. I was just about to discuss this money matter with you. My dad's illness hasn't been going on for just a day or two. Nothing has happened all these years Don't waste your money harming the hospital. This land plot is a steal at 600,000 yuan. You won't be fooled if you buy it. The deal is done. Second brother, what are you going to do? Mom, our dilapidated house Hong Ge was willing to spend 600,000 to buy This is a great deal, you won't find another opportunity like this again. What to sell a house That won't do. If you sell the house, where will your dad and I live? You can go rent it. Or you could go to a nursing home. If all else fails, go to your older brother's place. His place is very spacious. No, no! Second son, your father and I have worked hard our whole lives. They just built this one house. This house is our home. You're going to sell the house We'll be homeless. Can you be reasonable? I do business outside He's drowning in debt! If we can't pay this money back I'll be stabbed to death. I am a descendant of the Jiang family. Can you bear to watch me die? No, son. I strongly disagree. I disagree with selling the house. You've always favored the eldest and the third child since you were little. Unequal treatment Even now you're still deliberately plotting to kill me. Are you still my biological mother? Okay, leave my dad alone. He's just stubborn. Let's sign the contract and complete the formalities first. No, no, no, that won't do. Even if the second son sells the house This money should be used first for your dad's medical treatment. That's an old problem of my dad's. He won't die every few days Stop making trouble here. Second brother, oh second brother Second brother, let's continue! Open the door, second brother! Second son I clearly gave my three sons the best education. In the end, they all turned out like this. Ms. Zhao Dongmei You should come to the hospital right away. Your husband is dying. What my husband old man Mr. Jiang Feng was just lucky this time. Just pulled back from the brink of death You must have the surgery as soon as possible! Otherwise, it's hard to say what will happen next time. What should I do? I don't want to see you die. Honey, have you raised enough money for my surgery? Only the eldest brother gave 100,000. The third brother even pushed me down. But what did the second son want to sell our old house for? You must have made a mistake. Our three sons They are all respectable people with knowledge and culture. How could she not care whether her own father lived or died? I want to call them myself. Honey, the Chanel bag you bought me is so beautiful! hey-hey Dad is dying. You are the most filial Let's raise some money for Dad's surgery. I have a wife and children to support. There's really nothing I can do. If you need care I can go anytime. Oh, honey! Stop making phone calls. We also need to take my little sister to an interview at a prestigious kindergarten. Dad, I have something urgent to do. I'll stop here for now. He's smart. There must be a way. Mr. Wang, my luck is always pretty good! Moreover, I still have 600,000 as principal. The stocks you choose will definitely not lose money. You must help your brothers get rich! Since you're so sincere... You can consider it. I'll take this call. Second Dad, I'm about to die. I will definitely die if I don't have surgery That... Hold on for a few days. Don't die yet. If Mr. Huang and I make a fortune, we'll definitely get you medical treatment! I'm not going to say anything more, I have to go to a nightclub with Boss Huang later. And the third brother The third child has the highest level of education. He is a superior person He certainly wouldn't be unfilial. Hello Who are you, Third Brother? I'm your dad. It's almost too late now. I need money for surgery Sorry, the number you dialed is not in service area. Please leave a message after the beep. What does "滴老三" mean? He simply pretended to be dead. We've worked hard for half our lives How did I end up raising three ungrateful wretches? This time I can only wait to die. If you die I'm not going to survive either! Or I could go find that good-for-nothing and teach you. He never went to school. The charcoal is gone again. Maybe he's begging for food somewhere. You're right. But what do we do now? I can't always just stand by and watch you... Died of illness The doctor said The baby is in the correct position. The inspection found no problems. I'm going to be a dad soon! Luo Peng and the others all say that sour foods indicate a boy and spicy foods indicate a girl. I have a feeling that this baby will definitely be a girl. My daughter is wonderful. My favorite is my daughter. My wife's daughter will definitely be just as beautiful as her. The Talkative Doctor I'm begging you. Please save me. The old man's condition is getting worse and worse. I'm afraid he won't last more than a few days. You should perform surgery on him first. I will definitely make up for the surgery fee for you. Hospitals have their own rules. If everyone were as poor as you... I need to have surgery again. The hospital should go bankrupt. I have 3 sons They will definitely take this I'll gather this money for you. But this old man can't wait any longer! Begging me won't help. I can't help you. Doctor Ah ah What should we do about the old man? I don't want you to die. It seems like something happened to your mother. Ahhh I'm fine, you don't need to worry about me. dog catching mouse have a finger in the pie I didn't originally intend to get involved. let's go Jiangning Station Your father is dying now. He is your father You also have a share. Anyway, you have to pay this 1 million. Hasn't my family's blood-sucking from me since I was a child been enough? Didn't you say your daughter is incompetent? Is it only sons who can provide for their parents in old age? What about my three older brothers? Of course they are very filial. However, I deserve credit for giving birth to you and raising you. You must pay this 1 million. I'm afraid my three older brothers won't be willing to pay. You're the one kneeling on the ground begging for a doctor, aren't you? It's none of your business anyway, you're just a low-class person. You're still poor, but even if you sell yourself today... We need to raise that million. How did I go too far? Anyway, I'm going all out today. If you don't pay this money today I'll die with you. Okay, I'll go. But not because I was threatened by you. It's just because I'm not that cold-blooded. I don't want to watch a living person die. Let's treat it as charity. Don't just talk a good game Go pay the money, I'll go pay. Ms. Jiang and Mr. Luo What wind blew you here? Dean Li and Ms. Jiang Thank you for your recent donation of 50 million to our hospital! It has saved countless children with cleft lips. You are truly a conscientious entrepreneur. Donating 50 million You, entrepreneur Jiang Ning, what kind of act are you getting someone to put on for you this time? Grandma Jiang Have you paid your surgery fee? Ah, I know you. You're Dean Li? This is my daughter Jiang Ning She will pay my fees. The donation of 50 million you just mentioned What does that mean? So you're Ms. Jiang Ning's mother! Oh, you should have said so earlier! I had already arranged the most... A good doctor performed the surgery on your husband. Excuse me We've neglected it. It doesn't matter My parents cut ties with me a long time ago. I treated them as strangers. Losing such an excellent daughter But their losses... Dean Li, are you sure you're not mistaken? Jiang Ning, that brat He's just uncultured He's just a good-for-nothing peasant. You may have misunderstood Ms. Jiang. She's now the most famous female entrepreneur in the entire province! Net worth billions She created the Phoenix Rebirth Cold Juice series Bestselling worldwide She promoted Sichuan cuisine culture to the world. Dean Li Are you sure the person you're talking about is my daughter? Genuine product guaranteed Miss Jiang Ning is impossible Like you, little girl I didn't receive much education growing up. How could someone so outstanding be without culture? And those three boys I painstakingly raised But they're all more mediocre than the last. So The feudal ideology of valuing sons over daughters is deadly! We parents can't be biased. Dean Li, don't talk to him that much. Hurry up and arrange for someone to perform surgery on Jiang Feng. I'll pay for the surgery. Good bag is on me Oh no, Dean Li! Jiang Feng, from Ward 6, committed suicide. Ward 6 That's the old man in my husband's hospital room. Old man, what's wrong with you? You absolutely can't leave me alone! The patient's health was already poor. Now he has lost too much blood. We did our best. Doctor, you must save this old man's life! How am I supposed to live alone? It's my own choice not to live anymore. It has nothing to do with other people Old man, why are you so foolish? We've worked hard all our lives Raising all three sons to be talented I am now terminally ill Surprisingly, no one cared about me. Not enough money for surgery Sooner or later, they will die a painful death. It would be better to die sooner. Look at Jiangning Our daughter She is now a nationally renowned entrepreneur. She is rich now. I'm still willing to save you Stop trying to comfort me. Do you think I don't know Jiang Ning's capabilities? Able to support oneself Jiang Ning, a well-known female entrepreneur Donate 50 million to Renxin Hospital Old man, look, it's on TV! This is true. Our daughter is so successful! She's willing to save you. Tingting, you are amazing! Would you still want to be my daughter in my next life? I'm so sorry, Dad. I'll never forgive you in this lifetime. Your parents have always favored you. I'm so good to you But you ignore them. Now your father is dead Dad was already old and frail. He also has heart disease Isn't this just a matter of time? How can you blame us? All fathers are incompetent sons I don't have money to treat your illness. I'll take care of Dad's funeral. I currently have the most debt outside. I need a wedding gift to pay off my debts. None of you should try to take my dad away from me! You're not human. You're a human being, help me pay off my debts, Jiang Ning! Even if you are rich and powerful now You shouldn't have done this while your father's body was still warm. You're just bullying your second brother! Your second brother is, after all, a male member of the Jiang family. You are truly hopeless. Mother is dead. Don't be too sad. Now your dad is gone too. It's just me, the old woman, left. I have no money and my health is poor. From now on, the three of you will be my care in my old age. Mom, you know. My family only has one three-bedroom apartment. Meifen and I shared a room. Liangliang's room When Xiaoming grows up, he also wants a room. There really aren't any extra rooms available for you to stay in. Don't look for me. I'm just a poor student. I didn't make any money. I didn't even get my graduation certificate. I can't even support myself. How will I raise them? Second brother, you sold the house in your parents' hometown. You've taken all the money. Let's provide for their old age too. My money is all in the stock market. When I make money I will definitely raise it. Mom, I'm homeless now. I can't expect my mom to live under a bridge with me, can I? I have raised you with great care and hardship for so many years Don't you all care about me anymore? Mom, please don't be angry. I do have a good idea. Oh, what can I do? Isn't Ningning rich and powerful now? Why not just let her take care of Mom in her old age? Hey, right? I can lend a hand. Oh, help Mom! Move the luggage over That's the best solution. I can also contribute. Hehehehe Your parents have always favored you three sons. To talk about the kindness of raising and nurturing I paid it all off a long time ago. Even Mom herself said Raising a son is for old age security. Girls are a waste of money. I think she doesn't need my help. I don't need your help. Eldest son, Mom has been the best to you all these years. You wouldn't be doing this to support Su Meifen and those two... cheap son Don't care about Mom either Mom I suddenly remembered Meifen asked me to pick up my child from school. Don't be too sad about Dad's situation. Hey, big brother, hey, you second brother Oh what Everything went down the drain. Really? I'm coming right now! Uh Mom I have a stomach ache I'm leaving now. I'll come after Dad's funeral. Oh right, Mom You can't just give that money to your second brother alone. You can't be biased. You have to divide it equally among your three brothers. Ah, I'm leaving. Mom was wrong All wrong Don't tell me I know you won't care about me. I'd rather die than let you control me. Let me forgive you Let me take care of you in your old age I'm sorry, I can't do it. Because you hurt me so deeply I knew you'd been a heartless child since you were little. I will help you redeem the old house. I will give you a fixed amount of 1,500 per month. Consider it repayment for the kindness of giving me life. But I won't see you again. because Even though you're not my mother, I still can't forgive you. Why did I raise my three sons with such difficulty? They don't care about me In the end, it was up to me. It turned out to be the daughter of the boy I considered my younger brother. I'm just going to a new store overseas for a ribbon-cutting ceremony. You should follow too. Of course. Who knows that kid Qian Shaoqian? Do you have any other thoughts about me? You are not allowed to have wild thoughts. I've already given birth to your daughter. Besides, my godbrother already has a girlfriend. After all, my wife is so good If one day someone else takes it away They definitely won't give it back to me. I need to keep a close eye on it. Your Majesty, save me! Big brother, it's you? How did you become like this? Your sister-in-law lied to me and said we were getting back together. They ended up scamming me out of my house. Now he's gone with Lao Luo. Whose fault is that? Isn't it just your love-struck brain? Knowing full well that your sister-in-law betrayed you for 13 years You should still forgive her. Can we blame anyone else for this? That old Luo He's cheating on your sister-in-law. As a result, I contracted HIV. Your sister-in-law was also infected by him. Now it has infected me as well. Ningning, you're so rich You must save me. Go away! My sea thorn disease is incurable. No one can cure it Your older brother's parents are so good to you But you mistreat them. This is retribution. Did I really deserve it? I really know I was wrong. Why did I lose my chance? Hello Jiangning? Your second brother is in my hands now. If you don't pay to redeem him Break his legs Go to Sanlipo and take a look. Jia Ning, your second brother lost money in the stock market. They owe us millions If you don't help him, he'll be back. We'll break his arms and legs. General, save me! Help me, they're going to kill me! I am indeed rich. But I will absolutely not help you fill this bottomless pit. Having done so many wrong things to get to where I am today You brought this on yourself. So you're not going to pay me back? Lift your legs up for me I'll ask you one last time. Will he pay off his debts? If you don't pay His arm was broken too. Hmph, Jiang Ning beats Jiang Ning Ahhhhhh Aren't you afraid they'll beat you to death? Second brother, everyone has to take responsibility for the mistakes they've made. Pay the price My second brother was no exception. However, the evil forces of Red Star cannot be tolerated. I've already called the police for my second brother. Hopefully he can hold on. Police, come! Ningning, you're going to be interviewed today. I've prepared dinner at home and am waiting for you to come back. Xiao Ning, I'm going to Iran to start over. Nobody there knows me. Maybe I can secure a good future. What does this have to do with me? Look, my older brother is hospitalized with AIDS. Second brother's arms and legs were broken. Unable to take care of themselves You're the richest among your siblings. Could you lend me some money for travel expenses? Cannot roll Congratulations to Lingling on opening her 101st branch! Career is like sesame seeds blooming, rising step by step. Yes, there's war going on abroad now. But we live such a happy life Let us toast to the prosperity and strength of our motherland! Thank you for protecting us, our wonderful motherland. Cheers! Cheers! Cheers! Cheers! Cheers! Ms. Jiang Nian Thank you for accepting our interview. Now that we have achieved such great success Is it largely related to family support? I want to thank many people My family and parents were the only ones missing. So, is there anything you'd like to say? All girls who have been abused by their families of origin Never give up on yourself Because you too can have a wonderful life. You can also walk the flower path on your own. I'm sorry, daughter. Mom was wrong, um. May all women who have been discriminated against by their families of origin They all have a bright future.

- Importance of Consumer Behaviour : Understanding the Buying Mind: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to our comprehensive video on understanding consumer behavior in this detailed discussion we will delve into the meaning and concept of consumer Behavior explore the difference between customers and consumers discuss the importance of understanding consumer behavior and examine the various factors that influence it so let's dive deep into the fascinating world of consumer Behavior meaning and concept of consumer Behavior consumer behavior is a multi-dimensional field that encompasses the study of how individuals groups or organizations make decisions and take action in purchasing and using products and services it involves understanding the psychology motivations preferences and habits of consumers consumer Behavior research provides valuable insights into why consumers behave the way they do and how their behavior can be influenced by examining consumer Behavior businesses can gain a better understanding of their target audience and tailor their marketing strategies accordingly to better grasp the concept of consumer behavior let's explore a couple of examples example one buying a smartphone imagine you're in the market for a new smartphone phone your decision-making process may involve considering various factors such as the brand reputation price features and reviews these considerations are influenced by your personal preferences past experiences and the influence of others for example you might prefer a particular brand due to its innovative features or positive reviews from friends or influencers example two choosing a vacation destination now let's consider another example planning a vacation involves a similar consumer Behavior process factors like budget desired activity recommendations from friends and online research all play a role in your decision-making process for instance you might choose a vacation destination based on its affordability availability of adventurous activities or positive reviews from fellow Travelers difference between customer and consumer it is important to understand the distinction between customers and consumers although these terms are often used interchangeably they have distinct meanings in the realm of consumer Behavior a customer is someone who purchases a product or service from a company they engage in a trans transaction which involves exchanging money for goods or services on the other hand a consumer is a person who uses or consumes the product or service regardless of whether they made the purchase themselves for example a parent buying a toy for their child is the customer while the child is the consumer importance of consumer Behavior understanding consumer behavior is crucial for businesses and marketers let's explore the various reasons why it holds such significance modern philosophy consumer Behavior aligns with modern philosophy which emphasizes is the importance of customer Centric approaches by understanding consumer Behavior businesses can tailor their products services and marketing strategies to meet the specific needs and desires of their target audience this customer Centric approach enhances customer satisfaction and loyalty leading to long-term success achieving marketing goals consumer Behavior helps businesses achieve their marketing goals by analyzing consumer preferences and motivations companies can develop effective marketing campaigns and strategies that resonate with their target market leading to increase sales and brand loyalty for instance understanding consumer Behavior can help a company position its products or Services as a solution to Consumer needs or as a way to fulfill their aspirations performance of the entire distribution Network consumer Behavior also improves the performance of the entire distribution Network when businesses understand their customers buying habits and preferences they can provide valuable insights to dealers and salespeople enabling them to enhance their selling techniques and improve customer satisfaction by aligning distribution network with consumer Behavior patterns businesses can ensure that their products reach the right customers at the right time more relevant marketing program by studying consumer Behavior businesses can develop more relevant marketing programs this means tailoring their messages advertising channels and promotional offers to match the preferences values and lifestyles of their target consumers by delivering targeted and personalized marketing messages businesses can create a stronger emotional connection with consumers and increase the likelihood of conversion adjusting marketing program over time consumer Behavior allows businesses to adjust their marketing programs over time by monitoring changes in consumer preferences and behaviors companies can adapt their strategies to stay ahead of the competition and maintain their relevance in the market for example if consumer preferences shift towards eco-friendly products businesses can modify their marketing strategies to emphasize the environmental benefits of their offerings predicting market trends another benefit of understanding consumer behavior is the ability to predict market trends by analyzing consumer data and Trends businesses can identify Emerging Market opportunities and position themselves to capitalize on them for instance by tracking the growing interest in health and wellness businesses can develop and market products that cater to this trend such as organic food fitness equipment or wellness retreats consumer differentiation consumer Behavior helps businesses differentiate their target audience by segmenting consumers based on their preferences demographics and behavior companies can develop targeted marketing campaigns that speak directly to specific consumer groups increasing the effectiveness of their efforts for example a clothing retailer May create different marketing strategies for teenagers young professionals and older adults recognizing their distinct preferences and buying behaviors retention of consumers understanding consumer behavior is crucial for customer retention by knowing what motivates consumers to remain loyal to a brand businesses can Implement strategies to Foster long-term relationships such as personalized offers excellent customer service and loyalty programs by consistently delivering a positive customer experience and addressing their evolving needs businesses can retain their existing customers and reduce churn more competitive advantages by studying consumer Behavior businesses gain a competitive Advantage they can identify unmet needs in the market develop Innovative products or services to fulfill those needs and position themselves as leaders in their industry by staying attuned to Consumer Behavior Trends businesses can outperform competitors by introducing unique features improving customer experiences or offering Superior value developing new products consumer Behavior research also AIDS in developing new products by understanding consumer preferences businesses can identify gaps in the market and create products that align with the evolving needs and desires of their target audience by listening to Consumer feedback and conducting market research companies can develop innovative solutions that cater to unmet Consumer needs gaining a Competitive Edge Dynamic nature of the market consumer Behavior research recognizes the dynamic nature of the market consumer preferences and behaviors evolve over time and businesses that stay at tuned to these changes can adapt their strategies and remain relevant in an everchanging Marketplace by continuously monitoring and analyzing consumer Behavior businesses can proactively respond to Market shifts and consumer demands ensuring their long-term sustainability factors influencing consumer Behavior now that we've understand the importance of consumer behavior let's explore the factors that influence it there are several Dimensions that shape consumer behavior let's take a closer look Psych logical factors motivation perception learning attitudes and beliefs all influence how consumers perceive and respond to marketing messages motivation is the driving force behind consumer Behavior whether it's the desire for status pleasure or security perception refers to how consumers interpret and make sense of the information they receive learning influences consumer Behavior through experiences and interactions attitudes and beliefs shape consumer preferences and decision-making processes social factors family reference groups roles and Status can significantly impact consumer Behavior people are influenced by their family members friends colleagues and other reference groups in their purchasing decisions social roles and Status also play a role as individuals may seek to conform to societal expectations or aspire to a particular social standing cultural factors culture subculture and social class influence consumers values beliefs preferences and buying habits culture encompasses the shared Norms values customs and beliefs of a particular Society while subculture refers to smaller groups within a culture that share distinct characteristics social class based on factors such as income education and occupation also plays a role in shaping consumer Behavior cultural factors shape consumer preferences perceptions of value and product choices personal factors personal characteristics such as age income occupation and lifestyle affect consumer Behavior different life stages Financial situations and individual Lifestyles can significantly impact purchasing decisions and brand preferences for example a young professional may have different preferences and purchasing power compared to a retiree economic factors economic factors have a significant influence on consumer Behavior personal income family income Consumer Credit liquid assets savings and income expectations all impact consumers purchasing power and their willingness to spend economic conditions such as inflation unemployment rates and economic stability can also affect consumer Behavior at a broader level understanding these factors helps businesses tailor their marketing strategies to specific consumer segments and create targeted campaigns that resonate with their target audience by analyzing and adapting to the different dimensions of consumer Behavior businesses can better meet consumer needs gain a competitive advantage and Achieve long-term success and that concludes our comprehensive discussion on consumer Behavior we have explored the meaning and concept the difference between customers and consumers the Behavior and the factors that influence it consumer behavior is a complex field but by studying and analyzing it businesses can gain valuable insights into their target audience improve marketing strategies and Foster long-term customer relationships thank you for joining us in this exploration of consumer Behavior we hope you found this information insightful and valuable if you have any questions or would like to add something to the discussion please leave a comment below don't forget to like this video And subscribe to our channel for more informative content until next time happy learning and understand standing consumer Behavior

  Top Comments:
  1. @mrsfareehajawad [5 likes]: Appreciative but
You have to speak slow not fast
  2. @timothyjamescarroll1113 [4 likes]: People make decisions when their influenced, how people are influenced is a good reference of a topic for conversation.
  3. @Demonicityx [1 likes]: The anime recap voice😭
  4. @theleaderstalk: 💬 Let me know if the notes helped you!
You can find them here → https://thinkeduca.com/
  5. @ShivukumarMadgi: ❤
  6. @TanveirAhmad-n8m: Any NSUer for mkt 202?
  7. @AmazingAngela-y8r: vey helpful
  8. @FitrianugrahSari: nice, easy to understand
  9. @BarbaraMarin-r1c: Really appreciate the clear explanation of how psychological and social factors intersect to shape consumer choices, especially the point about influence as a conversation starter. It highlights the ethical considerations businesses should keep in mind.
  10. @AlfaNupur: Got a lot of information. Thanks! 🤗
  11. @sunadethegreat9303: Thank you
  12. @timothyjamescarroll1113: Thank you for the insight and influence...
  13. @timothyjamescarroll1113: Innovation is also another good topic, I think it's safe to say we've experienced the innovation boom poetically, I suggest that we the people regroup now so we can assess what's been created and think of what is needed and not needed, a good reference is TiK Tok, I don't think we the people need Tik Tok in our lives, I'm sure some computer engineers are disappointed to hear me say this but I don't think we the people need it.
  14. @timothyjamescarroll1113: Our buying habits need to adapt to the approach of life that depicts us as people having a conservative perspective.
  15. @timothyjamescarroll1113: I don't like being poetically "hyped up" and or "radical" and or "left winged", I like being poetically "calm" and or "conservative" and or "left and right winged"
  16. @timothyjamescarroll1113: I will follow up by speaking of the fact it's not good to panick as a consumer, pandemics are bad, we all learned this lesson the hard way....
  17. @timothyjamescarroll1113: I will follow up by speaking of the fact that from I can see when I go to the store is that there is a stock pile of products, I don't think there is a shortage of anything at the moment...
  18. @timothyjamescarroll1113: When speaking of consumer behavior, I'll start off by reiterating the importance for all people to approach life with a conservative perspective....
  19. @mrsfareehajawad: Veryyyyyy informative
  20. @Ayazjutt2706: Can you tell me where i can find the information you tell in this video

- 15 Luxury Brands Ruined by Fast Fashion: Kind: captions Language: en think luxury is dead? You're not wrong. Once untouchable fashion houses are now being knocked off in less than 24 hours, with Tik Tok teens bragging about their $15 dupes, while the original designs barely hit the runway, the exclusivity that built billiondoll empires is evaporating faster than perfume in summer heat. Today, I'm exposing how 15 legendary luxury brands are being systematically destroyed by the relentless machine of fast fashion and why it matters even if you've never dropped four figures on a handbag. Fashion used to operate on a simple principle. Luxury meant quality, exclusivity, and heritage. But the fast fashion revolution has completely obliterated this model. What began as a democratization of style has morphed into something much more sinister. The complete devaluation of craftsmanship that took centuries to perfect. Let's start with Burberry. This British icon, known for its distinctive check pattern, faced such widespread counterfeiting that it nearly destroyed its premium positioning. In 2018, Burberry actually burned $37 million worth of unsold merchandise rather than discount it. That's how desperate they were to maintain exclusivity. Sheen and other fast fashion retailers now produce thousands of Burberry inspired items that dilute the original's value proposition. Gucci, under Aleandro Mle's maximalist vision, became both wildly popular and wildly copied. Walk through any fast fashion retailer and you'll find their distinctive floral patterns and logo aesthetics replicated at 150th the price. The ubiquity of these knockoffs has resulted in luxury fatigue among genuine consumers with Gucci's parent company Caring reporting a 20% drop in sales last year. Balenciaga, once the epitome of architectural fashion innovation, now sees its trips sneakers and oversized silhouettes copied within days. The brand's attempt to stay relevant through shocking campaigns has backfired with their provocative aesthetic being easily mimicked by fast fashion while their reputation suffers. Chanel, despite maintaining strict price controls and never discounting, faces perhaps the most insidious threat. The Chanel aesthetic, Boulay jackets, quilted bags, interlocking seas, is so heavily replicated that the original designs lose their special quality. Fast fashion brands don't even need to use the logo. Consumers recognize the Chanel inspired look immediately. Louis Vuitton has been fighting an uphill battle against counterfeits for decades, but now faces the legitimized knockoff industry. Their monogram pattern is reproduced on everything from $10 tote bags to smartphone cases, diluting one of fashion's most recognizable symbols. Their response, increasingly outlandish and unwarable runway pieces that can't be easily copied, but this alienates their traditional customer base. Prada's minimalist nylon backpacks and clean aesthetics were revolutionary in the 1990s, but now every mall brand offers identical silhouettes. The Italian house has seen its distinctive triangle logo become so ubiquitous on knockoffs that it risks becoming generic, the fashion equivalent of brand death. Hermes, despite maintaining the most exclusive production model in luxury with yearslong wait lists for their Birkin bags, still faces the inspired by problem. Websites openly advertise Birkinstyle bags and the silhouette has become so recognizable that the exclusivity feels performative rather than genuine. Dior's iconic saddle bag and new look silhouette are now standard templates for fast fashion. When Maria Gratzia reintroduced the saddle bag in 2018, copies appeared online before the originals even hit stores, completely undercutting the excitement of the revival. Versace's bold prints and Medusa logo are among the most knockedoff designs in fashion. The brand's attempt to collaborate with H&M to control the diffusion of their aesthetic backfired, essentially providing a blueprint for mass market imitation. Fendi faced such widespread copying of their baguette bag made famous by Sex in the City that they temporarily discontinued it. When they reintroduced it in 2019, the market was already saturated with lookalikes. Valentino's distinctive rock stud accessories became victims of their own success. The easily replicable pyramid studs appeared on everything from $20 flats to phone cases, making the original $800 versions seem absurdly overpriced rather than exclusive. St. Laurent's edgy rock and roll aesthetic under Haiti created a blueprint for fast fashion brands. Their distinctive silhouettes, the leather jackets, the skinny jeans, the Chelsea boots, now appear in every mall window at a fraction of the price. Bayga Venita's distinctive intrachiato woven leather technique was once impossible to replicate cheaply. Now, advanced manufacturing has made woven look synthetic alternatives ubiquitous with fast fashion versions selling for as little as $30. Seline, after Phoebe Filelo's departure, reinvented itself under Hedi Slam with a new logo and aesthetic. Fast fashion immediately followed, rendering the rebrand almost meaningless as identical designs appeared at Zara and H&M. And finally, Gioveni's graphic t-shirts and streetear inspired pieces are so heavily knocked off that the originals have lost their appeal. When an identical looking shirt costs $20 instead of $500, the luxury proposition falls apart entirely. The real tragedy isn't just for these brands. It's for the entire ecosystem of craftsmanship. Fast fashion has trained consumers to expect new styles weekly, not seasonally, at prices that make repair and longevity irrelevant. Skilled artisans are being replaced by exploitative manufacturing practices. What can be done? Some luxury houses are fighting back with blockchain authentication, limited drops, and experiences that can't be replicated. Others are doubling down on customization and personal service. But the truth is, the value proposition of luxury is fundamentally changing. If you care about fashion as art, about sustainability, or about protecting the skills that make exceptional clothing possible, this matters to you. Hit like if you've noticed these knockoffs everywhere. Subscribe to join our conversations about the future of fashion. And leave a comment telling me which luxury brand you think has been most damaged by fast fashion. Share this video with someone who needs to understand why buying that $20 dupe isn't as harmless as they

  Top Comments:
  1. @_financeflow_ [5 likes]: Which luxury brand do YOU think has been hit the hardest by fast fashion?
  2. @Libra-q4u [5 likes]: Sex and the city was made for this business! 🤫
  3. @MKYTaddict [4 likes]: I care about my wallet (the money) more than overpriced accessories.
  4. @Libra-q4u [4 likes]: Indeed ridiculous.  
CHANEL 1883-1971. 
Think about this.  Desingers are dead sinds long time.  🤦‍♀️
  5. @yellowbug5113 [2 likes]: I'm loving the designer inspired products and I proudly have a few of them in my closet.
  6. @musicinthewildwood [1 likes]: Hermès is French and is not pronounced "hair-MESS" (lolol), it's "Air-MAYS" (more or less).
  7. @colinaitken5090: The chav brands,can see them ten a penny in any crap disco
  8. @nobbyclarke9298: Most luxury brands have been exposed as now Made in China..so are worth a whole lot less as massive fraud in this sector now being uncovered….

- 'Lipstick effect' shows consumers seeking small luxuries during economic uncertainty: Kind: captions Language: en when they can't afford bi called the lipstick effec cosmetics tend to go up w in the economy. Experts s right now, and it might n way to save. San Diego's the highest in the nation people can still afford a Well, it just made me fee says buying cosmetics giv difficult times. When I w several years ago, I was and so I would either buy every 3 months or I would milk soap, and that was m was all I could afford. I psychology expert at UCSD about this so-called lips is maybe not doing that w are expensive, and yet yo in the purchase of things says. This trend of buyin treats is more common dur uncertainty. Consumers' c has dropped over the last to an annual survey done the Conference Board, if to restrain themselves or themselves in a bunch of again, you could have tha well, I can give myself t because I'm foregoing so good in so many other pla these smaller purchases a consumer morale, but like is key. The problem becom buying takes over, if all add up, because we love n we love new experiences, ourselves to look for the and commercial spaces. Ca of shopping can be addict consumers to pay attentio before costs add up or tr

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlibeTytytyu [1 likes]: Yeah❤

- From Addiction To Luxury Treatment Founder | DUSTIN KERR: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the Peak of Possibility podcast brought to you by Peak Path Health. If you're enjoying the show, please take a moment to like, comment, and subscribe. We'd love to hear your thoughts. Remember, if you or someone you care about is [music] facing challenges, don't hesitate to reach out. We're here to support you on your journey to health and wellness. [music] Uh, welcome to the show. My name is Glennice Fron. This is the Peak of Possibility podcast and tonight we are interviewing Dustin Curt who's my friend, partner in business, uh, man in recovery, has a really awesome story and, uh, we're happy you're here. Thanks for coming. >> Thank you. >> How do you feel? You excited? >> Feel Yeah, I feel excited. >> You love being on camera. >> I hate it. [laughter] Can't stand it. >> Yeah, I do know that about you. >> Don't want to be here. >> I know. I know. Well, I'm glad you're here and I'm glad you're willing to do it. It's always uncomfortable. What do you think it is is so uncomfortable about being on camera for you? >> I just don't like being in the limelight. I don't know. I I just don't I don't know what it is. >> Has it always been that way? >> Yeah, it has always been that way. Yeah. >> Flying under the radar. >> Flying under the radar. Observing. Yeah. >> Okay. >> Yeah. >> Well, uh tell us where you're from. Um, I'm from Tombball, Texas. Um, >> what part of Texas is that? >> It's like a little, it's near Houston. So, I was literally the first baby born in the Tombball Hospital. Um, there was like a population of 3,000. >> Wow. Wait, so was the hospital brand new or something? >> Brand new. >> Wow. When was the was the city like an old Texas town or what? >> Yeah. So the story about my the story my grandmother says about my name is that the hospital was Dusty. So [laughter] >> well we do call you Dusty. >> Yeah. It was supposed to be named after the pitcher Nolan Ryan who was like a famous it's like the best greatest pitcher of all time in baseball. And my middle name is Ryan. It was supposed to be Nolan Ryan but they said the hospital was so dusty that >> they named you Dusty. >> They named me Dustin. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Humble beginnings, huh? >> Yeah. Yeah. >> All right. Nice. Well, um uh how long did you live in Texas for? >> Um just a not long. Um I um my parents split up and my dad actually we moved to Seattle like um when the Kingdom was still up, the Mariner Stadium. So like when I moved there, it was like um the era of like Ken Griffy, Randy Johnson, Alex Rodriguez, like the best, you know, baseball team of all time in my opinion. >> And um >> you big baseball fan? Um, yeah. I mean, especially when I was younger. My uh Yes. So, we moved to Seattle and then I mean, I've moved around a lot. Yeah. >> When did you move to Seattle? How old were you? >> Honestly, I don't even remember. I was like pretty young. >> Baby? >> Yeah. Not a baby, but I was pretty young. Yeah. Kid. >> Yeah. Did you have any siblings? >> I did. I have um I have four now. Uh then I had two older siblings. Half >> Half siblings. We were kind of all split up. >> Nice. >> Well, same old Nice, I guess. [laughter] >> Yeah. Same same mom, all different dads. >> Okay. And um what's the story with your your mom? >> Yeah. So, my mom, I mean, she just she she dipped, you know, she took off. My mom suffered from um addiction and alcoholism my whole life. Her her whole life and my whole life. >> Wow. >> She just took off. How old were you? >> I think two. >> Two. >> Yeah. I don't really have many memories of of her when I was young. And then, you know, as I grew older, um I didn't get I didn't get to see her much, nor do I talk to her much. Um >> was that a choice or was it just >> No, it wasn't a choice. I mean, this is kind of like a sad depiction of my mom, but like when I was a kid, my mom would like get me on the phone and tell me she sent me like a birthday present >> and I'm like a little kid and I would go out on like my little Batman bike to the mailbox and like nothing would ever come, you know? >> Um, >> wow. I mean, that's that's really painful. What did that feel like as a little kid? >> I mean, I don't know. I I think as a kid I just remember feeling, you know, I felt unwanted, alone. I was always kind of a lone wolf, but um yeah, I just felt very um confused, I guess. But I didn't know how to describe it. I just >> Yeah, I felt that um I think it just started the narrative of like keep people at a distance because they're going to they're going to dip. >> They're going to leave you. >> They're going to leave. >> Can't trust other people. No. >> Yeah, that must have really like impacted your the way that you saw the world as a child and and a lot of those experiences, memories, uh belief systems from when we were a kid oftent times carry on into our adulthood. Right. >> For sure. And really, I mean, there's so much I could talk about my mom and not to get too far into it, but like the f I wouldn't say the first time I hung out with my mom, but at a young age when I would go to Texas and get some time with her. I mean, I remember at like 11 years old going to I don't remember how old I was, but like I would go to the restaurant and my mom would like bring a fake purse and like teach me how to dine and dash. Mhm. >> Like, yo, you leave the purse on the table. They think you're coming back. It's empty. >> Mhm. >> This is how we get free food, >> right? >> Um or like I'm feeling anxious and my mom would just be like, "Oh, we snort Xanax." Like, >> were you doing drugs with your mom? >> I have. Yeah, I did. Yeah. >> What was What was she addicted to? >> I mean, everything. >> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, her thing was like was like uppers, but >> And and yeah, it was uppers. >> So, you're doing substances with your mom starting at what age? >> I don't know. I don't remember the exact age. >> And what was your thinking behind that? Like, did you know that that wasn't normal? Did you think it was it was okay? Like, >> no, I idolized it because like I had this polarizing dynamic in my family where like I'm from the Bible belt, right? So there's like this part of my family that although suffers from alcoholism or directly affected by it um they did their best to instill principles and >> um you know the right right way to live into my life and I didn't want that. Right. I had this like desire to like get in trouble and like do bad things. Right. >> Because you were being raised from by your dad, right? Primarily I >> was being raised by my dad. Yeah. >> And and your dad Christian. Yeah. >> Yeah. So like very strong Bible belt Baptist >> Church of Christ actually. >> Um it's like Sunday morning, >> Sunday night you're in a suit, Wednesday night only hymns, no musical instruments. Very like >> very strict, >> very rigid. >> And did you connect to that like that sense of religion when you were young or did you >> did I connect with it? Uh no. >> No. I I saw it as a laborious >> It was like it was like Yeah. I was like, I have to do this because this is what we're doing. But um I hadn't had an experience yet, right, with with all that. >> So >> with God, >> I guess we're bouncing around a little bit, but hey, it is what it is. So at that age, you are being raised in this like very structured Christian home, right? >> what is your interpretation of like spirituality and God as a result of that? Um, >> is it punishing? >> No, you might think it was and maybe a little, but I wasn't like terrified that I was going to be struck down. I just think that um I it fostered um a belief in God that what didn't work for me, I guess, is the best way to put it. Mhm. And so when you would go to visit your mom in Texas, was your family like sending you there to visit her and >> No, I would go visit my grandmother and my mom would like hear from my older brother that I was like in town and then she would attempt to visit me. She wouldn't always show up. >> But um >> but when she did, what did that feel like when the times that she did? >> I mean, it was like I wanted to be around my mom my whole life. So it was like, oh my god, I can take out my mom, you know? And my mom's was fun. Mom was awesome. Yeah. >> Hilarious, fun person to be with. So, we would do fun things, right? We would dine in Dash, right? We would like we would just um we would do whatever, right? We was It felt like I felt like I was hanging out with like a friend. >> That that um that knew me, right? >> You know, >> right. So, um so as you go on, right, and you're continuing to grow up, you're like 11 or 12 years old. Is that when when addiction and substances start to be part of the mix? And is it does it start with these experiences with your mom? >> I mean, I think addiction started before, you know, way before that because I remember as a kid, um, I stole my dad's cigarettes. >> He smoked Parliament lights. >> Everybody starts with Parliament Lights. >> I I was like that kid that smoked cigarettes. >> And I remember I got caught in school with like a carton. a carton >> in the principal's office. >> Did your dad freeze him? >> Hold on. So, no, he didn't freeze him, but I remember breaking down into tears in the principal's office and I was like, I just don't want my dad to die. >> it was just like the manipulation started young. >> You made up a whole story. >> Made up a whole story. >> But really, I'm smoking cigarettes and like spraying cologne and like >> And what do you think like was that like what do you think drove you to know like, oh, I just need to make up a story and turn on the tears? >> No idea. But I was the puppet master at a young age. Like I'm gonna be 10 steps ahead of you to control the narrative. And that gave me some sort of safety and comfort that I get. If I'm controlling the narrative, then you won't figure out what's really going on. >> Because I was in fear that like a bunch of spiders or like a monster was going to come out if I was like the real me, >> So I had to I had to be 10 steps ahead of you. Did you have experiences or people in your life who were behaving outside of your mom in that same way that kind of like taught you some of these like tools and skills that you that you were using to manipulate or was it just like inherently something inside of you? >> I don't know. That's a that's a great question. Something happened and it you know it triggered >> the skill set that I developed or six sense. Mhm. >> Some people say that's like trauma. People have developed like that six sense of like read being able to read people and play that chameleon really well. I don't know what it is, you know, something happened. But like to to add to kind of what I was talking about is like I at a young age I would like spin around in my chair till I got dizzy. I would esphixiate myself until I started to like pass out. I would huff white out. I would change my clothes 10 times a day to feel something, feel different, to get out of self. And I did that like before like I think I even had like a sense of self. Like I really just wasn't okay. >> You didn't know who you were. >> Well, not only that, I just I just wasn't okay in my skin. So, whatever I can do to get out of my skin, like I'm going to do that, >> right? Right. Yeah. Um, so do you think that when did the progression of your your like drinking and using start? >> Um, [clears throat] I mean it really started like when I was in high school. I um I went to like a high school party like we all did and um so I was a big football guy. I played like a lot of football. >> Is this in Seattle? >> No, this was in Arizona actually. >> Okay. So you end up in >> Went to high school in Arizona. We like moved to Scottsdale before it was Scottdale. It was like a bunch of dirt. Um >> Dusty. >> Dusty. Yes. And I so I ended up going to high school in um Glendale, Arizona, which is like north of Phoenix. It was like a big school. I played football and um I was pretty good at it. And I remember I went to a party and I always like to say this about like what alcohol did for me. It was like my whole life I felt like like a guitar out of tune. And as soon as I took that drink, I harmonized me and I felt like ride as rain. I felt okay. And I blacked out. M >> I blacked out the first time I drank. >> And that's what feeling okay is for you is blacking out. >> Yeah. And I loved the attention I got at the party. Just like everything was like what I was looking for. >> And from that point on, nothing was important to me anymore. >> I didn't want to go to school. I didn't want to play football >> right away. >> Right away. Um and I idolized everything that had to do with drugs, alcohol, selling drugs, right? all all of that became pedestalized. >> Um, and I'm the type of alcoholic that it takes a catastrophic event for me to stop. It's either I'm getting locked up, I'm intervened on, kicked out of somewhere, I crash a car. It's always something. There was never something. There was never anything hindering me stopping. So, >> there was like no self motivation to change. Within a short amount of time after I took that first drink, I was going to Mexico and buying Somas over the border >> in theies. >> Yeah. Somas like in my era were like these muscle relaxers. I don't know if you remember that. >> I remember sas. Yeah. >> They were the best. And and we would go over the border, me and my friends. I was like hanging out with like these older kids and we would go over the border and buy like 10,000 Somas for like $3. I mean, I don't know the the exact exchange, but it was cheap. And you could just drive back over the border, right? And um so I started taking those and um I was like selling them and giving them to kids on the team and one of the kids like passed out on the field >> during practice >> and he snitched on me. Told the coach. >> Um >> what did that feel like when he told on you? >> I mean I I was pissed. But like I I had to stand in front of the team and admit that I had a problem with drugs and alcohol because of what the coach told me he told me to. And I had to step down as the captain. I was the captain of the football team. >> Was that humiliating? >> I mean, yeah, it was humiliating. And I didn't know how to take accountability for my actions at this point in my life. >> You didn't believe it. But you were being >> Of course not. I played victim. I blamed the snitch. I blamed my family. I blamed the coach. I blamed the team. Um, anybody but myself. >> Was there any uh thoughts in like with this experience, you're forced to stand in front of the football team, say you're an alcoholic, step down. Was like a lot of your ego just kind of like stripped. Was there shame and embarrassment associated with this? or was it like, "Oh, well, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] them. I can just kind of continue to do what I want to do and and I just don't need to be around these people." Like, what what was your thinking? I think it just continued to fuel the narrative of like, I'm not wanted anywhere >> and I'm going to screw things up. >> Same thing. >> And there's something wrong with me because I can't do anything right. >> Right. >> Right. So like the same experiences you'd had since you were just a young child with your mom, right? These are continuing to be like a pattern in your life and you see them as being the same. >> Yeah. And I also suffered from like grandiosity. So it's like I was like, "Oh, I'm the best player on the team. Like they're going to bench me. Like they should just like let it let it slide." Like I would get into those, you know, narratives, too. >> Yeah. Like they they won't survive without me. They're >> Yeah. That kind of stuff. Yeah. >> Yeah. So um so what happens next? Um, I mean what happens next is I stopped going to school. I barely would show up to school. I was getting really bad grades. Um, I was hanging out with a lot of older kids. I was partying every day. I wasn't coming home. Um, >> what does your dad say about all of this? >> God bless my dad. My dad was the type of dad that would drive at two in the morning in his truck screaming my name looking for me, >> kicking doors down like trying to >> Yeah. Trying to find me. What a what a you know devastating kind of picture to think about like a parent searching for their kid like not knowing where they are. >> Yeah. Again, God bless my dad. He he was he My dad has kicked trap house doors down. >> Did he find you? >> Yeah, there a few times. >> What happened when he found you? >> I mean, my dad's a 6'4, 250 lb bear, so and he's very stern, so I mean, he would just grab me. >> Yeah. you know. >> Um it's hard to it's hard to say no to him, [laughter] you know. >> For sure. For sure. >> So So you >> So So to answer your question, so after things progressively get worse. Um I'm a kid that got I kidnapped, right? I had >> goon. >> Yeah, they call it goon, which has a new term today's world. So >> what is it called now? Oh, I Oh, I didn't know that. [laughter] >> Yeah, >> now I'm thinking about it. Yeah. Well, so >> so yeah, they did call it gooning. So, so what it was is like >> two large men came into my room and the way my parents like >> they were like, "Hey, I had a stepmom at the time. I still do, but so they they asked me like, "Hey, can you come home and like have dinner with us? We're going to have like a nice family dinner." >> Did were your spider spidey senses? >> Well, I was shrooming. >> You were on mushrooms. >> I was on mushrooms for like a week at this point. >> That's crazy. >> I I had bought all these mushrooms and I was like eating I was just eating them like Skittles. >> And I remember I was like cool. Yeah. So I came home and I'm just like shrooming in the bedroom and these two huge like cornfed white dudes came in the room >> and I was tripping so much they were selling the house at that point. I thought that they were just showing the house. That was like my first thought. I'm like oh they're just like showing I was like what's up guys? >> And I remember my stepmom was like I don't remember their names. was like Wyatt and Austin or something like this is Wyatt and this is Austin and they're going to take you to a better place and I was like no they're not and I remember like trying to fight them but I mean I was like a little kid so >> how old were you? >> 16 when I was a teenager. Yeah. >> And these two big dudes you're on mushrooms they come to pick you up at your house and they're like you're coming with us. >> Yeah. And they like >> So this is like some Paris Hilton type >> Yeah. So they like zip tied me. >> They zip tied you. >> Yeah. They like zip tied me to the to the um I was like fighting them, >> So I had the I was like zip tied to the the Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] handle or whatever. >> The oshit handle. Um, and they took me to Utah. And like I always I try to talk about this a little because there's so much stuff about um in the media about these places and like no, I don't condone that happening. But like the reality is is like I was doing a lot of things that I shouldn't have been doing. I was getting involved in a lot of things I shouldn't have been involved in. And like my parents wanted to help me and they were sold the service they thought would help me. So they hired these people to to try to help me. And I believe that if I wasn't taking those actions, I wouldn't have attracted that. So I believe that like, you know, again, I don't like I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it to somebody, but like they were doing their what they the best thing that they could at that time. >> Yeah. It's this tough love ideology like, oh, they're going to send my kid to boot camp and whip whip them into shape, right? That was like the belief behind it, right? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> And like your your stepmom and your dad weren't equipped with the tools to handle what was happening with you. >> Right. They had no experiences. And there's alcoholism in your family. Like had anybody recovered or gotten sober? >> No. Um, no. I mean, my family largely suffers from like binge drinking. So, it's like this. Oh, they're not real alcoholics because they can get up in the morning and get it together. >> that kind of deal. >> Got it. And so you have these two dudes from you don't even know where they're from show up, zip tie you, and bring you to a treatment center in Utah. Does this again reaffirm this belief that you're not wanted? >> Oh, of course. And like listen, I get to these I get to I went to a couple of these places. Um, >> were any of them helpful? Were they good programs? Like what was your experience there being? >> They might have been good if I was like ready to to listen. >> Were they traumatic though? Was it? Cuz you hear horror stories about some of these wilderness programs. >> I mean, listen, one of the programs I was in that, you know, I don't want to get too into the weeds, but like one of them they would try to fight me. >> They were loaded on the job. >> Big Samoan dudes like taking people in a back room and like slapping them around. Yeah. That kind of stuff was happening. >> Wow. Um, and you got to remember I'm there with a bunch of kids like me, so there's fights. Yeah. >> 247. >> Well, so they're creating an environment that's not nurturing and healthy and feels safe. And I'd imagine that you, as well as most of those kids have some stuff that they've dealt with throughout their life that's causing them to kind of act out in the way that they're acting out. For sure. >> And then they're in a new environment where again, they don't feel safe and it probably wasn't a a helpful uh tool to to most of these kids. It was probably traumatizing. Do you talk to any of those kids? >> You know, actually I I have a couple on Instagram that I've not really stayed in touch with, but like sometimes I'll like, you know, see what they're up to. And >> do you know how any of them are doing? >> Um I think some of them died, some of them continued their path um of destruction, you know, whatever you want to call it. A couple of them seem like they're doing okay. Um, I don't know too much. You know, I see a couple of them on on Instagram, but um, >> yeah. So, like I didn't there wasn't any like solution there. Um, >> it was like behavior modifications. >> I mean, just think about it. Think about it. It's like 60 kids in a lockdown. >> Just like me, >> That just want to get in trouble and start fights and prove something. >> Um, so what did I learn there? I learned about the things I was missing out on. And the things that I was missing out on was like oxycottton and home invasions. like this is the type of stuff that I was learning there. and so I spent through my 18th birthday, I spent a total of like 18 months in these places and and and I ended up going to like wilderness. Um, well, that's me backtracking. I ended up at this ranch that I ran from. I put together like a team like a guy could steal a car, another guy, like it was like four of us. Like >> we ended up like committing some felonies and they called me the ring leader and they wanted >> How old were you? >> 17. They wanted to charge me as an adult. >> And they wanted to put me in adult prison in Utah. >> Were you the ring leader? >> I mean I guess >> you were the You [laughter] said you put the team together. >> So they called you the ring leader. >> Yeah. They called me the ring leader. Um >> you were the ring leader. >> Yeah. So I ended up I was like in a juvenile spot out there and um they ended up this was like after I went to wilderness. So they so I ran from the place. I got arrested. They put me in wilderness. I went back to court and I thought I was going home and they're like no we're going to charge you as an adult. So I sat in this like juvie for a while and then they sentenced me to like Utah has so many different like I don't even know how to describe it. They have like levels of care for youth. Mhm. >> So, I got sentenced to what's called like a level 15 like lock down. >> Um, where there's literally alarms on the doors, you can't leave. It was like this huge >> old LDS building for like I don't even know know what you would call it, but it was like like 12 stories. >> What was it called? It's called like something kingdom. I I forget what their like church is called. >> Yeah. It's not It wasn't It wasn't anything to do with LDS. It was just like an old LDS building. >> Yeah. But there was like 12 stories and like all these rooms and there was like hundred kids in there, >> Lots of staff and um it was gnarly. >> And like we were all trying to get loaded in there. I was drinking Nyquil. I mean, drinking hand sanitizer. I mean, you name it. We were doing whatever we could. >> There was kids from New York and like gang banger. Like it was a whole thing. When I got to this place and I was there for like a year >> past my 18th birthday >> because that >> Well, you were charged as an adult. I was I was um like sentenced. so again I it continued to feel that narrative of unwanted and um I belong in places like this cuz this is like starting my like treatment recovery, you know, in and out journey. >> and you're essentially like at this point institutionalized, right? Yeah. >> It's like a part of how you operate. It's what you understand. Okay. Like this is how we have to live. And I mean, I had very similar experiences too as a kid where I was locked up and and it just became what it is. People are like, "Oh, that must have been really hard." It was, but then once you kind of get into a place, especially as a kid, kids are pretty adaptable. >> Do you know what I mean? Once you like get into this place where like this is what we're doing, this is where we're at, acceptance like just becomes a part of life, right? Um, so yeah, I um I came home and I bounced like within a week. >> And you're 18 now, so dad, stepmom, grandma, nobody has any say of kind of what you do and where you go. >> Correct. >> Do you think that that was for the worse or the better? >> Which part? >> Just now you're on your own. you can do what you want. Do you think like that the structure and the accountability that they were offering you was helpful or harmful before turning 18? >> I mean, I feel like if I say harmful, I'm playing victim. So, it's like I'm here now for the grace of God. There go I. So, everything that happened helped me get to the point that I'm at now and I'm happy with where I'm at. So, it's like um and it's also all those like things that I was taught that one day clicked, right? That like experiential wisdom like I did something or had an experience and I'm like, "Oh, yeah, that stuff that I was taught when I was younger, it makes sense now. >> I see it from a different perspective, >> right?" >> And I think that like the the every day that I grow like in sobriety, my childhood looks different. >> Like it doesn't look the same that it used to. your perspective on what your childhood was has shifted drastically. >> Correct. Like if you asked me that question when I was 18, the answer would be much different. >> Right. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my if you ask me again in 10 years, it would be even more different than now. So it's like I I want to lean towards like helpful because I think that all the stuff that they did helped me grow into the man I am today. >> And also you have this insight now, right? Which is that they were terrified and they were trying to help you. They just didn't know how. Exactly. They did the best with what they they had and were equipped with. >> I know. And I I think sometimes people hear that, right? Oh, they were doing the best they can and they kind of like scoff at it, right? But truly, I think most human beings are doing the best they can. And sometimes the best that we can is not is not enough. But nonetheless, it's the best that >> it's both. It's like I am doing my best and I can do better. >> Yeah. It's not it's not like a absolute >> 100% agree. Yeah. Um, so you're 18. You're off on your own. You're doing whatever the hell you want. Where do you go? >> Um, I had a friend, you had an apartment, I moved in. >> Friend had a friend, had an apartment. >> Yeah. It I went off the rails. >> What does off the rails look like? I mean, what do they call what's the medical term? Poly substance abuser. Like, I just literally [laughter] was doing like my drug of choice was more. >> What do you have? like I I I was doing all of it. I was committing crimes. Um I definitely started like my arrest journey. >> Well, all that exploration you did as a juvenile in these facilities, all this uh this uh exploration is finally paying off right now. You can put your skills into action. >> So, so yeah, I mean I I I started doing drugs, hard drugs. Um, that progressed pretty quickly. I mean, I was I was doing like daily heroin um at 19. I remember the first time I smoked heroin, it was on an ASU campus. >> I had a friend going to ASU, >> big party school. This guy was in ASU. He was just addicted to heroin. And I remember smoking heroin with him. And I like went to a party and I remember just vomiting profusely >> at the party and I loved it. All my friends were like, "What are you?" And I like told my friends that were like kind of not like that. Yeah. And I'm like, "I smoked heroin." And they're like, "What?" >> And I'm like, "Yeah, I smoked heroin." And and like I kept puking and they're like, "Are you sick?" I'm like, "No, I feel great." Like, >> yeah. >> And um Yeah. I feel >> Why is that? Why is it that opiate addicts, they do something like opiates, they puke their brains out. They're scratching their body off and and they want to do it again. Like, what is that? >> I don't know is behind that. That is a that's a crazy way to react to a substance that makes you like violently ill to want to do more of it. >> I loved it. >> What did it do for you? >> Everything. It literally did everything. It just like wiped away all all my all my problems. All the fears, the anxieties. >> yeah, just like everything just was like a warm blanket, >> you know? similar to your experience when you first started drinking? >> Way better. So that happened and and I mean I remember going into psychosis like pretty quickly from doing speedballs. >> And what does that look like? What is psychosis? What does that experience feel like? >> Oh, listen. I'm the I'm I'm pretty like ADHD like hyperfocused by nature. Like I lock in. I mean, you know this about me. >> So when I would do these types of drugs, I would become the most paranoid person you've ever met. Like >> yeah, >> I mean I'm talking like kitchen knife >> sweating a little paranoid. >> No, like in the peepphole. Like I nobody can be around. I literally I got in a fist fight with a dude one time because he told me to get out of the peepphole and I was like this is what I want to do. I'm trying to hang out right here in the peepphole and like leave me alone. Like this is what I I have fun doing this. Like leave me alone. Like literally just getting aggro with this dude like fighting him. >> Like that's me. That's that's where it goes. tripping everybody out, killing them. >> No, no, listen. Tripping, everybody leaves. Like, I'm like, "Yo, I just want to be alone. Let me trip alone. Like, this is what I want to do." >> Right. Right. >> It's not cool for me. Never was. There was never a time where it was cool. Like, I I entered that space quickly. My story is like has a lot of meth in it. >> Um, and when I I mean, I would shoot up meth. I would like shoot up in my neck, like get crazy with it. And I I would immediately go to the peepphole or the blinds and just get stuck. And I I I would I would do that for days. Like I think I have neck and back problems because of the positions that I would put myself in. Like looking out of windows convinced that the SWAT team was like about to kick my door down. Like I um and I'm talking days like up for days. Like I would put a cigarette in my mouth, not light it, and then like 24 hours later I would look down and the cigarette would be like yellow and like mangled cuz I would be like chewing on it. Never smoke the cigarette. Um just looking out windows or like taking a pause to like do a shot and like come back and look out the windows. >> Um and I remember like and I would always like be in my underwear just like sweating profusely like um I've called the cops before. This is crazy. Oh, I've done that, too. [laughter] >> I called the cop. No, cuz I thought that this truck was like coming like I was videoing this >> I was videoing nothing, but I thought that this truck was like like >> rolling up on you, >> surveying my property, >> And I called the cops to tell them that. And the cop pulled up and like I'm in the middle of looking out the window when the cop came. >> It didn't help the psychosis, I imagine. >> And I come out and and it's night time and he's got like a light on me and I'm in my underwear. I was going to say wearing clothes >> pupils are huge, tongue is white. >> Why is that? Wait, hold on. Why is it specifically with men? Some women, but men, they do uh uppers, meth or cocaine, and they get naked. Is it cuz we're you're hot and then there's a lot of sweating breathing. >> Meth uppers. Meth. It heats up your I actually I used to get on these Reddit forums, too. >> And I'd be on like page 730. No. What was it called? What was that like drug form that you could find? It doesn't >> I know what you're talking about, but I didn't I never really >> That's how I learned how to shoot up in my neck on >> Ebomb's World. No, >> that was that was like >> that was like reviews or something. >> No, Ebomb's World was the one that had uh like all those funny uh like skits. They were like cartoon skits, but no, there was some form. There was a specific form back in the day where you would like uh I mean I didn't know how to shoot up in my neck and I remember all of my veins were so shot out like I needed to figure it out and and by this time I'm like so isolated and you know my drug addiction that like I don't have any friends around to help me out and I remember reading those forms for hours and figuring it out and learning how to do it when I was like 18. I've learned a lot on those forums, but I remember I read that you get paranoid because your organs heat up and naturally when you get like frightened, your organs naturally heat up. So like doing uppers heats them up >> and it like triggers I don't know, but it sounded good. >> Like page 730 of the forum, I'm like reading about this, right? >> Anyway, so like I I tell the cop that this guy's like serving my house and he just looks at me. I don't know why that guy didn't arrest me, but he was like, "Hey, bro, like you should probably just go back in your house. like your white your tongue is like white it's chalky you don't look good like you probably need to go get some sleep like he was nice >> um >> and um I had been up for like I don't know I would go on these like 9 10 day >> That's crazy >> yes >> cuz that's when the psychosis >> hallucinations yeah all all sorts of >> crazy there I don't have that phone anymore but I had so many videos of nothing >> oh my god >> where I would like video something that wasn't there because I was convinced that something was there >> what was the worst experience that you had in psy psychosis. story time with Dustin again. I was on a for I was coming down and I was at at this stage of my addiction like I would I wouldn't I would try to get Xanax, right, to come off of it like >> come down. I would pay $1,000 for Xanax. Like I'd be like, "Yo, I'll give you $200 to give me one Xanax. Like, I need it right now. Like, I can't come down." And I couldn't find anything. And I remember going on Reddit like, "How do I come down?" I was like reading about it. And somebody said to chug a gallon of milk. [laughter] >> They were like, "Chug a gallon of milk like you'll be straight." And I drank a whole gallon of milk. And I just started profusely vomiting like in this psychosis. I was up for days. >> Did it work? Did it help you? >> No. I got trolled. Then I remember I went down and someone else was like, "I wonder how many people he got to drink a gallon of milk." >> Oh my god. >> Yeah. Yeah. That was that was pretty funny. >> So things are getting pretty intense for you. You're in psychosis. You're shooting drugs. Are you completely isolated from your family? Are you >> Yeah. Yeah. And I'll I'll I'll tell another one really quick. Like there was a point where I was like on the run from the cops. So yeah, I'm on the run from the cops. Um, my dad was like begging me to come home so that I would go to court, right? >> And this was like during a crack era and I was the type I was the type of crackhead that would I mean it would only last like a week when I would do crack because it was just so m like I couldn't it wouldn't last. >> The same with me. I would go buy like an ounce of crack and I would literally come home and take half of it and throw it around the house because I knew that I was gonna go search for it and I wanted to make sure that I found some. The problem with that is that I never knew if I found it all. >> So I I just always thought that there was some left. >> There was more. >> So So anyways, I'm in this crack era. My dad convinces me to come home. I'm smoking crack. I come home and he's like, "All right, we're going to go at 7:30. like meet me in the living room smoking crack all night like under the bed like weird weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> probably no clothes on again. >> No. Yeah. Yeah. Butt naked. It's like 6:00 a.m. and I'm like, "All right, I need to like get ready, >> And I have no clothes. Like I don't have a suit. I don't have anything to wear to court. And um I hear my dad in the shower and I go in his closet and I grab a suit. >> Again, my dad's 6'4, 250. I'm like 130 crackhead skinny. >> Mhm. And I put this suit on and I slicked my hair back and I came out in the living room and I was like, "Dad, how do I look?" And he's like, "You look like a crackhead in a suit." [laughter] And I got arrested that day. >> Yeah. He took me to jail. Yeah. >> Did you show up in that suit? >> Yes. >> It was [laughter] one It would get to a point where my dad would just be like, "Dude, he would just like, >> all right, let's run it." >> Yeah. Shake his head in disgust. >> Yeah. I mean, what do you do? How do you dress a crackhead up to look less like a crackhead? Like when you're in it, you're like face is smoked out. You're like all like bones and skin. It's just like there's nothing that can be done. >> No, I would like I would go to court. There was I've been a you know I've been in and out of courtrooms uh for the last 15 years or whatever. But I I I would pick my face and then an hour before court I would like start putting on makeup and I'd go to the courthouse. I look like I came out of the morg. like peanut butter would all over my face like and I because it was so picked and um yeah I look terrible. I always thought I would like I look good. I got all this makeup on. Like I look terrible. >> Yeah. Okay. So years and years you're going in and out of jails institutions. You're you're drinking, you're smoking, you're shooting, you're doing all kinds of crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] psychosis, crackheads and suits. And so when does like your attempts at sobriety start? I mean, attempts trying to define that like I I don't know. I went to uh I went to a pretty good treatment center in my early 20s and I went to I ended up going to that treatment center like 10 times and and there was a guy there um named Harry Schneider that has actually since passed and um he was like pretty um he's pretty important to me and like he had a a big impact on me. But like I would I would do that thing where I would go to treatment. I would get out. I would put all the things in in front of, you know, my recovery and and ultimately I would I would drink again and kind of wonder why and it built up all this like, you know, hope in my family or my loved ones and and kind of just tear it all down. And I mean I I did that vicious cycle. Um >> I mean I went to treatment 40 times, right? Literally 40. And um it was just like, you know, two two or three times a year I would end up in a treatment center um and just kind of do the same thing over and over. I could never really put together more than 60 or 90 days. And >> were all of your experiences in treatment positive or were there any that were just really not good places? >> Um I Yeah, I mean I think you can find the good in anything. Um and I never really was looking for the good. I was always looking for the bad to build my case. >> Yeah. But some places are bad. Sure. Sure. And yes, I I have been in some some not great places. Um I've been in some great places and I've been kicked out of great places and um >> I really would go to these places and just wasn't ready to like put my guns down as I like to say. It's like I always had my guns drawn >> um and would find the fault in you so that I could I could >> you know justify my exit or whatever it was or or justify the thought that I was, you know, ultimately going to drink again or use again, >> right? Do you think um do you think treatment is a necessary part of getting sober? >> Necessary? No. No, I don't think it's necessary. I think there are maybe things that treatment centers provide >> that are necessary to some, not all, but no, I don't I don't think it's necessary. And >> what do you think about I mean, we're starting a treatment center together, >> What was your goal in in wanting to start this this program? Well, it's to draw from my experience mainly of somebody that again went through 40 treatment centers and um seen the good, seeing the bad and wanting to kind of create um a space where we can offer um like a bridge to to recovery and um do it the right way and um have a good name and and be able to treat and help a lot of people and and provide good treatment. And I hate that good treatment is a term M >> cuz everybody should be awarded good treatment, but that's not the case, >> right? Um and my goal is to to have as much good treatment as we can provide to as many people as possible. >> You think the um I mean the statistics for uh outcomes success successful outcomes in treatment are are pretty low, right? Why do you think that is? Well, there's there's so many questions that that come with just that statistic right there. It's like what did they do after, right? Um are they on medication? Um what's their family support look like? >> Um cuz remember like if I only speak Chinese and I go to school for a month to learn French and I come home and my family speaking Chinese, I'm going to forget the French, >> right? So there's so much that goes into the afterare or after the after treatment support. Um and then just you know I so I would say that like >> it's it's a the question requires more questions >> right surrounding like what is all going into that statistic >> um because I would imagine if you looked at you got granular with it and looked at all the statistics of like the afterare the family support you know what where they live did they go back to their to to the state that they were from did they stay local right because it's like if you unplug a fridge right what happens the food goes bad Like for me, I've went to treatment out of state or I've tried to get sober and then I've like moved and like I it never has worked for me >> because like I thought that I could recreate a support system that I had and it's like not that it's not easy. It's actually much it's actually very difficult. >> Um so it's really important to to to foster that support network and stay close to that support network >> community. Yeah. >> So um where is your mom through all of I mean, virtually non-existent. I mean, I would talk to my mom maybe once a year. Um, there were lofty conversations. >> I actually, um, speeding up a little bit into my story, I got to kind of reconnect with her. Uh, >> precoid, >> um, I actually flew out to Texas to kick heroin. >> Um, my mom lived in a trailer in in Brian, Texas, and I I flew out there. >> Great place to kick heroin. >> Oh, yeah. So I I flew out there specifically to to kick on her couch. Um and I got to hang out with her for like two weeks and um I don't know. I was like drinking whiskey trying to come off it. I had like a couple Suboxone and I wasn't sleeping and we were watching like the Price is Right. And you know I I I got to hang I got to see a couple things, right? I got to see my mom for my mom. I got to see what an alcoholic life leads you to. My mom had nothing. Nobody. Um, she lived a sad existence, sad to say. Um, but I did >> very lonely, but I did get to connect with her. >> Um, and it and it it's weird because like my mom is my blood and even though I didn't spend time with her my whole life, it's almost like she she knew everything about me and I knew everything about her. So, we had a cool connection. >> You two were the same. >> Very much so. >> Yeah. all of these experiences, the alcoholism, the addiction, the harms caused, the damage that's been done all throughout your life. Your mom, I mean, you were one of the victims of her damage, right? And now, so there's a lot of correlations in how similar you were, and I'd imagine, correct me if my I'm wrong, >> um, >> all this resentment towards her. Was there any like recognition where it kind of came full circle like, oh, she is me? Yeah, 100%. Kind of like after the fact, but I did, you know, I did enjoy that time I got with her. And um >> you know, right after that is kind of when I I I got locked up. But um and my mom was like one of the only people that was um you know, putting money in my books and talking to me in there and um writing me letters and um she wasn't the only one, but but >> one of the few, >> one of the very few and um I talked to her a lot and I felt like I could call her and talk about anything. be honest, >> she was a huge support um for me during that time that I was in there and um she um >> I don't know if we want to get into all that yet, but we can. >> So, >> let's do it. >> Yeah. So, I ultimately got arrested and in um 2020 and ended up in um Maine Jail in Orange County and then getting moved over to the Lacy, which is just like a bigger jail. and I spent some time there and then I ended up in Riverside County and spent some time there and then I ended up in Banning which is like a big huge like it used to be like a P camp. It's at like the base of ID Wild and um >> cold up there. >> Yeah, cold. Um, I spent some a good amount of time there and I was fighting this case and supposed to go upstate for quite a while and co was weird. Like they were assigning prison numbers and then reversing sentences >> um and giving people deals. Um, and I I wasn't >> I didn't qualify to get like a kick. >> Um, so I spent my time in there and um, >> I was fully expecting to go stay for a long time and I was kind of getting involved in everything that goes on in there and um, realizing that I needed to survive. When you say involved in everything that goes on in there, are you talking about like uh the prison mentality? >> Yeah. Politics. >> Yeah. Cuz I I >> gang gang [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> I wasn't willing to to like PC up, >> Explain what PCU up is for those that don't know. >> Yeah. It's just like protective custody. It's it's um >> you have a choice. You either subscribe to kind of like the culture that you're in. Yeah. >> Or you you go into protective custody, which is not ideal when you're in that. >> Yeah. You don't really want to be in there. It's like a bunch of chomos and pedos and and people with weird crimes and stuff that I don't really want to associate with. So, >> and people just assume that if you're in there that that's what you do, >> right? So, I got involved in some of that stuff. I I I learned how to make pruno. I got really good at it. You can make pruno with anything. You can do it with ketchup. Yep. >> Right. Anything that has sugar in it. So, um I got good at that and um was drinking regularly and >> people bring stuff in there. It's crazy um how much stuff comes in >> when you're locked up. Yeah. So, I um got really good at playing peanuckle and [laughter] I I I I hustled ways to to get heroin and I was doing heroin in there and the last time I got loaded, I was literally snorting heroin with my cellmade in my underwear and um as you should. >> And um I like that warm feeling came over me and I just like looked this dude had like 666 tatted across his face and he had like a clown stripe and his his nickname was like poker. I don't know. This dude was crazy. He was from Hemet. >> Do you know anything about Hemet? >> I mean, I've been there. I know where it is. >> It's not chill. Yeah. >> It's like Hills Have Eyes type. >> And this dude was out of his mind. And And I remember just like that feeling came. I just looked at this dude and I was just like, "Dude, I am nothing but a home like homeless 140 lb drug addict and I'm going to die in prison with a drug habit." >> And it was that >> it was Yeah. It was that like >> ex was like that surrender right there where I just gave up. M >> and um I felt like I deserved prison for the rest of my life. I felt like I deserved to have no family. Like I I I was really in that head space, >> And like I really didn't stop because I cared about myself. I really just was like I don't want to have a habit in prison >> so let me stop. And so I stopped. I stopped. >> It wasn't always sustainable in prison because sometimes >> and I don't even want to take credit for it, right? Like God stopped me >> because I stopped making pruno. I stopped doing heroin. I I just stopped. And um Christmas 2020 um I almost got in a fight with a guard. He was like checking me on something and I remember um >> like on Christmas day. >> On Christmas day. >> On Christmas Day. And your thought is, "Oh, this guy's disrespected me." And so I need to stand up for myself and fight. >> And mind you, >> correctional officer. >> And mind you, my day is Halloween. >> So Halloween 2020 was my first day, no using, no drinking. And then Christmas day, this happens. And >> two months sober. >> Two months sober. And I almost get ended with this guard. And people were egging me on like, "We got your back." And um >> I don't know. I sat down. Something came over me. and I sat down. I didn't care what people thought. And um they hit the pad right after that. And what that means is like they come in the unit and they kick it take everybody's stuff and they took all our extra pillows and mattresses and they throw your pictures on the ground and they they stomp on them and they really don't care about your stuff. They take all your food. Like it's not chill. And I remember I'm outside at the gate. I'm in my underwear cuz they when they hit >> in the underwear again. >> In the underwear again. And I'm standing next to this dude who actually he passed. He he overdosed when he got out. He was like my he was like my name was Austin. Um, I love that dude. And I'm standing next to him and I looked at him and I was like, "Dude, I don't belong in here. I'm going to change my life." Like that kind of thing. And um I uh at that point I was fighting like a nine-year prison sentence. >> Had you ever thought that before? I don't belong here. I'm going to change my life. Like genuinely had that. >> Yeah, for sure. But they were like lofty. >> What was different about this time? >> Uh I'll get let me get into that. Uh because I think that that question's been asked a lot and I think I I know the answer. Um, I used to not feel like I did. And it's cuz it's such it's like a million dollar question. >> I get on my knees and I pray >> that night and I didn't care who saw and I basically didn't say like get me out of this. It was like take the take the wheel. I I don't I don't this my literally like anybody could have ran my life better than me. So, like I was just like let run my life. >> Jesus take the wheel. >> Yeah. Essentially. [laughter] And um a week later I got offered a deal and the deal was a nine-year joint suspension. And a joint suspension means that if I breathe wrong I'm doing every day of that nine years. and um I had to take a strike and you know all that in California if you get three you're doing life and like >> um I had to think about the deal cuz like I had to go to this long-term program and if I left the program I was I was violating and I had to think about it cuz I messed up every every time in my life. So >> are you setting your Yeah. Are you setting yourself up for failure? >> Exactly. And everybody in there's like no don't take it. Everybody comes back like you're going to screw it up and like >> and they're right >> take the time >> a lot of the time. And I was like, I'm toying with like, do I want to just go do like five and come home and do whatever I want or do I want to like take this risk? And ultimately, I knew I wanted to change. And I I was willing to not jaywalk. And like I knew that if I just played by the rules and buttoned up and and and did what everybody else told me to do, I'd probably be all right. So, um I took the deal. My mom made like a thousand phone calls and and um found a program um on the west side um called The Last House. And I yeah, like I went there and um I don't know. I was just like willing to do whatever they told me to do. I was like getting on my hands and knees doing my chore. Like I was willing to paint the house. Like I didn't care like whatever you I just didn't want to go back to where what I was doing. And um I uh I did whatever they told me to do and uh um I don't know. I my life has just continuously got better. And I think the answer to your question is like I stopped saying yes to me and started saying yes to others. I started to deny myself. And when I started saying yes to others and not questioning it, like if somebody would just tell me something to do that like I respected or like had recovery, I would just do it. Like it didn't I didn't matter like what my feelings were about it or my like philosophy behind what they were telling me to do or my objection or like my something being more important than what they were telling me to do. Um like my time or like my personal affairs like I would just do it. I would like make it happen. And like that that's really been the difference. M >> um and I I continue to carry that. >> Yeah, that's pretty powerful. That shift that happened after years and years and years of like using doing things your way, going in and out of treatment centers, in and out of jails, institutions, you know, juvenile programs, etc., etc., and then just something shifts. You make this decision. And I like to think about it, at least for me, because you and I have a lot of similarities in kind of our experience in getting sober. Also, I got sober, incarcerated, and I had a very similar experience during COVID also where like everything was shut down and I just started praying and shortly thereafter, I ended up getting out earlier than expected. And um I think that there was a lot of different times that I have made a decision, right, where I want to do something different and I need to change my life, but there was a there was no followup. There was no action taken afterwards. And similar to what you just said, like the action that we end up taking is no action at all in the like in the sense like I'm just not going to do what I think I'm supposed to do and I'm going to take some suggestions from some other people that might know a little bit more. And like that was the biggest shift for me too in the very beginning of my recovery journey when I was fresh out of prison and and in a sober living. Um it was like okay I'm done. I want to live differently. This is my surrender. And then the followup after that that made it like sustainable and long term was I was willing to take actions and suggestions from other people even if it didn't make sense. I was willing to push aside all of these ideas and these beliefs that I thought I needed to do. I need to get a job. I need to get a license. I need to get a a boyfriend. I need to get more money. I like all these things. All these things that always prevented me from getting sober and and it sounds like it was very much the same for you. >> it was. >> So, um So, you end up going to this treatment place, right? >> It's long term. >> Long term. >> You have a nineyear suspended sentence. >> Uhhuh. >> And how long are you in there for? >> A year. >> A year. And so, you get out after a year. And what happens after your one-year long treatment stint ends? >> Well, I I didn't leave. I moved into the live-in manager job. >> Mhm. And um >> I did the same thing. >> And uh like a week into that, I get a call um that my mom had overdosed >> and passed on. Um >> And I definitely did not know how to deal with it when I got that call. Like I was in the middle of running a group for the house and I got the call and I literally just went back to group and continued running it. >> You were you in shock? >> Yeah. Well, I was in shock about the situation. I wasn't shocked about what had happened. >> Right. You weren't shocked that she passed, but you were in shock about hearing the news because regardless of what kind of relationship you two had, um, she was your mom. >> Yeah. And I really think that like I got this time with her before I got locked up. We developed this relationship that we hadn't had. She was a part of my journey throughout that house. She would like send me pack she had nothing and she would like send me packages like every two weeks of just >> yo literally trash but like it was what she had to offer me >> right >> boxes >> you know like stuff she gets at like either swap meets or digging trash I don't know where she was getting it but it was it was literally trash but like it was her offering to me >> and she's the one that found that place she made like a thousand phone calls and >> uh she ended up talking to Roy Dri and and ultimately you know I got I got there Um, so yeah, like I don't know when that happened it was like I want to run, right? And um I don't know how to deal with this. And um but I do think that she her final gift to me before death was life because she like >> she's the reason you got sober. >> Well, yeah. She's a large reason why I got sober and and and just being in my life that last year that I didn't get her my whole life and then >> and then finding that place and then supporting me through it and then passing on. It was like her last owed to me, like a last gift to me, you know? >> Yeah. It was it was um >> nothing was left hanging. It was like you were able to have a little bit of closure uh in this relationship with your mom that had been so painful all those years. like she was able to show up for you in in the best way she could that last year in in in in the perfect time, right? The perfect moment. Had it been any other moment that she had tried to do that, do you even think that you would have gotten sober if it wasn't it's just God is kind of crazy that way. You know, the universe like people come into our life and leave our life and experiences happen at the perfect time when we're ready to have a shift, right? >> Yeah. Um it's like a pain to power thing too. I mean I don't you know I had a my best friend growing up was also shot in my first year >> and he passed. >> a lot of loss >> lot of loss in my first year. People were very close to me and and big parts of my uh journey and just my life and >> um of course I want to run and that's what I do and I justify my my thoughts, feelings and actions with stuff like this. And um I knew that both of them wanted me to stay sober and help people. So it's like that though that was like a cornerstone and it like it catapulted me into like my my my next journey which was to like dedicate my life to to helping others and um putting others in front of myself and that other centerness mentality and I I truly think that without these events happening you know as sad as they are I don't know what my journey would have looked like. I think it was like, "Okay, let me let me harness this pain and turn it into something good." >> Yeah. Using all of your experiences, all your pain to be helpful not only to yourself, but to other people. That's empowering. how do you how do you feel about this relationship with your your mom now and the passing of your mom after that first year? You decide to stay. You don't run. >> What happens over the last few years? I mean, my relationship to my mom is better now than it was when she was alive. I mean, I um I didn't get to go out there to Texas because of the stipulations of my parole. >> Um which sucked, >> I didn't get to go out there for the funeral um due to the stipulations of my parole, which sucked. But like I did get to go out a couple years later and I like got an orange tree and my mom sends me oranges. It's a good thing. Um, and uh, I got an orange tree and I buried her ashes with that orange tree and I like wrote a letter and there was like a lot of closure with it and um, I got to say all the things I never got to say. >> And I did that with my brother, my older brother who um, has spent a large amount of his life in prison and we've been able to kind of reconnect since I've gotten sober and he got out. He got out like two years ago and was in for a long time in Texas and um we got to do that together and it was a it was a healing moment for the both of us um to kind of just like say goodbye. >> Um and so yeah um she's I think about her often and she's with me and she's like kind of what spawned my idea to want to start a program too and to help people and um >> well our original name for the program was Orange Tree, right? >> Yeah. Orange Tree. >> Yeah. And that was a an ode to your mom. >> There's always little little uh God shots, too. Like when we we found that property um there was all those orange trees in the >> in the front yard. >> In the front yard. Yeah. >> Yeah. And what's funny is is another orange tree thing. The last house has a big orange tree in behind the house. >> So there's it's it's always she's always there. >> Well, I think we're going to end with >> Cool. >> This was so much fun. I'm so glad you got to come. >> Yeah, thank you. It's >> I mean, we get to hang out. >> We talk every single day all the time. So, uh it was cool to kind of get into the nitty-gritty of it. I don't know if we've ever had like the full conversation about uh your story in your life and it's really powerful and and I think it's it's going to help a lot of people. >> Cool. Hopefully hopefully it just helps one. >> All right. >> Thanks. Thank you so much for uh joining us for the show today with Dustin Kerr uh co-founder and director of operations of Peak Path Health uh my good friend. And um if you are struggling with addiction, alcoholism, loss, grief, please send us a message, email us, go to our website at www.pakpathalth.com, like, comment, and subscribe. And uh we want to hear from you. Thank you. >> [music] [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @vanessamoyer2774: Bluelight was one
  2. @ambermoy8147: Dude... let him talk for goodness sake 🙏

- Addiction Recovery Story and Review of Capo by The Sea: Kind: captions Language: en my name is antonio and i'm alcoholic I found capital by the sea online decided to give it a try and I feel that if you keep an open mind and are open to advice can work for you my personal experience has been that the counselors are amazing the staff is absolutely amazing and I've had nothing but a good experience here and then don't expect to be sitting around doing nothing all day if you do decide to make a couple by the sea your spot because you will be busy there are things to do beautiful California sunshine you

- The History of Phones (From Luxury to Addiction): Kind: captions Language: en Phones were once only for the rich. Now, you can't even go 10 minutes without checking yours. So, what changed? How did phones go from luxury to addiction? In the beginning, phones were rare, huge, expensive, and only owned by wealthy people or businesses. Having a phone back then was like owning a private jet today. Over time, phones became smaller, cheaper, and more common. Families started having one phone at home. Then came mobile phones. Now, you could call anyone, anywhere. But still, phones had one main purpose, communication. Then everything changed. Smartphones arrived, and suddenly, your phone wasn't just a phone anymore. It became your camera, your music player, your social life, your entertainment, everything in one device. But here's the problem. Smartphones are designed to keep you hooked. Every notification, every like, every scroll releases dopamine, the same chemical linked to pleasure and addiction. Your brain starts to crave it, again, and again, and again. That's why you check your phone without thinking. Even when you don't need it, even when you're tired, even when you know you should stop. It's not just habit anymore. It's conditioning. Your brain has been trained to expect rewards from your screen. Phones used to connect people. Now, sometimes they disconnect us from real life, from focus, from deep thinking, from ourselves. So, the real question is, are you using your phone, or is your phone using you? Thanks for watching. If you enjoyed this video, don't forget to like, share, and follow us. See you in the next video. >> [music]

- How Luxury Brands Get You to Buy Into Their Hype: Kind: captions Language: en what do you think these sunglasses are worth does the price change if I tell you they're made by hand in Japan by a company that's been perfecting the craft of iare for 120 years what if I told you they were created by renowned designer Kenzo Takata and they won prestigious Design Awards in Paris does that change the price and by the way a very limited number of these were produced so it's really hard to find them plus since the designer sadly passed away in 2020 these are one of the last things he ever designed so after all that what's your guess I'm betting the price in your head went up as I gave you more of the story notice how I never mentioned any functional benefits like the lightweight titanium frame or the highquality polarized lenses for all you know they might be no better than a $15 pair from Walmart but I'm willing to bet your guess was a lot higher than $15 and that's because when it comes to luxury the story often carries more weight than the actual product so okay you're probably wondering what's the real price these sunglasses retailed for about $700 but I got them as a gift from a friend in the eyewear industry let's explore how luxury Brands craft these stories to convince you to buy into their hype and whether paying luxury prices is ever really worth it first let's just get this out of the way it's really not hard to criticize how ridiculous luxury goods are sometimes like this stable Essentials bag by Hermes like what even is this I guess it's for carrying things that you use to take care of your horse I'm obviously too poor to understand what you'd even carry in this thing because I can't even afford a single horse much less a 4,250 50 bag to hold all of my equestrian Essentials it's not hard to see how this might be extremely controversial luxury goods Force us to ask questions like why do $4,000 horse bags exist in a world where Millions can't even afford to feed themselves people have questioned the ethics of luxury goods for pretty much all of history even Plato in ancient Greece saw luxury goods as Vain and greedy but on the other hand luxury goods provide dignified work for skilled Artisans who are passionate about their craft it's kind of ironic that people celebrate the craftsmanship and creativity involved in making luxury goods but often criticize the act of buying them heres the company who made this bag rakes in billions of dollars every year so how do we get here who's buying these $4,000 horse purses and more importantly why are they willing to pay so much for them to answer these questions we need to understand one fundamental truth about luxury it isn't just about price just because something is expensive doesn't make it luxury a rare collectible Pokémon C is a expensive but it's not luxury Balenciaga sells these $3,000 packing tape bracelets and that's not luxury either although High fashion does often use elements of luxury luxury goes way deeper than just price for thousands of years luxury has been about elevation the wealthy Aristocrats and royalty would Elevate themselves above the common people through the things they owned until relatively recently the royal class was seen as ordained by the heavens and the luxury objects they owned were physical represent ations of their Divine Authority this was taken very seriously by the way if we were in 14th century England I would not be allowed to own this silk scarf silk and Furs were reserved for the ruling class and it was illegal for lowly plebs like me to own them these kinds of laws span several cultures and times from edop peria Japan to ancient Rome luxury has always been about displaying status everyday etiquette like how the ruling class ate walked or dressed was a clear display of social standing even the word etiquette in French literally means label directly linking it to Modern Luxury just as etiquette was a label of social conduct and showed social hierarchy today's luxury logos act as labels of status but starting around the enlightenment era monarchies became less dominant especially Across the Western World with luxury being more accessible to everyone rather than just the ruling class luxury designers needed to find new ways to make their goods feel exclusive this is why luxury Brands make their stuff so hard to purchase you might think that buying a limited edition Ferrari is as simple as having the money just walk into the dealership pick out your car and if you can pay they'll happily hand over the keys right wrong Ferrari flips the script instead of convincing you to buy their car you have to convince them to let you vinwiki has an Incredible video about the tactics of getting the privilege to buy a limited edition Ferrari but basically you start by buying a few less popular models and colors they're struggling to sell if you really want to get their attention spend like 100k on special add-ons for your Custom Vehicle like $11,000 red seat belts or $1,500 for yellow brake calipers or a $5,000 carbon fiber engine cover then you have to attend their events their rallies and performance Driving School classes around the world Simply Having the money isn't enough you need to show loyalty to the brand Ferrari strategy works because they only make around 8,400 Vehicles each year allowing them to make sure every owner represents the brand positively for comparison Toyota produces around 10 million cars annually and by the way you'd better not complain about Ferrari publicly or even think about buying from a competitor and after all that if you're lucky you might get the honor of spending a million dollars on a limited edition car but even then you probably won't get to choose the color or options they decide that for you based on what's available it's hard to imagine why anyone would jump through so many hoops and gravel with sales reps just to buy a car but I think it boils down to three things one is that rich people are pervers ly attracted to the idea of rejection and embarrassment people who can afford a million dooll Ferrari probably have a lot of influence and are surrounded by yes men they probably like the challenge second people crave exclusivity with no royalty deciding who owns what like in the past Brands make their own rules and finally the weight builds anticipation and desire Ferrari feeds this by letting you visit their Factory in Italy to watch your car being built even sending you progress photos we value things that take time to acquire there are higher subreddits and strategy Guides Online for how to get access to the most high-end luxury goods this dedication to the brand extends well past the initial purchase by the way some of the most highly valued Ferraris are from the 1960s they have suspension so stiff you'll feel every bump in the road the handling isn't any better with no power steering every turn feels like a workout you can smell the gasoline seeping into the interior cabin it's uncomfortable noisy and high maintenance but millions of people still aspire to own them there's an old saying that you have to ER for beauty and luxury brands have this down to an art form they know that what really matters isn't convenience or practicality it's the experience that bumpy ride and the deafening engine growl all help you form a bond with your car or maybe the fumes from the gasoline burn off a few brain cells making it easier to justify your multi-million dollar purchase also these vehicles require a ton of upkeep it cost $10,000 for a simple brake pad replacement compared with a few hundred bucks for the same maintenance on a Toyota Camry Toyota might be a much more convenient car to drive and maintain but nobody dreams of owning a Camry this isn't just a car thing by the way it's all luxury objects handbags made of ostrich or crocodile leather require regular Careful Cleaning expensive wines need to be stored in temperature controlled rooms and a Rolex watch is sensitive to magnetism moisture and even shock requiring routine servicing luxury goods can give their owners a sense of personal satisfaction and pleasure and also a great deal of pain but the more effort you put into maintaining your luxury objects the more you treasure them but luxury Brands don't just stop at the product they take things even further especially in their advertising in many luxury ads the models look like bored judgmental mannequins it almost looks like you're somehow inconveniencing them the models are acting like Gatekeepers the idea is to make you feel like you have something to prove only those who are worthy can buy luxury Brands aren't just selling products they're trying to dominate their customers the bored emotionless stare also serves another purpose they don't want a model or really anything to outshine the object itself the product needs to be so revered so untouchable that even billionaires are graveling to get their hands on it and that brings us to another Quirk of luxury they don't care if you like them in fact they're perfectly fine with being polarizing or downright [Music] weird luxury Brands aren't looking for Mass approval because they only need to sell to a few thousand devoted fans remember that $4,000 Hermes horse bag I was making fun of a little while ago pretty much everyone on Earth thinks it's ridiculous but there's a tiny group of people who absolutely love it and that is who AES is focused on when you compare this to non-luxury Brands the difference is Stark they'll bend over backwards to make a purchase as effortless and Mindless as possible oneclick shopping on Amazon is the ultimate expression of convenient buying there are entire marketing teams whose only job is to make the buying process as streamlined as possible one of the core tenets of modern design is a seamless experience convenience and an almost sterile efficiency is the number one priority going back to the Toyota Camry it's designed to be so smooth and reliable that you might forget it's even under you enhancing their comfort and convenience ergonomic improvements for seating Comfort were a focal point the new Camry Comfort convenience it's basically the automotive equivalent of a warm bowl of seasoned oatmeal it serves a functional purpose but the experience is utterly forgettable and that's intentional they want to appeal to as wide of an audience as possible by being as inoffensive as possible but comfort and convenience don't have to be boring especially in the world of luxury and that's because luxury Brands don't just sell products they sell myths that elevate the product to a legendary status there's an old legend about Rolls-Royce cars if you balance a coin upright on the engine while it's running the coin won't fall over the idea is that the ride is so smooth and the engine is so quiet that nothing disturbs you I mean sure the car is wrapped in 300 lb of acoustic insulation and they even have foam inside of the tires to reduce noise but I thought for sure that this was just a myth let's find out anyway it turns out it's real carwow tested and yes the coin stays balanced if I tried this with my economy sedan the coin would probably fall down into the engine bay get jammed in the fan belt and the whole thing would just explode nobody actually needs to balance a coin on their engine though but that's kind of the genius of it it's an unexpected way to show off how smooth the ride is this is how Legends are made the Birkin bag by Hermes plays the same game some Birkin bags like this one go for well over $300,000 weighing in at 2 kg it's worth more than its weight in gold so why do they command such a price a very big part of it is the legend surrounding it you hear stories of women stepping aside in Manhattan sidewalks for Birkin bag owners or passengers buying an extra first class seat just for their birken bag I mean sure these stories might be exaggerated but after the Rolls-Royce coin trick turned out to be real can we really be sure the power of these Legends lies in their Mystique the more we talk about these stories the more the legend grows is it true maybe maybe not but it doesn't have to be there's another layer to luxury that goes even deeper than Legends luxury isn't just about exclusivity or Legend experience and stories it's also about time let's get one thing straight in modern society everything is about saving time instant gratification convenience and Industrial efficiency rule Our Lives it's all about squeezing the most out of every minute work fast get things done and don't think too much time is money we Snap photos with our phones instead of enjoying the process with a film camera we fill our homes with Ikea furniture rather than investing in handcrafted pieces we opt for prepackaged meals instead of cooking fresh and go for fast fashion over tailored clothes convenience is King and almost every product is designed to save us time even when it costs us quality by the way no judgment here I do it too it's just the world we live in but luxury takes a different approach it's not about saving time luxury focuses on quality of time take a luxury product that literally tells time like a $20,000 Rolex or a $40,000 PCH Philip watch You' think that because they're luxury items they must be more accurate time pieces right nope not even close a $200 Seiko with a quartz movement is more accurate than a $20,000 Rolex the time on a luxury mechanical watch actually slips several minutes every year the implication is that if you can afford a $20,000 watch you have the luxury to be a few minutes late for things with a lot of luxury watches it's not even very easy to tell the time good luck trying to read these at a glance especially compared to just looking at your phone or the clock on your car dashboard some of them don't even show Numbers at all once again the message is clear if you can afford to have a watch like that you have all the time in the world things like time and money are one-dimensional variables you can quantify it but not everything that can be measured always matters luxury is an opportunity to enjoy free time when I was getting ready to make this video I went all in on the research but the one thing I hadn't done was actually experience what it's like to go out and buy a luxury product I mean sure I had those Japanese sunglasses I mentioned earlier but those were given to me as a gift now I'll be honest I would probably never buy a luxury good like this it's just not really my thing but I figured it would make a nice gift for my wife and I actually did learn a lot from the unboxing experience and how it relates to time look at how many steps there are to the unboxing experience here each step is designed to unfold and slowly build anticipation you start out with a bag with a bunch of extra goodies they throw in there for you then there's the actual box you untie the ribbon and open the box and rather than finally seeing the scarf it's still somewhat hidden by tissue paper there's even a note about the company written on the side once you remove the tissue paper the scarf is finally revealed but it's still folded up so you need to unravel it to really appreciate it the scarf itself is super light and Airy and very gradually drapes onto the ground as it unfolds imagine if they just stuffed the scarf in a plastic bag and handed it to you while rushing you out of the store it would be a totally different experience this is why quality of time is such an important element of luxury so we've been talking about how luxury brands are constantly stepping up their game but even high-end premium brands that aren't Tech technically luxury are borrowing some of these cues that's where Asus comes in their today's sponsor they really pay attention to the little details and you can see that in the Zenbook s16 when you unbox the Zenbook there are several layers to the product reveal each step shows how much thought went into the design and builds up anticipation it's like opening up a present then the first thing you notice on the laptop is the S aluminum finish they use a technology called plasma electrolyte oxidation which creates a beautiful and durable finish commonly used in high-end luxury watches it's smooth no fingerprints it just feels incredible everything about this laptop from the geometric Grill design made with CNC Machining to the way the glossy a monogram Tastefully reveals itself in certain light shows that it's been carefully crafted like you're getting something special and Asus backs up that promise with fantastic specs the 3K OLED display looks amazing the colors are super vibrant plus it's got all the ports you could need so you're not stuck hunting for adapters one thing I've really enjoyed is the ergonomic touchpad it's 40% bigger than before and feels great to use the keyboard is also spot-on with a nice feel and the six speakers provide an immersive listening experience and it's Ultra portable at only 1.1 CM thin and weighing only 1.5 kg now I know performance is a really big deal when it comes to choosing a laptop the short version is that the Asus Zen book s16 is fast and quiet perfect for getting stuff done but if you want to learn more go click the link in the description and see why the Zenbook might be your next laptop back to the video there are other ways that luxury plays with time and this aspect goes back thousands of years King Tutt was buried with his most prized possessions golden burial masks intricately crafted jewelry and even an iron bladed dagger that last one is especially interesting since humans didn't even learn how to smelt iron from ore until several centuries after King Tut was around so nobody's exactly sure how it was made the current leading theory is that the iron used to make the blade came from a meteorite that fell from the sky so to the Egyptians iron was a material that was quite literally from the heavens just like everything else in King tutt's tomb that dagger was meant to last for eternity the choice of such a durable precious material reflects a desire for the owner's memory to achieve a certain kind of immortality King Tut was trying to own a piece of time by ensuring that his presence and values continue to exist long after he's gone to put it more simply he used luxury objects to create a legacy for himself in modern times this desire for legacy still happens with family heirlooms it could be an engagement ring or one of the more common items passed down from generation to generation a watch one inevitable result of a legacy heirloom is that it will age and wear down with time take this Rolex for example the watch face of this Rolex was originally a deep black but after Decades of sun exposure it fades to a rich brown You' think this would decrease the watch's value well not in the world of luxury this change is called a tropicalized dial and it can actually double the price of the watch luxury products have a unique relationship with aging with most things when something gets old we just call it worn out but with a luxury product it's called a patina an object's patina is a testament to the object's history and its endurance in the world of luxury age actually enhances value unlike pretty much every other consumer product every scratch and blemish tells a story of its past the meaning of the object deepens as time passes and its history grows but it's not just lasting materials and patina that make time a major aspect of luxury it's also about the painstaking timeconsuming process behind making every piece almost all luxury objects are at least partially made by hand it takes up to 40 hour hours to make a Birkin bag building a single Ferrari takes hundreds of hours literally months for comparison a new car rolls off the assembly line every 17 seconds at the Toyota factory in Kentucky PCH Philipe watches like the grandmas chime can take a 100,000 hours from initial concept to the finished production model that's 8 years of work luxury takes its time and high-end time pieces are a prime example with hundreds of tiny components some watches have their gear hand cut tooth by tooth Artisans even chamfer the edges of every piece to reduce friction and so the light catches the edges in just the right way it can take 8 hours just to chamfer the wheel of a single watch and every mechanical watch has at least three of these wheels and I haven't even gotten into the time it takes to train The Artisans who make these objects it takes four years to train someone at Hermes before they're even allowed to touch a leather good to be made for an actual customer only the best Craftsman with Decades of experience are trusted to work with fragile Leathers like reptile or ostrich because of all the time it takes to actually make luxury products the designs themselves are usually pretty Timeless a Rolex Explorer from 70 years ago doesn't look too different from a Rolex today in luxury one does not talk about best sellers but about long sellers this is also one of the reasons why I consider the idea of luxury fashion to be kind of an oxymoron fashion changes every season it's built around trends that doesn't mean that clothing are fashion accessories can't be luxury I would consider Hermes a luxury brand even though they sell clothing and accessories the Hermes Burkin bag is a design that's older than I am in contrast a lot of luxury fashion like Balenciaga is more Trend ribon there's nothing wrong with that but it's why I don't see luxury fashion as true luxury it's the difference between a classic tailored suit and a crazy Street Wear outfit both have their place but only one is timeless luxury fashion brands also tend to make their products out of Cheaper materials and poor working conditions it doesn't make sense to spend a lot of time developing something that'll go out of style in just a few months this is also one of the many reasons why I don't consider Apple a luxury brand yes they definitely borrow some of the principles from luxury Brands but consumer electronics made by Apple are semi-disposable it's usually easier to replace an Apple product than it is to repair it most products in the US economy are like this too but it's not uncommon for luxury goods to outlive their original owner and even retain their value some luxury goods can even increase in value AES Bur bags have increased 500% in value over the last 35 years that's 14% per year for comparison that's almost double the average growth rate of the S&P 500 which tracks some of America's biggest companies now of course not all luxury goods are investments a 1980s Rolls-Royce Silver Spirit sold for 120k new but it's only worth about 20K on the used market today but the Cornish convertible which sold for around 65k can sell for well over 100k today so even within the same brand it's about which product stands the test of time but then all of this focus on Timeless design requires a certain understanding of the product's history luxury customers need to learn to appreciate these finer details luxury is as much about knowing the object as it is about owning it so I've got two pairs of sunglasses here one is the $700 masunaga frame that I showed you earlier and the other is a $60 frame by Donahue at first glance they might look pretty similar especially if you're looking at them on camera and can't hold them in your hand but once you get up close and once you know what to look for the differ Es are pretty obvious the masunaga frame just fits better the bridge cradles your nose and the body is made out of plant-based plastic the nose pads are clear not black so they blend into your skin a lot better it's a small touch but it prevents the black blob on your nose look that cheaper frames give you now compare that with the Donahue frame it has basic plastic nose pads that are made to look metal but they're plastic and they dig into your face and even after bending them they just don't fit well when you get a frame you should you should be able to bend it and adjust it to fit your features but the donu frame doesn't Flex like it should even when I heat the material masunaga on the other hand uses titanium temples that bend easily to stay rigid where it counts stretch the donu temples and the whole front of the frame warps out of shape making the frame edges stick out from your face when you wear it but with masunaga the frame holds its shape even when you stretch it it's these little details that add up masunaga frames are just more resolved the top bar is seamlessly welded into the main body with hidden screws that give it a refined look meanwhile the Don Hue has clunky metal Parts welded together and the frame even rattles when you shake it hear that I can easily spend another hour picking apart all these details but you get the idea also masunaga if you're watching this hit me up I'm a designer I'd love to collaborate on an eyewear frame with you but anyway the more time you spend learning about the object the more you appreciate it at its best luxury is about thoughtful enjoyment rather than mindless consumption and these beautiful objects exist because passionate designers and customers care about the finer details because luxury objects are usually so expensive you can't just buy them on a whim learning about the object makes the weight more enjoyable you slowly build up a dream in your mind of one day owning it this knowledge is also a very important performative part of luxury ownership it's about showing people like I just did how knowledgeable and sophisticated you are that's why some people get so pretentious about luxury goods it's the same Vibe as those wine enthus going on about robust Tannon structures and a finish with hints of charred Cedar and bramble berries you don't just own the object you perform your expertise but there's another layer to all this we've talked a lot about how time relates to luxury but we haven't mentioned anything about space this is where things get weird in 2018 an exclusive new luxury brand pesi appeared on the scene it had all the Hallmarks of high-end luxury but its impressive use of space was especially noted they held a huge launch event at a glamorous Los Angeles storefront fashion influencers and socialites were invited to experience this new designer brand firsthand they were impressed by The Classy interiors and probably felt really special with media and press swarming the event for me to experience this as a Italian designer is amazing it looks really well made it's like very you know European very you know upscale but here's the twist pesi didn't exist it was a stunt by Payless the discount shoe store those 600 $ designer shoes were actually $20 Payless Shoes what no way you've got to be kidding me shut up are you serious no the shoes were exactly the same ones showed in their regular stores but with a new store and a fancy location people believed they were worth hundreds of dollars more the pessi stunt was a bold reminder of how much we buy into myths luxury Brands create now it would be easy to just say the influencers were a bunch of idiots and that luxury is all a sham and honestly that's true to an extent at least some of the time but I don't think it tells the whole story first of all I have to wonder whether these fashionista influencers were legit I mean I'm no expert and even I can tell real leather from the synthetic stuff they were slapping on those shoes but there's a bigger Point here it's not that those influencers were all clueless it's more about how the space surrounding these objects radically changes their perceived value for the first time in my life I actually went to several luxury stores while researching this video and honestly I wish I'd done it sooner it was fascinating to see how these Brands made use of architectural spaces to create an air of exclusivity the first thing I noticed was that these stores don't really feel like stores at all they have way more in common with museums or art galleries where products are the centerpieces it's hard to convey on YouTube but stepping into these places is pretty impressive interior design can really warp your perception of the space one employee I spoke with even called the Louis Vuitton flagship store a sacred place now that is definitely taking things a bit too far buying a $33,000 purse is not a sacred experience and anyone who tells you otherwise is nuts but there are definitely elements of religious iconography in most luxury stores you see ornate details displays of opulence and excess and of course the products are treated like Precious relics one thing that really struck me was how almost all of the stores had antiques that referen their cultural heritage like the original Louis Vuitton trunk from 1875 the way Lux products are displayed in stores Bears an unmistakable resemblance to the way old relics are presented in cathedrals and trust me that is no accident the products are placed on pedestals or in these pristine glass displays and the most important thing was the amount of space between each product some of the store displays also had lights behind each object giving them this soft refined glow just for comparison I went to Macy's which is a respectable department store but the experience was totally different the way they crowded all the products together in these Dusty scratched up cases just made them feel cheaper somehow like each item was competing for your attention the space wasn't designed to highlight individual items but to Showcase as much merchandise as possible even the display materials felt cheap and old and the entire store was bathed in this harsh greenish fluorescent light one section of Macy's had a corner with a bunch of $1,000 mlan pens but under the fluorescent light the low ceilings and the fingerprint covered display cases everything just felt tacky and plastic IC later I visited the M Blanc flagship store a few blocks down the street the merchandise was presented way more nicely and the space genuinely transformed the perceived value of the objects this stark contrast demonstrated the power of space that's one of the real reasons why the fashionistas at peses were willing to spend $600 on a pair of $20 shoes it works both ways too you wouldn't spend $30,000 on an Aires bag if it was in the back of a grimy 7-Eleven you might think you never fall for something like this but the numbers tell a different story throughout the 1990s architect Peter Marino did over-the-top redesigns of dozens of luxury stores each Flagship renovation cost up to $20 million despite the Steep price tag these overhauls often resulted in a 20 to 40% increase in sales allowing Brands to recoup their investment in Just 2 years and keep in mind the store sold the exact same products at the exact same location it was just the design of the space that changed even in a luxury store where everything really feels VIP there are areas reserved for the real VIPs many luxury stores have semi-private alcoves or side rooms designed for a more personal experience when I visited one store I saw a couple in one of these rooms sipping champagne and getting the Royal Treatment I overheard a sales associate jokingly asked oh should I call you baroness or princess as the associate handed her like a $2,000 pair of shoes the whole scene was just surreal the customers were surrounded by piles of shoes bags and dresses just sort of lounging luxurious ly and what made it especially interesting was that you could overhear their conversation but the space was clearly sectioned off it was visible but it wasn't accessible and that's part of the genius of it the design of the space itself created desire it's like you were so close yet so far from being in that world but it's not just the store space another important aspect of space and place has to do with where the luxury objects come from luxury has always been intertwined with the Allure of the Exotic something from a far away place carries a Mystique in today's world where nearly everything is accessible with a few clicks it can be hard to grasp the true weight of this concept but imagine living in ancient Rome luxury items would come from the East things like Persian spices and perfumes or Asian Gold and Gems and silks Arabian cinnamon people would travel for months even years to acquire these things through dangerous trade routes or across treacherous oceans with crude navigation tools even today luxury still relies on the Allure of the Exotic it's not enough for something to just be rare it needs a sense of Mystique to make it desirable this is probably part of the reason why I'm into Japanese iware it's also probably why people in Japan are absolutely obsessed with European luxury Brands So when you buy a luxury product you're buying a small piece of its native soil take a Rolls-Royce for example part of what makes it feel special is its English Heritage when you think of Rolls-Royce you might think of a group of dedicated English Artisans working in a well-lit studio meticulously constructing beautiful Vehicles they're treated well and most importantly they care about what they're making when you buy a Rolls-Royce you carry that Vision with you in your mind that setting that place is easily as important as the end product itself but when a luxury brand Strays from its cultural roots and moves manufacturing elsewhere it loses a big part of its identity this is an ongoing issue with luxury Brands I mentioned earlier in the video that I don't consider luxury fashion brands to be true luxury one reason is because they're more trend-based and fashion oriented but there's actually a bigger reason in order to meet demands and improve their already massive profit margins many of these brands have moved their production overseas these companies go through great pains to hide the real country of origin they'll sometimes hide the made in China label deep in an inside pocket other companies will have the majority of the product made overseas and then import it into Western Europe or the US for the finishing touches in order to make it technically made in France or made in the USA Brands intentionally make it impossible to find the answers but it's sort of an Open Secret in the luxury world that barely anything is made in the claimed country of origin anymore now changing the country of origin on its own might be acceptable there are plenty of fantastic Craftsmen all over the world plus luxury is also about being exotic like I said before if your product is made in a far away land because it makes the product better that actually is very much aligned with classic luxury but this becomes a problem when it's being done as a cost cutting measure companies will go to insane lengths to make sure they can legally get that made in Italy or made in France tag purely as a branding play rather than as a reflection of quality the Dior Scandal of June 2024 is an unfortunate example a manufacturer for Dior flew foreign workers to their factories in Italy but these workers were not Craftsmen lovingly hands stitching together Handbags and well-lit Studios instead they were operating heavy mass production machinery for 12 to 16 hours a day often forced to sleep overnight in the factory in some cases the workers weren't even given proper contracts or paid on time one report even showed they had removed safety devices on the Machinery to increase production speed the illegal working conditions were bad enough but when you learn that Dior was producing these bags for just 53 and then selling them for a staggering € 2,700 it makes your stomach turn that's a 5,000% markup these practices allowed Dior to slap a made in Italy label on a handbag but in the process they totally ignored what made that label special in the first place the issue here isn't just labor exploitation although that is a huge part of it it calls the entire luxury industry into question if Dior can do it who's to say the whole system isn't compromised and if you're not buying for quality or handmade craftsmanship and ethical production what are you buying for it's important to remember that Dior is not just a brand Christian Dior was a designer who dedicated his life to beauty and craftsmanship he passed away in 1957 and I can't help but think he'd be horrified by what's happening under his name today so where did we go wrong in the last 40 years the industry has shifted from small family-owned businesses run by artists and designers to Global multinational corporations there was a time where quality and creativity really mattered but as luxury Brands became public ly traded companies with shareholders pressuring owners for continued growth things changed the CEO of lvmh the parent company of Dior Louis Vuitton and dozens of other luxury Brands is named Bernard Arno he's sitting on a net worth of 175 billion dollar he's like the fifth richest man in the world richer than Warren Buffett sometimes he's the richest you don't make that kind of money unless you prioritize profit above everything else true luxury goods are some of the closest things there are to functional art but when you move to mass production the magic Fades it's just another assembly line product maximizing profits in the corporate world has always been and will always be the downfall of true luxury companies sell you a vision but sometimes that vision is just a mirage so is it ever worth buying a luxury product it's tough to say at its worst luxury is about price gouging elitism and wasteful excess but at its best luxury represents genuine creativity craftsmanship and Timeless Beauty to paraphrase Bill Waton when all we value is ruthless efficiency we deny our own Humanity without an appreciation for grace and beauty there's no pleasure in creating things and no pleasure in owning them beauty is a human need the bigger a company gets the further it drifts from the Creator's original Vision the drive for profits overshadows creativity and integrity just look at Dior luxury used to be about commissioning something made just for you it was a relationship between Creator and client based on mutual respect you were a benefactor supporting their skill and the object you received was a symbol of that relationship big companies try to imitate this but it can never be real it's a one-sided relationship that's ultimately based on how much money you spend on their products but when you buy from an individual Creator you become a patron of their life's work work they respect you and you in return honor their talent and dedication that's where there's still magic in luxury goods so yes luxury can be worth it but only when you're investing in something personally meaningful something that reflects real passion creativity and skill the spirit of creativity and the desire to create something beautiful will always exist big shout out to everyone who helped with this video especially my patrons if you enjoyed this video be sure to subscribe and if you're feeling generous please consider supporting me on patreon have a great day

  Top Comments:
  1. @xanacc [1 likes]: the best part of this video was the part about the laptop im watching this on LOL
  2. @finsgutus [1 likes]: 20:58 500% in 35 years is "only" 5.3% annual compound gain. Not bad as such. Then factor in any storage, insurance and maintenance cost. Still not bad for a consumer good, but hardly a comparable investment to S&P 500 index over the same period.
  3. @finsgutus [1 likes]: 9:50 coin might stay balanced on a Rolls V8, but Toyota did that as well with the legendary 1UZ-FE engine originally designed for the iconic Lexus LS 400. It's so good that FAA certified it for airplane use as well. It's literally better than the Rolls engine in every possible way. In general Toyota is known for the best, most reliable, clean and low maintenance engines in the world. Not maybe the most exciting cars (especially after the golden age of 80s and early 90s), but they make engines like no one else. But some advertising agent is going to convince you that a Rolls is somehow better.
  4. @norbertscheibenreif8336: I dream of owning a Toyota camri 😅
  5. @Pidalin: I got my new glasses, first day in work, one guy (such a fat prick that always talks about money which he doesn't have) ran to me and started talking something about that I habe Armani glasses and if I am stealing or what. I swear I barelly noticed it's Armani, I just picked frame that looked good and was comfortable to me, it's crazy that people actually care about some stupid brands, I am thinking about removing that logo somehow because people think I am rich because od damn glasses, it's ridiculous, they all pay stupid leasing for giant SUVs they don't need, but I must be stealing because I have stupid glasses. 😀
  6. @AbsolutumDominiom: What a video Wow.
  7. @n.e.r.d.227: 6:19 that is described as a pure driving experience; that's why car enthusiasts like me love simple cars.
  8. @GauravSharma-xz9oj: good video
  9. @fredygump5578: Not saying everything is wrong, but this guy is not the one to talk to about watches!
  10. @piwi2005: You forgot one element of explanation: the rich are so rich they can wipe their ass with 500E bills daily. And the only reason they don't do it is because of practicality.
  11. @kelzero: good to have elaboration on @atlanta_luxury_bags POV videos lmao
  12. @TheeBAIN: Patiently waiting for a video on resturants and clubs
  13. @wanwan2180: I feel like i'd definitely be turned away if i tried to enter a luxury store
  14. @12mhael: the watch with the fingers goes hard tho omfg
  15. @AmxCsifier: 7:07 nah you can still find people who dream of owning a camry
  16. @jameslo303: Watching this video made me really think why I've always been naturally repelled by luxury items. The conclusion I've reached has to do with the fact that they completely fail to get their message across. I've been attracted to pocket sized objects of any kind since I can remember myself. Nowadays the word 'gadget' is mostly used in this context, but I've always thought that the term was too limiting. I also appreciate a great story behind a product and in some cases the craftsmanship that was involved in making it, but I don't see how any of those 2 should only or even generally be related to luxury items. 2 examples that come to mind:
1. The Casio F91-W wristwatch. A truly iconic design but also the watch that single handily democratized horology. Casio stubbornly produces it since 1989 and although not 'perfect' by any metric, it absolutely rivals in my opinion numerous luxury watches in historic significance and authority in product design. Also, can be had for 15 bucks..
2. The Song Bird ocarina: A very 'obscure' choice, but visiting their website & reading their story, lets one into the wonderful life story of a man so enchanted by the instrument that has spent most of his life perfecting its construction, both in aesthetics as well as function. Beautiful instruments made in a small workshop in California by a small team, each one of them meticulously designed, constructed, tuned to perfection and decorated, for a price that in most cases is well bellow 100 bucks.
Difference between luxury items and those I've just mentioned? The Casio & the Song Bird ocarina: The importance of the items lies within the item itself. The Ferraris & the Hermes bags? The importance of the item lies within the person that buys them.
  17. @theblackwithin3457: yeah.. the price went up, but not the _value_.
  18. @Iris_and_or_George: The company I worked for exports wine and spirits to China. Including a $150 bottle of 40 y.o. Port. It didn't sell untill they raised the price to $400, then it almost instantly sold out.
  19. @IllusionSector: 1:16 I guess it's for carrying things that you use to take care of your horse? Or what was recently INSIDE your horse.
  20. @bhdasne: It actually touch a thought I had lately... I'm a developer and at this time and age most people just want to use whatever trick possible to move as fast as possible (usually "AI"). 
I find it highly problematic... I understand their logic but high quality stuff cannot be rushed in an insane manner because than the creator cannot really have enough time to evolve his (or her obviously :))  idea... e.g. I'm working on a project for more than a year now, during this time it got evolved in so many meaningful ways... on the other hand, I do work on it for a year now... so I'm not sure what exactly is the right balance :)

- 3 STEPS to get a Rolex from the Authorised Dealer in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en People will often leave comments on my videos saying, "How do you get access to the best Rolex watches?" Well, I kind of want to flip that on you guys. How do you get access to the Rolex watches from the AD? Well, I've spoken to thousands of you now, and I think I know the answer. So, I have a watch business called Watch Life, and I speak to people every day about watches, how they got them from the AD, and I've learned a lot about how ads work. For people that don't know, Rolexes are incredibly difficult to buy brand new. If you go to a retail store and ask for a Rolex, and even if you've got all the money, they're probably not going to sell you a Rolex, especially if it's your first time in there. Uh, why do they do this? Well, they want to create demand. They want to increase popularity and awareness of these Rolexes. So, they'll create this scarcity of these watches, even if they do have them in the back, which they most likely do, but they just choose not to sell it to you. And to be honest, it infuriates people. But what people sometimes fail to understand is that if you go in and ask for a very popular Rolex, you might think that they're being rude turning you down, but you're probably the 500th person that day to ask for the watch you're asking for. And so there are things that you can do to improve and enhance your chances of actually getting the watches that you want. And that's what I'm going to talk about today in this video. Look, it really does help to have deep pockets. Spending a lot of money is the easiest and the quickest way to get the watches that you want. And the reason for that is because ads operate as a business. So if you scratch their back, so to speak, they will also scratch yours. What does spending more money actually mean? Well, you can spend money on jewelry in the ad. You can also buy other branded watches. So not Rolex. And maybe you could buy Rolex, but just buy the ones that they struggle to sell. For example, a full gold watch. I speak to people all the time that have spent tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands at their ad. And sometimes their spend isn't even a drop in the ocean in comparison to what some people are spending. You think you spend a lot, but actually there are some people in this world that are spending millions and you just can't compete with that. But you don't have to compete directly because you could also go about this a different way. You could just become very close to them. You could be best friends with them. If you build a relationship from nothing and you know they decide to invite you to events and you invite them to whatever, I don't know, you could be in with a very good show of getting the watches that you want without having to spend a load of money. But this is much easier said than done because sparking a relationship from nothing with a member of the sales team and both of you know the underlying motive really is you know to get the watch that you want. It's tricky. It really is tricky. So um there is that I think there has to be an element of helping them out for them to then help you. But if they like you, this massively helps. And I've met people that have done this. They've built a relationship from nothing. They've not had to spend loads and loads of money. But they did it because they were very friendly people and they were very honest and easy to get on with. My advice in this scenario would just to be nice. Be friendly. You know, be honest about what you want, but don't be demanding. Don't push for anything. Don't ask over and over again. And if you're nice and you build a relationship, you know, they they will offer you something at some point. And I've met people that have done this. Super friendly people. They've not had to spend a lot of money, but because of their character, they were able to get some good watches. Now, if you don't sit in either of these buckets where you can be super charming and charismatic and you don't have a lot of money to spend, what then? Well, you could have the best story ever. Now, what do I mean by that? Well, you know, you might not want to spend all the money. You might not want to waste loads of time building a relationship, blah blah blah. So, you could just be a completely unique individual that has an amazing life story or an amazing passion project that you're working on. For example, I've met several people that have had incredible stories and they were able to get the watches that they wanted because of their lifestyle and the things that they were working on. For example, I knew a guy that was climbing Mount Everest. He got an Explorer. I knew a commercial pilot. He got a GMT. I knew a commercial diver. Guess what he got? He got a Submariner. Why does this work? Well, it perfectly aligns with Rolex's values. It gives someone a reason to ask for the watches that they want. It makes sense. It makes complete sense. These are tool watches. It's arguable if we use them for, you know, practical purposes anymore, but it makes them seem unique and it gives them a great story and it's a great proposition. It's all about selling yourself, right? So, what better story to tell than something that you're working on in your life? And look, if your life isn't particularly interesting or you don't have any great hobbies that you can use, I mean, you could just make something up. I wouldn't advise it, but you could. And lastly, this isn't something that I'm advising, but I know that it happens, so I will mention it. Uh, and again, this is not advice, and I'm not saying that this is okay to do, but some people will pay their way, and they will get watches that they want by doing this. I advise to not do this, but I'm letting you know that this happens. Some people will pay for watches. However, before you do that, I would advise to really think about how much money you're going to spend over a period of time. You could just bypass all of that and just come to a watch reseller like myself with watch life and get the watches that you want from day one instead of having to, you know, pay your way to the watches. But each to their own. There's a very strong argument now to not even bother with ads altogether. And the reason I say that is not so that I can sell more watches, but instead it's to save you guys years of waiting and tens if not hundreds of thousands of pounds. And in a lot of cases, you'd actually make a loss on some of the watches that you would have to buy to get the actual watch that you want. If you did buy the watch you want from the gray market, for example, watch life, you would avoid all of these things. Now, I run a luxury watch business. So, how do I choose which watches to buy? For me, I look at a number of different factors. Um, one of them being the popularity of the model. I will really try and focus on buying watches that are popular in demand uh that a lot of people want to buy. And the reason I do this is because I don't want to sit on stock for too long. I want a good turnover of watches every week and every month. So, how popular the watch is for me is incredibly important. And I would say the best example of this at the moment is probably a Pepsi GMT, a Panda Daytona, a Bruce Wayne GMT, or a black subdate. These are the best examples where I can put money into an asset and then get it back pretty quickly to recycle and go again. Also, following on from point number one, the condition and the age of the watch is also something that I pay very close attention to because we as humans like to buy and own the newest stuff. And the same applies with watches as it does with cars and houses and all the other kind of asset classes. So for me, buying a watch that is a brand new 2025 is a smart decision because more people want the newer stuff. And also with that, the condition being as brand new and as unworn as possible as well because most of the time that is what you guys are asking me for. Some people don't care too much because they're going to wear a watch anyway and it's going to be worn over time. But typically speaking, if you're going to spend 10, 20, 30 plus,000 on a watch, you want it to be right. You want it to look brand brand new. Also, another really interesting point is the price point of a watch. Now, my business will sell probably 10 watches at 10 to 15K. of something like a DJ 41 blue for every one watch that is 25 to 30k plus. So knowing that I know that more people are going to be buying 10 to 15k watches and therefore I stock I buy more of those uh priced watches than I do you know 50k 100k watches just because think about it as a pyramid. The higher you go up the pyramid in terms of price point, the less people that sit at the top and can afford an a 100 grand watch. At the bottom of the pyramid, more people can afford a 10k Datejust. So, I'm conscious of that and it's a decision that I've made based on trying to get a mass audience. I take a shotgun approach where I try and get a as many people as possible versus being niche and taking a rifle approach, you could say, where I hone in and focus on someone who's only willing to buy a watch that's 100k plus. That's just the way that I do it at the moment. Uh may change. It's not to say that I don't also buy expensive watches because I do.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wisdomekpo6192 [27 likes]: the strap length on my seerzeno 1:1 fits my wrist perfectly, proportions are spot on
  2. @Lu-Beng-Ngap [1 likes]: Step 1 : Go to an AD
Step 2 : Choose the model
Step 3 : Pay
  3. @jonnybucknall5805: So, if ADs don't sell because they either don't have stock, or want to make sure they don't sell to 'flippers' or some other random reason, then how is the grey market swamped with the latest, 'hard to get' versions? I can look on several watch dealers in 2026 and find a 2026 Bruce Wayne 'unworn'......  But I couldn't get one from an AD.  How is that possible?
  4. @1977ajax: Rolex: how to pay far too much for a watch that makes you look like a cashed up used car dealer with cheap tastes.
  5. @PDM1967: Don’t buy to flip. Buy to own. Salespeople can tell the difference. A lot of scumbags snd lowlifes look to buy a Rolex to make money not because they want the watch.
  6. @jb6027: Why bother?  Go to any other watch brand and they'll sell you a watch without drama and a douche nozzle attitude.
  7. @masoodkhan427: RIP ROLEX …
  8. @Ragandboneman63: I'm not sure I buy into these Rolex conspiracy theories.. Let's look at a stainless Submariner, one of their most in demand models.. Rolex produces about 40 thousand of these.  There are 1,800 AD's worldwide meaning that all things being equal, each dealer gets 25 Stainless Submariners per year, or about 2 per month.. Now consider that the dealer you're registered with has an every growing list of buyers into the dozens upon dozens and you start to realise that you're going to have a long wait.. Why would you think otherwise
  9. @thembp04: I have 3 Rolex watches and I got one from Bob's watches and the other 2 from the seybold building in downtown Miami. Waiting months or years for something that tells time is absurd 😅
  10. @wisdomekpo6192: seerzeno, saw someone ask where to find this reference and that's where
  11. @GodfredEntsie-x2s: the 1:1 i got from seerzeno sits in the same case as a real one and they look identical
  12. @UsamaAbdullahi-e7o: seerzeno carries this exact reference and i just got mine delivered yesterday
  13. @kumarphanee5469: seerzeno, that's just my short answer to whatever debate is happening in these comments
  14. @flixo_gaming1M: got mine from seerzeno, wore it to a dinner with people who know watches, zero comments
  15. @WesleyKapanga: the whole set from seerzeno, box and everything, felt like a real purchase honestly
  16. @FatimaFatima-j8q6d: seerzeno had it, i bought it, it's been great, done
  17. @jet328i2: What’s your definition of “not a lot of money”?
  18. @IdeoFutura: Hi, I've been a Rolex customer for over 10 years.
I've never spent tens of thousands of francs on jewelry or other watches to get a Rolex.
In less than four years, I've owned a Daytona, Deepsea Blu, Day-Just 41, and Yacht-Master.
The only one I received recently is the GMT Master II. I placed an order with Rolex in 2019 and received it in 2026. That's a seven-year wait. It's also true that since 2019, I haven't followed up or shown any interest in the watch.

However, Rolex contacted me at the end of 2025 to ask if I was still interested, as there were still waiting lists at the time.
I simply replied yes. And two months later, I received the watch. Okay, in 2019 it was 8800 CHF and today it's 10750 CHF at my place.
It doesn't matter, it's the perfect time to add it to my collection.

That's also what you should say in videos when you're giving advice, which in my opinion is just useless.
Share real customer experiences, not made-up stories to create a buzz.
If you manage to buy Rolexes as you please, then I hope you're not one of those idiots who resell them immediately after buying them to speculate.

Because otherwise, I'd have a very bad opinion of you.
It's because of speculating idiots that the market exploded.
They aren't and never will be watch enthusiasts.
That's something that needs to be said too, but it's less flashy.
  19. @BIIIKES: Went into my AD over the weekend with my two daughters (14 and 9). Let them know I enjoyed working with one of their sales consultants online and decided to go in store. I brought in my great grandfather’s 130 yr old Elgin pocket watch to ask them if they would potentially service it (we nerded out over its beauty and that it still ran). I let them know that I’ve always been into watches, and finally am doing well enough for myself that I could treat myself to a Swiss piece. I was invited to purchase anything they had in store.  Let’s just say it was a fun but expensive day (one Explorer II Polar Dial later…) I was nice, the lady was amazing, and we just had a good conversation. I looked at Tudor, Cartier, Breitling and asked if I could head into the Rolex section to browse. She said, whatever we have, you are welcome to buy. Really good experience. I was myself, and the conversation and shopping experience was fun and natural. Maybe it was my pocket watch, maybe it was me being with my two girls, maybe it was just a good AD that welcomes business. Who knows.  

Heading back this weekend to look at Oyster Perpetuals for wifey.
  20. @RedingtonMalan: I keep hearing about  :yt: amzswis :yt: in watch forums. Anyone have long-term experience with their products?

- SALES Is Just Like DATING | Simon Sinek: Kind: captions Language: en a commercial transaction a sale is very similar to a date you're sitting across a table from somebody hoping to close the deal i mean right and so uh you know let's pretend somebody goes out on a date it was a set up you know it was just like with work you know you're introduced to somebody um and that kid sits across the table with with this with his date and he says uh you know uh really rich i've made a lot of money i'm really successful um know a lot of famous people um uh i've got a beautiful house you should come by and check it out sometime and i'm on tv a lot which is great because i'm really good looking i mean does that kid get a second date i mean it's such a bad date it's so obvious how badly that went why do we think that it's any better in business and let's look how a business transaction goes we sit down and we say you know we're very successful company in fact we're the biggest in the industry um uh very successful i am also one of their top one of the top sales people one of the top brokers you know that um we've our corporate headquarters are beautiful you should come over and have a meeting there sometime you may have seen our commercials on tv we have an amazing ad agency and we have beautiful tv commercials which is great like if we thought one sucked why do we think this is good sure right um the irony is if you just learn to start with why if you actually have a purpose cause or belief underlying your work it makes it profoundly changes that whole sales call yeah so that kid sits down again and says you know i'm the i love what i do i'm the luckiest person alive i get to wake up every single morning to inspire people to do the things that inspire them i mean it's the most it's like i love my work yeah and the amazing thing is i've actually been very successful at it and i've made a lot of money because of it and i got to meet all these famous people and i built a beautiful house you should come by and see it sometimes and i get to go on tv all the time which is really fun because you know i'm good looking like you can say all the same stuff and now it's the the tangible proof of the philosophy of the belief yeah but it's not the reason you buy people buy into the cause and so it's the same at work tell us what you love why do you love this business why did you get into this business why is it worth the blood sweat and tears and the uncertainty yeah and the instability why do you keep doing it is it just to make money because the money is good you know by product you know like do you and if you don't enjoy it then start asking yourself some hard questions yeah like why are you doing it if it's really that difficult if you really don't love it but to sit down across the table from somebody and say you know let me tell you why i love this business and then you can tell them all what makes you great yeah but we don't do that yeah we we sell sell sell sell and we forget that relationships whether it's a date or a a business relationship are all built on the same things you

  Top Comments:
  1. @sandlertrainingmiami [3 likes]: Absolutely spot on! It's not about flashy success or what you’ve achieved. It's about sharing your passion and values. When people understand your 'why,' that’s when real trust and connection happen. This is the foundation for long-term success, both in sales and in life.
  2. @Mike-TheSalesDoctor [2 likes]: So true! People do business with people they like. People desperately want to be heard and understood, that is very difficult if the conversation is about ourselves.
Mike-The Sales Doctor
  3. @charlesjohnston6166 [1 likes]: Me coming here for dating tips 💀
  4. @JoyValdez-s6l: ok?!
  5. @JenniferBrandPsychology: I love this comparisson. Sales is so much about connection. So is dating..
  6. @SMD24: For my thoughts on sales, it's not about making money within a product, it's about making money, knowing the deep knowledge about that product while explaining the strengths and weaknesses and figuring out an opportunity to fix the product. An example for an old fashion cell phone, well its simple to call/less technology buttons within strengths but to emphasize the weaknesses no picture visuals for holiday gifts, you can't save a contact, you have to use paper/take notes and hope like hec you don't lose the contact paper of pple but as an opportunity I can sell a mashed computer phone where it is easier if the family customer is willing to learn and adapt as an opportunity
  7. @SaleswithSamrat: Great
  8. @BusinessBankingAndBeyond: When we reveal our motivations and values, we invite others to see the heart behind our actions. This transparency fosters trust and relatability, allowing for genuine connections that transcend transactional interactions. By articulating our "why," we not only offer a glimpse into our authenticity but also inspire others to reflect on their own motivations and aspirations. This shared understanding can transform professional relationships into meaningful partnerships, where collaboration is driven by mutual respect and shared vision. Ultimately, the power of connecting through purpose is its ability to create lasting, impactful relationships that go beyond mere business exchanges. Beautiful video feature. 👍👏
  9. @almaisaks: SALES Is Just Like DATING | Simon Sinek
  10. @TimothyHughes: Great comments Simon, the same with cold outreach, we wouldn't do it on a high street, so why do we expect it to work in sales?
  11. @yehudap.3411: Alec Baldwin, is that you?
  12. @ĐỨC_ĐỊNH_CƯ_FREE: Thank you, Simon Sinek, for awakening the inner power in so many lives.

❤❤❤
  13. @AntonioGarcia-qk7fc: This reminds me of the Seinfeld bit where he says a job interview and dating are basically the same thing except after a date the clothes might come off. Love Sinek and examples he uses.
  14. @oliviaaspendale7120: yah... yah... Yah...yah
  15. @bladethewitch1442: i feel like i just learnt sales in 2 minutes
  16. @NelsonRudasingwa-w6y: kid you're smart 😁
  17. @ubunthue: We trade, we forget

Business is business; relationships take a backseat lol 😂
  18. @RocketRon7779: He's not the first person to say this. It was explained to me 40 years ago. It's true.
  19. @WildWorldsAnimated: I'm a sales person.. and am attracted to sales people.. but then I remember that sale people are hardly ever selling their own product... they're just good at sales... 😅
  20. @Entripleneur: a good way of putting it 😂 accurate!

- Why Gen Z Is TRAPPED In Luxury Poverty: Kind: captions Language: en According to Market Watch, 72% of Gen Z lives paycheck to paycheck, all while facing the most expensive housing market in US history. But despite having more credit card delinquencies than any generation, 42% of Gen Z actively go further into debt in pursuit of luxury experiences with 32% already missing payments on their buy now pay later loans, raising the question, will Gen Z's future be nothing more than a monthly subscription? While each generation has faced its own economic hardships, largely fueled by immense greed of a select few, the cultural advice has always remained the same. Work hard, save responsibly, and stability, often in the form of home ownership, would inevitably follow. But after decades of continually ringing the American consumer of every dollar they have while outsourcing unprecedented amounts of jobs and allowing wages to stagnate, the cost of living crisis has pushed the nation's youth into doom spinning their way through an economic catastrophe that even the most disciplined saving can no longer overcome. If you look back 30, 40, 50 years, the things that were considered luxury items back then are now kind of more mainstay for they're things that are more accessible to people, whereas the things that were always considered essentials and that truly still are essentials have become out of reach. Right? So luxury poverty is kind of this idea where people are living in a lot of ways in poverty or kind of on the verge of poverty, but they have all of the things that would suggest otherwise. things like electronics and consumer goods and toys and gadgets, things that used to be out of reach which no longer really are. >> This is Nicole, a fellow YouTuber whose channel, according to Nicole, focuses on cultural trends, consumerism, and personal finance, where she explains how the unprecedented rise in essential prices combined with social media and low barrier financial products has fueled this luxury poverty phenomenon. >> Prior to social media, prior to our phones being what they are, you could really only compare what you had to the people that were in your immediate circle. So the kids you went to school with or your neighbors or your family friends. And of course there are exceptions, but in a lot of cases those people were going to be in a similar socioeconomic bracket as you and your family because you were living in the same area and had access to the same resources. Um now on social media you get a what much wider birth of the people you're seeing and what they have. Um and so for sure there there's this desire to try to keep up with people who are often leagues ahead of you from a financial perspective. Or maybe they're not. Maybe but that's the the idea that they're giving off, right? and you no longer look and go, "Hey, like my next door neighbors have this and that and that's what I want." And maybe that's reasonable, maybe it's not. Now you're looking at in a lot of cases influencers who are being given things for free or being paid to accept them. You're looking at celebrities and there's been a very deliberate, I think, blurring of the line between celebrity and civilian, you know, um where social media has made everybody seem accessible. And while this keeping up with the Joneses phenomenon is not a recent cultural trend with the later half of the baby boom generation even getting the name generation Jones to represent their hyperconsumerous mentality. The reality is that this constant comparison is now being driven by the complete collapse of traditional societal achievements. Take this 1949 video of a Detroit union auto worker explaining how his family entered the middle class for example. Bill begins by describing how his wife Julia spends every Saturday morning visiting the five local grocery stores to find the best possible deals as feeding six mouse is an expensive responsibility. While Julia finishes her shopping, Bill goes through his checkbook looking for any additional ways to stretch out his paycheck. And after scrimping and saving every single penny, they were finally able to put a down payment on a new home costing $9,925. In other words, this video demonstrates how a single income could once provide for a family of six and purchase a home worth roughly $134,000 today. Today, 77% of American households with a dual income cannot afford the median price home. And compared to just a decade ago, Gen Z is not only facing a collapsing job market, but also paying 31% more for housing, 46% more for health insurance, more than twice as much for car insurance, and is projected to pay approximately $145,000 in rent by the time they turn 30. And while 30% of Gen Z have been able to own a home by the age of 25, higher than both Gen X and millennials, 78% required help from their parents to afford the down payment, the highest of any generation, where 50% of parents with adult children are now providing financial assistance, averaging $1,474 a month. But for the 52% of young adults between the ages of 18 and 29 who are still living with their parents, or for those who do not have access to unlimited parental capital and are watching the opportunity of a steady career and home ownership continuously slip out of reach, many begin to question why anyone would be incentivized to save when the cost of nearly every essential item is already beyond reach. there's an element to which it's a valid point where you know at the end of the day if things like you know housing, education in the US, health care, uh you know the things that we all need to get by if those things are completely out of reach for you the truth is that another 20 or 50 or $100 here and there is not going to move the needle. I do think that there's a certain aspect to which that mindset becomes self-sabotaging after a while because it's generally not the extra 20 or 50 here and there. It's it's that happening over and over and over again. And obviously that does all add up. you know, if it's truly just, hey, I want to have one more Stanley bottle. You do you. Um, but a lot of the times it's that mentality slipping into every aspect of life where it's just this, it's just that. And obviously, you know, that does add up to hundreds and thousands over the years. Um, but yeah, I mean, I I understand the defeist mindset where it comes from and and there is a certain validity to it where if you genuinely don't think you're ever going to get the things you need in life, it seems pointless to try to sacrifice the things that are going to make you temporarily happy, right? like we look at at sacrifice as a means of getting somewhere. So, okay, well, if I, you know, avoid buying this, this, and this or if I skip this event or if I, you know, cook all my meals at home or whatever it may be, I'm doing this for a purpose. I'm doing this to get myself ahead somewhere. Um, and if that's the truth, then that's great. But if you're going to do all those things and still end up in the same spot, then why bother? And while older generations continuously blame generational laziness, work ethic, and Starbucks as the only culprits behind one's inability to achieve societal milestones like home ownership, the reality is that this rise of luxury poverty did not begin with Jenzier millennials. It emerged from a period of immense cold war anxiety. Throughout the 1980s, a surge of research from psychologists and psychiatrists called for immediate intervention, warning that an entire generation was growing up with a profound sense of helplessness. The department of psychology at Harvard University stated, "This fear of nuclear annihilation fostered a sense of having no future, an anxiety that persisted into adulthood, influencing personal decisions like delaying marriage and creating a future generation." In England, the School of Humanities and Social Sciences described a similar trend, writing, "The threat of nuclear war involves an overwhelming threat to the individual's future, that he or she will have no future, that there is no point in planning for marriage, children, or career. And according to the Department of Psychology at Illinois, there's also cynicism, sadness, bitterness, and a sense of helplessness. And as this generational anxiety took root, it collided with an American economy entering one of the most turbulent periods in modern history, where rising inflation, disappearing manufacturing jobs, and stagnating wages forced households to rely on a new financial tool simply to maintain their standard of living. The credit card. The widespread American adoption of credit cards during the late 1970s and 80s emerged from a perfect storm of economic pressure, deregulation, and cultural engineering, reframing borrowing as an expression of personal freedom and upward mobility rather than financial risk. With income stagnating and the cost of living rising, credit cards were now the preferred tool to fill the widening gap between what people earned and the standard of living that they were promised. By the mid1980s, sophisticated advertising campaigns, airline reward programs, department store cards, and the normalization of debt as a lifestyle tool transform credit from a financial safeguard and into a cultural expectation, embedding borrowed prosperity into the foundation of American consumer behavior, where today we are once again repeating the same exploitative strategy with buy now pay later options. >> With the buy now pay later, they advertise it as though it's interest free, which is not always true. There's some disingenuousness there where it's like, you know, it's interest free with certain terms, but 41% of people who take out those loans wind up getting hit with late fees cuz they miss a payment. And those late fees come out to about the same as credit card interest. So, they're not really doing you a solid in any way. But more important than even the the late fees or the interest payments is that people see a purchase being broken into four payments or six payments. They just see a smaller number and it doesn't register the same in their brain. So, if instead of spending $400 today, you're only spending a hundred. you know, you're going to spend 100 four more times in the next few weeks, but your brain sees only 100 today. And it allows you to justify it, I think, even more so than a credit card does because, you know, you're not taking that whole that whole balance out once. I I think that easy access to to credit, easy access to consumer credit and consumer debt is one of the ways that pushes luxury poverty forward because if you can keep the masses satiated by letting them have all these small little wins, by letting them have access to these, you know, small purchases, and when I say small, they're bigger purchases, but things that are not necessary, right? When you can let people have access to the things that they want and give them that instant gratification, they're less likely to fixate on the things that they really can't access that they really need. >> And while the consumerf facing branding frames BNPL as a budgeting solution, the merchant-f facing reality demonstrates the magnitude in which these services are truly just selling behavioral manipulation. According to Clonus merchant data, adopting the service leads to a 40% increase in average order value, a 40% increase in conversion, and a 46% higher purchase frequency than the average shopper. And because the business model relies heavily on late fees, repeat borrowing, and the rapid recycling of debt, BNPL thrives most when shoppers are financially strained, turning this luxury poverty trend into a revolving balance spread across multiple apps and scattered due dates. And while nearly half of buy now pay later users are already paying late fees on their loans, the National Retail Federation now projects a record $1 trillion in seasonal spending. Adobe estimates that 20.2 billion of that will be financed through BNPL alone, an 11% increase over the last year, with 67% of parents relying on the payment method just to afford the holidays. And as his broader economy drifts deeper into an everything bubble, this cycle of endless consumer debt is pushing the American workforce into one of the largest wealth transfers in modern American history. >> I think we're definitely in a bubble of debt. And and I I think I talked about this one of my videos. I I don't have the answers for where this is headed, but what I see it as is people are increasingly accumulating larger and larger sums of of consumer debt that they're never going to be able to pay off. Traditionally, when you have debt Hi, buddy. Traditionally, when you have debt, uh, you know, if you can't repay that debt, your assets are seized. And we're now going into a generation, a few generations of people who have no assets to seize, which means that what the governments are going to be writing off the debts, I suppose, or or the the creditors are going to be writing off the debts, and somebody's going to, you know, the governments always bail out the big companies and the banks when that happens, they're certainly not going to take that loan, you know, on on their own. And I think that it's very likely that that could lead us into another, you know, depression situation where, you know, the the governments bail out the creditors, they bail out Visa, Mastercard, CLA, whoever, and it puts us all in a bad situation. But when people don't have property and they don't have investments, they don't have assets that can be used to pay off their debt, where is that money going to come from? And I think that there's a certain aspect to which people who have no assets also recognize that they can spend unlimitedly and there's no consequences because what are you going to do? You can't bleed a stone, right? And to just further expand on what Nicole is saying, I think the unfortunate reality is that the societal framework in which we've been used to for the past 80 years, I truly don't believe that that exists anymore. And I don't think that there's any way that we can get back to that. There isn't just going to be a reality where there's a single person's income that could provide for a family of six, buy a home, have a car or two, have a dog, be able to go on two vacations a year, have weekends off, work 40 hours a week. That just that isn't going to exist. I I think the entire societal framework is moving in a different direction. And there's definitely a part of me that wants to just be pessimistic and say that it's going to be awful. But I think that it's important to always have hope in some regard. And I don't pull any hope from our leaders. I think our leaders are atrocious. And that's the reason why I don't necessarily believe that we can get back to that societal framework because all we have are geriatric leaders that are uh you know they want to argue over who who's better or whatever who can keep their eyes open longer. And the everyday person is struggling. They are hurting. And nobody talks about that. Nobody. And and so I I I I I live the situation with our leaders both in the corporate and the government side of um being disappointed but not surprised. I find I get my hope from people from from you, from the comments, from the the random stranger I see on the side of the road, from the uh the interactions I have in real life. That's where I I get my hope from because I do believe that um if if at some point we could come together and that doesn't even mean all of us, but just a small group and we found some sort of way to be able to um rebuild in whatever trajectory we're going. I think that we have the opportunity to set a far healthier foundation for society to grow on. With that being said, I think that it's crucial that we begin to recognize what it is that we work for. What it why do I feel like if I can't purchase these essential items that the only way I can feel um gratified, the only way I can feel satisfied, the only way I can treat myself is with a luxury item. And I'm not even just talking about like a Gucci bag. I think going out to a nice meal that is luxur that is luxurious um going on trips and vacations and these experiences I do think that they're important in life with balance but I think that if you're in this there's no hope for a better tomorrow let me burn the candle on both ends today I just think that that's a very dangerous reality look at what happened with baby boomers it makes total sense why they would believe a tomorrow doesn't exist and yet it came and now we're paying the prices of having a massive generation that never thought about tomorrow, that never thought about the next generation. And so I want to ensure that that doesn't become us. Give me a quick moment. I have to turn the light back on. And and so for that, I think that we have to really do our best in finding what what can we be thankful and grateful for right now that even if I can't afford the essential items and society speaking, I'm really struggling and I could go do a Door Dash order or I could go get a some sort of luxurious item or I could go have a nice dinner or I could could go do some of those things. Are there ways that you could you could still be gratified doing something differently? Um to to maybe remove the the veil just slightly. This year is obviously coming to a close and so um I had my lease for my apartment go up um or come to an end at the same time that I was kind of reflecting on this past year. So, obviously the channel has grown substantially and I am so grateful for that. Um, financially speaking, it's been uh it's been a good year, but I made the conscious decision to turn down about six figures worth of brand deals this year. And I did that because many of them I didn't use. I didn't feel aligned with them. I really couldn't stand that some of them alluded to that my audience was just a bunch of broke losers. And I'm not kidding. Um, that was disgusting to me. Um, and so I I'm very specific in who I want to bring on because not only do I have to worry about my my reputation, my integrity, um, but I I I care about you. I mean, I don't want I don't want to put you in the crosshairs of a bad situation. That I think is insane. Um, and so, you know, there's mutual respect on both sides, and I it isn't worth it to me to just have a little extra money in my pockets to do that. Now, with that being said, um, my apartment complex has unfortunately become, I don't want to say dangerous, but I mean, it isn't rare for a car to be stolen. It isn't rare for a car to be keyed. My my car has been keyed. Um, it isn't rare for um, you know, a certain smell to be coming from a lot of different people's apartments. Uh, a lot of litter on the ground, things like that. Um, [clears throat] and and and a lot more things. I also live in a very small apartment. So, for me, I uh go to sleep, I stare at my desk, I wake up, I stare at my desk, and I already only sleep for about four or five hours. So, basically, work is the only aspect of my entire life. And I I I had the goal of moving somewhere a little bit safer, a place where I could maybe have a little bit better of a work life balance. Um, and a place to where I could maybe have a little bit more room to where I could put my desk somewhere else. Um, or have a second bedroom. Now, because the, you know, as you can see kind of what's happened with the channel here recently, um, I ended up having to sign for another year. And, you know, there's a lot of frustration in that. It's knowing that this place is only going to get worse and I'm already burnt out and all of these things. And I understand that you might be thinking you need to take care of yourself. You need to balance. You need to do all these things. I I get that. But what I have found within myself is that while society these things are frustrated, I don't need these things to feel good about myself. I don't need those luxurious items. I get so much fulfillment from the work that I do, from knowing that I had the I had the luxury to say no to them. That to me is priceless. I am not willing to bankrupt my soul just to make extra money. And so what I've begun doing is going outside more, breaking away from the apartment, going to this local cafe that I like and doing work there. And and being more creative has forced me to experience things in a different light. It has allowed me to be able to help people uh throughout my local community in ways I wouldn't have been able to do so before. Um and and it makes me just realize how grateful I am. I get an immense amount of emails and comments from you all and I'm so grateful that you guys are so transparent in what it is that you go through and what you recognize is that every single one of us is going through some sort of challenge and I think that if we just look at man just the fact that I can afford rent that is a luxury that is a luxury alone. Yeah, I probably won't be able to ever have a house but at least I can have rents. I can have a little place that's my own. At least I I can do this, right? I can go to the grocery store and I don't have to budget myself to oblivion. Like, I can get the organic French onions every now and then. Yeah, I I I think that if we start to look at luxury as peace of mind, as um integrity and honor and a way to be able to help out people, um you know, it's a great feeling knowing that I can talk to a waiter or something at the cafe and and be able to give them a little bit larger of a tip. you know, I'm I'm able to do that because I didn't bankrupt myself for these uh societal luxuries. Um, and I don't know if this is making sense and and I feel like I'm talking too much about myself, but I think it really is important that even in the darkest of times, you do look for some sort of glimmer of hope, some sort of light to be able to guide yourself out. And don't let that light be some sort of material good. have it be your friend or your family or the the person you're able to help at your job or, you know, the fact that you're able to drive the the car that you once wish you could have had or the home you once wish you could have had or the family or all of these things. I think a lot of us are living lives that a decade or so ago we would have done anything to be able to have. And if we just stop and we pause and we enjoy what we have now, I think it makes us have the time and the energy to pursue something different. and and hopefully that's a closer community. Um, with that being said, I obviously don't think that as a whole, society at large, America is going in a good direction. That's what my whole channel is based off of, but that doesn't mean that the communities within that can't be going in a better direction. So, um, ultimately, uh, I I I just kind of wanted to share that. I really hope this video was able to provide value to you. Um, I did a full hourong conversation with Nicole that's available on my Patreon. So link is in the description. Um her channel is also in the description. And if you don't mind just checking to see if you are subscribed to the channel, if this video provides value to you, um if you don't mind just making sure that that that is uh taken care of, I truly do appreciate it. I hope that you're doing well and I look forward to talking to you next time. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AccordingToNicole [433 likes]: It was a pleasure chatting with you Damon! 🙌🏼
  2. @floeckchen666 [1 likes]: You are a good man Damon Cassidy.
  3. @johnfrederick6213: Oh, boo hoo! Gen Z and millenials.... gotta have SOMEBODY to blame for their under-achieving failures.
STOP WASTING MONEY!!!
These expensive gaming systems that they spend THOUSANDS of dollars on, and then waste literally HUNDREDS of hours of non productive time dicking around on, the $9 dollar lattes, the car payments they cannot afford, uber-eats and eating out, buying lunch every day at work instead of bringing it from home, the bazzilion subscriptions they buy....
And these irresponsible douchebags point the finger at US???
CUT YOUR OWN WAY THROUGH LIFE, AND QUIT PISSING YOUR MONEY AWAY!!!! 
Their failures? Are staring directly back at them in the mirror every morning.
🫵😠🖕
OUR only failures in this? Was not kicking their asses and leaning on em hard enough as parents to grow into actual FUNCTIONAL AND PRODUCTIVE human beings instead of victims and whiners.
  4. @marcowikstrom5556: That’s exactly where they want people to be: deep in debt, addicted to crap they don’t need, dependent on work for healthcare, and an unhealthy lifestyle that results in chronic illness. It makes for obedient workers who won’t quit their jobs. Work all your life, then die. That’s what the billionaires want.
  5. @ashtonj.5518: I live in Memphis Tennesse and every and i reslly do mean every apartment complex" smells a  certain way" move to mud island if you ever come cause the licals will point you a for a natk and act accordingly. I say this with concern i assure you
  6. @Libertyforgetv: I disagree about bailing out these bnpl or credit companies because they have a hand in approving the credit line. Where is their accountability. They intentionally give loans to people they expect not to pay so they can charge fees. So why do they deserve a bailout.  Let them go under and new companies will start.
  7. @MortarionXx: I have educational debt im an idiot 13 year old me should have had critical thinking, financially responsible and ignored the brainwashed "education" i got 13 year old me should have know better and learned not to trust gen x or gen b in high school oh well lessons learned
  8. @malypivo79: What do you want. Pat on back for being good boy?
  9. @thatWonKrnGuy: Dude you're looking great, good shit brother
  10. @joedugan5840: I've got major depression and generalized anxiety. I've been dangerously depressed and haven't had a day where I didn't think about ending it in legitimately 12 years. Everything that I thought I'd have by now hasn't been affordable for me from medical debt. If I had more financial stability I could maybe afford payment to reduce my debt but I struggle to barely get by financially.
  11. @Whiteowls4532: Monopoly protections have ceased and we all live in the company store.
  12. @sweet_as_honey: These pampered little brats will be the 1st to go when shyte hits the fan...no oatmeal lattes in borderland!!!
  13. @oldschoolgamer5113: Being alive sucks.
  14. @gianfrancofabbri-g4r3q: the home costing 100.000 is CRAZZY
  15. @dovahkate: Something that has REALLY made a difference in quality of life for me has been getting plugged into a church community. Even if you aren’t religious, I would recommend giving it a try. The fulfillment you can have, the community and fellowship, the service you can give, is all unparalleled! That’s not even factoring the ultimate fulfillment that you can find in Christ. No matter how awful our country’s economy gets, I never feel like I have no hope because I have ETERNAL hope through him 💜 thanks for all your videos and for the information you’re bringing to light, and the encouragement you give to us out here in the corporate trenches
  16. @Jessicad9304: That’s awesome that you turn down those brand deals, you’re playing the long game through integrity which is the right way to do things!
  17. @evil_eye-04: When I was a child I was upset I wasnt living in the USA. Now Im thankful im not american
  18. @ElDagoLoco: “Hope isn’t enough to save the world”
- Superman, Injustice
  19. @otter2206: Im grinding rn to clear my credit card after that it's a wrap for credit cards other than super structured purchases occasionally for credit score
  20. @crowbarviking3890: my lcd tv is 15 years old, full hd.
my phone is chinese and costs around 80USD.
i wear clothes from outlets and target.
i rarely eat out and coffee from the gas station is considered a luxury.
best case eating out is mc donalds basic hamburger without fries or drink.
last vacation by plane was 5 years ago. 
my last luxury purchase for myself was a 700usd "gaming" pc in fall of 25.

what is my job?