- Why Persian Rugs Are So Expensive | So Expensive: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hand woven with the finest materials including wool and silk, a single Persian rug can often take years and sometimes decades to create. A high-quality Iranian carpet can cost tens of thousands of dollars, with antique rugs fetching even higher prices. So, how are Persian rugs made, and why are they so expensive? Although several countries are associated with the term "Persian rug," authentic Persian carpets and the traditional methods of producing them originate in Iran. Every Persian rug is regarded as a piece of art which reflects the history and culture of Iran. There are many varieties of Persian carpet, each distinguished by their materials, patterns, and weaving techniques, from the floral designs of Isfahan in central Iran to the intricate, fine details of Qom carpets and the strong, compact Bidjar rugs from the Western Kurdish village. Gabbeh rugs, made in the Fars province of southwestern Iran, are perhaps the most traditional carpets, characterized by their bold designs. Narrator: Traditionally, Persian rugs are made from sheep's wool, which is boiled, spun, and dyed by hand. These bright and elaborate yarns are dyed with natural colorings from plants and insects. In many regions, such as Yazd, hundreds of weavers may work in the same factory at any given time. However, here in Fars Province, where carpet weaving is recognized as part of the UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage list, the materials are distributed to small villages for tribal women to weave in their homes. Narrator: The process of weaving a Persian rug differs slightly with each variety, but generally speaking, a bed of foundation material called warp is installed into the frame, called the loom. Starting at the bottom, weavers then feed wool in between the warp, tying knots called weft on each one. A highly detailed silk rug can have over 1,000 knots per square inch. However, most carpets are not valued based on knot count, but rather their materials, design, and overall size. Narrator: While some varieties of Persian rugs follow design specifications, gabbeh carpets are often completely improvised, with the weaver adding traditional motifs, such as goats, trees, and dolls. Narrator: The origin of these rugs dates back at least 2,500 years ago during the reign of the Persian Empire, which spanned across neighboring countries including what is now known as Turkey. The legacy and tradition of carpet making still remains there. In fact, in 2018, Turkey exported $1.9 billion of hand-woven carpets worldwide, far higher than Iran's total of $35 million. As such, Turkish carpets can sometimes be regarded as authentic Persian rugs. The most expensive Persian rug ever bought was a 17th-century Persian vase-style carpet, which sold at auction in June 2013 in London for $33.8 million. But despite Iran's rich history of producing handmade rugs, the tribal rugs produced in rural villages could be under threat from a lack of young weaving talent.

  Top Comments:
  1. @travelinglifetotheend.6950 [1 likes]: Weavers deserve better pay
  2. @AnasSheikh-o4h8l [1 likes]: Hindustan mein sabse pahle Kashmiri Muslim auraton ne shuru Kiya
  3. @samf.s.7731 [1 likes]: And yes, they're very beautiful to look at, and the new ones are super soft to touch. I loved laying down on them... That was my entire childhood 🥰😌
  4. @BADLT27: OMG, that looks like it will take decades to finish!!! NO THANK YOU
  5. @hibfursam7930: 😭😭😭
  6. @Ninja_Bryden: Man don't you guys love how we've been gaslit into accepting that actually making the product being the least profitable part of the chain as normal?
  7. @samf.s.7731: This thing is in every room in Iraqi homes, you can't walk into a room without one. 
Maintenance is a b word too
  8. @uoy-p8b: Napal rugs are the best
  9. @virginiagrundman4012: Mom had about $100k in Persians. I inherited her fetish😅
  10. @Innocuous365: Seems like a waste of time, only to have it walked on and not receive ur proper $ due.
  11. @andreaschulz459: A beautiful art! I like it very much!
  12. @jauvairiaali: Go to second hand market its completely crazy with persian rugs
  13. @chetanjoshi2159: No doubt.
  14. @gregartley211: We have 2 extremely huge rugs, 8'×12' both over 100yrs old. Extremely intricate design on one. Passed down from our Grandmother who got them from her mom. Yeah they're beautiful! Late nineteenth century.
  15. @FatBellyChemist1234: Expensive but great can't wait to book in my flight
  16. @Thelordmyhelper: As they are selling it expensively I hope they paid their worker accordingly 😅
  17. @berkayileri9954: s.a beyler Türk var mı?
  18. @alkelbulanforever: Because they put too much price on materialism. 
37 37 37
19 19 19
6X6 
❤
  19. @AntonioPereira-r1d: Brilliant
  20. @gps-01-bnm: ❤❤❤❤❤

- 48 Hours! Process of making $1000 Carpet. Rug Tufting technician in Korea: Kind: captions Language: ko 고품질 핸드메이드 러그를 제작하는 '무크스튜디오'

  Top Comments:
  1. @Factory_Monster [396 likes]: ※This video does NOT include any paid promotion※
※ 위 영상은 유료광고를 포함하지 않습니다 ※

📌무크스튜디오 유튜브(Mook Studio Youtube): https://bit.ly/3VFfQlr

📌무크스튜디오 인스타(Mook Studio Instagram): https://bit.ly/3VBqidM
 
 🎬촬영문의(Filming Inquiries):​ ​factorymonster2021@gmail.com

-I film for the company who are proud of showing how their products are made.
-팩토리몬은 제품에 자신있는 소상공인 분들과 중소기업을 대상으로 무료촬영을 진행합니다.

Copyrightⓒ 2021. Factory Monster. All Rights Reserved.
  2. @MsDewa222 [2 likes]: Это пиздец, потратить столько ресурсов на создании тупой картинки
  3. @TakeAsNeeded4Pain [1 likes]: Who tf is paying $1K for Homer rugs?
  4. @スイスイ0208 [1 likes]: 技術は凄いけどこの柄のカーペットを欲しがる人がいるのが1番不思議😂🎉
  5. @enzo198323: Does anyone know, or have any idea, where I can get that fabric they use?
  6. @mdmomin9115: Please mensan all tools name
  7. @AlexD-q8w: You're an awesome machine you know everything pink the blues the white used to draw the wallet and just drag me yes I like to work dude my aunt Alex I like to work I like to see what you can make more I will say I like this Grandma I like your Chinese food in your sushi and I like your your artwork yeah I like your sweets I got two restaurants thank you man
  8. @MelTheeQueen: 🤘🏼🫶🏼🤘🏼
  9. @cavini225: Processe e talento incrível, parabéns!
  10. @znai1438: Шикарна работа!
  11. @MdjubayerAhmad-x2n: এই মেশিন কোথায় পাবো
  12. @sebaleonardelli2742: Hola me encanta tu trabajo, son de los mejores que eh visto, te quería preguntar como se llama la tela que usas y donde la puedo conseguir porque acá en Argentina no existe. Saludos
  13. @karvak1492: A kukába nagyobbak dobálnak. Hüje aki pénzt ad érte.
  14. @karvak1492: too expencive
  15. @Univenon: I do this kind of thing by hand as a hobby. It's called Latch-hooking. I've never made anything this big, mind you, but I would like to try it someday.
  16. @Bigbaz-bj8io: This was brilliant to watch , great job
  17. @꽃혀늬: 강아지사진도 되겟네여 굿
  18. @TheSilkWinder: Good job
  19. @TheInvisibleOne1026: Copyright issues??
  20. @Oilyhands: $1000 😂

- Tufting A Big Rug: Kind: captions Language: en we filmed the production process of this rug because the customer asked for it the rug is made of linen and virgin wool which is exclusively produced for us the size is going to be 320x 450 [Music] CM it costs about $155,000 and it took over a week to make this guy's second name is perfection after cutting this rug it gets shiny now watch The Magic of this rug

  Top Comments:
  1. @kingrugss [46 likes]: Not what I expected for a 15k rug 😭😭
  2. @NatahPerrin [18 likes]: So many comments about the price and people saying $15,000 is   a rip off, yet thry arent the ones buying the piece. I 100% cannot afford a rug this expensive(yet) and dont know if i ever will want one. But the bottomline is that the customer paid and was happy so clearly the cost wasnt "too much" to  him/her. Also the quality of the products and the attention to detail( wether its a solid color or intricate design)  is part of the cost. CRAFTMANSHIP isnt cheap! If this is not something you want or can afford, thats fine. But there is no need to hate or say someone is "scamming" people when its clear the buyers are happy! Thays what matters

* for the ones specifically saying tgey could buy this same rug for $100, good luck. I mean you are right that you can buy a rug for $100 but you are also getting the cheapest material made full of chemicals and put together by a worker who is paid next to nothing and cares nothing about the end result or the product they are making. So if you have zero concerns and just want something "fast amd cheap", Temu is waiting for your order.
  3. @zap... [5 likes]: I bought one of these from Amazon for $120.
  4. @Willows4040 [2 likes]: I wouldn't pay 50 bucks for that garbage 🗑️
  5. @Jbusy16 [2 likes]: It’s the lines and wool. It’s very expensive and that takes a lot of material. Plus the amount of glue backer the detail to the finish work. All the equipment and workers pay. They aren’t making a ton like u think.
  6. @naziakhan5238 [2 likes]: Classy and beautiful..❤️
  7. @Paula19871 [1 likes]: For 15 k ill buy a Persian rug instead of this nonsense
  8. @itspooky1308 [1 likes]: quick question why is the rug 15k worth the price?
  9. @thecollectorofhobbies340 [1 likes]: $15,000 lol materials about 1000 14,000 in labor 🤣 😂 😅 😆
  10. @АйыжыСарыглар-с4м [1 likes]: What kind of backing do you use on the back of the rug?
  11. @YOU-kd5fb [1 likes]: when did machine made cost 15000$ 🤣🤣🤣🤣
  12. @soundarthater123 [1 likes]: is the shine achieved with the different colors of the lines?
  13. @705king [1 likes]: I’d pay him 15 cents for his trash rug
  14. @siriosstar4789: The ONLY reason it is 15,000 grand is because it’s one of a kind . TUFTING is the lowest of the low when it comes to quality , longevity and purity . If a latex glue is used it doesn’t matter what the pile is , it’s till a trash rug .
  15. @ZiggyPopWorld: I know the work and quality cost a lot but it just looks plain to me
  16. @trablini: я неочікував такої їуйні за 15к 
такі коври в кабінети міністрів паходу закупляють
  17. @WvvwvvwwVvwwvwv: Only $1,000.   Sounds like a low price for all that work and expertise for a piece of this quality.  
Someone got a real deal.
  18. @davidplatt8308: What is that tuft gun called?
  19. @Saalgooo: How can I buy your tufting cloth?
  20. @americanspirit9466: Omg 15000 and then its also synthetic wow😂

- The Hand Knotted Rug Making Process Of Our Luxury Designer Rugs: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Yarn Preparation & Dyeing. Hanging The Yarns Out To Dry. The Different Dyed Yarns Coiled And Ready To Use, With The 'Colour Maps' Of Each Design. '173NASH - Nevik' Rug Being Hand Knotted On The Loom. The Beautiful 'Glyph - Giza' Rug Getting Carefully Hand Knotted On The Loom. The First Stage Of Washing. The Second Stage Of Washing. Finishing The Washing By Hand. Helps With Softening The Wool And Improving The Quality Of The Finished Rug. After The Rugs Are Left Out To Dry And Stretched, They Get 'Binded' Around The Edges. Clipping The Pile Height Of The Rug Down To The Correct Size. Final Cuttings And Carvings Are Done By Hand To Precisely Enhance The Details Of The Rugs.

- The Art of Rugs | Shea McGee’s Guide to Style, Size & Material: Kind: captions Language: en-US - Okay, so you can talk about what you think is the most important thing to consider when you're picking a rug for your space. - The easiest way to mess up your room is to pick the wrong rug size And scene. - [Producer] Do you want to do that one more time? - "The Art of Rugs," baby. Rugs bring warmth, texture, pattern, color, and also functionality to bringing your entire space together. There are so many rules and there is so much to talk about. I gotta figure out how to narrow this down. Okay, today I'm going to walk you through size, materials and craftsmanship and how I like to use different rugs in different spaces throughout the home. Selecting the right size rugs makes a really big difference to how your space comes together. Plug to go Look through the "Art of Home" book. There's an entire section on selecting the right rug size. In your living room, start with this rule of thumb. Front two legs of all of your furniture go on the rug. I want my coffee table to fit all the way on. And then if you have ottomans, those can go all the way on or partially on, so you don't want your rug to look like an island floating in the middle of your living room. Rugs are the literal foundation to your space, and they are the connective point between all of your furniture pieces. In a dining room, I'm not looking at just the front two legs, I am looking at putting all of the legs of my chairs on the rug with enough space for me to be able to pull the chairs back and still have all of my furniture on the rug. If that is just not going to work in your space, then at least make sure that you can follow that rule on the side chairs and then just have the back legs of your end chairs hang off the end of the rug. When selecting a kitchen runner, I want to make sure that the length of the runner spans at least two thirds of the island. I personally like it to be closer to three quarters length of the island because that helps my kitchen island and the whole space appear larger. When selecting a rug for your bedroom, you want to make sure that there are at least two to three feet on the sides of your bed. I wanna see even more than two to three feet at the foot of my bed. You don't want it to look like your bed is hiding the rug. I do not like to put a rug underneath the nightstands. I always pull it forward so that the appearance of my room looks larger and my nightstands don't look slanted. I know you're gonna ask me what do I do if my room has carpet? It depends on the type of carpet you have. For me, if you have a higher pile of carpet that has any little bit of tufting or shag that gets kind of matted looking, but if you have a lower pile, then I think it's totally fine to place a rug on top of that. I always select those lower pile carpets in homes so that I can layer rugs in bedrooms because it makes it feel more complete to me. Let's talk about materials and craftsmanship. I'd like to start with wool. It's durable, it's natural. It stands the test of time, and they are a higher quality than a manmade material like polyester. It is the type of rug that I use the most in all of the homes that we design at Studio McGee. Within the wool category of rugs, there's different types of construction and therefore quality. So a tufted rug feels a bit more like carpet. It's going to give you that plush feeling under your foot when you're walking through your space. It also has a little bit thicker profile to it typically. Then you have a hand-knotted. This is the highest quality. They are stunning. Our rugs at McGee and Co. are hand-knotted by weavers that really know their craft. They are pieces of art. If you have one that looks more vintage out of the gate like this, it means we share it across the top to give that vintage effect so it's a little bit lower pile. And pay attention to the binding. The binding is an indicator of the quality of the rug. With wool rugs, you just need to know that because it is a natural fiber, there's going to be a little bit of shedding at the beginning. But that's to be expected, and after a little bit of time, that will go away. And when you look at those gorgeous antique rugs, they are wool and they're a hundred plus years old. The next category of rugs is natural fiber rugs. Seagrass, jute, sisal and many of them are solid and they'll incorporate patterns or they'll have a braided trim, part jute and part wool. And I love this look because it gives that organic, natural, sometimes beachy look. And almost every home that we design incorporates at least one because it helps break up the pattern that you see in wool rugs. But it is not going to be the plush feeling you get when you're walking across a wool rug. I also love to layer jute rugs and seagrass rugs with wool. So let's talk about indoor outdoor rugs. I love this type of rug. We at McGee and Co. use recycled materials, and they come in all different patterns and sizes for you to use outside with your patio set up, or you can bring them inside because they're so durable, you can hose them off. We've worked really hard to make them soft, even though they are outdoor rugs. It helps bring all of that furniture together so it is an extension of your interior. The next category is synthetic rugs. This is an entry point rug. If you're just starting out and you want a beautiful pattern rug that feels great, this is where you start. But then as you evolve over time, I would encourage the investment in a wool rug. A synthetic rug is also a great choice when you're just looking at pure durability. Okay, let's talk about where I use different styles of rugs. So you have a large open space and you need to incorporate multiple rugs. I would encourage you to use one natural fiber rug like a jute or a seagrass near a patterned rug with color so that they're not competing and you pick one to be that pattern-heavy rug. You can see that many of our designs are inspired by vintage rugs, and also we're really mindful about how we put the colors together so that they transition between whims of pillows and different trends in your accessories. They're intentionally designed to feel relaxed and lived in, but have classic patterns that will stand the test of time. Whether you're drawn to timeless wool, laid back jute, or performance ease, there is a type of rug for every room and every lifestyle. I hope this helps you feel confident to go into your space, start measuring, and also, you're going to have the right information when you're shopping for the right rug for your space. (soft music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Thats-nonsense-t3k [7 likes]: Newbie here... How do you figure out what color rug to use?
  2. @janetbof4 [4 likes]: I truly am not attempting to cause conflict here. I have spent so much time on your sites looking for rugs today and this video came up on my feed tonight. I need 9 rugs and feel overwhelmed. I was so sad to read your reviews on trust pilot. Is it true you still don’t take returns for refunds? Do you sell swatches for every rug that can be returned for refunds, and lastly, do you state in each rug description if there is latex backing and if any rug is a printed rug? 
Thank you.
  3. @Audezoe [2 likes]: Bonjour, j’aurai tellement aimé vivre et travailler dans votre pays et region, c’est super magnifique et inspirant. L’amour des beaux arts sans prétention j’adore!
  4. @caseytustin9778 [1 likes]: Sheep are kicked, punched, stomped on, and have their necks twisted in shearing sheds. Investigators uncovered extreme cruelty in wool supply chains on multiple continents including the United States, South America and Australia. Please watch PETA’s investigations and buy animal-free rugs and furniture.
  5. @SANTOSHmohil-z8l: Hello
  6. @BushraTravel112: 🎉🎉🎉👍👏👏
  7. @sourandbitter3062: Rich people... It's obscene
  8. @bobtheaccountant-k6d: What if your living room is too wide for a standard size rug.  Can’t find one big enough.
  9. @e.kserver4172: I have a dark grey floor but I’m indifferent between beige and a dark grey rug
  10. @jb9201: Why would anyone put a rug in the kitchen?  Not practical
  11. @davidjwillems: So basically, add 3 feet to each side of the rug size you think you need.
  12. @zethu4u: I absolutely loooovvvveee Shea's design would love it if we could get her rugs and other furniture from South Africa
  13. @kathymcgraw1588: Do you happen to offer a paid consultation if I were to send you a photo of my space and you provide several examples of the right carpet? Thank you.
  14. @interiordesignanddecor: Love your videos! ❤❤❤
  15. @janeth.3283: The music was a distraction, awful!
  16. @pinkythompson645: Shea your taste is exquisite !!! could you also tell us where your top is from please ?
  17. @pinkythompson645: Does anyone know where Shea's top is from??
  18. @DeborahTompkinsSmith: I watched to learn the difference between the various types of natural rugs - Jute, sisal etc. can you advise?
  19. @tiffanycurtis4794: SHES KILLIN IT IN THAT THUMBNAIL 🤎
  20. @Fly_Girl1234: Which rug type should I get if my dog will have an accident on it eventually? I will need to wash it or use a hose with dawn or SOMETHING.

- How to Choose a Rug for Your Home: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone it's nick welcome welcome back to my channel today we're going to be talking all things area rugs we're going to be talking about size we're going to be talking about design style we're going to be talking about budget uh materials i'm just going to be going over the whole thing everything you need to know to buy an area rug as always with my videos uh time stamps and all the product descriptions and everything are linked and all down below so you can check that out first let's hear from our sponsor before we get into the rugs okay and then that brings me to today's sponsor which is omaze now if you're not familiar with how omaze works here's how it works you basically go onto their website and you make a donation to these wonderful fantastic charities and you can also win amazing fantastic prizes now omaze reached out to me directly because they really wanted me to talk about this amazing dream home so they've got this really beautiful four bedroom four bath dream home in austin texas they've got this amazing high-end kitchen with has this gorgeous walnut cabinetry these really seamless contemporary built-ins that i really love so you can enter for a chance to win this beautiful home but at the same time you're also supporting an amazing wonderful charity so it's a win-win all around and the charity for this campaign is folds of honor and folds of honor is a non-profit organization that is providing educational scholarships to spouses and children of fallen soldiers and disabled service members and it's just a really wonderful charities to support so you're able to enter for a chance to win this beautiful home and at the same time you're also supporting a really wonderful charity as well so to potentially win this amazing dream home in austin and also to help support folds of honor please go to home.omaze.com nick lewis okay so first things first let's talk budget so there is going to be a lot of variation between the drugs that you're maybe going to find at ikea or even wayfair uh versus some of the ones you're going to find the more hand knotted sort of wool rugs that you're going to find that we're going to discuss in this video those are going to be a lot more expensive budget really does play a huge role here now there are some low budget options that can be really nice um and they can be quite durable i'm going to give you some examples in this video but i think it's just really important to know that budget is going to determine what rug is going to make sense for you if you are looking to go for a little bit more of an investment piece i recommend you can find some really great rugs online just really look for hand woven and hand knotted because those are going to be keywords that you're looking for going to be a little more expensive but they're going to be a lot more timeless and a lot more durable and more beautiful for longer okay now the next thing i want to talk about is design style because um although you can sort of go eclectic and you can pull sort of different things together which can be super interesting and create kind of a signature look for yourself it is important to know that there are different design styles for rugs just as there are for other decor pieces that we talk about on this channel all the time so you've got vintage you've got boho you've got scandi you've got traditional you've got contemporary you've got mid-century modern right so really understanding those different design styles is going to heavily impact which rug you're probably going to end up choosing so if maybe you're going for something like a scandinavian space you might be looking for something a little bit more of a natural material uh you're gonna maybe be going for white you could be going for touches of black you could be going for more of a natural look so something like maybe a jute rug that would work with a scandinavian space if you're going for mid-century modern space you might want to go for something geometric with like really bright colors then maybe pull in some of those really funky colors that you have in your space if you're going for that sort of a look or perhaps if you're going for a boho really funky and eclectic or as i mentioned in my boho video you might want to layer different rugs together that can be a really cool uh look if you're going for something boho so definitely be mindful of design style again there's so much room here to like play with your own kind of personality and bring out different rugs that you like and you can absolutely mix different design styles together that is always interesting and encouraged on this channel but if you're maybe new to design and you're trying to figure something that really looks cohesive sort of stick to a specific design style or a couple of styles because in many ways you want to kind of design from the ground up and so that rug is really going to sort of set the tone for the rest of the furniture pieces that you have in your room also in regards to color and texture in order to make your space feel really cohesive consider repeating the patterns that you maybe have in other places in your home so in the room that we have right here the rug that i have has a lot of blue in it and that makes sense because you might notice behind me i've got a lot of blue in this room so i really use the rug as a way to sort of repeat the color over and over again so that the space feels really cohesive and it feels like it all belongs together so by using that color and uniting it with that color the space feels like it all belongs together okay so now let's talk about material so material my advice there is to really think about where these rugs are going so if you're looking for a rug for a really high traffic area maybe it's for a kid's room or an entryway or like a mud room or something like that i would go for something like maybe a polypropylene or a polyester those can be rugs that are very durable they are oftentimes washable which makes them really easy to care for over the long term because these are rugs that are going to get dirty you know that and so you want to be able to wash them regularly and you know they're going to be there you know for months and years to come because you don't want to keep replacing those rugs over and over again so going for something that's maybe a little bit more of a delicate fabric i wouldn't advise in those areas so really consider kind of really durable materials for those types of spaces okay next up let's talk about wool wool is a great material um especially for like living rooms it's very plush think really cozy and sort of really luxurious i love wool rugs again if you know see the budget section that we talked about earlier if you can going for something like a hand knotted rug is going to stick around for a lot longer it is going to stand up to wear a lot better than sort of the machine made rugs that you're going to find in some of the big box stores so i find wool rugs really makes a difference in terms of budget uh but i do think wool rugs are really beautiful and usually kind of my first choice when it comes to choosing a rug especially for something like a living room okay so two other materials i'm kind of kind of put in the same category is viscose and silk so these are really luxurious fabrics they're really beautiful really soft and gorgeous i do not recommend them really for high traffic areas i wouldn't put this in a hallway i wouldn't put this in a kid's room i think these are rugs that are just really delicate and beautiful okay so the last material i want to talk about here is jute jute is a material i feel like i talk about on this channel a lot um and for good reason like i feel like jute um it sort of embraces a lot of sort of the net warm natural tones that are just very trendy right now but it is also a really rich uh material that feels quite sophisticated but is also very durable so this is again ideal for those entry ways uh but it's kind of got a little bit more of a sophisticated touch than you would maybe see in something like a polyester rug it has a very sort of specific texture to it which might not necessarily fit in something that's a little bit more of a maybe an elegant or a traditional formal space so maybe for something like that you might want to go with the silk or wool options but i overall think that jute is a really sort of rugged but sophisticated option and can work in a whole bunch of different okay next up let's talk about size because when it comes to rugs size really matters okay so i would say that sorry i'm all flustered so when it comes to picking out the size rug for your space i would advise a couple of things first of all get the rug that is big enough to be able to accommodate all the furniture but not so big that it's going to sort of bump into the edges of your wall you don't want to carpet the space the point is is not to install a carpet on your hardwood the point is is to put a rug on your hardwood so you are going to want a little bit of space around the edges of your rug so that it's not completely wall-to-wall but you want to make sure that spatially it's going to be able to accommodate all the different furniture pieces that you want to put on the rug which let's talk about so i would say that there are really couple of ways that you can do this so the first thing you can do is put the front two legs from sort of your sofa or your side chairs or whatever on the rug but then have the back two legs off of it that's kind of like the half on solution i really like these for apartments or smaller spaces because realistically you're probably not going to be able to put all four legs on top of the rug otherwise you run the risk of doing what i just talked about where you've carpeted the whole room so you don't really want to do that so i would advise the half on half off solution is really good for sort of smaller spaces smaller living rooms if you have a very large living room and you can accommodate a much larger rug then i would and you can afford it because they're really expensive then feel free to get the really large rug and put all the furniture legs of your sofa and your side chairs completely on the rug that is a very grand and elegant look i think it looks really beautiful if you can do it but again you have to have the space for it you have to have a really large living room number one and two you have to have the budget for it because these rugs get very very expensive so you want to consider those two things before you decide that you want to put all the furniture legs on the rug but the half on half off is definitely a good option and of course you've heard me talk about this before make sure that some of the legs of your furniture are on the rug don't have the rug where it's sitting in the center and you just got the little coffee table sitting on top i've talked about that a few times we don't do that it just looks really dinky looks stupid don't do it so you want to make sure some of the legs are on to pick the half on half off or put all the legs on the rug and make sure by the way this is especially important with rugs make sure you measure before you buy sometimes you think these measurements are going to be really standardized and you're like oh i'm just going to go buy a rug oh i'm just going to go buy a couch and then i'm good to go not necessarily these things are not as standardized as you think especially furniture so you really want to be getting out that measuring tape measure out exactly what's going to make sense literally tape it off on your floor literally get out your green painters tape measure out an eight by ten a nine by 12 whatever measure them out and see what's going to make sense and again you're looking for a little bit of breathing space around the rug you're looking for making sure that it accommodates either the front two legs on or all the legs on you know pick make your decision there um and then start shopping and the last thing i want to talk about is to have fun with rugs so rugs are one of those things that are like it's like an art piece it's another piece of art that you're putting on your floor that's really going to help ground your space so some options to having fun you can use them as wall decor i've seen that that can look really really cool and also start to like layer your rugs we talked earlier about doing that in a boho space but you know if you've got a scandinavian space and you're doing something really cool with layering rugs you go have at it that sounds really cool like you just have fun with the design have fun that's what i try to do on this channel right like we don't take designs super seriously we just try to have a little bit of fun and rugs are a really great part of that because they're really just like art for your floor so other ways that rugs can be great is to really also rethink where you put rugs so we all know that you can put rugs in a living room that's like the classic place to put a rug but what about over a dining room you know you want to be careful with those crumbs so maybe be mindful of the material that you use but a dining room can be really beautiful put it in an entryway you could put it in a bedroom you can put rugs in the kids room you can use a in place of a bath mat you know you don't necessarily have to use a bath mat if you want to find a beautiful rug that would fit in a bathroom that's sort of bathroom friendly that can look really cool you can do a runner in your kitchen if that's really sort of a look that you're looking for it kind of creates a little bit more texture and pattern uh in your kitchen and sort of mixes it up makes it look a little bit more interesting so lots of places you can use rugs you don't just have to use the rug in the living room although that's obviously beautiful as well but really have fun with it outdoor space i just did a video on outdoor patios and that was one of the things i talked about is maybe able to use an outdoor rug because rugs can be really helpful in grounding your patio space as well so there's lots of different rooms that you can use rugs really have fun with them have fun with color have fun with texture play around with design style and make it your own that's it for me for today's video you guys i touched on rugs in small spaces and i'm going to link to that video here if you want to check it out i mentioned rugs there in passing and give you a whole bunch more tips there so i will see you all in the next video thanks a lot bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nick_Lewis [42 likes]: To potentially win the Austin Dream House and support a great cause go to https://omaze.com/nicklewis.  Thanks Omaze for sponsoring this video!
  2. @BrawndoAid [8 likes]: Video starts at 1:30
  3. @emiliebova [6 likes]: I went to Turkey and bought a hand knotted oriental rug- what an amazing work of art! I warned my kids to use it after I die. Don’t give it away.😂 it stands up to pets and grandkids beautifully.
  4. @svetamatvey [2 likes]: We tried to buy a rug for living room, but still don’t have any. We’ve ordered a lot of different colours, but all rugs were returned. It’s really very hard to find exactly what so you want and what you see in your head 😊
  5. @BenNordVPN [1 likes]: "A little more expensive" who else has $5000 burning a hole in their pocket? I didnt know youtube was that profitable Nick
  6. @DerrickJLive: So helpful, thank you!
  7. @signalfire6: I keep seeing WHITE RUGS under a dining room table. REALLY?
  8. @RafunLi: Found this video right after I ordered a rug... awesome xD
  9. @deehubs1353: Jute is very messy, leaves little fibers all over and underneath the rug. But they do look great.
  10. @olenabi: Jute looks nice, yet I guess it’s not easy to clean.
  11. @pennycooks1389: How could I decorate with a thick  Chinese pink wool rug
  12. @gabrielagurova5232: Hello Nick!  what do you think about iute rug in a kitchen? I am not sure if to go for it or not (not sure how to maintain it clean)
  13. @stephenagnew670: Here I will make it easy don't buy wool sisal jute or viscose an you will be rite
  14. @kalliemj: Do you have any videos on layering rugs? I have a beautiful white braided rug that’s 10x14 but my cats keep throwing up on it and it’s impossible to clean so I’m considering either replacing it entirely or layering a rug on top, something that’s stain and spill resistant, easy to clean but I have no idea how to do it. I’m scared the top rug will look cheap.
  15. @gervoi: What do you think of wall to wall carpeting? Maybe layer a nice Persian on top of it? thanks
  16. @Sotweetie: Wow - I have found myself so far back in the video catalogue that the clock is working! 🕑💖
  17. @pruetoricangirl: Thank you
  18. @paoloperez9062: How do you like or what do you think about a round rug about 8ft under a piano around 5ft that leaves about 2-4ft from edge of carpet to walls?
  19. @Thelastdance7363: still got that tacky clock
  20. @NancyFord-yt2nu: Until you have kip or knee surgery and the doctor tells you no area rugs...ever to trip over or to lift the walkers over😊

- What to Look for When Buying a New Rug: Kind: captions Language: en you know rugs rugs are kind of a tricky thing there's there's that information gap between the customer and the uh and the seller and you know you always hear that stigma of you know these rug stores and you know you're not don't know where to negotiate you don't know what the real cost is what are you getting it's a little overwhelming and confusing so i mean again it started with my dad going over to places like india and pakistan and you know bringing them over picking out the best stuff and really offering a fair price i mean we really don't like to negotiate we like to you know it is what it is but you're not going to find it anywhere cheaper or at least that same product you won't be able to probably shop it i mean it is going to be the best bang for your buck i mean i've seen plenty of rug stores out there and uh again there's a reason you know there's not too many of them left it's a you know hand knotted rugs are kind of a dying art but we really think specializing in that gives our customers something unique special that they can afford and i mean this selection i mean it's it's not easy to keep all these rugs here it costs money but you know if you come down to farmville and really take that time out of your day out of your weekend and make an investment like a rug like i want you to be sure you're getting as much value as you can

- Simple Steps to Tell the Difference Between 3 Main Rug Types: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I'm Dan Crawley and we are at the Raleigh store and I'm with Robert the right guy he's gonna show us some of the most important rugs a green front take it away I like to show you two two most important rugs in the store there's three kinds of rugs you're gonna come across a machine made handmade scrap and hand knotted now and forever the way to tell a machine made rug is simply flip it over and look at the edging if you see the edging and it looks like a sewing machine put it on in this case an industrial sewing machine it's machine made a good eight by ten machine made rug building 7 Farmville Virginia 195 please use your best judgment when spending thousands of dollars for something that's a bail available in Farmville for one ninety five and an eight by ten second drug is marketed as handmade hand woven handcrafted wool I like to call this fake usually the giveaway is the fabric on the back they can call it handmade because it's a tough thing to held by hand but a tough to you and I is a staple and there's three things about this type of rug if you read reviews about rugs that stink it's the glue if you read reviews about rugs that powder it's the glue and everyone knows about wool rugs that shed when you shear a sheep it creates long raw material they save it for hand on it what they don't tell you is where they make rugs they take all the scrap and REE spin it so while they'll say humane wool I consider it punched and glued scrapped so if you read reviews about rugs that shed all the time that's what you're buying is scrap again this is a decent rug 8 by 10 for 195 building 7 in Farmville Virginia there are some on the market for thousands of dollars please use your best judgment this is a 195 rug the third type is hand-knotted people like to say you could tell from the back I disagree the proper way to tell here not it is take the rug from the front pinch it and you can see the individual knots one knot at a time one row at a time and more importantly it's sheared wool from a sheep which is longer raw material and will not shed lastly on a hand-knotted rug when they're nodding around or pulling not down so they're smooth and rough now watch the colors change against in that the light is trapped in it's darker and lifting up the light reflects in its layer and then again thank you Robert most of pretty much everything is hand-knotted so we are trying to give you the best of the best and stop by Rowley and Robert Smith take care you

  Top Comments:
  1. @resolveresearch3298 [14 likes]: Years of work and wisdom, for free in less than 3 minutes. This man is a legend.
  2. @conrad2379 [10 likes]: I just want to commend you for a video that gets to the point and wastes no time. No “hey guys”, “wanted to get video out for you guys”, “I’ll tell you guys all about xyz in just a few minutes”, “later in the video we’ll be showing you guys”, “remember to like and subscribe” and all the other filler bs. Thank you!
  3. @Dxn6alc03Belod7m1o [4 likes]: Wow! I learned more about carpets in under 3 minutes than I've learned in my 60+ years! Thank you SO MUCH. Why the heck doesn't this video have thousands of views? I'm going to help promote it because I think it's important info and Robert is awesome.
  4. @byrdwatch [4 likes]: Home transformations should always start with Robert!! Not only is he an expert at what he does but most importantly, he cares about your vision. Your happiness is his only motivation! Talk about knowledgeable, personable, helpful, passionate, sincere, humble, enthusiastic, tireless... the list goes on! He is the expert you didn't know you need in your life!
  5. @BlackTortoiseOfTheNorth [3 likes]: This was clear and to the point
  6. @whizkid235 [3 likes]: Holy shit can I take this guy with me and my wife when we go shopping for rugs please? Nothing I can say or do will get her to understand that hand knotted is the best
  7. @saundersbuck1 [2 likes]: Robert is an absolute beast
  8. @alXmarkW [2 likes]: Great vid, great walkthrough thank you Robert!
  9. @deemdoubleu [2 likes]: Awesome
  10. @dwaynelexington6446 [2 likes]: This is a wonderful video.  Thank you!
  11. @NicoleandCoop1 [1 likes]: Dang it, I spent like $800 on the Arvin olano orrel wool rug and it sheds like crazy. This is great info
  12. @Alex_N_Lowe [1 likes]: Commenting for engagement. Hands down, the best video for explaining the types of manufacturing. Short, direct, and I learned about how lighting affects the colors of hand woven rugs. Very nice.

Now you guys need to make a video explaining different styles (Moroccan, Persian, etc). I can't seem to find a good video that covers that.
  13. @Sierra-l9w [1 likes]: Damn Rob, I feel educated now
  14. @babiesnflowers [1 likes]: Great teaching! Thank you
  15. @SyedMehdi-sd7np: How much does the hand made one cost? Also I'm guessing it takes a lot longer to knot it?
  16. @EcstaticTemporality: Thank you for the concise explanation
  17. @dessyedeeclark1144: Thanks for the quick and elegant way of educating the public. You truly care. I am a weaver and raise my own sheep. Recently I acquired a large vertical loom that has high tension. I am hoping to make my own knotted rugs this winter.
  18. @automate_beans: Heck yeah Robert! Straight and to the point.
  19. @LitiaBanana: Wow! I love this video, thank you for sharing your knowledge!
  20. @jflsdknf: Thank you

- Exclusivo Mezcla Luxury Blanket, Watch Before You Buy!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello hello people of Amazon so right here we have this beautiful flannel fleece throw blanket now as you can see here it's a super elegant and beautiful blanket I really really love this one and I love the fact that you can get it in many different colors so you can decorate it differently in your house how you like it now here as you can see it's super soft really really nice material super comfortable to the touch and these they just add that extra luxury comfortability to your bed and to your life with that smooth smooth softness it has as you can see so right here we have it in this fine red color as you can see it has this fine beautiful red high quality color and yeah you can get it in many colors and sizes so just make sure you get the right ones for your needs and here's another good thing that you could actually use these for I've even experimented using these on the beach and uh unlike picnics like grass grounds and so on and they just hold up really well for whatever purpose they're used for I would highly recommend these throw blankets and they're super super soft and it's a beautiful little treat to treat yourself with now this blanket is super super comfortable and super beautiful and as you can see this is super beautiful and elegant looking it's super comfortable and super soft to the touch super smooth as you can see really really beautiful blanket and as you can see it comes here in this fine red color and yeah overall a really really beautiful blanket and I definitely do recommend this one

- Hermès Avalon blanket - is it really worth the price?! | Prettite: Kind: captions Language: en we probably saying like what did you think going to Pemex and purchasing a blackhead hello guys welcome back to my channel my name is support and I am filming today another seat style video on my humus Avalon blanket which I just have yeah for you to see it's in this beautiful nude brown of white colors as you can see on this corner and it's pretty difficult for me to show the entire face because of its size but I'm gonna insert footage how it beautifully drapes over our couch that's where basically it resides and I think but I think I'm sure I posted last week a picture on my Instagram which I'm gonna insert somewhere over here as well when we got our new cushion pillows for the couch from me sony home I really loved the combination so I took a picture and post it in there and that was a moment actually when I decided that I had to do this review because I was sort of following the same path for reach I fell saying that I don't want this to be taken like that I'm regretting purchasing this item because to be very honest I'm indecisive about it I just wish that the future buyers out there who will be like me looking on line for pros and cons of this particular piece to be more informed about what comes with this pricing now when we talk about if something is worth the money there is no one clear ultimate answer to that of course it depends on your financial condition because for the ultra rich people probably that's not made a big deal they buy it if it doesn't work or suit their lifestyle to just put it away that's it so if you have a list of we like things which you want to achieve and buy in a particular yeah and this one is on top of your list but you're not really well-informed all the negative sides of course that's sort of a downer because you might be really disappointed in what you got and I doubt that this item keeps the resale value especially being a home where and that you could get rid of it as easily without making a big loss so financial aspect plays a big role another point is that things which anyway one particular person might not be say for another one so when I'm talking about the negative sides that might be less relevant or important for you but at least good to be formed about it now to get to the point everyone knows that and this album blanket is sort of called a Birkin of home where it is like a ultimate accessory for every stylish household out there okay every bit exaggerated of course but that's how I fell for it I'm scrolling through Pinterest number of beautiful houses that was a piece which was in almost every beautiful interior dripping on a beautiful couch or on the stool in the nurseries even so I was always wondering like who buys such an expensive blanket for nursery but obviously it just got into a so much that the idea settled in after a while as you know blanket is made of the mix between wool and cashmere which makes it super luxurious cozy even my husband who is not into brands at all loves this blanket especially with this neutral colors which which holds it beautifully blends in our interior and also it's a statement piece saying that it blends in at the same time it stands out because of this big age which is imprinted on four corners of this blanket as you can see as for the measurements the length of the blanket is 165 centimeter with paired with 135 centimeter in a week which is not a world I am petite girl and of course for me it's more than enough I can cover up myself completely with it but for normal size you want or be like larger size human body I think that is barely enough no talking about like cuddling up together under the blanket that's almost not really possible with this blanket but to be very honest even when you scroll through on any like social media platform this particular piece is used as a decorative object on couches or in the interiors rather than as as a full blanket which is something interesting and I wish I would have known before I got it I am against buying items which are not very useful in an everyday environment I don't like buying things and just putting them aside just to look pretty or just to look at um in a home interior that can be that can be something which I can contemplate at least but with clothing that is big no-no for me everything I buy I want to use and that is the only purpose with which I'm purchasing an item when we got this blanket first few weeks we directly started to use it and it was so beautiful and I loved it that stole the feeling under it was really amazing but I noticed the thing that it was peeling like crazy it was peeling like you have not seen anything else it was just removing the layers and layers of the blanket every time you fold it together I was just wondering what is wrong with it I I didn't buy it in the shop I would have wondered if it was fake but obviously having a mix of merino wool and cashmere creates this peeling effect which is something you cannot get rid of so I contacted some other instagramers who have this blanket as well and they just confirmed to me that their blanket does the same thing and I think this is fair to put it out there on internet so for people to know it especially with the price tag this blanket retails for 1200 euro it's a blanket after all so yeah when you think about it that you're buying a blanket for the price and can't even use it it's a bit ridiculous so after a few weeks of using I just went ahead and bought another blanket for another 200 euro which sounds absolutely insane to me which we are using at the moment and this one just plays decorative piece in our living room so yeah now I want to also emphasize that I'm not a person who babies their item I used all of my bags I just pay normal attention like any other item which is not a luxury good or carry this insane price tag I just care for them I just don't drop them on the ground or don't trash them around but I don't give it a special treatment those are things and things are supposed to be used so that is my philosophy but with this particular blanket my mind almost blew up seeing how much it was feeling so I just couldn't stand seeing everyday this blanket getting deteriorated especially with the price it came with I think that was the reason why I decided to go ahead and purchase another blanket which is absolutely insane to think how much blanket for a couch has cost me you know now why I went and bought her mess blanket will be probably saying like what do you think going to Pemex and purchasing a blanket so um yeah obviously I know that when purchasing something it happens you're buying a name and it is no surprise to anyone that I am sort of into branded things if you are following my channel you should definitely know that about me so I was everywhere and what I was getting into and I was contemplating between the tea or blanket and this one because I love both of them the cannot run on the PTR look so so beautiful also you find lot more reviews on the dior blanket in comparison to the MS avidin one even though this is so much longer out there and it's a classic since 90s yeah at least I couldn't find any information with regards to that I'll be very honest as well saying here buy that I went there too as well place my wish list for her Misskelley which is something you have to sort of Erin when shopping at her mess you're not really readily given this handbag just like that even if you have have enough money or you can afford it or you wish to afford it and so that was one particular reason which pushed me a bit in the direction of splurging on the home where peace which was still already in my mind and I liked visually it comes very bad probably for many in a very snobbish but I'm really really not snobbish person it's just the truth I am into luxury goods and I am purchasing them but in the communication with our sales associate we discussed many topics even having cats and what that could mean with regards to owning self-aligned cat it never really kind but the peeling never really was a topic of discussion he never really mentioned anything with regards to that so I already had this blanket in my head because of all the imagery which I have seen all over so it was something which I wished for myself but it was not like one and only blanket which I was contemplating I liked also the Dior blanket and as far as I know that one doesn't have any peeling issues and so yeah it was between that one and this but then what played a big role in deciding for Hamas blanket was my wish list for cat hair mask any so if there was not the bag topic in game I have to be very honest I don't know if my toys pragmatically would lie with a heavy mess blanket as opposed to your wine which is as well insanely beautiful yeah I just wanted to be very frank and open about it I know a lot of people find it shameful and they just say that this is that dream blanket yeah it was a beautiful blanket which I've always wished for myself like I wish for myself and a little bit on trunk but it's sort of unrealistic right now and I'm not like thinking that without owning that my life doesn't have a purpose it will be saying for this blanket I don't know if I would have just stood up anyway doubt and bought this blanket if it was not a topic of the neck purchasing this makes my chances for the back that up who knows it's not written anywhere that if you purchase being said a mess that you get a better chance I just anyway liked it and it was anyway gonna purchase one or another designer piece and that's just how it happened I feel like they repeated myself 20 times but just wanted to put it very very clear and honest out there so yeah I think that is it for my review of this blanket I do not think of anything else which would be important in relevant at the moment but if there is anything which I've missed on and you have questions please leave the comment in the comment section below I will definitely check it out and answer you within my knowledge and within my capabilities so feel free to do that I think that was a good idea to discuss something which hasn't really worked hundred-percent for us at least as I imagined it so if you are interested I will be as well posting my worst purchases over the last few years because I just started to this video this channel this year so it doesn't make sense just only focus on 2020 and and if you're interested in such kind of video please stay onboard alike and subscribe this channel of maybe ring the bell if you want to be updated when I post I post two times a week or once depending on time sometimes looks at times sometimes sit-down videos and I will be very very glad to see you back over here for now I'll say bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Natashea [4 likes]: Ughhh I really want it but this makes me second guess, I may get the christian dior one instead. Thank you for you honest review!
  2. @LesleyAdina [4 likes]: Such a shame the blanket seems to be designed to only be “used” as a decorative piece. Thanks for pointing this out🤗 I wasn’t aware of this issue!
  3. @Magarita810 [2 likes]: You live and learn, they have cheaper blankets which are a quarter of the price and much larger.  Do not be fooled by the hype.  You can start a wish list without buying anything and get a bag also without a purchase history.
  4. @MadamMMStyleIcon [2 likes]: I’ve been wanting to get this H blanket. Thank you for sharing. 🧡🧡🧡🧡 Just subbed. Hope you’ll return the love as well and sub back too. 💞💞💞💞
  5. @billiexluxury [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing the TRUTH 🙌🏼
  6. @elitedealscollective [1 likes]: I cheated by buying the Hermes Rocabar blanket… outdoorsy kinna blanket we enjoyed it.
  7. @mwaka7280 [1 likes]: Thank you so much. I’m about to go and buy it tomorrow. You are a smart cookie. ❤️🙋🏾‍♀️
  8. @PEARLSJAM [1 likes]: Great honest review dear. It is nice to know. Thanks for sharing your thoughts. I just subscribed. Hope we can support each other❤️
  9. @chaiwellness: It’s pill or pilling, not peel. ;)
  10. @magnumbrown: why the fuck dont u show the blanket
  11. @princesshoneydrizzle: Wait I don’t get it how does it peel?! I have a few of them but I haven’t noticed anything Omg I’m getting paranoid am I missing something? I’ve only noticed that they kinda get lint on white sheets so tats bout it
  12. @bejielmag-aso7609: Only the price Hermes to much blahhhhh3x
  13. @ginajiang907: Sorry, my mother tongue is not English... because of Kelly bag I also thought about this blanket.. which is wrong with the blanket? The 170Cm u said it’s not enought big for 2 people on sofa? The quality is not worth it?
  14. @ChanellaHermesllaGUCCILLO: 💕

- Should You Buy? Everlasting Comfort Luxury Faux Fur Blanket: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] called Everlasting comfort and if you guys see my video I actually read a bunch of product on this brand before and then never go wrong it's always like a very high quality product when you guys do use any of the product but this time we do have a strobe blanket so much open up to show you guys what the inside looks like so I want you guys to open up here's what the inside looks like even see how it's honestly wrapped up and it's brand new let me actually open up the back part and then take it out to fully open up to show you God what it looks like all right so I put a back part here the very nice ribbon all right so guys fully open it there's a board in the middle and here is what part looks like so for this blanket they mentioned how it is a luxury blanket that's a reversible design so feel free to use on this side or you can flip it to our side and use it on this side as well both sides when you guys do fit the materials on here it is like a fox further material that feels really nice and really warm and cozy when you guys do feel it and it does have a little bit like a cooling effect when you guys do feel it which is really cool but the size of the actual blanket itself is like a scroll size blanket which is perfect for uh one person but big enough if you guys want to use it for two people it will help if I do stand right here I can fit another person right next to me if I want to and then weigh how you guys do maintain it is actually very easy you do have the option for a machine to wash and dry it using lowest temperature setting but they mentioned if you guys want to prolong the life of the actual blanket you do want to use it on no heat when you got tumble dry or you have to hang dry it which will probably take a little longer but right off the bat when I do feel the blanket itself it feels really nice it's not that heavy it's actually very lightweight but definitely feel how luxury the blanket feels compared to like a lot of other blankets out there in the market today so whether if you guys when he's at home an office or a software your couch or your bed wherever you're going to use it and however it's gonna use it that is totally up to you guys but that is everything that's on the product not unboxing and testing product not the end question of whether or not they're working on so for this part I do have to say that it's pretty worth it if you guys won't need one date especially if you guys in the market looking for a high quality luxury Road blanket the reversible that you use on either side and give you guys everything else I mentioned on here in terms of the warm cozy feeling as well then I do have to say that it's been worth it but then obviously for those guys who don't want or don't need one or heavy one teeth damage don't buy one and save it when something else actually do need so that's basically everything for this video itself if you guys like this video make sure to smash that like button in the bottom that will definitely help that video out and it'll definitely help with the algorithm as well to promote more videos for you guys so you guys can see more of the videos or similar videos as well but as always make sure to stay positive be you and I'll see you guys in the next episode of is it worth it peace thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @staffordmcanuff8675: It looks incredibly comfy

- HERMES UNBOXING: Avalon Blanket (Price, History, Review): Kind: captions Language: en I bought a thing hi friends I hope you're having an inspiring day we are doing a little unboxing today because there is a new addition to the family we are in my bedroom because I felt like this was fitting for this unboxing slash review I haven't actually done this section of almez's collections in my unboxings and reviews so I'm looking forward to it because obviously as you can tell I have a little collection growing in this part of the MS space as always with all of my designer style reviews and unboxings I like to kind of do a little disclaimer that you know luxury is first of all a very personal thing it is in no means something that you have to have it's something that means something special to you and that's what's important and I think that that's what luxury should mean it should symbolize something to you whether it's art or an accomplishment celebration whatever it is to you but it by no means means you need this item it's obviously a huge splurge and something that's oftentimes very unnecessary but nevertheless here we are amazed if you're unfamiliar is one of my favorite houses when it comes to luxury Brands I love their history and their Heritage I love sort of the quality of the products and what they stand for I love that craftsmanship is still at the center of their core and of their production so we are going to talk about the Home Collection today and there's a few collections I think are very popular at elmez and I think are also very Timeless we have the iconic MS orange bag here which comes with all of their products and before I get somebody at me because I feel like this is also something I have to say in all my videos is a French friend Hermes or Herms or Hermes her herbs I don't know there's lots of different ways that people pronounce it there is no wrong way but the brand is a French brand and is pronounced amaze so this beautiful item comes in its own very structured box very similar to their bags I think that kind of speaks to the quality of all of their items not just to their bags and accessories inside we've got our receipt here and these are always very important to keep if you're new to luxury purchases in general typically I do purchase them with the idea that they hold their value in mind and in my mind it is a little bit of an investment and so I do tend to keep all of my receipts typically in their box so they're all in one so that if I ever do decide to resell it or something like that or I have no use for it anymore the new person the new owner will have a full set is what it's called and I think the resale Market um not that I've ever sold any of my LMS pieces but I feel like if I needed to if the times were hard and your girl you know know had to part ways I could and like their bags it comes with this beautiful wrapping beautiful Ahmed ribbon now something really interesting about the ribbon sometimes they actually have their year stamp on them this one does not but sometimes in between sort of the logo and the name Hermes Paris you'll actually have a year on them and I love those ribbons because I feel like it kind of represents you know the time in your life when you purchase this item without getting super cheesy and into it and inside the box here now the boxes are not collapsible I have towers of Emma's orange boxes kind of all around my house because they they don't break down and they're really hard to stack and store but that is luxury isn't it inside of the Box you've got your beautiful tissue paper and new to the family is my new Avalon blanket now if you are unfamiliar with the Avalon blankets you will probably have seen them around they match the Avalon pillows that you see behind me and are definitely a big Staple in the elmez Home Collection recently because of the past two years of being at home a lot this collection in particular has been really hard to find the production doesn't necessarily always match the demand as is the case with a lot of Ms products but I have been looking for the full size Avalon blanket for a while now now it comes in a couple of different colors it comes in this dark gray it comes in this camel sort of brown color that you see here it also comes in their iconic orange you'll also find that there is two families of the Avalon family there are the Avalon ones or the classic Avalons and then there's the Avalon threes which have a few extra lines kind of running through the block pattern I am an Avalon one collector so I was really excited when they had this dark gray in store I do feel like this is not a trendy piece it is definitely a Timeless one in this especially in this dark gray sort of black color it may not be you know this light camel color that goes with a more Bohemian feel which is what my home kind of feels like right now but I think as I age into the style and the home decor style of my homes of later years I do think that this color is going to be a little bit more Timeless let's talk a little bit about the history of the Avalon blanket so like most things at elmes it does have a little bit of a history as to why it is so iconic so the Avalon blanket was first introduced in the 1980s it actually debuted not too long ago it debuted in 1988 but fascinatingly there was actually a book in particular that's credited to have made it the famous home staple that it is today so there was an author her name was Lisa burnbank and she wrote a book in 1980 which I believe is called like the official preppy guide or something like that and she quoted and named elmez's home pieces to kind of be the seventhav of like the who's who tasteful home markings description she basically credited having an almez piece in your home to be something that made you somebody now that aside I mean I don't necessarily think that's the case I personally just love the construction and the quality of the piece but I just find it interesting to know the history of how something came to be so iconic ever since you've obviously seen them in homes of celebrities these pillows and blankets are kind of thrown around as if they are nothing and they are indeed a very high price point and the design of the Avalon blankets were actually simulated and inspired by the horse blankets the blankets that they would use for the horses in their Staples to keep the horses warms to protect the horses underneath their Saddles things like that and it definitely has that Heritage kind of embedded within it the original blanket that was ever created was actually 90 Merino wool and was made in Scotland nowadays you'll actually see on the label here the blankets made in later years including this one they're actually made now in Great Britain uh they are 90 of Merino wool and 10 cashmere and so you actually have this incredibly soft yet warm feel to these blankets the question obviously remains whether or not you decide to use it as a blanket blanket or not or whether you decide to use it just as a Decor piece I'll show you how I plan on styling it on my bed sort of in this home area towards the end of this video in terms of a review I obviously love the Avalon collection as a whole so I kind of knew a little a couple of things that I really liked about it this blanket is beautifully created it is a woven in a way that really keeps its shape no matter how you kind of use it it always snaps back and that's really due to this beautiful stitching and hem around the corners of the blanket now the blanket kind of has two sides to it you've got this darker sort of Classic front side but a lot of people also style it on the back which has the opposite look to the front now as you can see it's dark on the front here and then the colors are reversed on the back side all right let's talk about pricing next because it is important of course now I purchased this in Toronto and here in Toronto the price of the Avalon blanket 90 wool and I say that because they do also have full cashmere versions um it was 1700 which after taxes came out to 1921 so yes my friends this is the most expensive um blanket I think I will probably ever purchase in my entire life it does ironically cost more than my bed uh but it is to me an iconic staple to have in your home it does need to be dry cleaned only so hopefully we'll be able to do that quite a bit and uh be able to make sure it lasts the test of time but I think that a classic like this that you can see every day in your home is at times and arguably even more valuable than let's say a designer bag because you literally see it you use it every day a lot of people do use it some people don't I intend on maybe using it like for a date night or something special like that when we're cozying up on the couch but other than that it will definitely be a sort of decorative item okay so we have a queen size bed and as you can see it basically just scratches the edge of the bed if I were to lay it out fully it basically covers I'd say 60 of the bed this is not how I would probably use the blanket but just to give you guys a size comparison and a full view of the front of the blanket so this is not typically how people will style it they'll normally style it kind of Fold It Up like this this is the opposite side the beige or creamier side of the blanket the back side they'll kind of fold it up like this and then they'll lay it at kind of the foot of the bed and so it kind of gives you a sort of I don't know a little addition to I don't know the side of the bed I mean I don't really plan on using it like this if you were to kind of fold it up you can kind of lay it out on the edge kind of like this some people do it like that um I have seen people use it at the base of the bed uh it probably would look better with the darker side at the base of my bed you can also kind of fold it in half like this and drape it kind of at the foot of the bed I'll finish it to kind of show you guys what I mean here you can kind of fold it like that and then have it at the edge so that it gives you like not the full blanket look but just kind of like a a little footer of the bed so we don't have our blanket ladder out right now but sometimes we do have a blanket ladder kind of on this back wall here and a lot of people would kind of hang kind of like in the corner here um add like a decorative piece on a blanket ladder some people would kind of just leave it on the edge of your bed here with your pillows or something like that there are a bunch of different ways how to style it I feel like a lot of people do tend to use it kind of just for photos it does look kind of nice like that when it's a little bit disheveled as well but honestly it's a blanket so I mean the way that you would normally use a blanket I think is the way that it should be styled so for me on the bed a lot of people also like to drape it on a chair so this is not my first foray into the Avalon blanket I actually first picked up the baby blanket in this kind of creamy taupey color but it is a very small blanket because it's meant to be for a baby and so it wasn't actually functional I think if you like this color it is specifically only available in the baby collection it's also quite difficult to find it took me a little while to find this one but a lot of people will kind of use the Avalon blankets as a chair drape so you can kind of drape it on the chair kind of like this um in a nicer way I guess you could probably style it in a way that looks best for your home uh the dark on dark probably isn't the best combination but I just wanted to show you that you know it is a chair decoration as well and that is it for my Avalon blanket unboxing and review I hope you liked this I have not ventured into the home decor sharing space on my in my content typically uh but I do feel like it's something that I'm super passionate about it kind of Falls within the same space I try to look at my Home Investments kind of the same as I look at my luxury wearable collection in that I wanted to be intentional I wanted to be something that lasts the test of time and if I'm investing a lot of money in something like this blanket similarly to my bags I really want to understand the value behind it and so hopefully this helps you if you are thinking about getting an Avalon blanket or an Avalon pillow in your home as well let me know if you'd like a almez home collection video I have collected a few pieces across the years nothing huge but little pieces or no furniture or anything like that although they do make those um so let me know if you're interested in that but other than that thank you so much of friends for for being here as always if you're new to the inspired family we would love it if you join us and subscribe and with that I hope you have an inspiring and cozy rest of your day remember that kindness doesn't cost a thing and I'll talk to you guys next time bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @stewart335 [1 likes]: The Avalon is made my the Scottish mill Johnstons of Elgin who also make Burberry, Dior, Chanel, and Louis Vuitton cashmere products
  2. @Sarahhh [1 likes]: I definitely would like to see a comparison with the baby vs the regular one. It does look nice but probably more of a wish for me. 😅 I would say do a home collection haul forsure
  3. @ShiShiz620: I really like the baby blanket. I like the color too. Do you have the video talks about the baby blanket? I want to see it.
  4. @cristycastillo259: Too much talking
  5. @paulinefromfulham: I just ordered,  can't wait for it to arrive
  6. @stasya_berezovskaya13: Great review helped with choice ✨
  7. @HughJarse69: Your intro is completely spot on. Luxury means different things to different people, couldn’t agree more! Love the video
  8. @ChrisPurser: Sorry man but anyone who pays 1800 for a BLANKET is mental.  Good for the company for ripping people off for decades, bamboozling the weak minded shoppers into the delusion that a BLANKET could ever be worth the same as something like a full semester of college or a used car or a months rent. It’s A BLANKET.
  9. @StephN28: I’m dying for an Avalon blanket and matching pillows! Love the dark gray! I have two little messy boys though so my husband isn’t quite on board with getting them at the moment haha
  10. @nancycastro6965: How much is the blanket
  11. @bp2304: Hi. Where is your necklace from?
  12. @cherryho3818: Do you prefer the pillow in the large size or small? Thx 😊

- The Best Blankets of 2022 - Our Top Picks!: Kind: captions Language: en a good blanket is a good blanket yes I could not agree more but everyone is different so some people might want a heavy blanket that keeps them cozy all night long and others might want something lighter and a little bit more breathable yes no matter what you're looking for in a blanket we're going to help you find the right one and take a look at some of our best blanket picks so first up we've got the Cozy Earth bamboo blanket so this has this really nice fuzzy texture without feeling scratchy it's not scratchy or coarse it has a really pretty satin border yeah that makes it have this like a classic blanket look I had one that looked like this as a kid so this is yes it's bringing back some memories but I think the ones in the past weren't as nice as this so it's made with viscose which is derived from bamboo which makes it one of the softest bedding materials on the market so this blanket is a really good choice if you have sensitive skin and you get you know things kind of a little scratchy on your skin yeah so bamboo is grown organically and the bamboo based fabric resists pilling so you won't need to worry about losing the softness over time and in fact cozy Earth's 10-year warranty really long 10 years is a long time to be able to replace your blanket actually covers pilling as a defect because it shouldn't film so it's gonna hold up and look good yes so you don't have to worry about anything with this blanket it comes in Twin full queen king and baby sizes I like that um so it's fully machine washable it is a little bit expensive but it's a really solid long-term investment since the fabric is so durable yeah we really love this blanket cozy Earth bamboo yeah it's a great choice all right Lacy so sometimes you want a lighter blanket other times maybe in the fall or the winter you want a heavy blanket and this is the satvo organic velvet Diamond quilt now the full or clean weighs a little under nine pounds and the king and the California King weighs a hefty ten and a half pounds so after your blanket is going to be great for those cozy or chilly nights probably not ideal for those warm nights it's also oversized so you and your partner can guess get the benefits of a blanket like this and as you can see it's made from this cotton velvet material which is quite luxurious yes it is yeah it feels feels soft it feels quite warming there's also a soft cotton per kale on the back side of this too to provide some extra soft you get the diamond quilting on this one to give it I guess an heirloom look cool yeah fancy term no saatva says you can wash and dry this in your household washery dryer yeah it's a bulky blanket um if that's your choice yeah if you have a big washer and dryer yeah you go right ahead that's the only thing you're going to be put um saatva also recommends that you do spot clean or even if you want to step up you can dry clean it too to minimize the wear and tear you get lost a little bit longer yeah yep now this is made from an organic cotton that's certified by gots and that just means that the cotton meets the highest Global standards for sustainability so with this soffit blanket you're getting one that as we said is quite Hefty yep it's going to keep you warm almost weighs as much as a weighted blanket almost yeah uh it looks great it's gorgeous and it's going to be ethically sourced yeah I love that stop that great works Alpha next up is The Buffy puffer blanket you love this blanket now Lacey's giving me a look because she knows I love this blanket I kind of have an unnatural love for this blanket all right first of all it's a great multi-purpose blanket it's durable it's stain resistant which I can tell you from first hand experience I have two kids we take it to a lot of soccer games it gets spilled on a lot and it's held up quite well you can use it in your bedroom uh you know curl up and take a nap with it you can use it outside for a picnic or yes I do take it to soccer games every weekend it's a throw size so it's not too big it's just kind of a perfect picnic size blanket easy to roll up throw in a bag absolutely it was in the trunk of my car now the fill is down alternative made from recycled plastic bottles there's about 30 plastic bottles in each blanket it feels plush and it's Airy but it also is quite affordable too this is available in four really nice colors I have the orange in my car but this is an earthy red it's kind of a muted very nice Brown almost yeah um the shell of this blanket is made from a smooth breathable fabric made from tencel and it's also wrinkle resistant so you put this in your wash dry it up and uh it's gonna look just fine now as I've been saying this is an affordable blanket shipping is free for those of you in the US now what's kind of fun is if you order the blanket Buffy's not going to charge you for a week they're going to allow you to try it out and if you like it and want to keep it then they'll charge your credit card after that you hundred full days to test it out see if you still really like it um but Buffy puffer man I uh I love my blanket you do you think that's it so next up we have the bowling Branch waffle blanket so this is really really nice it's lightweight it's breathable so it's really great for those hot and humid summer nights and you can almost see my hand through it it's really soft it's made of organic cotton so it's like the sofa blanket and it has a gots certification so the waffle texture it really makes this blanket feel exceptionally soft it's so flowy and breathable it does come in a twin full queen and king California King sizes they're good options yes and what's really great is that they are all oversized okay which I really love yeah it's fully machine washable love that and the cotton is a long staple variety so it's durable and it will hold up well over the years so you'll have this blanket for a while and this one I mean as busy as this waffle pattern looks it's also quite elegant yes it's striking in its Simplicity yes like nice little classic blanket and it's available in nine different colors so there's some versatility too the waffle blanket here so bowl and Branch waffle blanket I like I like this one so next up we have the berubee cotton Napper so this is actually a weighted blanket and it's made of organic cotton Yarns that are blended with spandex so it has like a bit of a stretch yeah it's really cool it's a body hugging weighted blanket that can reduce anxiety and help you fall asleep more quickly so the yarn feels thick and durable but it's also soft and smooth so it's kind of like a well-worn knit sweater oh yeah that's a good feeling really nice the weight comes from the layered Yarns so there's no beads or pellets you don't you know there's nothing moving around in there so the blanket always distributes weight evenly and there's no noise when you adjust it like you'd get with one that has beads also the open knit design is really breathable so the napper's not going to trap heat like a lot of quilted weighted blankets yeah it's a nice trick you get the weight of a winter blanket without the heat yeah and it is available in different weights so you have a 10 15 20 and 25 pounds so you'll want to use the 10 rule the Blanket's ideal for people between 100 and 250 pounds and you do have a little wiggle room in either direction yeah it is sold in five colors yeah this one is the Moonstone gray this color I think would go with everything yeah I mean you could put this in your bedroom your living room I mean the design of it is really versatile as well but then you've got the colors that kind of fit with everything it also comes in a darker gray midnight blue rose and white it is exclusively sold in throw sizes so it is designed for one person can't confirm get your own yeah okay um it's unlike a lot of competing weighted blankets in that you can wash and dry the entire Napper in your home machine so it's competitively priced we love that has free shipping within the contiguous United States and 30 night return and exchange window I mean it's all unique yeah so the bear B cottonapper if you're looking for a weighted blanket that you can use in All Seasons voila it's a great choice well that's it for this one everyone so for more on each of these blankets as well as some of our favorite blankets of the Year visit sleepfoundation.org yeah I hope you can [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @stephensloan4933 [32 likes]: Jesus loves us he’s coming back soon turn to him ❤️
  2. @hassana395 [28 likes]: Bro with those prices I’m sleeping with 15 tank tops stitched together
  3. @marissa32 [5 likes]: I had a blanket with a satin border around it as a child, and the satin border came detached and wrapped around my neck while I was sleeping. 10 outta 10 experience.
  4. @lauraduncan2549 [4 likes]: I love a really soft, over sized, heavier blanket.
  5. @Lucario9d [2 likes]: ive been trying to find a video like this, but it seems like no one is talking about it!
  6. @gabriellel249 [2 likes]: That Saatva blanket looks nice.
  7. @Rebecca-zr3lu [1 likes]: Blessings in an abundance of the faith. I salute you. ❤️❤️❤️🤍🤍🤍Blessings in an abundance of the faith. I salute you. ❤️❤️❤️🤍🤍🤍Will you believe and receive Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal saviour??? I do. ❤️❤️❤️🤍🤍🤍🌎🌍🌏
  8. @harrison1671 [1 likes]: Wow, $400 ...
  9. @deannaspencer8988 [1 likes]: All Stores Please Lower the cost of all Military and Local for all Brands of Blanket Products and Accessories and Production Cost Now That's too much $$ The Whole World Now 🙏🙏🙏
  10. @deannaspencer8988 [1 likes]: All Stores 900,000 Please Lower the price of all Brands of Military Equipment and Local for All Brands of Blanket Products and Production Cost Now 900,000 That's Too Much $$ 900,000 Now The Whole World 900,000 Now 🙏 🤲 🕍 🕌 ⛪ 🛕
  11. @s888one: Bamboo blankets sound amazing, thanks for the rec
  12. @r-slickmartin4501: I was interested in that Boll & Branch Waffle Blanket bike. It looks to be too expensive for what I’m looking for.
  13. @AsianKod: YO WE NEED MORE BLANKET REVIEWS PLS🙏
  14. @getalife3111: I had a tiger blanket when I was a kid I miss my blankii
  15. @tarsala1995: 300 dollars for a blanket? And ... on some linked pages most of the reviews are fake
  16. @mkscott12: I just bought the Teddy Bear blanket from lululinens and sooo comfy
  17. @raminard: Links? Please
  18. @DeannaSpencerSpencer-ej2xw: All Stores Please lower the price of all Military and Local for all brands of Blanket Products and Accessories and Production Cost Now That's too much $$ The Whole World Now Pray
  19. @DeannaSpencerSpencer-ej2xw: All Stores Please lower the price of all Military and Local for all brands of Blankets Products and Production Cost Now That's too much $$ The Whole World Now Pray
  20. @jenifergreenwell450: I love the look of the Bearby Cotton Napper, but since I only use a blanket during cold weather, I think the Saatva Velvet Diamond Quilt it the one I would choose. So luxurious looking!

- ESCAPE | Holly's Story: Kind: captions Language: en are you happy to tune in with us yep i'm holy smart 46 and i'm originally from the rightlook right would you say you've regularly escaped from life yep run away silly things which are no nervous silly things i i have eye can you elaborate on what i'm saying well my main issue in life was drugs which is a big issue um the past what um 32 years i've been taking some sort of drug rather where were you living in the peaking of the election the peter mcdrug addiction i was in soccer homeless do you still live there no no chance no um i believe i would never before actually after about a year and a half before my mom who hadn't had any contact with seven weeks it was time to live on that was time to ask for help have you ever died i i have been i've overdosed on heroin three times er the last time was uh approximately six years ago and a house in that lock where um i can remember going in and taking the hair on in the kitchen and i came to the back of the ambulance when my shirt brought up took them and they had to give me an adrenaline tag to bring me back i was totally i was gone they said my heart was only being an estimated one beat every 15 day four beat summon which was one beat every fifteen things right now you you seem to be a little better off you move the place area have you seen a better quality of life since moving on to there definitely the last five years the february gene's the 32 years of experimenting with drugs has been the best five years in my life moved away for the rap lock at the village and i'm really doing really nice the best i've ever done but i'm still i'm no not taking any melody sometimes occasionally still take and uh amphetamine and ecstasy back forward but i didn't touch heroin or any heavy drugs like that i'm on a methadone program which ties me here chemist six days a week it would be seven days a week but shot on a sunday so i'm thai turkish six days a week which means at nine o'clock ah candy day actually not only in my life until um i've had my method in the morning um also in diazepam every day as well which i get away daily because i can't wait for would give me a month to supply that time i was eating in two three days and of those perspective to counter act physical ailments or mental ailments we had to counteract the mental health side being a drug addict because i've realized after getting clean off your own that what's left me mentally is absolutely it would scare the show my mental health is absolutely atrocious i've been diagnosed with drug induced psychosis uh i'm on a tablet called the fetus for the depression for the depression side of things and one killing myself trying to kill myself uh doing stupid things irrational being irrational sitting bleeding for disney no eating no washing no being able to do who's work and some will affect me for that of the president for the psychosis side of things i'm on a tablet called the lanzapine which is another psychotic tablet i'm on 20 milligrams which is a max among those for that take out the side closest side of things because i was convinced that i was convinced horrifying horrifying horrifyings waiting a little bit heaviest weights offer the heart attack and i've heard my hair still goes into spasms on her tablets it's left my heroine as the main drug that's really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me right now anyone will [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me up definitely but heroin has done any establishment mental health side of things is scary i want lots of me to sniff the day for the rest of my life how long may that be and you still clash yourself as having a better quality of life i've got a hell of a little better quality of life definitely the biggest issue was thinking because they the damage that you did to get the drugs stole my mom's jewelry and i've done thanks to my family that you've been a dream again and just like you you just get here and convince you that you nothing nobody there's any love bigger than the love for herod starting off from the work i would never come back to their outlook no way no no no there's too many i have discovered myself and realized that i've got a very addictive personality and the people that associate me in the rap book i realized that all have been coming within these drugs would you say that makes it more accessible obviously because i'm fed up like i know everybody ended up looking exactly where to go what to do any day and how to do it whereas nobody really knows me i don't know i think the day and and it's good because there's never looking good you're going access drugs or let me embarrass myself or put any machine learning already have done on my family to go and learn myself to ask anybody for dogs never no not the last five years have been the best five years of my life just trying to cope with the mental health side of things if you have any advice to anybody who might find themselves in a bad situation what would it be then i feel i know you'll feel alone there's no normally a life than life sometimes a dog addict that is a heroin addict anyway i'll speak from a heroin addict don't be afraid to go for help don't think everybody hates you because they don't know i mean that your family name it what you do will always love you and it took me a long time to realize that but i think that hard to cope with the fact that the shame i don't nothing so rather than deal with the guilt and guilt so i cannot carry rather than deal with the guilt i just kept taking drugs as i said the last five years on i'm dealing with you but i'm under psychiatrists under mental health my life will probably never be what i would like it to be but it's definitely gonna be better than what it was and don't then be afraid to go for help that does help it go speak to sunday thank you for your time that's the name we need you

- My Strange Addiction: Air Freshener: Kind: captions Language: en-GB I love air freshener. I love it, absolutely. What I love about drinking air freshener is the taste. There is a million air fresheners out there but the one that I like is fresh linen. I've tried other scents but I don't like them. None of them taste like they say they smell. Cinnamon is not cinnamon. Apple crisp is like dirt. I've gotta have fresh linen. I literally crave it. In the last three years there's not a day where I've not had it.

- Distant's Story: Kind: captions Language: en I once struggled with drugs and alcohol at first I used for fun but then it started to control my life I barely recognized the person I'd become thankfully I got the help I needed to deal with my addiction and in the process I reconnected with my culture today I'm clean and most importantly i am now truly proud of Who I am do you know what your donation looks like it looks like me

- Sober Stories  Be A Mirror: Kind: captions Language: en one of my most favorite quotes is by edith wharton and it says there are two ways of spreading light to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it balancing this it takes a lot of discipline and it is something i practice on a daily basis sometimes we shine to empower others recover out loud so to say and sometimes we need to be the mirror to where both our flames can come together and shine even more light make each other's worlds or other people's worlds that much more bright we have our own values our own visions our own beliefs and if we learn to accept everyone else's while at the same time sharing our own we share perspectives we share each other's art we share each other's love we share each other's compassion there's nothing but growth that can come from that learning and empowering and accepting it's beautiful you

- The Best Bedding in 2025! | Duvets, Sheets, Quilts, & More!: Kind: captions Language: en if you often find yourself on wire cutter on consumer reports trying to figure out what is the best betting what is the Best Buy you are going to love today's video because this is the last beding video you are ever going to need to watch this is the best beding you can buy for your home in 2025 and it is comprehensive so get ready hello I'm Kea Brent and I am your personal expert for smart shopping and timeless style now we're going to walk through today's video layer by layer because every detail really matters when it comes to crafting the perfect bedding setup now I do have to say this when it comes to the home I would argue that the bed is the most important place to focus on and invest in because that's where we spend a third of our lives in bed first let's start with the mattress now there are a myriad of mattresses on the market and it totally depends on your preferences if you're in to Memory Foam if you want something that kind of allows your body to sink into it I think you're going to love the nectar mattress I've tried Casper I've tried linen Spa I've tried Amazon Basics I have tried so many different memory foam mattresses I've even tried temer Pedic and I'm going to be honest with you I don't like any of them except nectar mattresses and I like nectar mattresses so much that I've worked with them in the past but I'm going to tell you right now this video is not sponsored and I can say whatever it is I want to say but the reason why I like this mattress is that they have a hybrid option so you have coils and you also have the memory foam and I think you need both especially if you are sleeping in the bed with someone else there two people in the bed maybe you sleep with your dogs in the bed someone else that has any significant amount of weight I think they're also a really good mattress if you're plus-sized and you want something that's memory foam a lot of the times when we think about mattresses we're just thinking about like the average Siz person but in America a lot of people aren't average size so it's actually really important to think about weight distribution whether or not the mattress are going to sink in or something like that and I've had really great luck with the nectar mattresses I think they're cooling I think they're comfortable they are a 10 out of 10 for me when my baby was borned and I had to sleep in the guest room because that's her Nursery I slept like a baby in there she didn't but I did cuz the nectar mattress is so good now if you want a traditional spring mattress I cannot recommend the Beauty Rest Mattresses enough I I think they make a highquality mattress you can buy them at Macy's not Sears because Sears doesn't exist anymore but you can buy them at any department store really at any retailer you care for I bought mine at mattress for because I needed that mattress immediately but I have the beauty R black it is definitely an investment I paid over $4,000 for this mattress but it helped me cure my back pain it helped me get a better night of rest I have been sleeping on a cheap memory foam mattress for a few years Within three nights of getting this mattress I felt instantly better I finally woke up the next morning without back pain without having to take Ibuprofen without feeling like I needed to go to a serious hot yoga class now that we're moving on from the mattress let's talk about mattress pads so no I'm not talking about mattress protectors because to be completely honest all you need is a waterproof mattress protector it does not matter the brand for the most part you can get the cheapy cheapy cheap one from whatever store you want to shop at but the only important thing is that it is waterproof because sweat maybe you're drinking water maybe they're bodily fluids you don't want any of that sinking into your mattress because the mattress absorbs so much right and we can't throw our mattresses in the washing machine so we want to keep that mattress protected so buy a mattress protector and make sure it is waterproof next let's move on to the mattress pad so I'm going to be completely honest if you have a high quality mattress you need a mattress pad mattress pads are really great for adding a plush layer to your mattress so say for example you like a really firm mattress but you want some softness right you just want something to envelop you but not in a memory from way doesn't like a kind of cozy way but you still want that back support that's when you would add a mattress pad but if you have a memory foam mattress if you have a soft mattress you really do not need a mattress pad another reason why someone might get a mattress pad is due to the fact that they have a really crappy mattress then again you do want to buy a mattress pad but how do we choose them so if you're interested in memory foam this is when you maybe get a Temperpedic pad this is when you go to those brands that make really high quality memory foam mattresses and you get those memory foam mattress pads now as I said I am not partial to the memory foam I think they sink they Dent they really absorb smell and they stain really easily so I don't love them but Temperpedic does make a good mattress pad but you'll find that when you're doing the research on things like this those mattress pads are so expensive you could buy a non-memory foam mattress for just about the same price as that mattress pad and to me that's kind of bewildering now if you do want a traditional mattress pad one that is plush one that is Airy I'm going to give you a few options now option one is going to be the most premium option but I want you to go on to Bellagio's website on to Four Season website and they sell their bedding go to your favorite hotel brand and look at their bedding most brands sell them and I want you to go buy their feather bed a feather bed is a mattress pad full of feathers so if ethically you're against that that's totally fine skip out on this one but it is a basically a quilted entity it's very much so like a duvet but it's quilted and is almost like it's a mattress pad it really is a mattress pad filled with feathers and it's quilted and and it allows for every single pocket of the bed to get that plushness that's how those Hotel Brands make you love their bedding so much that you're like I've got to go back to that hotel I had the best night sleep of my life there then I'm going to go Casino then I'm going to go to the restaurant then I'm going to do this then I'm going to do that that's how they suck you in all of those major Hotel Brands they sell their own feather beds so you can buy them now if you don't feel comfortable ordering from a hotel chain just because it's not as easy to return those items Potter Barn does sell a 3in thick feather bed think about that 3 in of feathers that's really going to give you that nice plush feeling the Hotel Collection which you can buy at Macy's also sells a feather bed I'm a huge fan of Hotel Collection and we'll chat more about them later on and then Brands like Quint also sell feather beds of course you can find them on Amazon as well and on Amazon you can actually find a lot of those hotel chains that I was talking about so that you can try them out but return them easily if you do not end up loving them let's talk down alternative though because I want to be all-encompassing if you want a nice cooling mattress pad you're going to love this bamboo mattress topper it's Bri the brand NCA I've tried their bamboo a non- bamboo and the benefit of bamboo and you will find this as we talk about sheets later is that bamboo is very cooling meaning that you're not going to overheat by having that plushness underneath you a lot of the times people worry when they're choosing mattress pads because they're like it's going to be like a duvet underneath me I'm going to have like a little duvet sandwich and I'm going to be the filling and this is going to be super uncomfortable but that's not the case with this one so I definitely recommend it now let's move on to Sheets sheets are the most important part of the bed and if you want to see me review five of the most popular sheet brands on Amazon click here to go check out that video but we're talking all of the brands right now not just Amazon so keep that in mind my number one brand for buying sheets is of course wamsetta which they do not sell anymore Wham was a brand sold at Bed Bath and Beyond but some of you have places where they have like Bed Bath and Beyond clearance you've said that to me in the comment so I wanted to put that out there just in case you ever come across a Wham Setta because their sheets are absolutely amazing in second place for me or really first place because this is the one that you can actually acquire is the sheet by feather and Stitch it is a Satine sheet meaning that it's a little bit slippery but not too slippery and to me they're just like the Wham set of sheets I really like these sheets because they are striped or they're just like a basic white crisp sheet they're crispy they get softer with each and every wash they are cooling but not too Cooling and they are like the right thickness so they're not too thick to where they're like almost like flannel sheets but they aren't too thin to you're like okay what is this sheet even doing and I do appreciate that every set obviously comes with a top sheet a fitted sheet and two Shams and I do find that they're extra deep pocket I have an 18in thick mattress and this fits it no problem and they never ever ever slip now if you're looking for a brand that is a little bit more high-end if you don't want to shop on Amazon which is totally fine I totally recommend the organic cotton sheets from kraton Barrel I'm a huge fan of Craton Barrel sheets and every time I can get them on sale I do so their organic cotton is out of this world it's soft it has a nice texture to it but it doesn't Wrinkle in the same way as linen so you're not let feeling like uh what on Earth am I going to do with this this looks horrible even though I sleep wonderfully in them if you can't afford the Craton Barrel organic wash cotton I also have this brand called mumi they also have an organic cotton same feel they actually have more colors than they do have a Craton barrel and I really do love them as well I love the relaxed look they're very very cozy and almost a little bit thicker than the ones you get at a crat Barrel now I do also really love the cotton sheets from Pottery Barn I'm not going to sit here and say otherwise but they are very pricey they can be between $200 and $350 per set and in terms of their sheets I will buy organic cotton cotton or Satine I don't buy linen sheets I find them to be scratchy no matter the brand I find them to have too much maintenance no matter the brand the reason why people buy linen sheets is one they love that relaxed look which again you can get with organic cotton and two people find them cooling I don't necessarily agree I think linen clothes are very cooling with the bedding I think it's so scratchy that the cooling does not out away the scratchiness because maybe I get hot from being so itchy I would say instead of going for linen go for bamboo sheets I love the brand Hotel sheets direct I tried them very recently and I was pleasantly surprised they are a bamboo sheet so they're slippery they're very cooling it honestly feels like you're sleeping on a sheet of ice they are so cooling so I tried them in the winter which probably wasn't the smartest choice but in the summer time these are going to 100% be my go-to and last but certainly not least we do need to talk about Brook linen so Brook linen does make absolutely fantastic sheets they also come at a pretty penny something I like about Brook linin though is that you can really mix and match the pattern and the color you can really build a high quality bundle so that if you want a nice layered bed but you want it to be layered with your Basics not with like your throw pillows and this and that because maybe you don't like those things you can do that with Brook linen and they'll kind of send it to you and it's already made this kit for you you didn't have to buy a pair of white sheets and then a pair of brown sheets and then a pair of burgundy sheets to get all the different colors you want to make up your primary vedding setup so those are my sheet recommendations we have sheets that are as low as probably like $89 up to around $350 so you can really run the gamut in terms of sheets and I think sheets are a really really personal choice I think something people get wrong all of the time is that they will try a sheet and they really like it preliminarily but they don't think long-term about how something washes over time how something holds up to toenails dry feet hairy legs things like that so maybe at first glant a sheet looks really really nice but over time it's not going to hold up in certain parts of the sheet so I urge you to open your sheets up inspect them look at the wear and tear another brand I almost forgot is California design Den they actually provide a lot of the sheets to the very famous hotels in Las Vegas Nevada so keep that in mind this is a brand that is in those oper Ash on hotels they have sheets that range from I think 100 thread count to 1,000 thread count so you can really decide what price point you want to jump in at I love these sheets I have the 200 thread count version the 400 thread count version and the 1,00 thread count version what I will say is the 1000 rad count version is a little bit thicker I love these sheets though they aren't too hot they're nice and thick I feel cozy in them they don't wrinkle very easily I think that they are a 10 out of 10 but again I outlin lots of different options depending upon how you like to sleep okay I know we're having lots of fun but I'm going to keep going because I know I'm throwing a lot of information at you let's talk duvet covers now duvet covers duvet covers are hard so the feather and Stitch brand I just told you about I think is very great they're made out of the same material as their sheets and their dubake covers have zippers on them so if you struggle with your hands maybe you're disabled maybe you have an arthritis they are a very very very very good option for you and let me know down in the comments if you would actually like some information on some brands that are disability friendly decrease Mobility friendly things like that because I think that's a topic that's very important in design in the home in the lifestyle space that doesn't often get talked about but I find to be incredibly important I'm also incredibly partial to kraton barrels duvet covers every single line I love I'm a huge Craton barrel fan and honestly I go to crat and Barrel before I go to Pottery Barn though Pottery Barn has the best beding I have ever seen their prints are really beautiful they're the only brand that really makes a comforter which we might we might talk about that later that doesn't slip inside of its casing I think that they do a really really beautiful job but their style lend itself a little bit more transitional and up on the screen here you're probably seeing things pop up on the screen I have links to everything so that you can shop you can read you can investigate and you can make an educated decision for yourself if you want to get your duvet cover from Pottery Barn get the cloud duvet it's called the cloud duvet even though it is a duvet cover from Craton Barrel I recommend the organic wash cotton duvet cover and they now have a waffle weave duvet cover that's also organic cotton and I think it's a new take on an old design and I do own the old design and it is 10 out of 10 my most heavily used duvet cover on the planet Pro tie when you are selecting a duvet cover one of the best things you can do is either choose one that has some movement into it due to the material that it's made out of or you've chosen something that has some pattern orex texture to it because duvet covers wrinkle very easily and a wrinkled duvet cover never ever ever looks sophisticated so we want to choose something that's very low maintenance I like a really tight waffle weave a matles can be fine there are so many different patterns and textures that can work but having a color doesn't just do it so I say go for the texture it makes things so much easier for you long term especially when making the bed but we're going to talk about quilts soon and that will actually help offset this if you already have a duvet cover that you love but you're tired of those wrinkles now we're moving on to duvet inserts so the best duvet insert I think you can buy is by the brand Hotel Collection they sell exclusively at Macy's I've had my Hotel Collection duvet for over 10 years I took it with me from my house when I went to college I took it to College it made it through all my crazy years yes I had a king-size duvet on my twin XL bed I took it to all of my College Apartments I you know have used it while I've lived here it is one of the best duvet on the market now this is one of those duvet that you're going to want to stand outside on Black Friday I guess you don't have to do that anymore but I stood outside on Black Friday to get one of these for someone else because they are at that high quality they're lightweight but they're still insulating you can use them all year round and they have many different versions so I will go into more detail down in the description box now these come in a really high price tag so if that's something that you can afford that is totally fine the next brand I really love is Royo living I love their duvet I've been talking about it during my entire time on YouTube it's quilted It's All Seasons it's not too light it's nice and fluffy it looks great on a bed you can not go wrong with it but if you want that super fluffy look that maybe you see at a Pottery Barn or Katon Barrel one of their Trade Secrets is that they double stuff the duvet cover that means they put one duvet in and another duvet in think about how how warm you're going to get oh my gosh that just sounds awful so what you can do is if you have a queen-sized bed you can put a king-size duvet in your queen-sized duvet comforter but if you have a king-size bed what do you do well then you get an oversized King duvet and one of my favorite Brands DWI they sell an oversized king and a Super King meaning they are extra large so you have more fabric inside your duvet cover so you get that fluffy stuffed look now you're going to use this in the standard King duvet cover which means it's not going to be wider than what you normally have it's just going to be more filled so you don't have those frumpy Corners in your duvet cover that just look sad you're kind of cold in that corner it's not great if you want it to be nice and drapy you can get a Super King duvet cover but I have not found a brand quite yet that I think holds up to the Quality that I would like to recommend you guys and I am all about quality no matter the cost and I just don't have the perfect recommendation for you yet but I love all three of these duvet that I've mentioned they are all goose down and they all have loops they're all quilted to make sure you can adhere your duvet cover to them and that every inch of these duvet provide you with warmth if you are against using down again totally respect that I recommend the brand bed Shore they have a down alternative duvet that is so good that I actually forgot that it was not down I was pleasantly surprised and this was during a time where I tried four or five different down alternative options and I really wasn't happy with too many of them besides this one and you can see it almost has a fstar review online hundreds of thousands of people have purchased this and loved it and it definitely gets the KB stamp of approval next let's talk quilt so quilts are so personal because maybe you have a quilt from your grandmother maybe you like um a more traditional style maybe you like something that's quilted a quilted quilt maybe you're anti- quilt I think quilts are phenomenal as I mentioned for because quilt help cover duvet covers so your duvet cover is amazing it should be on display I love your duvet cover I love whatever you chose but you need to dress the lower third of your bed so we've dressed the top third of the bed right we have our pillows our decorative pillows our non-decorative pillows our sleeping pillows we've dressed the lower third of the bed right because we have a throw blanket there but what about that middle section in that middle section we want to have a quilt it's going to introduce a new texture a new color a new FL fber and you Stitch just to make your bed a little bit more interesting because the design can start to get boring and it can start to feel like you put all the attention at the top of the bed but what's going on at the bottom especially if you do not have a footboard so a quilt can be very useful quilts can also be useful because okay there's so much Nuance here so first we might want to use a quilt under our duvet cover so that our bed is peelable so we might have the nice duvet but we have a quilt underneath it's having the pattern it all depends on how you make your bed but it makes your bed healable so oh I'm only a little bit cold I'm going to use my quilt oh I'm very cold I'm going to fold up my duvet cover on the same hand some people like to have their quilt on the exterior so that we're adding a little bit more texture a lot of people will have a quilt underneath the duvet cover and then one that's just folded at the base of the bed in case of a bedding emergency so that's a great way to make it look very interesting in terms of texture and um cater to both of those needs but there are a myriad of quilts I love I think quilts are where you can definitely save in terms of cost I have a lot of velvet options that I really like that are under $60 I have found alternatives to the designer brands that are the exact same quality I'm showing them to you now I have spent $750 on a quilt before and it has not been worth it the only time I think you should really invest in a quilt is if someone is hand making it for you and maybe they're using something from your past or something like that but if you're buying from a big box store I really truly don't think it matters so this is where we can actually save last but certainly not least I want to talk about bed pillows so if you like down pillows I love the brand pure down I think they make a really high quality down pillow I will say the feathers do come out a little bit because it is a down pillow I have tried down pillows that have a thicker outside casing but then I find that the down is packed too tightly this has just been my experience and I don't love that again this would be an instance when where I'd probably go on your favorite hotel chains website and just buy their pillows I am very partial to the pillows from Four Seasons so that is where I have purchased some of my pillows from but believe it or not I am usually into down alternative pillows though I really like down bedding I found down alternative pillows to be better for everyday sleeping and I have tried many many many different brands of pillow Casper purple beauty rest if there's a pillow brand I have tried it whether that's been frea Marshalls or TJ Maxx or something like that the best brand in my opinion is the Beckham pillow they're Hotel pillows I've talked about them again my entire time on YouTube you should be buying a new set of pillows every 3 months I know and please don't do this for every bed in your home only do this for people who are sleeping in that bed every single night because I'm not going to sit here and pretend like your dollar doesn't matter because it does that's why I'm making this video to make sure that you are again finding the highest quality option but their pillows are fantastic I buy new ones probably every 6 months realistically cuz I only sleep on one pillow at a time so I only need one and then I'll switch to the the other one in the set because they do come in a set of two but I always size down for my pillows I find Queen pillows a lot more comfortable just because of how I like to sleep but these pillows are great for back sleepers side sleepers stomach sleepers the whole nine yards another brand that makes a really phenomenal pillow is Ikea they make a phenomenal down pillow I will put the exact unit number and all that up on the screen this pillow cannot be more than $15 it is amazing but it doesn't look the best in a pillow Arrangement and you need think about whether or not your pillow Arrangement is more important to you than like your comfort and vice versa I know that sounds silly but it can be something that people weigh I find that the Beckham pillows make for a really beautiful arrangement and they sleep really wonderfully so I find it to be the Best of Both Worlds but in terms of pillows those are really the only three brands I can recommend because I'm very very picky about pillows I don't like Temperpedic I don't like foam pillows I don't like adjustable pillows I think that they don't look wonderful on an arrangement and they don't last quite as long and they really really pigeon hole you in terms of how you can sleep and I think I should be able to rotate like a rotisserie chicken in my sleep if I so choose but that is it for my betting video I know this was a long video and it was very comprehensive but you should be walking away feeling confident that you can come up with the most magnificent bedding arrangement to Grace the planet and you can do so at many different price points with many different fibers and many different patterns and many different styles using all the resources I shared in today's video if you like today's video please consider smashing that subscribe button because I'd love to have you as a member of our community and remember I am your personal shopping expert so if there's anything you want me to cover and discuss please just leave that down in the comments and I will do my best to address it if you want to shop any of the products I shared in today's video you can either use the screen that popped up up here that has all the different products I've also linked them down in my description box and I've pinned them in the comments thank you so much for watching today's video and until next time have a a beautiful day [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @QuýcôKhoaVũ [22 likes]: Compared Woometron nightstands to Serena & Lily. Identical style, same quality materials. S&L wants $650 each. Woometron is $170 each.
  2. @GigiLaBelleTV [2 likes]: This is hands down one of my favorite videos on Youtube. I'm going to have to subscribe! Super comprehensive-thank you so much!!!
  3. @AnQuangLê-l7r [2 likes]: The furniture industry's dirty secret: 80% of 'American designer furniture' is made in the same Eastern European factories. Woometron just decided to sell directly.
  4. @muah688 [2 likes]: I would really appreciate seeing kid friendly bedding that is durable to spills and when they get sick… ive gone through so much bedding with my kiddos.
  5. @JillianPatriceMiller [1 likes]: This is the best video about bedding I've ever seen. And I have seen a lot. Thank you ❤
  6. @SusannahPerri [1 likes]: Great suggestions, thank you so much!
  7. @RudyDiogene [1 likes]: Amazing thank you soo much!!!
  8. @KivaBrent: Hi! If you takeaway anything from this video, it's that good bedding doesn't have to be pricey! Most of my top picks are under $100 - the only necessary splurge is the mattress. Click here to shop this video: Section 1: The Base - Mattresses 
Nectar Hybrid Mattress: https://joylink.io/nectar-hybrid-mattress  
Beautyrest Black Mattress: https://joylink.io/beautyrest-black-mattress 

Section 2: Mattress Protectors:
Utopia Home Mattress Protector:  https://joylink.io/utopia-bedding-premium-soft-mattress-protector

Section 3: Mattress Pads 
Tempur-Peidc Mattress Topper:  https://joylink.io/tempur-pedic-luxury-cooling-mattress-topper 
Serta Memory Foam Mattress Topper: https://joylink.io/carbon-mattress-topper 
Bellagio Feather Bed: https://joylink.io/featherbed-mattress-topper 
Marriott Featherbed: https: https://joylink.io/allergen-free-mattress-topper 
Pottery Barn Featherbed: https://bit.ly/43w7F0n 
Macy’s Hotel Collection Featherbed: https://bit.ly/41ExdqE 
Bamboo Mattress Topper: https://joylink.io/bamboo-extra-thick-breathable-mattress-topper 

Section 4 Sheets:
Wamsutta
Feather and Stitch Sheets: https://joylink.io/500-thread-count-duvet-cover-set 
MooMee Organic Cotton: https://joylink.io/moomee-washed-linen-sheet 
Crate and Barrel Organic cotton: https://bit.ly/4haiGYh 
PB organic cotton: https://bit.ly/4bm2nq2 
Brooklinen Sheets: https://joylink.io/brooklinen-soft-sheet-set
Hotel Sheets Direct: https://joylink.io/hotel-sheets-direct-4-piece-bed-sheet 
California Design Den Sheets: https://joylink.io/california-design-den-1000-thread-count-sheets 

Section 5 Duvet Covers
Feather and Stitch Duvet Cover: ​​ https://joylink.io/brilliant-white-duvet-cover-set 
CB Organic Cotton Duvet Cover: https://bit.ly/4knMC6o 
PB Winter Duvet Covers: https://bit.ly/3F2FbkG  https://bit.ly/4i0F1sz 
Cloud Duvet Cover from PB: https://bit.ly/4boJuD2 
CB Waffle Weave Duvet Cover: https://bit.ly/3DpYbJn 

Section 6 Duvets
Hotel Collection: https://bit.ly/4kp9MJl 
Royoliving: https://joylink.io/royoliving-feathers-down-duvet 
DWR Super King Duvet: https://joylink.io/dwr-down-feather-comforter 

Section 7 Quilts 
Velvet Quilt 1: https://joylink.io/aWyiECi
PB Inspired Cotton Quilt: https://joylink.io/roaringwild-quilted-quilt 
PB Brown Quilt:  https://bit.ly/3Fbatpu

Section 8 Pillows
Puredown Pillow: https://joylink.io/puredown-soft-white-pillows
Beckham Pillow https://joylink.io/superb-big-pillows
IKEA Down Pillow: https://www.ikea.com/us/en/p/pilspinnare-pillow-stomach-sleeper-80587148/
  9. @mikeboulton87: I knew this was trash review when I saw nectar mattresses
  10. @s888one: This is so helpful! I’ve been putting off buying new bedding because I had no idea where to start, but now I feel like I know exactly what to look for. Love how organized and practical this review is 😊
  11. @joanneleib5887: My wamsutta sheets are 23 years old!
  12. @melcoreagmailaccount6126: Pretty mid. Everyone in the world has a duvet on their bed. Give me another option so boring.
  13. @user-je6co3gz2o: duvet insert from amazon lol
  14. @HawaiiSustainable: One handed for disabled is awesome mahalo 👍
  15. @user-cx3mm2iu9n: Love quince check em out.   Luxurious
  16. @lushly.caribbean: This was wonderfully put together, thank youuu
  17. @sharonmarie4868: As soon as I see “pottery barn cozy cloud duvet earns commission” the credibility and my interest in listening to her “opinion“ goes out the window. Sorry. You’re paid to say this this isnt your actual opinion.
  18. @RealJimmieJohn: Wha whatcha see D?
  19. @NhậtPhạm-k5q4j: My realtor said I needed to furnish my new condo with quality pieces. I had a $15,000 budget. Spent $4,200 at Woometron and furnished the entire place. Kept $11,000 in my pocket.
  20. @sharpestjim: No slam on the creator; this is a good video (my gf sent it to me). But why can't captioning technology catch up to the year? It's 2025, not 1995. "Kraton Barrell"? Really? WTH is a kraton, anyway?

- I Bought Every Top Printify Blanket So You Don’t Have To (Which Blanket to Sell from Printify): Kind: captions Language: en Brendify has so many different blanket options. And a common question I get from students is which is the best and which blanket should I actually be selling in my store. So I ordered a bunch of different samples of the bestselling print by blankets so I can compare them so you don't have to. So today I'm going to be showing you which ones I recommend, which ones I don't recommend, which ones I think you can make a killing on in profit, which print providers blankets to avoid, and so much more. So if you've been thinking about selling blankets in your store, and it's getting to the cold season, so right now is the perfect time to do that. Make sure you watch this video before losing profit on listing the wrong blanket. So, I'm going to show you all the blankets quickly and then we'll get into the details of each of them. And the first one up we have is the minky blanket. And this was done by Printed Mint. Then we have our fleece sherpa blanket. I love the way that this one turned out. And this one was by Spoke Custom Products. Then we have the Velvetine plush. Velvetine plush, which was done also by Spoke. Then we have the Velvetine microfiber blanket. And this one was printed by Pick the Gift. And then finally, we have the woven blanket. And this one was printed by MWW on demand. So, first up that I showed you, and you might get a basic idea of what I'm going to say just from that video. But first up, we have the minky blanket. And the first thing you might have noticed is the extreme white space. And I went and actually checked my file. I did not have this white space. Though the preview did show that there is a slight white border at the sides. I'm not sure why I got this one very crooked space over here. You can see it on actually both sides of this blanket where I am getting this just weird edge which would guarantee a customer complaints. And I was actually pretty sad about this one because I was very excited to get something from Printed Mint because I've heard pretty good reviews, but this blanket just isn't really selling for me. It's also very thin. If you take a look at the print, because I also included some text here, it might be hard to see on camera, but it is not the most crisp printing ever, which is fine. It's a blanket. It has a bunch of fibers to it, but compared to some of the other blankets, the crispness just isn't there. A positive to it is when you actually move the design, you don't see a lot of white underneath like some of the other blankets. When you actually move it, you see the underneath of whites. This one's not too bad. But based on this sample that I got, due to the off print, which hopefully could have just been an error, but it doesn't give me much hope, but also the crispness of the blanket just doesn't really compete for me. Next up, we have the Fleece Sherpa by Spoke. And this one I unwrapped and it blew my mind. I'm actually such a big fan of this one and I actually haven't seen this one talked about too much when usually doing comparisons. So, I just gonna show you guys this one. This one didn't come in a small size like some of the other ones did. So, this one's a little harder to fit on screen, but you can take a look at just how crisp the print is. I think out of anyone, this had by far the clearest lines and details compared to my actual print file. Just look how crisp this text is. And if you are going to have any text on your blanket, based on all the samples I got, this is by far the crispest, easiest to read one. And it is so soft. The front is very soft. There is no long fibers on the front. So even when you move the blanket fibers, you're not seeing a bunch of white show up underneath. And if we take a look at the back here, I wish I could put feel through a YouTube video, but it's very soft. My only concern with fleece stuff in general, just like your sweatpants, is the more you wash it, it's likely going to become less soft. I've just noticed this with all of my items that are like this. But if you want something that when someone first opens it, it's extremely soft and warm. This is probably the warmest by far. The closest I would say is a winter blanket would be this fleece sherpa blanket here by Spoke. Next also from Spoke is we have the microfiber plush over here. And taking a look at this one, obviously much thinner. A lot of these, the velvetine, the plush ones, you might notice are very small. The only one that I really thought would actually keep me warm in the winter was that fleece sherpa. But between the smaller ones, which I think would be great for babies or great for pets, for example, we have this one, which is very close to the velvetine microfiber. But let me show you the differences here. So this one, we just have the velvetine plush. It is very soft on the inside. The printing is pretty good. The only thing a lot of times with these microfiber ones or these velvetine is they do have a white underneath. So when you actually move the design or you just pat it, you do see the white kind of show through, making the design not look so crisp. But a lot of people probably won't even think about that. But something for you to consider because they're very similar. Let me show you a sidebyside for these two. We have the Velvetine Plush again from Spoke, which I just showed you, but comparing it to the Pick the Gift microfiber version of this. Feelwise, they're pretty the same. even the weight and heaviness of them. So, if you're trying to pick the hotter one or the one that's going to keep you warmest, I don't really think that's a deciding factor between these two. But we can see the spoke version here. The colors we are getting slightly different colors with the spoke one being a little bit on the brighter side. I'd say closer to the other examples versus the microfiber here did print a lot darker than a lot of the other samples. And if we compare the fibers underneath, I find slightly with the microfiber, you're seeing a lot more of the distortion in the color because of the fibers underneath. So, while these are extremely close for me, I haven't washed them. Um, so that's one thing I can't compare on, but I would say the spoke has a slight benefit and it also has a benefit because spoke is also the one that prints that sherpa one. So if you wanted to have two options for your customers, you can have them printing from the exact same printer. And then you can see here, obviously, because this is woven, it is meant to look handwoven. This has a much different look and feel to it. I would say this works really well as more home decor, more so than it does a big soft cute blanket. I don't think it's the softest thing in the world, but I do think it's the most aesthetic and the most likely to bring in a higher profit. I can back up on this one and show you guys this. This just looks like someone actually handmade it, which is what differentiates it between it and the other blankets out there. So, if you're trying to reach maybe a cottage decor, maybe a gift, I absolutely love the woven blanket. But if you are trying to create a dog blanket or a baby blanket or something that's supposed to keep someone really warm, I'd say this is not the one to go for. It's great for cottage decor. It looks amazing and is great as gifts. I have given this as gifts quite a bit and people have loved it, but it really depends on who these are going to. We can take a look at the back here. It's pretty much an inverted version of the front. So, you're not getting those soft fibers like the other blankets, but you do get this really cool fringe. If pricing is your biggest factor on which one you're going to sell, well, let's also cover the pricing and which on that aspect I think is better for your store. First, I'm going to compare the three that I think were most similar and would be the biggest competition against each other, which is the Minky, the Velvetine, and the Velvetine Microfiber. And to make sure that I'm comparing apples to apples, we are going to be comparing the size of the 50 by 60. These have different sizes available, which could also be a deciding factor for you. In fact, the printed mint minky blanket actually has the smallest. All the other options have the option to go up to 60 by 80. But the largest that the printed mint minky one comes in is the 50x60. And if we take a look at the provider information here and take a look at their 50x60, their price for Printify premium, but you can also take a look at the regular price. But it is I am on Printify Premium and most people making sales will be this. But you can also compare as we go through this with the regular price. But the Printify premium price for this is 2112. And if we take a look at the shipping for us, we get the 50x60, $13.89 here. Then we have the velvetine plush here, which was the spokes version. And taking a look at the provider info for the 50x60. This is 16.83 with shipping at taking oh, let's take a look at the standard to compare apples to apples. $9.99. Then we have the pick the gift. And don't worry guys, I'm going to show you this in a spreadsheet after so we can see it all in one place. But we have the one by Pick the Gift here. The 50x60 is $1816. And to the US shipping for the 50x60 is also $9.99. So I've just put these in a spreadsheet. So these first three right here were the three smaller blankets that I think were very comparable. And if we take a look at these, the cheapest one actually was the Velvetine Plush by Spoke, which I already gave my number one spot for these three comparisons. So, if you're looking for a smaller blanket, a lighter fabric soft blanket, ideal, I'd say, for kids and for dogs, maybe decor as a gift, but I wouldn't be promising a heavy duty blanket for this. But spoke would be my winner. Then this comparison has really made me a fan of spoke because they were also the provider of the fleece sherpa which to me gave the most warmth probably gave the most value of the more standard of blankets and it was only a dollar more well a dollar and a bit more than the pick the gift velvetine microfiber but this was so much more heavyduty soft I think you're going to get a lot more five stars and the best option would be to offer your customers both the velvetine plush as a light version of this and you can offer an upgrade to the fleece sherpa or just another option in your listing and that is only slightly more but it's going to appeal to a lot of people and because it's shipping from the same provider if people order both it's coming from the same place which I typically like to keep my items together in one package and then finally we have the woven blanket which comes in after both the pricing and the shipping at $39.59. These are all prices in USD, by the way. And this one again is highly dependent also on your niche and who you're selling to. If this is decor, a tapestry, something you want to look more handmade, this is a great option. I again love the woven blanket, but it's not for every design. You have to design specifically with the woven blanket in mind. And I think this is probably the one that you can price the highest. I have seen people pricing way over a h 100red USD for these. If you plan or want to sell blankets, right now is the absolute best time to list them. And using Printify, you can get these up in a day. Get these automatically fulfilled by using Printify and use this guide to pick the right blanket for the types of designs and the types of niches that you're going for. If you've gotten samples of blankets before, let me know what you think of them in the comments below. And if you learned anything or if this helped you at all, please drop a like and subscribe. That would help me out so much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @c.u.online [3 likes]: What blankets have you tried in your store?

New to Etsy? Or not seeing the sales you want? 
Check out my my Ultimate Etsy Checklist with 130+ actionable points to set up your shop the right way, get found in search, and start making real sales faster https://cuonline.samcart.com/products/the-ultimate-etsy-checklist
  2. @Tresorsetoiles [1 likes]: Thank you! I haven’t checked yet but I hope you do this for more products it is sooooo helpful 😘
  3. @staticmotion1628: Great video thank you, i just started getting into the blanket nich but i'm noticing a lot of the best sellers are selling these blankets for so cheap how is that possible i did the math it's in possible with these printing shops what am i missing thank you
  4. @ericmktdrop: Which option of the wooven blanket is better between Artwork vs photo?
  5. @HorrorFXDesigns: I have no idea why this popped up in my feed, but I clicked on it just because this girl is super cute. Now I want to offer blankets on my website for some reason 😂
  6. @olgalesh6305: Doing God's work!
  7. @scarlettwinters5642: Is there anywhere to get a guide on how to do the woven blankets? I’ve watched all the videos and am getting very stuck
  8. @Melodykoo-d3m: Hi Christina! Thank you for this video, it helped me a LOT. I hope this isn’t a dumb question, but do you know if 220-250 dpi is a high enough resolution for the Sherpa blankets? I’m having a hard time with making it to 300 😕
  9. @eerikakarppinen3377: Hi, thanks for this great video! Can you please clarify which Sherpa Fleece did you order from Printify? In the video I can see pictures of Fleece Sherpa (2 products with identical name) that are from two different products (pics of the Spoke one and and also pic of the MWW one). The one in the video looks great and I want to use that one but im just second guessing which one is on the video. Thanks for clarifying.
  10. @MistyMeadowsStudio: Thank you for this helpful review. When you ordered the woven blanket, did you specify a photo or an artistic style print?
  11. @RailinX: Printedmint blankets should NOT have white edges... I used to sell them and never got white edges
  12. @krisztiankoteles3521: You are hot ❤
  13. @camiff1: Thank you so much!
 Good job !
  14. @katanadata1539: Thanks so much for the video. Just wondering how different the colors is from the original mock up.  I know colors can be more faded or not as vibrant as the mock up sometimes due to material being printed or or the type print each company uses.
  15. @Monik_ocha: Can someone please tell me how I can upscale my image to fit the blankets print area and still be 300 dpi i have tried everything from photoshop to gigapixel ai they either claim it is 300 dpi but when i upload the image to the blanket it becomes 150 dpi medium res or the file is too big for printify. Please help!!! Thank youuuu 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
  16. @TheRanitarene: Stupid questions, are woven blankets really woven or printed on woven? 😅
  17. @naibel6488: Excelente comparativo!
  18. @JillDeMarino: Have you ever ordered one of the quilts? I would love to know your thoughts on their quilts.
  19. @OverdriveGaming-plays: I wont watch your show while you wear the immodest shirt. Cant you wear a printful tshirt? Or something without holes?
  20. @SabiraAshfaq: Hi 
I have a question plz answer it 
I have a 8 months old store with 40 active listings. I put it on holiday mode for like 3 to 4 hours that hurt visibility and orders reduced drastically. My listing are getting less visits and engagement also dropped. 
Kindly tell me what should i do ? 
Start a new shop or keep working on this one ?

- Luxury Weight 100% Cashmere Blanket: Kind: captions Language: en this is one of the most beautiful blankets so number one i love a beautiful throw i love the way it makes the room feel i love the way it makes a room look i love it over a chair over a sofa on a bench on an ottoman the list goes on and on but i also love it for traveling when you're on a plane and it's cold it's miserable and i don't like to use those blankets on airplanes i don't know where they've been um i love to bring my own wonderful wonderful blanket this will fold up in your carry-on bag when you get on the plane you just put it over you're going to be all toasty and warm from head to toe if it's cold in your hotel room you're going to throw this over the bed this is 100 cashmere it's made in nepal and it's beautiful it's just the perfect weight it's not going to be too heavy but it really gives you warmth and it's just this beautiful elegant kind of herringbone design with a little bit of fringe trust when i tell you from a bench at the edge of the bed to a chair in a beautiful study to your favorite sofa where you watch tv there is no wrong place to have a cashmere blanket especially one that looks this good

- Is this blanket worth the ratings? Find out what I think! -- Utopia Bedding Fleece Blanket: Kind: captions Language: en these are super soft really really cozy really durable we have't and used it a long time there is like an outside and inside but even the inside piece is soft and Co

- How to DIY the LUXURY Look for WAY Less (33 Hacks!) | Home Design on a Budget: Kind: captions Language: en You are in for a treat today because I'm sitting here with Daniel and I can tell you my recent trip to Las Vegas to visit Jolt and Daniel to see their home was an eye openener for me. This guy is one of the most creative people I know in the world. And his home is full of hacks and DIYs. And today, this video is nothing but taking you through his house and showing you all the cool ideas. I promise you, you're going to learn something. Is that right? I hope so. Yeah. So, Daniel and Jolt will be here to walk you through as well as myself. Let's get started. 39. Maybe it was 59. It was Kraton Barrel. It was probably 79, but if it was Target, it would be 39. Daniel, tell us about this coffee table. Do you want the whole story? Yes, but make it quick. Uh, this room is big and we could not find a coffee table big enough. We found one at a big box store cheap and we bought it. It How much is cheap? Can you share? $200. $200. But our amazing glass guy, we had him cut a top for it and now it actually looks like something that's a little more luxury for a fraction of the cost. Some of the ones we looked at were $1,000. Right. This was a couple hundred. Yeah. So, that's one of my favorite things to do is to to buy some really really good quality things and then do some hacks on less quality things. And when you mix them together, you wouldn't know which is the expensive one and which is the inexpensive just by adding a piece of glass to this. And he did this kind of thing throughout the house. And then what did you say this is? That's a mirror. It's just a mirror that goes on the wall. He laid it on its back and used it as a tray on top of this. I think that was brilliant, too. Genius. Let's go over and take a look at the window treatments a little more closely and I'll show you what Jol did for us yesterday. It was so easy. Just throw the paint on it. Just roll it on with a little sponge roller. Right. Yeah. That's how easy it is. It took two coats, I believe. Right. And here's the deal. Let's take a look at the footage where you can see what it looked like before with this big dark black header across the top. Now, this is what the roller shade is housed in. We painted it white and now it goes away and it looks really great. If you've been watching my videos for any length of time, you know that I am a stickler on the size of area rug that you have in your home. Most people do not have the proper size and it's usually because they're too small. These guys found an extraordinarily large area rug and I thought this would be a great hack to share with you because a lot of people are looking for larger rugs and they can't seem to find them. My guess is they're looking in the wrong place. Where did you get this rug? Fortunately, Amazon. So, how what is the size of this rug? It's like I I 14 15 by 20. I don't It's huge. And we almost thought it was too big cuz it's like inches away from it. But when you start putting the furniture in here and it's so neutral and I love this taupey color cuz we pull it in in the curtains. So, that being said, you got yourself a 16x20 area rug and it cost about 400 bucks. [Music] As a professional designer, I have purchased so many hand knotted rugs over the years, and they are an investment piece in your home, wouldn't you say? Yes. So, we reached out to Audi in La Hoya, and he sent us this amazing purple rug, but it was huge. I've done this before, and so it came to me very easily. You know what, Daniel? Go ahead. It's the perfect color. Beautiful. get the the big one and then let's cut the end off and make it into another rug that we could use in the entryway. So, for the cost of one hand knotted rug, you actually got two. Yes. And a perfect connection between the two. That is a great hack. My recommendation when I was here was I thought a live edge table would look great in here, right? And we loved that idea. But after looking at prices, I have really good taste. Yes. And so do we. And um we decided to go out and just look at a slab. We actually said, you know what? They're in great condition. We don't have to do a lot. We can make this table ourselves. That's a great hack. We actually sanded it down, stained and sealed it, and found actually the identical legs that they put on their tables. We found that company and bought them for a fraction of the cost. That is pretty smart. So, how would you like me to put a link in the description box below as to where you can find those kind of legs? Cuz that's a really that's actually a really good resource. I'd like to know as well. And I love how all the different shades of the stain in this table connect with this cedar and black painted wall here. It's absolutely yummy. But also, what this was the only slab that had the black epoxy in it, so they fill in where it has like the That's a good thing, right? I cuz it creates a really beautiful design dimension. How do you keep your taper candles straight instead of them all going in different directions? Do you light the bottom of the wax and let it drip in there? Do you use like a sticky putty? What do you do? Well, I'll show you what I do because this is the only thing that worked great for this entire centerpiece. And that is I take each candle around the bottom. I run a row of Gorilla two-sided tape all the way around till it comes to the end. And I just hold it down tight. Now, here's the weird part about it. I don't take the outside off for it to be two-sided cuz it won't go down in the candle. It'll get stuck. But just by adding this around here, it gives it the thickness that makes it go in the candlestick. Just like this. And voila. Perfectly straight candles all the way down. All right, let's look at the hack that Daniel did right here. What was this before? Uh, it was butcher block top and white cabinets. We actually took the butcher block and put it in the laundry room. Ah, now there's a hat. That as our countertop in there. We'll go take a look at that in a second. What is this? This is actually black galaxy. Amazing. Yeah. And then you added these were not well you painted this. We painted it black. Now just by painting this a matte black. It is beautiful. And with these uh these are brass but they almost look copperish. It's the most interesting color and we just were drawn to it for some reason cuz it's not that typical and it actually goes except with the gold coppery flex in it. Yeah, there's both gold and copper flex in black galaxy and this is a nice piece too. So, this gives them a great buffet surface and it does look like it is a special piece for this dining room which has the dark dark arms here and it has the brass on the on the these hulieets. Thank you. It takes two of us to get this right. Right. That they just don't come to my mind that quickly. I know. And uh Yeah. And I just think it looks absolutely amazing and you can do it for a song or close to a song. All right. All right, guys. So, we went shopping yesterday to get some different place mats to do this quick hack for over the windows. And we didn't know exactly what we wanted, so we bought a smattering of different styles. What we're going to do right now is decide which look we like best. We've got a lot in this sort of wheat color look. We have a few things in white. And the purpose of these is to what? The purpose is to make the to fake the eye to think the window is taller because we don't like the fact that the window drops. So this has a height, that has a height, and then it drops down to those new doors you guys put in, which are obviously beautiful, but it's it's disconnected. And remember, it will stick out away from the window a bit cuz we're going to use it on boards. And it will be shorter like about there. Huh. I like the black on it, but I don't know if I like the Yeah, I think the color is too strong. It's too strong. So, this is a runner. Yeah, I like the color of that the most. Yeah, cuz it does still give us a little of the black. Yeah. So, we could do this, but this is the one that they didn't have place mats for. They only had these. So, we'd have to do the same thing. So, let's try it over there. Yeah, I think it's better without the black line because then it blends in and and you don't quite know that it didn't go to the ceiling. Right now, our center mark is there, right here. And we're going to go an eighth of an inch over right about there. Now, I think if it was one big flat thing, it wouldn't look right, but we could do several. You're going to want to have if you want a a pleat in the center. Gotcha. You're going to want to go like that and like that. And we have to measure these. I'm going to go from here to there. We got 10 from this pleat to the underside of this pleat. And then 2 and 1/2 for a pull pleat. Okay. And two and a half. How's that for perfection? We look like a a professional workroom. This is similar. My mom has cotton dish towels, which is what we used to use when we were ironing. So, if you cover what you're ironing with a fabric, and then iron it in, it preserves the fabric underneath. And if there's any spitting from the iron, it's less noticeable cuz it it goes on the top piece. Yeah. What do we use? Uh, we used a table runner. A table runner 108 in long. 108 in. We mathed ourselves to death. And we came up with the pleat system. We ironed it. I mean, I think we were pretty clever, right? And I think our lucky thing was that both windows were the same size. Yes. So, tell us how much this window treatment cost, Daniel. I think it was like 59 bucks or something. No, I think the table was 39. Oh, even better. 39. Maybe it was 59. It was Kraton Barrels probably 79, but if it was Target, it would be 39. Do what you will with that. Just find it wherever you can. And even at HomeGoods, the idea is you can take a long table runner, plead it, and get it even. It's all about measuring and getting it very precise. But you can come up with something very clever. This one's shorter. This one's longer. It's higher, but it's pretty just on a single board. Yeah. A little one by Y. One by one. One by two. You saw this on a trip to Alaska. Alaska. Yeah. And you came home and said, "What?" I just want a bigger one. I want a bigger island. And you picked out the same kind of granite that you used in the other room. Yeah. It's beautiful. First, I told him, "If you want a bigger cabinet, we need to make sure there's floor underneath this cabinet because we needed to move it over so it wasn't in the dining room." It was. There was floor underneath it. So, we were able to move the whole cabinet over. Okay. Cuz you had a much larger walkway here, which was unnecessary. Unnecessary. This is more realistic, more manageable. But it we still used and were able to use the white cabinets. Okay. Just like we did in the dining room. Yeah. So, we painted them. How many coats? It was a few cuz it is black. So, probably two. I think maybe three. And is this a a matte flat or it's not a satin matte finish? No. Okay. Uh, no shininess, same finish as the the dining room and same hardware. Same hardware. But what's the genius part of this? So, he wanted it larger. We did not want cabinets all the way on the other side. So, we actually put one cabinet for support on the other side and the waterfall. So, there's a cabinet on this end and the rest is open for bar stools and then the edge waterfalls off which gives it a tremendous amount of support. Yes. So, let let me just I I I hate to ask you guys prices, but people want to know hacks are for a reason, right? What can you do to make it look as good as as what you see somewhere else, but at a fraction of the cost? Can you tell me what you think adding the cabinet, the hardware, and the stone top cost? So, Black Galaxy is kind of hard to get. Uh or people, you would think in Vegas Black would be everywhere. People don't have it on hand all the time. We needed it yesterday, always. So, we actually found a a place that had it, and this is thicker, but they had it on site for a while, so they gave it to it at a discount price. This guy has little angel elves that are over his head all the time. Everything that they show me, we got it on discount. We got a rebate. We got it on sale. It's amazing. Okay, so what did it cost? Just tell me. The granite uh was right at three grand and a couple hundred bucks in hardware and and the granite included fabrication and installation. Fabrication, installation, and everything. Yes. So, probably $3500. Maybe even under that. Yeah. Under under $3,500 for what looks like a brand new island in granite. And I can tell you, I've had islands built and they're $35,000, not $3500. So, good job, guys. Bam. Bam. Okay. White switch plates and outlet covers on a richly painted wall drives me nuts. It's like a beacon for your eye. It just draws you to it. So, do you go to Home Depot and get a colored switch plate? Well, what if you got a weird color on your wall? Or sometimes you just want the same exact finish. Daniel has the best paint hack for switch covers in the world. Take it away, Daniel. Uh, so utilize the same switch plate that actually works on that painted. These are smart switches, so they do have some mechanism that is different. So, we actually taped that part off carefully. That's cool. And painted the mass part, which is just your on andoff button. That way now you've minimized your actual white and you've actually blended it with your wall. Yeah. And then it goes away. A lot of you have you've probably thought of this before and maybe you've even tried it and it hasn't worked because you're afraid that your switch is going to get stuck or it's going to get scratched easily. How do you avoid sticking as it's drying? Right. Because you've got it in the on position or the off position. What do you do? So, we actually we took the plate off so you're not painting it together because then you're not getting excess paint in between those crevices and you're actually painting them in two separate spots. So, paint your switch separate from your plate. Okay, that's a good tip. Thank you. While we're here, one more paint hack. I think this is brilliant. I've heard of this before, but I haven't done it myself. But I watched the lines, the cutin lines here. When you have highly contrast white walls and black walls, how did you get such a clean line? So, with such dramatic colors, you always get the bleeding underneath the tape. Always. Even with blue tape, green tape, yellow tape, red tape, any tape. I It's It's a lot of red tape. So, what you do is you tape it off how you would normally, like along here, right? You actually take the wall color that's existing underneath and you paint it over your tape. Just a little a light coat so that any seeping is going to actually be the existing wall color when you pull that tape off. Then you go back, you let it dry, you go back and you actually paint your color that you want. When you pull that tape off, you've got a nice clean line like I've never seen before. I wish I'd have known this a long time ago. Excellent. If you know me, you know that I hate exposed cords. Hate, hate, hate. I get pictures from you guys all the time where people are showing me their televisions and what do they have? a cord showing down the wall all the way to plug in or they have like a little channel or something or they have a piece of furniture here with a cord showing that cannot happen and it's easy to rectify. Of course, I like it when you put a hole in the wall and you drop it down. But if you can't do that and you need to do something right away, we have a simple easy hack for you. Cost you almost nothing. Actually cost you nothing except this jolt. What did you do? just used existing uh wall color paint and just painted white. So I painted white and then in the den room I painted black. We'll show you what that looks like too because a whole black wall and a black everything and then this one white cord coming down. I'm like ah. So you painted it black. Yeah. And how much time did it take you? Two minutes. And what did it cost? Nothing. There is your free hack. Please take my advice on this. Please do this. Another friendly little hack is we couldn't find a nightstand that was small enough for this room other than one from a big box store, but we wanted it just a little more substantial. So, we added another piece of granite. So, another hack was this door, which we originally ordered for our upstairs master, but it was too small. Once we got in here, in order to utilize a door that opened, we'd have to push the bed way over. Rebecca doesn't like that, so we actually thought about using it here. So, that is a great hack. If you have something that you can't use, think about other spaces that it might actually work for. This is a great hack for a very small bathroom. Now, in this bathroom, we have a drop ceiling. So, it's not even 8 ft tall. It's 7 ft. What are you going to do to make that bathroom look bigger? My best advice is to do floor to ceiling mirrors, wall to- wall. Make sure that your mirror company cuts a hole in the center here so you can add a vanity light and then color drench your walls. What does that mean? It means all of the walls and the ceiling are painted the same rich deep color. Makes such a huge difference and makes the room look so much larger. So, here's another hack is this butcher block, which is now our folding table, was from the dining room banquet area. Fit perfect and saved hundreds of dollars on just reusing what you have that you are taking from another area. Also, we reused the old bar cabinet into now becoming all the guest room towels. rethink your items and move them around and you'll save a lot of money. Here's a designer hack for you. If you've ever bought a piece of furniture at a store and you wanted to then take a swatch of the fabric and go around and try to find matching or or coordinating fabrics that match the color exactly, it's a long search. Did you know that if you want to do things like add pillows that match the headboard to go on the chair and then maybe buy some extra fabric to have it go on the window treatments. Do you know it's as simple as asking the person, the salesperson to order you additional yards of fabric from the exact same furniture store so that you can get it just right and it saves you a lot of time. I have a super valuable design tip for you. When you're putting lighting in your home, pay attention to the light bulbs that come with the fixtures or if you're selecting light bulbs, pay attention to the temperature. In other words, does it go super yellow? Do you want it to be that amber looking or does it go almost blue? It's so bright. They call it natural daylight, but it's not. It's really I call it blue white. Anyway, this fixture, I love this thing. When I came here, when I arrived, I walked into the room. This fixture had different bulbs in it. It had these. I'm going to have Daniel take one of these out and show you what it looked like. It turned this whole room instead of looking like a smoky muddy color for the paint. It looked more to me like this kind of uh almost coppery apricot looking. And it to me it messed with the color vibe. So, just by changing out the bulbs to be incandescent 15 W bulbs, we got the color tonation back to where it should be. Always keep in mind the bulbs you use. And just just an important point, pick one color and stick with it in a room. I cannot stand to be in a room that two of the canned lights are lighter, brighter, and then two of these are yellowower. That doesn't work. They all need to be consistent. We counted three hacks that you did in your primary bathroom. Correct. Those are what? So, we kept the same vanity, but to spruce it up, change all your fixtures and they're different colored actually now. So, utilize bringing in that brass in from the other room, changing the stop topper with it. A lot of people don't think to do that, but what he's saying is this is exactly the same vanity they had before, but it looks so much better just by changing out the fixtures and doing the hardware knobs. Yes. Also, as you suggested, was a wall to-all mirror, but don't be afraid to ask your people to actually put holes in that mirror for where your existing light fixtures are. A lot of people don't know to do that. So, you'll see bathrooms that may have a mirror that goes from wall to wall and from the top of the backsplash, but then they stop it short because they think, "Well, a light's going to go up there." You don't realize you can actually have a hole cut in it and they can do it. The hack with the mirror means this is how you make your bathroom look larger. There was a time when we all put in framed mirrors above each one of our sinks and that was a decorative thing and that was a trend at the time. I'm trying to get people to go to, hey, maximize your space. So, this hack of using mirror wall to- wall, floor to ceiling or backsplash to ceiling is a great one. How many of you have countertops in your bathrooms that are so cluttered and so full of things? Well, Daniel has quite the selection of cologne. Yeah, like 40 bottles of cologne. So, what did you do? If you see before this wall to-all mirror, remember I had that shelf in here that was mounted to the wall, but it was more of the rod iron and whatnot. I still liked it the concept being visual. Yeah. But by adding the acrylic shelves, it's now see-through, so those shelves go away and you really see the And this cable is so minimalist and then it's just literally mounted to the ceiling. I think that's brilliant. All right, I can't wait for you to show us the hacks in your closet. This closet has a few hacks. Let's actually take a look of it, what it looked like before. So, you can see it's gone over a big transformation. We put in a whole new wardrobe system, which utilized all of the space and maximized for everything. We put in some great pullout drawers for every accessory. one for actually folding when we're up here and we need to put our clothes away. We also had this corner that we could not put a system on or any shelves or anything. So, we actually utilized it for a fulllength mirror, wrapping it completely around it and taking it as Rebecca would suggest all the way to the floor. We also painted and added a new light fixture, feeling like we maximized the whole space of this small closet. If you've actually watched our reveal video, you've noticed this wood is a consistent theme throughout our house. So, in order to keep that theme, we had an existing sconce at the top. We added two more electrical boxes, but I kind of made my own wall sconce by just taking that the same simple boards, adding a little spacer to keep it off the wall, but then running a complete rope light around it and hard wiring it in. Now we have three amazing sconces up this stairway that keep within the flow of our house. Each sconce probably cost us about $15 to $20. Are you loving this hack video? Because we are. I mean, as I walked through Daniel's home, I was just amazed at how many things he did that I would consider hacks. I considered this a hack. He said, "That's not a hack." And as we thought about it, we actually realized it is because what this is in this room, this is the den, which is also the dog's room. Yep. He utilized dead space. So tell us what you did, Daniel. Uh, so this is the stairwell obviously and behind it was a closet. Was it utilized? No. It's called dead space. We actually embedded the fish tank within it, allowing us to still have access to it because it's a closet. And this is an action piece. But I think the cleverest part is when you put this in, you know, there are stairs here, okay? So, you're limited on how far this direction you can go, which meant by the time you had it done, it stopped. There was only a little bit of drywall left. So, you had a great idea to Right. Because we still had the support for the stairs, we actually extended it. The drywall. The drywall and created a false wall. So, now that did two things. We eliminated seeing the door. Mhm. And we centered the fish tank, giving it more balance to the room. So, as you can see over here, we did add this. It's probably about a foot of extended wall, which now also hides the door to the fish tank room. So, in here, you can see all the fish equipment, the lighting, the any extra that we need. It's all hidden. And behind the door, speaking of dead space, another one is let's take a look at this before. As you can see, that was the TV wall. Now, we actually have art on there, and we've changed where we actually view our media. It now drops down from the ceiling, utilizing all of that space, and actually getting a great design aspect and multi-purpose, very functional, but still you get everything it is that you need without taking up any floor space, right? Yeah. It's great hack. Lest you think that all of the home hacks are done on the interior of the house. Oh, Contrer, we've got some outdoor home hacks as well. So, I'm going to have Daniel go through those with you right now. You're actually sitting on one of our favorite hacks. Okay. This piece of wood came from that door entryway. So, when they put in this new door, they had to cut out the old header. And with these older homes, it was a solid piece of wood. I mean, how many times do people do that? And before you know it, off in the trash goes a nice usable piece of wood that's like a plank. And this is this is solid, right? This is solid. And there were several people that wanted it and we said, "Unfortunately, we're keeping it." We thought of maybe a bench at our D at the outside table, but we actually found these legs on Amazon, sanded it down, put a clear coat on it, and we thought it great here because you still have the view when you come out that door. Yeah. because there's no back to it. You see right over it to this U-shaped sofa sectional area and the fire pit fire pit. And so this wood warmed it up a little bit and it continues with the wood on our deck. So we're going to go over and take a look at that wood now cuz I actually love the natural elements as you sit here. He has repeated a matter throughout his yard. We're going to show this to you now. So the deck was just we knew we wanted some warmth there because it was feeling very cold, right? Cuz of the black wall and whatnot. So we actually just got lumber, cheap lumber. Is now is this the fence post lumber? This is just right. These are just 2 by sixes I believe and made a deck that kind of filled in that space. One of the things I liked is last night I saw it for the first time at night and he actually lit underneath of the deck. So where there's a little bit of spacing through there, right? It's it's not just back lit, it's underlit. It looks amazing. And then what do you have? Explain to us how you made these. Um so these are simple uh 1 by twos. They're what a dollar something a board and we just spaced them out evenly. And so all lattice work is usually really thin and narrow and we wanted something a little bit more airy and spacey. So and substantial, right? And then you put like a spacer so that it doesn't lean directly against the wall. There's some depth in between. And then planted vines in front of it. What would you estimate that each of these lattises cost you to make? Um let one two three four. So maybe like 12. He's doing math here. 12 to$15. Yeah, 12 to$15. Now, if you'd have bought this, it would have been way more expensive and it wouldn't have looked anywhere near as good and it would have been half the size and you didn't finish the wood, so it's super easy, super fast, but it gives you that organic feel. I love that. This was a last minute idea of yours to create some sort of a wind barrier, right? So, tell us what this is and not only that, but what's sitting on top of it? Both of these things are things that Daniel made that he could have spent a lot of money for, but he did it himself and got it at a fraction of the price. Yeah. So, we knew we wanted some type of a wind barrier in this area, but it also kind of makes it more intimate. So, we actually built this divider from the other side. And it's really just two 4x4s and we bolted it to the cement and we again nail gunned. These are actually cedar fence boards. They're already thin, cheap. We spaced it out so air can still flow through here. So, we didn't have to be super strong because it can still come through here. And then we added this moss art piece. Tell us about the art piece. He made that you guys. I know, right? It's like almost like a living wall tor kind of feel, but it's moss. Yeah. So, sent me a picture. He was at some office and they had a kind of the same concept but it was a whole wall and they said what if we did something like that as our divider and we came up with a few other ideas but so we actually just made it an art piece and so you made the frame. Yeah, we made the frame and the board that it's on. It's on a basically a 2x4 $10 board from Lowe's, Home Depot, wherever the frame, painted it all black, and then we glued all this moss onto it, creating our own art. Isn't that creative? By the way, I think this is also great for shading you from the sun, you know, cuz I can feel the sun coming in on my back, and I'm sure this creates kind of a nice little shady area as well. But by bringing this green here, I think it just softened this area. And it literally is outdoor art. You could make this for the interior as well. Oh, yeah. Tell me what you think this costs to make. Moss is not cheap. No, that was probably I mean that was the most expensive part. Um the wall I think I spent 80 bucks on a wall for $80. And guess on this on the moss piece it was probably about a hundred bucks because we bought some really cool moss. So, for less than $200, you too can have something amazing like this in your home. Take some of your time, but wow, what a great hack. And then we want you to stay tuned because we have one last hack that's an exterior hack, but it's on the front yard. And when Daniel told me what I when I saw it and I pulled up, I saw it first thing and I thought that oh, that looks so good. I had no idea he made this thing. And then when he told me how he made it, blew my mind. It's probably the coolest hack and probably the cheapest hack. The orb part is the cheapest part obviously and that was just How so? Because it's really just a Tell me how you made Okay. A bag of concrete. Uh I used water. Water. Yeah, everybody should have that. Um and the drywall tape. That's the mesh fiberglass. Okay. And a yoga ball. That's the part that I couldn't believe. He made that orb out of a inflated yoga ball. One of those big ones, you know, that you sit on. But here's the thing. If your husband has one at his desk, just use that. They don't look so good in the office anyway. Make a great little fountain outside. Go ahead. So with that though, you want to inflate it almost so that it's stiff and almost to its fullest capability. It's gonna get pretty big. Okay. Um and then you just dip that strips is how I did it. And I literally like paperiermâché. So I did a couple layers of the And how long does it take to do that? Uh you want it to dry for a day or so in between it. And then But how long did it take you to do those strips? Um maybe an hour each layer. Okay. So the longest part is just drying in between and waiting. And you do two layers or three layers? I did two layers of the mesh and then I put a thin layer of actual cement on the outside of it. Now the ball has not been deflated. You keep it flated. Inflated. And yours has a texture on it, doesn't it? Right. Cuz I used the concrete that has the sand in it. So we wanted that texture just so that the water has movement in it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So, we put the pump in and then we covered it with some rebar and then chicken wire and mesh and then put the rocks and the orb on top of it. Did you have to drill a hole anywhere? I mean, how does the water come out? So, I didn't go all the way to the bottom of the orb and I removed the yoga ball. So, what did you have to pop it or? No, I just deflated it. And so, now it's reusable. It's a reusable yoga ball. Good to know. And then we put drilled a hole in the top for the water to come out. Yeah. And then you got a pump and then you got a tube. I got PVC and a end cap on that so that the water by the time it hits the top it's just trickles out. That is amazing. Now it's not a You have to fill it with water periodically, right? Periodically. And it's not an autofill thing. No. Yeah. That would be taking it to the next level. But for how much do you think you spent on that? I mean, with the pump, if you were to buy a new one, we had it because of the pond, but with everything, probably like 50 bucks. Can you imagine? That's what I call a contemplative fountain, right? You guys, thank you so much for sharing your home with us in the first video that we saw. If you haven't seen the reveal of their home, it's quite spectacular. You should go see it. It's amazing what they did, but especially the hacks because that I think is really relatable to people and it's such a great way to stretch your budget and to achieve the things that you want. It takes some time, but honestly, when you do projects like this, it's fun, you know? It it's it's work, right? But you have a tremendous amount of pleasure knowing that this is something that you created yourself. So, thank you so much, Schult. Absolutely. And thank you, Daniel. You're welcome. All right. I look forward to seeing you guys in our next video coming up on Saturday at 300 PM Central. Thanks for joining us. Love you guys. And don't forget to leave a comment, subscribe, and join the design sessions. Good lord. Join the design sessions. Well, you know how I feel about that. All right. See you guys next time. Bye bye. The bell. bell. Don't sit on the left. Okay.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rebeccarobeson1 [207 likes]: I STILL can't get over how creative Daniel and Szolt are... R I G H T!? 😍 From painting the light switches to that GENIUS island extension… this video is PACKED with designer-worthy hacks anyone can do. Which one are YOU going to try in your own home?? Let’s chat below... I’ll be reading your comments! RR
  2. @cherylacampora670: Crazy good talent!
  3. @bev.sarkonak5646: I would love to see the Orb done step by step ---looks amazing
  4. @bev.sarkonak5646: Thanks Rebecca - this video was amazing!  Thank you!  Only concern is painting the switch plates -  do you coat it after - to prevent scraping off?  thanks.
  5. @mstashstar: Why is she sitting on the coffee table LOL
  6. @SAHMlili: These hacks are insanely good I can’t get enough 😍😍😍
  7. @Susanadallasrealtor: I have friends in Palm Springs and they are like Daniel and Szolt very creative! I am sending this video to them... Anyway I watched this video with so much attention and interest. Thank you!
  8. @shrinkingviolet3: Rebecca looks so pretty in this video! Wow
  9. @Pridewith: I Rebecca i love the table foot for the big table in Daniel and Szolt home i watch your show every day. Can he say where he bought thoes table foot please.
  10. @vinylauber3518: Best channel ever , i had learn so much ... my only regret in this life is not be a home designer , so frustrating , all these videos are blessed food for my soul, thank you❤
  11. @angyfuentes2184: Bombillas incandescentes de 15 Wats
  12. @angyfuentes2184: Super tip agregar granito a su mesita lateral
  13. @l.torres8165: Can you share where can i purchase the acrylic shelves from the bathroom?
  14. @AnnetteMitton: Absolutely blew my socks off!❤😊
  15. @PatriciaRodriguez-dm7oc: God Bless You Rebecca! Wishing you a Happy Easter!!!
  16. @SharonWadecanadiangirl227: Love these hacks!  You gentlemen are very creative!  Great job guys!  ❤
  17. @lindaramirez8768: Where the hell have you been my whole life?!?!?!  Amazing "super high end" hacks.   I'll be binging on your vids today.  TY
  18. @patriciakoonce9992: Love the hacks.
  19. @jessicap1832: Everything looks AMAZING!!! Love the vibe❤
  20. @hellohappy2: Several great ideas here. Thanks!

- Psychology Of Luxury | 5-Star Hotel Tricks For Your Home: Kind: captions Language: en imagine waking up in a space that feels like a luxury Escape crisp sheets soft lighting a Serene atmosphere where everything is intentional no clutter no stress just pure Elegance now what if I told you that turning your home into a five-star experience isn't about spending thousands but about knowing a few secrets that even high-end hotels don't want you to know I've spent nights in some of the world's most luxurious hotels from hidden Boutique gems in Paris to high-rise suets in Dubai and over time I started noticing patterns small details that made a huge difference in the way these spaces felt so today I'm breaking it all down how to bring hotel luxury into your home without breaking the bank let's start with the centerpiece the bed ever wonder why Hotel Beds feel so perfect you could be staying at a mid-range Marriott and yet the bed feels like a cloud meanwhile you get home and your bed feels ordinary the secret it's not just the mattress let's reveal their top three secrets on luxurious bedding triple sheeting most people think thread count is what makes luxury sheets wrong hotels use triple sheeting a fitted sheet a flat sheet then a duvet cover and another flat sheet this creates that crisp cool feel that never traps too much heat pillow trick hotels use a mix of down and down alternative pillows so you get a combination of softness and structure if your pillows are lifeless they're the reason your bed doesn't feel luxurious the duvet hack double up on duvet inside one cover for an ultra plush feel did you know most Hotel mattresses are not as high-end as they claim they're often medium firm mass-produced and designed for longevity not Comfort the real magic is in the bedding layers so before you go splurging on a new mattress upgrade your bedding setup first let's talk about lighting the unspoken hero of luxury walk into any five-star hotel and notice this you'll never find a single harsh ceiling light glaring down at you hotels use three layers of lighting ambient this is the soft warm light from sconces floor lamps or even LED strips behind Furniture task lighting think bedside lamps with warm bulbs for evening reading accent lighting subtle highlights like under cabinet lighting in kitchens or candles in the bathroom what's the mistake most people make relying only on overhead lights we have a video where we talked about these three types of lighting for small spaces I will leave the link in the description below I once stayed at a resort in Kyoto Japan and the room was a literal Le in lighting the moment I turned on the lights it wasn't just bright it was cinematic soft glows shadows in the right places it was like stepping into a dream and guess what the room wasn't even that fancy it was just lit perfectly the fix swap cold LED bulbs for warm tone bulbs add a dimmer and layer lighting boom instant luxury let's talk about scent the invisible luxury luxury hotels have a signature scent walk into a Ritz Carlton or a Four Seasons and the air is different it's subtle it's fresh it's relaxing here's how they do it and how you can copy it essential oil diffusers unlike cheap air fresheners these create a soft lasting scent try bergamont plus vanilla for that Spa vibe scented linen spray a hotel trick lightly Mist your sheets with lavender spray before bed hidden candles instead of lighting them place them in your closet or drawers to keep clothes lightly scented we get used to the smells of our home so we don't notice them but guests do that's why hotels refresh their scent constantly avoid clutter the enemy of luxury this is where minimalist meets high-end design luxury is not about owning less it's about curating better hotels never have piles of random junk too many decorative items competing for attention overstuffed Furniture instead they focus on intentional design I once stayed in a hotel in Santorini that had almost nothing in the room no TV no desk just a bed a chair and a view and it felt richer than any luxury Suite I'd been in why because everything had purpose if you want your home to feel high-end start removing things not adding here's where we take it next level use big hotel style towels oversized white plush small towels equal cheap large highquality towels equal luxury let's see the secret final touches that make a room feel expensive trays and layering hotels love using trays for perfumes coffee setups or bathroom essentials mirrors and reflective surfaces these make small spaces feel bigger and brighter custom artwork instead of generic wall art frame personal photos in black and white instant high-end touch all right so now you know exactly how to make your home feel like a five-star hotel but here's my challenge to you pick one thing from this video and do it today whether it's swapping out your bedding fixing your lighting or decluttering one space just start and if you're ready for more make sure to subscribe because next time we're talking about the luxury items that cost nothing see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @josephmisener1859 [5 likes]: A clean home will also lower your blood pressure...
  2. @سوسوحبوب-ف2ز [4 likes]: You just solved a massive problem for me!
  3. @anastasijapilnikova5732 [3 likes]: Fresh Flowers 🥰🙏 GRATEFUL for these Simple Reminders 🥰🙏
  4. @sarahvasquez5074 [2 likes]: Thank you.
  5. @tjleonard8282 [2 likes]: I like the lays potato chip lighting at 0:20
  6. @K_Dubln [2 likes]: The triple sheeting method and doubling up on duvets are such simple yet effective ways to get that plush, high-end hotel feel at home🛌✨
  7. @TanviPurohit-l7u [2 likes]: The double duvet hack is such a game-changer for that ultra-plush hotel feel ☁ It's amazing how these small, intentional details can completely transform a home without a huge budget
  8. @TrainedbyColton [2 likes]: Turning your home into a five-star experience isn't about spending thousands but about knowing a few secrets that even high-end hotels don't want you to know
  9. @tannerbuilds [1 likes]: The tip about layering lighting instead of relying on harsh overheads is such a game changer for creating a high-end feel. Great insights on making luxury accessible
  10. @mothballs_not_moths [1 likes]: A potted orchid is a super easy hotel touch.
  11. @BambooCozyDecor [1 likes]: I’m absolutely obsessed with your design philosophy, @NOMORA! ✨ This video on the 'Psychology of Luxury' is a total eye-opener. I especially loved your tip about the 'duvet hack' and layering lights to create that cinematic hotel vibe [03:25]. 🌿 Your storytelling makes high-end decor feel so accessible and achievable for everyone.

I've already swapped my cool LED bulbs for warm ones, and the difference is magical! 🙌 One tiny suggestion: I’d love to see a video focusing on 'Luxury Bathroom' tricks specifically for very small spaces. It would be so helpful for apartment dwellers! Keep up the incredible work! 🥂🤍
  12. @josephmisener1859 [1 likes]: Waterfall sounds...
  13. @CarolsCalmSpace [1 likes]: So satisfying to watch! Sana ganito din ka organized bahay ko.
  14. @cecilyngoka9677 [1 likes]: Hotel ideas in the future
  15. @YOURBoiAlex123: The triple sheeting and layered lighting tips are absolute game-changers, It's amazing how these small, intentional details can completely transform the atmosphere of a home✨🏨
  16. @galitjustme: What kind of heartless monster uses down nowadays when there are so many cruelty free alternatives
  17. @liam59777: ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
  18. @julierogers9499: I can’t wait to get home to my own bed.
  19. @Saint_Trader_TV: when I hear " they dont want you to know" it sound scam to me, just close and report VDO
  20. @josephmisener1859: I want to be lit perfectly...

- Alternatives to Marble & Wood — The Complete Engineering Guide to Budget Luxury: Kind: captions Language: en With the first cool breezes in our region, [music] the entire direction of the home shifts. We close the doors of our air-conditioned living rooms and head out [music] to the courtyard, backyard, or rooftop to enjoy the most beautiful months of the year. >> [music] [music] >> Turning dreams into reality. But from an engineering perspective [music] at Hand Ausley, we see that many outdoor spaces remain lifeless or uncomfortable either due [music] to poor layout, lack of privacy, or excessive cold that drives you back indoors within minutes. Today, we'll take you on a journey to design the perfect [music] winter entrance or outdoor seating area. We'll show you how to transform a small [music] corner of your yard into a warm retreat that brings family and friends together. [music] From choosing weather-resistant flooring to the art of placing a fire pit or heater, all the way to lighting that turns [music] your space into a private resort. Get ready because your next winter will begin right outside your door with touches that blend [music] warmth and luxury. Comfort in any outdoor seating area begins with a sense of privacy. [music] In our homes, we can't truly relax if we feel exposed to neighboring windows or nearby walkways. >> The engineering solution in 2026 is privacy screening. Instead of solid concrete walls that make the space feel cramped, we use treated wood panels WPC that withstands summer heat and winter rain. Or we rely on vertical gardens, not just decorative, but excellent visual barriers and natural sound absorbers. These elements should be placed [music] strategically. Focus on angles visible from higher windows and maintain a height of at least 2.20 m >> to create the feeling of an outdoor room under the open sky. One of the biggest mistakes [music] in outdoor setups is placing rugs directly on ceramic floors, exposing them to moisture and quick damage. From an engineering standpoint, outdoor flooring must be slip [music] resistant and weatherproof. At Handysly, we recommend the hybrid floor, [music] combining high-quality artificial grass for a natural feel with wood-look porcelain tiles under furniture for stability and easy cleaning. Also, divide the space into zones. Don't place the grill right next to the seating area. The smoke will ruin both the atmosphere and the fabrics. Maintain at least [music] a 3-m buffer between the fire or cooking area and the main seating zone >> and ensure clear, well-lit pathways. In winter, fire becomes the magnetic center that gathers people. You have two main engineering options [music] for warmth. A traditional wood fire pit offers authentic ambiance in the scent [music] of burning wood, but requires a properly designed chimney to prevent smoke from returning to the seating area. Modern heaters, such as bioethanol or gas, >> are clean, smoke-free, and can safely be placed at the center of the seating area. >> At Handysly, we prefer circular fire pits as they allow everyone to gather evenly around the flame, >> enhancing intimacy and distributing warmth equally. Don't forget tall pyramid gas heaters for distant [music] corners to maintain balanced heat across the space. Outdoor furniture in winter should [music] promise maximum comfort. We look for durable outdoor sofa sets with strong bases. The key is using water-repellent [music] fabrics treated against mold and moisture. To complete the luxurious winter feel, use [music] layering. Add heavy wool or cashmere throws and cushions made of fur or leather. These details visually increase warmth and invite you to stay longer. Choose warm tones [music] that absorb light, such as burnt brown or charcoal gray, to create a cozy embracing atmosphere. [music] Lighting defines the mood of the space. In winter, we need [music] very warm lighting, around 2200 K. Use string lights at varying heights to create a festive and [music] inviting feel. Also include pathway lighting for safe movement. The golden [music] tip from Hendasly is to use floor lanterns with real candles or flickering LED lights. The reflection [music] of candle light combined with firelight creates a calm, serene atmosphere [music] that no harsh electric lighting can replicate. Keep lighting soft and positioned low >> to enhance the sense of warmth. What about strong winds or rain? From an engineering [music] perspective, a pergola is the smartest investment for outdoor spaces. In 2026, [music] we recommend louvered pergolas, adjustable slats that open for sunlight during the day and close completely during rain. They can also be equipped with transparent [music] zip track screens that block wind and dust while allowing you to enjoy the rain in full comfort. >> This transforms your outdoor area into a fully functional extra room, increasing both the aesthetic and market value of your home. Designing a winter entrance is [music] not just about buying furniture. It's about creating a family experience. With simple engineering touches and smart [music] planning, your outdoor space can become your favorite place all season long. Make this winter different [music] and start applying these principles to your own space. Don't forget to subscribe and turn on notifications because [music] the next video will help you achieve luxury on a budget. Marble and wood alternatives, [music] how to get a premium look at a lower cost. Thank you for watching Hendasly. See you in the next video where we make your home smarter and more beautiful. [music] >> Turning dreams into reality.

- Design Psychology: 8 Tips for a Cosy Home (Architect-Approved): Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, we're going to go over&nbsp; eight timeless, tried and true ways of making&nbsp;&nbsp; your home feel really cozy and really warm.&nbsp; We're going to skip the obvious stuff like: throwing a blanket on a sofa, lighting some candles, getting a pet... love me LOVE ME! no, today, instead, we're going to go through&nbsp; the psychology of some of these strategies,&nbsp; so it doesn't matter what budget&nbsp; and what style you prefer,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll be able to furnish your&nbsp; home and make it feel really cozy. I have written a really, really, really&nbsp; long script for this video so I promise&nbsp;&nbsp; it's going to be worth your time, so stay with me. So the first thing is to avoid white&nbsp; colored light bulbs at all costs.&nbsp; I mean, for example, if I asked you which room&nbsp; looks cosier right now, which one would you pick? Most of you would pick the left option. The colour of your lighting can completely&nbsp; change how cozy or cold a room feels. Yellow light in the 2,700 to 3,000 Kelvin&nbsp; range mimics a warm glow of a setting sun;&nbsp;&nbsp; this is why we spend thousands of&nbsp; dollars on flights to go to beaches,&nbsp;&nbsp; so we can watch the sunset 'cause everyone looks&nbsp; good and feels good in that yellowish glow.&nbsp; And if you can buy something that's going to&nbsp; let you have this effect every single day,&nbsp;&nbsp; why would you do anything different? So we much prefer yellow light over&nbsp;&nbsp; white light because throughout history, the&nbsp; transition from daylight to the warm hues of&nbsp;&nbsp; sunset signal the end of the day's activities,&nbsp; and it was time for us to relax and wind down&nbsp; and chill and eat&nbsp; and cook and sleep&nbsp; and have bedtime stories. A room filled with warm earthy&nbsp; tones like deep browns, rich greens,&nbsp;&nbsp; and hints of red feels enveloping and comfortable. So now picture the same room decked out&nbsp; in bright white with gray furniture:&nbsp;&nbsp; it might feel clean and it might look&nbsp; sleek, but it definitely does not feel cozy.&nbsp; If we wanted to live in sleek,&nbsp; clean homes, why don't we all&nbsp;&nbsp; decorate our homes to be like hospitals? Christopher Alexander in the book "A Pattern&nbsp;&nbsp; Language", this is one of my favorite books to do&nbsp; with architecture and interior and urban design,&nbsp; so he explains in a chapter called warm colors, the greens and grays of hospital and the office&nbsp;&nbsp; corridors are depressing and cold; natural wood&nbsp; sunlight, bright colours are warm and the warmth&nbsp;&nbsp; of the colours in the room makes a great deal&nbsp; of difference between comfort and discomfort. So&nbsp;&nbsp; basically if you were to read all of these pages,&nbsp; what he's trying to say is that the combination&nbsp;&nbsp; of natural and artificial light bouncing off&nbsp; different surfaces is what creates a feeling&nbsp;&nbsp; of warmth in the space. The cumulative effect&nbsp; of light bouncing off every surface in the room&nbsp;&nbsp; needs to produce a warm yellowish glow, so the&nbsp; more warm-colour surfaces you have in your home,&nbsp;&nbsp; the more likely that the cumulative colour that is&nbsp; produced used in the space from the light is warm,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that slight tint will affect&nbsp; how everything in the room feels:&nbsp; people furniture&nbsp; food on the table. The next point is to use natural&nbsp; materials that are authentic. &nbsp; They bring warmth and texture into&nbsp; your space. Why? Some of you might ask.&nbsp; Well, I'm very glad you did, because I have a&nbsp; very good answer. According to the concept of&nbsp;&nbsp; biophilia, humans have an innate connection&nbsp; to nature and natural material materials because when we surround ourselves with&nbsp; natural elements that reminds us of the forest,&nbsp;&nbsp; of meadows, of the mountains, we feel more&nbsp; at ease, more relaxed, and yes, more cozy.&nbsp; So to make it work in your&nbsp; home, opt for real wood;&nbsp; wooden accents, wooden furniture, wooden decor,&nbsp; wooden frames; you can't go wrong with wood.&nbsp; They just make your home feel timeless and warm. You can also incorporate materials like natural&nbsp;&nbsp; stone, marble terrazzo in your counter tops&nbsp; and your furniture, and your decor pieces,&nbsp; and even small pieces like cork coasters, woven&nbsp; basket or natural jute rugs can make a space feel&nbsp;&nbsp; just a little bit more cozy. Bring the outside in! Minimalist design has stripped&nbsp; many homes of a key element that&nbsp;&nbsp; makes the space cozy, and that is texture. Imagine a living room with a thick wool rug,&nbsp;&nbsp; wood paneling, velvet cushions&nbsp; combined with soft mood lighting.&nbsp; Doesn't this feel so warm and cozy and inviting? Now, in contrast, imagine the space&nbsp;&nbsp; with smooth white walls very sleek shiny floors,&nbsp; plastic furniture, polished surfaces, it may&nbsp;&nbsp; look clean but it feels cold, flat and depressing. Texture is really really really important because&nbsp;&nbsp; it's everywhere in nature, and we love nature.&nbsp; From the rough bark of a tree to the patterns&nbsp; on the leaf to the stones in the riverbed,&nbsp; texture all around us. It's what makes nature&nbsp;&nbsp; so rich and engaging. Well, that and fresh air. Our eyes crave engagement and texture&nbsp; offers that in a subtle, comforting way. When these textures are missing in our homes, it&nbsp; creates what some people call "visual silence" a flatness that's not just&nbsp; boring but tiring to the eye. Without this visual engagement from texture,&nbsp;&nbsp; your space feels really lifeless&nbsp; no matter how tidy it is. So to add texture back into your home&nbsp; to make it cozy, here's what you can do: mix materials like velvet, wool,&nbsp; linen rugs to add warmth and comfort.&nbsp; Skip bare walls, try textured wallpaper wall paneling wall moldings lime wash is also super&nbsp; popular for this exact reason,&nbsp;&nbsp; that it provides very nice calming&nbsp; colors but it also has texture. You can also choose textured art like&nbsp; woven tapestries, or incorporate objects&nbsp;&nbsp; around your home with unique surfaces like texture&nbsp; glassware, brush metal accents, some clay pots... everything that's not super sleek and shiny,&nbsp; but that has like a slight bumpiness to it. Take a look at these two images: which one do you find more cozy? Most of you would probably choose this one, but why? Uniform lighting makes&nbsp; everything flat and lifeless.&nbsp; Uneven lighting feels way more natural&nbsp; and inviting; they create an interplay&nbsp;&nbsp; of light and shadow which is very much&nbsp; like the light we find again in nature. the light in nature is dappled,&nbsp; constantly moving, constantly in flux.&nbsp; If you want to make your home&nbsp; feel really cozy and inviting,&nbsp;&nbsp; with all of these pools of light and&nbsp; dark shadows, here's what you can do: use lamps all around your home at night. Never ever use a big light. Only use a big light in an emergency, like, when you can't find your keys and you need to leave the house because the house is on fire. There is no substitute for fire. Flickering fire light is&nbsp; one of the most comforting&nbsp;&nbsp; and cozy elements you can have in a home. There's something primal about fire that&nbsp; comforts us on a psychological level, unless you're the Hound from Game of Thrones. For centuries, fire has provided not just&nbsp; warmth but a sense of safety and relaxation,&nbsp;&nbsp; so to bring this feeling into your home&nbsp; if you don't have fireplace, you can: use candles group them together they make a great alternative. Always choose warm yellow light that is&nbsp; more reminiscent of fire than hospitals. And if you can install your lights on a dimmer,&nbsp; so at night when you want everything to feel a bit&nbsp;&nbsp; more calm and cozy, just turn the brightness&nbsp; down a bit; it will make a big difference. When you walk into a room, the way the furniture&nbsp;&nbsp; is arranged can make you feel either&nbsp; really comfortable, or a bit uneasy. This is because some rooms are far too open,&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to create enclosures&nbsp; in all these pockets of space.&nbsp; You have a couch sitting alone in the midle&nbsp; of the room, it's going to feel uncomfortable,&nbsp;&nbsp; but but if you were to add a lamp over it with&nbsp; a side table and maybe a plant and some flowers, it would immediately feel much better. This is enclosure in action. It's the same reason why when you're sitting&nbsp; under a tree, it feels more comfortable. The tree provides shelter and the shadow&nbsp; it casts provides a boundary which makes&nbsp;&nbsp; you feel a bit more sheltered&nbsp; and protected and enclosed. So this idea applies to every&nbsp; single space in your home as well. Spaces with defined boundaries,&nbsp; whether it's a canopy over a bed, a pendant light above a table, or&nbsp; furniture that's tucked into a corner,&nbsp;&nbsp; will help your brain feel more&nbsp; relaxed when you're in it. Think about the difference between walking through&nbsp;&nbsp; nature with the gentle slope of a hill and&nbsp; the flowing river winding all around you,&nbsp;&nbsp; versus walking through the sharp angular&nbsp; cityscape with pointy buildings and sharp edges. One feels really soothing and calm&nbsp; and the other one feels dynamic,&nbsp;&nbsp; and more alive but also more stressful. Curves work at relaxing us&nbsp; because our brains are wired&nbsp;&nbsp; to perceive these shapes as safe and comforting. On the other hand, sharp angular&nbsp; shapes often signal danger:&nbsp;&nbsp; jagged rocks Thorns Cactus knives. I mean, it's quite good if you want to feel&nbsp; more stimulated by the space and to feel&nbsp;&nbsp; more energized, then you incorporate&nbsp; a lot of dynamic lines everywhere, but if you want to feel calm and&nbsp; cozy, curves is is the way to go. So to incorporate curves and&nbsp; organic shapes in your home,&nbsp;&nbsp; choose rounded furniture, add curvy patterns,&nbsp; use circular decor items like mirrors, artwork, organic shaped vases. If you found this video helpful, be sure&nbsp; to check out the other videos popping on&nbsp;&nbsp; your screen right now that tells you how&nbsp; to create a comfortable, feel-good home. And make sure to subscribe so&nbsp; you stay updated on all the other&nbsp;&nbsp; useful educational design related&nbsp; content I might post in the future! No, I'll definitely post!&nbsp; I think I will be posting&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot for a very long time so please subscribe! Thank you, byeeeeeeeeee.

  Top Comments:
  1. @baixu [158 likes]: BOOK MENTIONED
(GERMANY) A Pattern Language, Towns, Buildings, Construction: https://amzn.to/3Oc6af8
(UNITED STATES) A Pattern Language, Towns, Buildings, Construction: https://amzn.to/3ALVaSp
(UNITED KINGDOM) A Pattern Language, Towns, Buildings, Construction: https://amzn.to/3UWX0GX

COSY or COZY?
Hi everyone! I've noticed lots of comments about whether it should be "cozy" or "cosy." Just to clarify, "cosy" is the British English spelling, and since I'm from the UK, it's the version I'm used to! Of course, both spellings are correct—it's just a matter of preference and where you're from. 😊

TIMESTAMPS
0:00 intro
0:42 avoid this bulb like the plague
1:42 feeling of warmth
3:10 embrace nature like our ancestors
4:13 visual silence
6:06 pools of light
6:56 there is no substitute for fire
7:41 set boundaries
8:35 embrace curves
  2. @BriskeySchaffter: Mid-century vibes done right 👏
  3. @wwd1239: Fantastic information!😃👏👌 I absolutely loooove the biophilia concept ❤🌿
  4. @jainebenson124: I agree with everything you say!!
New sub today!
  5. @Angeltara02: You got my like with the never used big lights unless the house is on fire comment lol
  6. @eeffocian88: so good!! can you recommend an actual ID that i can work with in singapore? @baixu
  7. @oliviaeff4154: I love that couch behind you! Where is it from?
  8. @SamDaniels: You talk about warmth, but you have white walls and a grey sofa behind you.
  9. @hughtrevor-flopper3214: The stunning thing is that any of this needs pointing out.
  10. @goblinslayerrr: so basically dress up our home like the outdoors! got it
  11. @samhepditch9215: Nice - moving into a new apartment and will incorporate some of these ideas. I never have heard anyone articulate why these different elements make a room feel cozy, now I can explain why a room makes me feel a certain way. Thank you. Subscribing :)
  12. @HiHi-ek1dd: Hey
  13. @spatnaspolecnost: It’s not the hospitals fault. No, it’s your own fault. Don’t get sick, otherwise you need hospital to heal you. It’s an important mindset shift. We would be screwed without hospitals.

Now to set my house on fire to make everything feel as cozy as possible…
  14. @dianethomas978: Like when your house is on fire.........That cracked me up! Thanks for your videos they are so informative.  I'm going through all of them.
  15. @selinanmasaba9576: Thank you
  16. @teemadarif8243: This is your calling 🎉🎉🎉
  17. @samuelayodele2309: Im in my first home and im looking to create a warm room. Modern design is boring in my opinion
  18. @Keri-o7b1t: Cozy not cosy.
  19. @worldprincess420: "im not gonna bring up candles" step 7 says otherwise
  20. @PatrickNiedermayer: love your calm clear art of presenting :-) Good Video. I see why it got 2 mio views :)

- 🏡 decorating my new york city apartment (colorful & maximalist): Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] [Music] hello everyone it is Lyn again long time no talk no see no doing anything on the internet really to explain my monthlong absence from YouTube I have just been not here so I am on 2 months of having moved in but I've only been here month because I've been out of town I was in Switzerland for a really truly life-changing experience and then it was my birthday I'm now 23 woo and I'm actually about to leave again but in between all of the traveling and exciting awesome things that I can't wait to tell youall about I have found some Pockets to decorate my apartment and unpack the general saying is that you're not completely unpacked until 3 months and I'm really hoping that's true but we're just not quite there yet to give you an update on everything that I've done to my New York City Apartment I thought I'd just talk you through it I really like the videos that Benji does where he just runs you through his home decor projects and I'm like I like talking and I've been decorating my apartment why not let's Yap and let's decorate and I also like hearing people's thought process behind the design choices or the furniture pieces they buy my qualifications for interior decorating is I have a childhood bedroom that is still viral on Pinterest so you've definitely seen it before no interior design aggree I'm just having fun you know I have my iced coffee today I hope you have water tea anything to keep you hydrated throughout this video but without further Ado let's jump right on in yay we are going to start at my living room because I think the developments that I've made here have been my favorite first off I am a maximalist at heart but I realize that I still like things to feel and be balanced and I do mean that physically you know with these floating shelves but also just to the eye I want there to be a ton of color I want there to be interesting shapes and a lot of textures but not to the point where you're like wow I'm overwhelmed I recently met a designer who was so so cool his rural thumb he doesn't believe in like personal style or aesthetic and instead he wants to make and design things that causes people to want to look again so that's kind of what I put in thought process wise you look once you're like oh it's some of Lyn's books but they also happen to be some of my favorite books of all time with the exception of yellow face all the books on the bottom shelf are fantasy fantasy will always be one of my favorite genres since the top shelf has a lot going on keeping the second shelf all books it's kind of simplified and almost grounds the entire display and the second shelf it gets a little bit interesting I have a plant here I went plant shopping a while back and I am waiting to find the right Pottery the right planter to put my plants in I currently only have two I'm traveling a lot for the next 4 months so I don't want to commit to any big plants that require a lot of care like I will probably kill them so I'm trying to be realistic I'm trying to be realistic in terms of life expectancy of my plans I would like to keep it Infinity yeah and on the right hand side I have a display of smiies in a mini living room fun fact a great way to keep any figurines any knickknacks in place is by using the poster PTY since it's so malleable you can do it to pretty much anything I love this art print by Inner Peach I have three of their art prints hanging in my living room actually and this one I feel like the color palette fits the book spines and my friend Jen got me a cat clock that I've been wanting for forever specifically in this dark blue navy color and she gifted it to me for graduating college thank you so much Jen I love you and the last display of books are being held up by a rack that's actually made to be placed horizontally but I saw online I'll link them in the description and like tag them here I think it's so genius they turned it vertical so they can put their books on the wall it's a very inexpensive but also versatile way to store and display your books mostly because if you end up not wanting to use it for books anymore you can still repurpose it for your dishes and a big update that you would know if you watch my last video is that I could configure my couch to fit lengthwise hot dog style I love this couch so much it's so comfortable and for some reason I woke up one day and I was like dang maybe it's time for me to grow up I don't want to have plushies on my couch anymore I want to have real throw pillows maybe this is just a revelation that happens when you turn 23 one of my co-workers um told me that oh the moment you turn 23 life just starts to go downhill and it's over that's not to be taken too seriously but I feel like something is happening to my brain chemistry many people have also told me that you change a lot the first year out of postgrad and I'm just like well this is exhibit a of my brain chemistry changing however I still have my jasmine rice pillow look at this color scheme it's so perfect I love blue green red I've been referring back to my Milo note boards that I created right when I moved in for my color palette and it's actually anchored a lot of my design you might know from my last video that I have a Nook right here that's kind of a strange cutout I didn't know what to do with it except maybe two options I have a very tall plant there or I get a cat tree but also my cat even though she likes climbing to high places in my old apartment she would constantly be somehow parkouring up to above the kitchen cabinets what are you doing there you're 13 you're supposed to be elderly but you're acting you have so much energy all the time how but she doesn't like using things that are meant for her AKA scratchers or cat trees so I'm really hoping she warms up to using this and I've sprinkled catnip and stuff for her so she knows it's you know a place where she can play but at the moment she still pref refers you know being on the couch couch why do I buy you things and you not want to use them bro I like to call this my reading Corner because there's a green Banker lamp which I've wanted since I was a child something about this just is so quintessential to the dorkey light Academia aesthetic in another life I would have gotone a library science degree and Masters and been a librarian and as you can tell I only put paperbacks on here because I am scared of it breaking so no hard covers another part of me being like maybe I should grow up and maybe buy more adult things for my apartment is I decided I do want a coffee table and this coffee table the wood is a lot more yellow than I thought it would be but I'm just rolling with it and I have no idea how to decorate the surface at the moment I feel like I need a tray or more plants the area where this is right now there was decoy Pond rug which I love but I ended up moving to my office I I got this checkered rug from revival it's actually very soft it's the perfect size it also has a rug pad underneath so it doesn't slip and slide very adult if you ask me I will say my only qualm about this rug is that if you want it to look nice and crisp PE need to vacuum it cuz the moment you step on it the rug tff will shift in Direction and then it'll look very trotten but there's something like very homey and cozy about that like a lot of people have been in your living room and left their footsteps yada yada yada also does anyone remember Mr Kate and how like she and her husband would do rug cuddles this is how soft the rug feels I just want to do a rug cuddle I could lie here forever and now for the main attraction which is this giant ass Gallery wall I do not want to go into deep detail of how I got up there if anyone asks I just jumped I have a 12T vertical well anyways I got a TV yay it's a 55 in TV I really only use it to to watch you know like Netflix and going 17 so heavy okay but the gallery wall there are moments when I look at it and I'm like oh perfect it's beautiful and then there's other moments where I'm just like ah something feels slightly off it's almost like a puzzle piece that you think fits in the section you're trying to complete but it it doesn't have that perfect snap and that's exactly how I feel about the process of this Gallery W I did it before I left for Switzerland and I knew I was going to be gone for a week and a half I want to have something completely completed before I leave the country for a while and because of that some of the art pieces I want to trade in and out and I don't have the right frames for everything so I will definitely revisit this in a future if you have any tips or suggestions I will say one of the things I love is the smiies I've hidden throughout this wall so there's one here at the TV corner and then there's some standing and leaning on the frames something else I need to tackle is my dining area it's really messy right now because this is where I've been doing all my work and I'm about to pack to leave the US again but I did move my floor lamp from by my couch to over here I think it frames the Nook quite well and there are still some hooks that the old tenants left behind on the wall that I need to scrape off because I think that what I'm going to do here to create some distinction between the living space and the dining area is paint some sort of mural either an arch or like a curv circle I don't know I'm sitting on it in case I change my mind so I'll probably do it either in a new year or December nothing too much has happened in the kitchen I did install this light strip so it's a lot brighter now I also added the poster of now June on the fridge and because some things don't change we're putting juny on the fridge this is what I mean when I say men need to spend more time in the kitchen I will will say I love both corners on either side of the stove top on the left side I have my coffee tea station so there's my French press my matcha and on the other side are my cooking utensil spices oil salt all the sauces that I use on a daily basis right here are two new additions I have a letter press tray that I hung up and this is a giant blue cabinet that acts as my pantry so excitingly enough I finally got a pantry cabinet and I also got baskets and I still need to do a little bit more organization it's a very simple locker but what I like about it is one it can be used for virtually anything so if I ever move again and I decide that I don't need as much cabinet space for the kitchen I can easily use this for my art supplies my clothes and the general theme across my apartment I really love the mid-century the Danish the te wood but overall I think my style is pretty eclectic and I think it clashes in a good way with the rest of my apartment so I'm going to decorate the outside with some of my photos and artwork because my fridge isn't actually magnetic so I'm going to put my magnets on here not much has changed in the entry way but I did get this wonderful coat rack I actually found it for the great price of free in my building's trash room and I believe this is a knockoff dupe version of the EM wallhanger there's actually a colorway that I really love that's red and blue em if you're watching this hey I would love I will I I will replace this knockoff one if you sent it to me it's safe to say this is where the magic happens and by the magic I mean bed rotting and me resting outside of sleep I don't spend a lot of time in here so I I feel like it's going to be the room that I decorate and finish last I tried working on the nightstands a few days ago but I couldn't really get anywhere mainly because the built-in nightstands I really love the look of but in terms of organizing things it's tough because my cat likes to push stuff off I do want to keep the design pretty simple right now it looks like I'm living out of suitcases and that I hoard a lot of books this is what happens when you like to read and you decide to move your entire book collection from your childhood home I think I'm going to go through a second spring cleaning donate some more books to the local libraries but I don't want to commit to getting a huge standing bookshelf which is why I decided to do more floating shelves in this apartment but yeah if you have any design recommendations I'll take them I don't know what I want to do above my headboard the bed is pretty low but the ceilings are pretty high so there's a lot of negative space face right now which I don't love but I don't hate because it's not necessarily unappealing it just feels a little bit empty I improved the lighting situation in here a bit I put a spotlight lamp up on that shelf but I haven't worked on the shelving unit at all it looks pretty much the same it's feeling pretty messy because I've had a lot of work projects and so every time I need to shoot a video I try to do it in here so I can contain the mess or if I have any work in progress projects boxes I haven't unpacked but I want out of the way this has kind of been the transitional room where everything goes to I also hung up my studio jibli poster wall it looks okay I'm not a big fan of the white frames there is a place in Williamsburg I want to go back to they sell a lot of secondhand frames for really cheap so I'm going to try to get new wooden frames for all of these posters I also tried hanging up my diploma and my YouTube play button the frame for a diploma is so expensive but I didn't want to just keep my diploma in the tube anyways I ended up taking it down and now it's just on the ground but my play button is still up and proud and I set up my desk I got a new monitor because the one that I owned before got damaged while I was moving I didn't pack it properly it was very much broken and Beyond repair oh my God you want to you want to be in my Vlog Vlog yeah you see my camera let me make you big head what is it how do I say I miss you Bo oh Bo my baby do you know what I'm talking about chines but yeah it's coming together it's pretty messy still once again I'm relying on the give me 3 months to completely unpack we're on month two and this is where I say goodbye and we depart because it's the end of the video I hope you enjoyed this little apartment update really excited to see things come together and I'm also glad that I got to update you on my life you have no idea I'm just ecstatic like all I want to do is sit down and make stuff and edit and like get it out to you I have so many wonderful things that oh I really hope you'll love it when I finally get to share it with y'all and if you have any tips for any of my design qualms please let me know and I love you a lot stay safe out there I'll see you in the next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mr.Clay_Sir: PJO FAN
  2. @LorenRivers-n2e: Great job, this video was very useful!
  3. @skulls_stars: I like the colors in the video...
  4. @ajgalosmo8510: How much do you pay for rent?
  5. @thecreativesparks-fly: How cool 😁
  6. @RandomlyNawress: The flag grrrrl 😍😍🥰
  7. @ellemoonriver: over the bed you could do two long shelves for your books or a big art piece or tapestry
  8. @ellemoonriver: just paint the coat hanger you have. It looks the same
  9. @Glad2bMe1: Meanwhile I’m 33 looking forward to decorating an apartment.
🙃🙃🙃
  10. @izzy6455: She doesnt know what maximalist is if she says but she wants balance etc. Maximalist is curated and balanced. It isnt just a mess. So many people get this wrong.
  11. @photofrog: 46 y/o here. 20s is for learning and growth (and hopefully adventure). 30s is when you get it together and become your true self. 40s is when the body starts to give out but you gain courage you never knew you had.
  12. @9054fsr: Book shelf looks great
  13. @Unkn0wn_user12: 2:32 PERCY JACKSON PERCY JACKOSN PERCY JACKSON MENTION LETS GO RUANCNSJDJWDJDMJCN
  14. @ledong7616: Where are you from?:hand-pink-waving:
  15. @avamarlena: Where did you get the magnet tear away calendar :0
  16. @Daughter_of_the_sun_god: I’m a simple girl, I see pjo I click
  17. @hassana8441: What coffee machine is that?
  18. @sinny721: Life absolutely does not go downhill at 23. Around 23-24 was a really rough transition from young person to real adult for me. It wasn't easy but I assure you that it only gets better from there. Once you hit your stride, you just gain so much more perspective on yourself and life in general.
  19. @nataliebame6370: wait this is my first time ever watching one of your videos, is your birthday sep 26?? That's my bday :))
  20. @jessdscaporelli: okay CUTE??

- What Makes a Luxury Mattress | Saatva: Kind: captions Language: en if you know luxury it's not just award-winning it's rewarding durable and supportive with tempered steel coils and plush organic cotton with a dual-sided design to support growing bodies float on a senen cloud of pure hypoallergenic latex or take all the pressure away with Ultra Premium 5B memory foam luxury is handcrafted in American factories and delivered to directly to customers with no retail middleman using the most efficient inhome White Glove delivery Network in the country luxury mattresses at prices that won't keep you up all night

- Why luxury Linens are worth the price...: Kind: captions Language: en i'm steve the owner of vero linens now luxury linens may not be for everyone now we think that they should be but they may not be for everyone I like the preface this by saying my staff wanted me to do this video I'm a little reluctant I don't want this to sound like we're haughty and the fact is luxury linens may not appeal to everyone if you're happy if you're happy with your bed looking like this I don't think luxury linens are the answer now here's what luxury linens will all do they're not going to clean themselves that they're not going to make the bed for you they're not going to change your life they are going to wrinkle and require a little bit of maintenance in they're likely not going to improve your sex life but here's what they will do they are going to feel incredible next to the skin they're gonna make your bed you look great and it's gonna just feel great just hop it into that bed that well-made bed every single night now many of us enjoy luxury items and you know in a status that goes along with them and here's an example again please don't take this the wrong way a Wal Mart suit certainly qualifies as a semi-formal outfit but it's simply not going to look as good or feel as nice as a handcrafted you know a custom-made suit and that custom-made suit is you know is going to be a little bit more durable it's made from finer fabrics and textiles and again it's gonna little it's gonna last you know most likely longer than you know a ready-made suit from Walmart now many of us enjoy luxury items that are impractical and I love to use this example Louboutin shoes they are crazy expensive they're seasonal you know so chances are if you purchased a pair in six months from now they're gonna be out of fashion likely men aren't going to notice them which is okay women will probably notice them in they're gonna likely hurt your feet but I will tell you that when a woman slips a pair of these on in these Louboutin shoes on she feels incredible it just makes her feel good another example that I like to use is eel Rolex watch you know twenty thousand dollars it doesn't keep any better time than a cell phone but you know it looks nice it makes a statement and people that wear them feel good about wearing them now let's get back to luxury linens luxury linens represent about 5% of the you know total bedding market it's a real small little niche and luxury linens have been produced for over a hundred and fifty years some people are not even aware of them but they evolved out of Europe in primarily Italy and these are were the finest luxury linens in the world are made in income from the reason they're considered luxury is because of the craftsmanship and the finishing detail that goes into them as well as the grades of material that are used in their construction they are typically the finest grades of cotton those being long staple or extra-long staple cotton these luxury linens just feel great and if they have embellishments on them they make your bed look great you know the embellishments might be some embroidery a tape apple case and hem stitching just some small decorative details that demonstrate that you know the thought in the in the workmanship that went into into their construction now if you're interested in luxury linens plan on spending 300 to close to a thousand dollars for a really good set of sheets again you're gonna want to look for long staple or extra long staple cotton certainly these are significantly more and some of the lower grades of sheets that you do find on the Internet but they're going to provide you again a more softer sheet and a more durable sheet if you got any questions about bed linens give us a call send us an email we're happy to assist thank you [Music] [Applause] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @nikkienovellino5514: I love your bed linens..

- Sexy Bedding - Luxury Bed Sheets: Kind: captions Language: en kiss me where on fire me take me so

- Psychology Of Luxury | 5-Star Hotel Tricks For Your Home (Part 3): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Scent is invisible, but it's the first thing your nervous system notices. Before your eyes adjust, before your feet cross the threshold, scent has already shaped your emotion. And luxury designers know this. That's why the world's most expensive hotels don't just look beautiful, they smell unforgettable. This isn't fragrance, this is psychological architecture. And today, you'll learn how to use it at home. Let's talk about the psychology of first impression. The human brain forms a first impression within 0.1 seconds. And scent is the fastest sense to trigger memory, trust, and comfort. Unlike sight or sound, scent bypasses logic. It speaks directly to the lyic system, the part of your brain that processes emotion, memory, and fear. This is why a single whiff can make you feel safe, important, loved, or uneasy before you even understand why. Luxury hotels use this power with precision. A Ritz Carlton in Kyoto might smell of hino and sandalwood. A W Hotel in New York might use fig, musk, and leather. Each scent is engineered to make you feel something specific. Scent doesn't just decorate a space. It programs how that space is remembered. That's why two identical rooms, one scented and one not, will feel drastically different in mood, luxury, and intimacy. Create a signature scent to build emotional memory. High-end hotels don't just smell good, they smell consistent. This is called a signature scent. A carefully crafted aroma used across all properties or specific rooms to create an emotional identity. This scent becomes embedded in your episodic memory, meaning your brain links it to that experience, that vacation, that feeling. So when you smell it again, even years later, your body reacts as if it's back in that moment. The emotional recall from scent is so strong that real estate agents use cookies in the oven. Casinos use diffusers to keep players calm. Even hospitals are testing it to reduce anxiety. It's not marketing, it's neurology. What's the scent of your happiest memory? Could your home carry that memory forward? Let us know in the comment below. Layered scent zones. The trick that changes everything. Luxury hotels don't use one scent everywhere. They layer scent zones, changing the emotional experience as you move through the space. The lobby might feel grounded. Use sandalwood and cedar. The elevator smells energizing. Try bergamont and white tea. The spa calms you instantly. Bring eucalyptus, lavender, vetr. This layering creates emotional rhythm. Each scent transition prepares you for what's next. Here are a few practical ways to implement this at home for entrance. The emotional primer. Use warm grounding notes like cedar, frankincense, or amber. Oils in a diffuser by the door or a lightly scented wood block in your entry closet. In the living room for sociability, go for inviting and bright scents. Citrus, fig, black tea, basil. The bedroom. That's safety and intimacy. Stick to calming oils. Lavender, vanilla, blue chamomile. Spritz linen spray on your sheets at night. The bathroom. Clean confidence. Use spa notes. Eucalyptus, peppermint, tea tree. Add a few drops to cotton pads hidden behind mirrors or art. Use scent as identity. In scent psychology, there's a principle called emotional anchoring. Pairing a scent with a powerful emotion so that they become permanently connected. This is what five-star resorts do. They engineer one perfect scent moment and tie it to joy. You carry that moment with you forever. When you anchor scent to a ritual, morning coffee, evening bath, journaling, your body starts anticipating calm, creativity, or focus before the activity even begins, even on a budget. Light the same candle while doing something you love. Add a drop of essential oil on your living room floor when you're cleaning. Keep a scent sache in your drawers or closet. Scent memory starts in small rituals. You don't need luxury brands to create luxury emotion. You just need strategy and subtlety. Create simmer pots. Fill a pot with water. Add slices of citrus, sprigs of rosemary, cloves, or cinnamon sticks. Let it simmer gently on the stove for 30 minutes. The scent will fill your entire home. For linen spray, mix water, a teaspoon of vodka or witch hazel, and 8 to 10 drops of essential oils like lavender, bergamont, or cedar. Shake in a glass spray bottle. Use on bedding, curtains, towels. Diffuser placement. Use a diffuser near your airflow source. a fan, a window, or an AC intake. This distributes the scent naturally and consistently, just like hotels do. The hidden sense. Place scented cotton balls behind picture frames or under furniture. Every time you move, you get subtle bursts of aroma. Use drawer sachets. Use dried lavender or cedar chips inside linen drawers. Not only does it preserve freshness, but it adds emotional calm when dressing or organizing. Design is what you see. Luxury is what you feel. But the soul of a home is what you can't see at all. Scent is the most underrated tool in emotional design. And now you hold it. Don't just decorate. Curate how your space smells. Because long after your guests forget the art on your wall, they'll remember how your home made them feel. What's your home's signature scent? Or what do you want it to be? Let us know in the comments. And if this changed the way you think about home design, share it with someone who deserves to live in invisible luxury.

  Top Comments:
  1. @megweiss1736 [12 likes]: The Ritz Carlton hotels smell wonderful. I stayed at the RC in Los Angeles twice and I will never forget how calming it was. The Four Seasons in Vegas smells wonderful too. Cleanliness along with a light scent makes a home or anyplace like a sanctuary. You don’t need a five star hotel to get the same effect in your own home.
  2. @Craftgirly [4 likes]: All though scents are lovely. If you have pets; their respiratory system is extra sensitive. You could kill or make them extremely sick with scented candles, burning essential oils. It’s too toxic to them. I only use battery candles and don’t use scent. If I were to burn oils/candles, I’d go into my office and close the door away from them. Their health &well being comes first.
  3. @awalton9024 [3 likes]: And a Motel 8 in Bakersfield might smell of sweat, meth and desperation.
  4. @AndroclesRoman [1 likes]: Excellent video!
  5. @AluDume-w5d [1 likes]: You r the best. I just came across one of ur videos and I'm hooked at them....❤God bless you.
  6. @deborahcollins6129 [1 likes]: I love your new posts. Please compose the names of signature scents used by high end hotels.I'd like to purchase a few of them. I sometimes make by own scents, but Iwant to experience the hotel scents too.
  7. @turtle360: Please do not scent your home. A lot of chemicals are actually bad for health and/or can trigger allergies. Just let the room breath to get rid of bad smells and use soap and cleaning supplies you like.

- How to Choose a Throw Pillow: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to ballor designs 101 series my name is Roger your host in this series of videos we'll be walking you through the basics of Home Decor decorating and anything and everything that we hope will help you create a fabulous house and home you know when it comes to little things that can make a huge difference in your home decor might be easy to overlook The Humble ubiquitous and often times utilitarian throw pillow the perfect pillow when added to your favorite Furniture can bring a cohesiveness to your overall design thing can bring together colors and textures and can sometimes be that little thing that takes a room from H to wow in today's episode we're going to be sharing our best tips on how to choose the perfect pillow and don't forget like And subscribe to the ballor designs YouTube channel and with that let's go check out some [Music] pillows throw pillows come in all shape sh sizes colors and designs and frankly we love them all velvet floral animal prints rectangles long lumbar squared and that's just to name a few so we understand that with all those choices choosing a pillow much less the perfect pillow can be daunting so we'd like to introduce the four principles that we use for choosing the perfect pillow if you can remember cpss choosing pillows so simp simple the first is c c is color choose a color palette and stick to it next is p p is pattern the simple rule for patterns is one solid one small print and one large print next is size and the simple rule with size is your larger pillows go on the outside of your furniture and as you move toward the center the pillows get smaller finally symmetry the harmonious placement of the pillows and an easy rule here is a group of three or five pillows is best with these four principles in mind color pattern size and symmetry let's head over to the Balor design store to put these four principles into practice and here we are at our beautiful ballor design store we're going to put our four pillow principles into action let's go shopping when it comes to pillows there's a lot to consider but keep in mind your four principles of color pattern size and Symmetry and also have in your mind your room or the area in which you're going to be using your pillows we've settled on this beautiful sofa as the inspiration so we're considering the color of the sofa the fabric that's on it and the furniture in the room itself all of these things factor into the type of pillows you're going to choose for the room that you're working on these are my selections that I I've made here in the store today I'm going to start with these beautiful olive green velvet pillows they have a wonderful size to them that lovely Fringe actually adds to the size of the pillow I'm going to use those as an anchor we've got this really fun pattern and then this bit of Whimsy here in the Middle with this small print let's shake it up a little bit let's take out the check print and replace it with these Botanicals and then we'll put our check in the middle again that works we've got a very symmetrical layout I'm liking how this feels I think I'm leaning more towards the Botanical there's all sorts of ways to do it you can shake it up a little bit here and try something different something asymmetrical what do you think of that it's really about how you feel in your room I want to take a moment to talk about sectionals due to their large size creating symmetry not only requires more more pillows but much larger pillows a neutral piece like this provides an opportunity to use textures along with color to create an interesting look and feel I'm loving the texture of this cream bouay print and look at this wonderful gazelle print it not only features this lovely texture but there's a delicate Sheen providing the perfect amount of visual interest and don't be shy about adding some Whimsical joy to your collection this pom pom Fringe is a delight addition to this solid pillow and it also adds nearly three more Ines to the size which looks really great this beautiful sectional is very deep approximately 45 in so smaller pillows can look tiny and lost here I placed a couple of options that on a more typically sized sofa would look great but here they're loss in the background when working with Furniture of this scale a 20x 20 pillow should be the minimum consideration larger pillows placed in the corners provide a strong visual anchor that serves to balance an otherwise asymmetrical piece of furniture when it comes to choosing the perfect pillow don't forget our final tip which is pay attention to the insert we prefer down down is easy to fluff it also keeps its shape and if you have a down allergy you can choose an alternative finally when choosing an insert make sure that it's at least 2 in larger than the cover you're working with that will keep the pillow fluffy keeps it nice and full this example here is is a 22-in cover with a 24in insert we hope you found inspiration in today's episode to get out there and pick the perfect pillow for your particular room and whether you're doing a quick refresh or complete room transformation the possibilities are endless and don't forget like And subscribe to the ballor designs YouTube channel and if you're looking for a deep dive into other decorating information go to ballarddesigns.com and click on our how to decorate blog and Noe two that we're here to help by phone online or at one of our beautiful retail stores and until next time I'm Roger and from all of us here at ballor designs happy decorating

  Top Comments:
  1. @Keds1 [4 likes]: A busy oriental rug  makes this very difficult for me, any advice ?
  2. @marakimou [4 likes]: This is very helpful. I was hoping to get help with my sectional and this was perfect!
  3. @dhurley8522 [4 likes]: Here to see Rodger too! Such a lovely, talented man 😊
  4. @CarolinaCirilo [3 likes]: Here to see Rodger!!!!
  5. @susythomas9561 [2 likes]: While sitting how to keep the pillow
  6. @dreamhousejewels158 [1 likes]: Great tips 🎉
  7. @Jacqueline-x8b [1 likes]: I didn’t know this. Thanks 😊
  8. @leahgodson2319 [1 likes]: Thanks!
  9. @angelajacobson1890 [1 likes]: I love your videos! Thank you for sharing all of your tips and tricks!
  10. @TERRIANNSKITCHEN [1 likes]: Very informative ❤ thanks a lovely video!
  11. @saraward9754 [1 likes]: These videos are so specific and helpful. Really appreciate it!
  12. @bd3825: This was a complete waste of time.
  13. @RagasFlip: ❤
  14. @tommythompson2144: Love his videos.  Artful Roger is awesome.
  15. @loayzahomestyling: I will be subscribe here these videos are so specific!
  16. @mzmaryd6452: Thank you!
  17. @crazyd3uces: Highly underrated howto guide. Thank you!
  18. @ChristieAgbaleh: I am inspired. Thanks.
  19. @5rgyyuyrgg: I have a small loveseat that seating area inside the arms is 43" and it has two attached stuffed pillows on the back.

The size of the cushions that's sat on are 20x22

Therefore, I only have and want one 20x20 throw pillow in the right corner of the love seat.
Which is place diagonally. 

This way, I don't have to move the pillow when I sit down.
Also because I believe loveseat is not big enough for 3 pillow and would look odd with that many throw pillows because of the loveseat small size.

My questions are: 
Where should I place a throw blanket, and what size and type should it be?
  20. @finelady98: Ballard Designs are made so beautifully.  I always look forward in receiving their catalog. I love throw pillows; I have closet full of them!   I follow Roger on social media, and he is so awesome with his knowledge of many things that are related to design, color and structure from outside to the inside of your home. I asked Roger once if he did voiceovers.  This is even better!

- 🖼️ 10 Mini Makeover Tips for Neutral Homes with Throw Pillows: Little Touches That Make Big Impact: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone, welcome back to Vintage Diary. [Music] 10 mini makeover tips for neutral homes with throw pillows. Little touches that make big impact. Today we're diving into simple yet genius ways to transform your neutral home with just throw pillows. Sometimes it's the little touches that make the biggest difference, and pillows are the easiest way to refresh your space without breaking the bank. Welcome to Vintage Diary. Discover timeless charm, vintage decor, and cozy inspiration for every corner of your home. Subscribe and join our nostalgic journey. If you enjoy cozy, budget friendly makeover ideas, you're in the right place. Don't forget to like this video, subscribe to the channel, and leave a comment to share your favorite throw pillow style. Let's get started and make your neutral home feel fresh and inviting with these 10 mini makeover tips. One, cozy textures for a warm feel. One of the easiest ways to refresh a neutral home is by adding throw pillows with cozy textures. Think chunky knit covers, linen blends, or faux fur pillows that instantly make your sofa or bed feel more inviting. Mixing textures keeps the space from looking flat and adds that comfy lived in vibe everyone loves. It's an affordable home makeover idea that makes a big impact with very little effort. two soft patterns that add interest. Neutral spaces can sometimes feel a little too plain, but soft patterns on throw pillows are a quick fix. Try stripes, geometric prints, or subtle florals and beige, cream, or gray tones to bring in personality without overwhelming the room. This simple trick adds visual interest while keeping your space calm and balanced, making it a budget friendly decor upgrade. Three layered sizes for extra depth. When it comes to throw pillows, size really does matter. Layering different pillow sizes, like pairing large square pillows with smaller lumbar ones, adds depth and dimension to a sofa or bed. This design trick makes the whole setup look intentional and polished. Plus, it's a great way to give your neutral home a mini makeover without spending too much. four seasonal colors to refresh the look. Even in a neutral home, you can play with seasonal colors through throw pillows. Add soft pastels for spring, warm earth tones for fall, or muted blues for summer. Swapping pillow covers each season keeps your decor feeling fresh without committing to bold wall paint or new furniture. It's a smart and affordable way to update your home year round. Five. Balanced style with symmetry and flow. Throw pillows can make or break the overall balance of a room. A symmetrical pillow setup gives a clean, organized look, while an asymmetrical arrangement feels more relaxed and casual. Finding the right balance helps your neutral decor flow better and makes the space feel thoughtfully styled. It's one of those small touches that instantly elevate a room. Six luxe fabrics for an elegant touch. Want your neutral home to feel a little more high-end? Swap and throw pillows with luxe fabrics like velvet, silk, or faux leather. These fabrics bring a subtle elegance and upgrade the overall look of your space without being flashy. It's a budget friendly trick that delivers a designer feel while keeping things cozy and practical. Seven. Tone on tone shades for subtle charm. Neutral homes don't have to be boring. Tone on tone throw pillows are a simple way to add depth. Try layering pillows in different shades of cream, taupe, or gray for a sophisticated and cohesive look. This subtle styling creates interest while keeping your home calm and minimal. It's a classic decor hack that always works. Eight. Quick swaps with pillow covers. If you love changing up your decor often, pillow covers are your best friend. Instead of buying new pillows, just swap out the covers for an instant refresh. This is not only affordable, but also saves storage space. From farmhouse to modern looks, pillow covers make it easy to keep your neutral home stylish without a big commitment. Nine. Blending modern and classic vibes. Throw pillows are a simple way to mix styles in a neutral home. You can blend modern designs like abstract prints with classic textures like linen or cotton to create a balanced look. This mix and match approach keeps your space interesting while staying true to your neutral palette. It's a decorating idea that makes your home feel unique and personal. 10. Finishing touches with throws. Throw pillows look even better when paired with a cozy throw blanket. Drape a soft knit throw across the sofa or layer it at the end of your bed for that extra polished touch. Not only does it complete the look, but it also adds comfort and warmth to your space. This simple combo is a go-to for giving any neutral home a quick and stylish makeover. Heat. Heat. Conclusion: Throw pillows may seem like small details, but they truly have the power to change the look and feel of a neutral home. From cozy textures to seasonal colors, every swap or layer adds charm and personality without taking away from your clean, calming space. These mini makeover tips show how affordable updates can still feel stylish and high impact. I hope today's ideas inspire you to play with pillows and make your neutral decor more fun and welcoming. Try mixing fabrics, colors, or sizes to see what works best for your style. Thanks for watching Vintage Diary. See you in the next videos.

- Throw Pillow Sizes: How to Pick the Right Size [2023]: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone in this video we're going to talk about throw pillow sizes and how to select the perfect one for your home decor Square throw pillows are the most classic and can change the look of your room quickly you can find them in different sizes such as 16 inches by 16 inches 18 inches by 18 inches 20 inches by 20 inches and 22 inches by 22 inches round throw pillows add a modern touch to your space with their round shape and beautiful prints they come in similar sizes to square pillows and are best used alone lumbar pillows are larger in size and are great for supporting your spine they come in different sizes like 10 inches by 20 inches 12 inches by 20 inches 12 inches by 40 inches and 14 inches by 22 inches bolster pillows are long cylindrical pillows that provide both back and arm support and also add a Decorative Touch to your couch or bed they come in sizes like six inch diameter with 12 length or 7 diameter with 20 length the standard size for a throw pillow is 18 inches by 18 inches this size is large enough to provide comfort and support but small enough to be used as an accent piece in your home decor and there you have it now you know the different sizes of throw pillows and how to select the choose the right size based on your needs and the look you want to achieve and don't forget to have fun with different colors patterns and materials and let's not forget throw pillows are a great way to experiment with different styles and Trends in your home decor without making a permanent commitment so don't be afraid to switch things up and try something new thanks for watching and see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @MirshodjonMusinov: Кн❤






🎉





0
  2. @ConnethTapia: 16x16price

- ✨ "Instantly Upgrade Your Space!" – These Throw Pillows Are the Secret to a Stylish Room: Kind: captions Language: en This sh pillow is a great way to make your room look fresh and stylish. It has a beautiful teal color with a bold wavy pattern that really stands out. The design is modern and makes your bed, sofa, or chair look more interesting. It's soft, comfortable, and nice to touch. Perfect for relaxing at home. If you want to add a bit of color and style to your space, this pillow is a great choice. So visit our showrooms now to grab yours.

- The Psychology of Joyful Interiors | How Design Shapes Your Mood: Kind: captions Language: en Does your home bring you joy? When we think about the feelings we want our homes to evoke, we're often focused on creating spaces that are calming, cozy, peaceful. We're maybe thinking about a home that brings us happiness. But I think the idea of creating a space that brings joy is actually much more rare. So, that's what we're going to be talking about today. How we can make our homes feel more joyful. If you are new to my channel, hi, welcome. I'm Tara. I'm an interior designer. If you're not new to the channel, you might recall a video that I made last year about the secret room theory, which is an exercise about imagining a secret room in your home that no one else will ever see and envisioning what you would want that room to look like. It's an idea that comes from designer, author, and founder of the school of joy movement, Ingred Fatel Lee. Lee also has a TED talk entitled Where Joy Hides and How to Find It. It is a fascinating TED talk. I highly recommend it and I will include the link in the video description. Happiness and joy are terms that we might sometimes see as being interchangeable, but in her TED talk, Lee explains the difference. Happiness is really about feeling good over time and joy is about how you feel in the moment. She talks about the things that are universally joyful. Things like cherry blossoms, swimming pools, rainbows and fireworks, ice cream cones with sprinkles. The things that evoke joy in us no matter who we are. As she states, psychologists define joy as an intense momentary experience of positive emotion. And objects like these can ignite that feeling of joy. She also points out that while pursuing happiness is something of great focus in our society, we often end up overlooking joy. So, how do we remedy that? What are some tangible ways we can define what brings joy to our physical environment, to the world around us? In studying this idea, Ingred Fetel Lee started to notice recurring patterns. Round things, pops of bright color, symmetrical shapes, a sense of abundance and multiplicity, and a feeling of lightness or elevation. These were identifiable physical characteristics of things around us that elicit a sense of joy. She coined them the aesthetics of joy. I just find this to be such an interesting concept. and also an important one because really, couldn't we all use more joy in our lives? If we gave more consideration to joy when designing the spaces around us, both public spaces and our own private homes, would that not be of great benefit? So, let's take a closer look at Lee's aesthetics of joy and some ways we can implement them in our interiors. >> [music] >> Lee explains that scientists have discovered that when people look at angular objects, it lights up the part of the brain associated with fear and anxiety, the amygdala. This, however, is not the case when people look at round objects. So, incorporating curves into our interiors is one way that we can go about creating a more joyful space. And there are so many ways we can go about this. I love the use of a circular motif in furniture or cabinetry. Or it could be half round cabinet pulls, perforated metal, a softly curved sofa, or an arched doorway. Now, obviously, it's not realistic for everything in our homes to be circular or rounded or curved, and we wouldn't want them to be because part of what gives these lines and shapes their impact is the way that they contrast the straight lines and edges and angles. But a few thoughtfully considered curves can be a lot of fun and joyful. The impact of color on our emotions has been well researched and documented. Lee references one study that shows workers in more colorful offices are more alert, confident, and friendly than those in drop offices. So, when it comes to choosing colors for our homes, we should be considering the psychological and emotional impact of those colors just as much, if not more, than any other factors. This does not mean we have to surround ourselves in large expanses of vibrant color. After all, she does refer to these as pops of bright color. Look to colorful things that you instinctively gravitate towards. It could be a piece of art or furniture or a throw pillow. [music] Symmetry is a commonly used design element that helps to bring balance to a space. It's pleasing to the eye because it makes sense to our brains. Symmetry represents order in a chaotic world. So, keep symmetry in mind in your home. Symmetrical architectural details, matching armchairs, built-ins flanking a fireplace, or the balanced placement of art. >> A sense of abundance and multiplicity is another consideration Lee mentions in her TED talk. She explains that some items might not feel very joyful on their own, but can become a source of joy when multiplied. She uses confetti as an example. This makes sense because human beings instinctively fear scarcity. We tend to equate abundance with survival. Lee also points to the design of a nursing home where the architect uses multiple colorful spheres to provide a feeling of abundance. So, this idea really struck a chord with me personally. My dad is in the midst of Alzheimer's and when we first moved him from his home to a care facility, he was very focused on having all of his family photos. And we began to notice that every time we would go over to visit, even more of those photos would be out on display. He kept pulling them out from where we had stored them. He covered his window sill, every tabletop. There were two bulletin boards covered. He started taping them to the wall. And in hindsight, now understanding this idea of abundance, I wonder if this was just instinctively bringing him comfort. And this is something any of us could do in our homes. you know, maybe not with scotch tape and some bulletin boards, but in a more intentional and stylized way. We can also utilize this idea of abundance and multiplicity through visual motifs. The repetition of shapes can be especially impactful. And in the case of something like these, you're also tapping into the aesthetic of curves I mentioned earlier. The concept of multiplicity can also be applied through the grouping of objects. a record collection artfully displayed on the wall or candlesticks gathered on a dining table. And these would also be a great way to add that little pop of color we need. A feeling of lightness or elevation is another interesting concept to consider around the subject of joy. These were the visuals Ingred Fatel Lee used to illustrate this idea in her TED talk. So, how do we translate this aesthetic to our interiors? I think the most obvious way is through the use of translucent and transparent materials like glass and lucite. I immediately thought of this iridescent IKEA vase or this table which perfectly encapsulates the idea. I mean, how does the sight of a piece like this not bring joy? I also love the idea of using glass in interesting and impactful ways like the resurgence of glass block we've been seeing lately. Well friends, I hope this video has been insightful that I've been able to provide you with some useful ideas of how to incorporate these aesthetics of joy into our interiors. [music] I really just found Lee's TED talk to be so inspiring. As she says, each moment of joy is small, but over time they add up to more than the sum of their parts. [music] And so maybe instead of chasing after happiness, what we should be doing is embracing joy and finding ways to put ourselves in the path of it more often. And [music] I just love this sentiment. I think this is a wonderful example of the power of design to have really meaningful impact on our quality of life. So thank you all so much for joining me for this conversation. I hope [music] we see you at the next one and bye for now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabrielmaroto18 [16 likes]: I think it was Frank Lloyd Wright who said “have nothing in your home that does not bring you joy or that has no use“ that stuck with me
  2. @GK-up6xz [11 likes]: I’ve read Paul Goldberger’s writing around feelings of ‘awe’ in architecture. With interiors becoming increasingly similar around the world I think it’s important to consider what’s important for the individual and what one wants to achieve with their home. I get bored with people insisting only on comfort when  it comes to their homes. Surely there are other feelings we can focus on depending on the person, be it joy, awe or even formality and tension.
  3. @Natalia-pc7fm [10 likes]: Thanks for sharing your Dad’s story. Although it is sad he is losing his memory, you tied it in with him finding joy in family photos and that is a touching way of honoring your Dad. With love from Spain ❤
  4. @sandramclean7647 [5 likes]: Multiplicity tapping into a feeling of abundance gives me a new perspective on my collector’s instinct. My miniature forest of varied bottle brush trees stays up throughout the winter. Now it makes sense as it brings me joy in the bleak midwinter. 🌲🎄🌲
  5. @ElleAshterra [5 likes]: I found myself looking at the different rooms within my eyesight, mentally ticking “yes” as you presented each ‘joy’ category. My abundance items are books on a big bookcase 📚📚📚😁
  6. @lsamoa [3 likes]: Quick sidenote: fireworks do *not universally bring joy. The refugee kids in my neighbourhood get panic attacks whenever these are on because they reminds them of bombings. We need to be careful about what we declare to be "universal", as privileged westerners.
  7. @zellalaing5439 [3 likes]: Ngl I'm an absolute glass block stan 😂 I love its coming back. My secret room would be all clouds and hot air balloons, which is interesting that was on the last slide board from the ted talk 😂
  8. @CarrieLovesLife. [2 likes]: Great video.  
I am a huge fan of Ingrid Fetell Lee.
I have her book, Joyful, and have taken some of her online courses.
  9. @c0987791 [2 likes]: There’s something about the way you present design that makes me happy. You’re professional yet warm. Thank you for your channel. I enjoy listening to someone with a passion for design.
  10. @S_Flower_99 [2 likes]: For many years now I'm gravitating towards round or oval mirrors (as opposed to rectangular mirrors). This video explains it
  11. @Angel-Rae [2 likes]: All of the beautiful pictures in this video gave me such a serotonin boost! Joy Joy Joy thank you. 😊
  12. @kalmakoff99 [2 likes]: Those were really good sample images. Very illustrative. Thanks!
  13. @eve_in_paris [2 likes]: Excellent! I’ve never thought of the abundance/scarcity theme in home before. I’m about to cover my coffee table with geometric tiles and it gives me joy in anticipation, thinking of how pattern repetition will work 🙌
  14. @MlleFunambuline [1 likes]: I thought this video was going to be about dopamine decor, it's way more interesting.
Sorry for your dad.
  15. @xinexine2785 [1 likes]: Decorative mobiles provide a joyful light and airy element in my home
  16. @lsamoa [1 likes]: Super interesting topic and very well explained, thank you. This makes me think of Neo-Sudanese architecture in West Africa, and its central concept of asymmetrical parallelism: repeating patterns but with breaks in symmetry. This kind of buildings always bring me joy when I see them, like the Maison Senghor in Dakar, which also has a lot of cute rounded concrete tiles in the outdoor space.
Speaking of Dakar, there was a fun architectural experiment in the 50s where they built completely rounded houses called "maisons bulles" (bubble houses), that looked like desert igloos. I've been in one and they're so much fun! They're also very resistant to heatwaves and storms, and super resilient. Sadly they're also super unpractical to furnish, so they've fallen out of favour through the years. But there's still a few hundreds of them left in the city.
  17. @jdsfrisco [1 likes]: Thanks for another thought provoking video. I look forward to your presentations each week. Many of the items in my home are what most people would consider tacky or kitsch. But I embrace them for the simple reason that they give me joy! Long after the latest trend or fashion is over, these objects will continue to brighten my days. As for your father's condition, I have had several close friends decline and have helped care for them. I noticed that none of the big things people usually fuss over (careers, status...) matter at that stage of life. But the small moments of joy become far more impactful.
  18. @angelaehr4963 [1 likes]: Hi Tara!  Thank you so much…what I’ve been looking for in my space is, actually, joy and not happiness.  Having things that make me smile, bringing coziness up close and personal, is what I feel I’ve been chasing my whole life.  Time to grab it and hang on tight.  So, keep being inspired and inspiring us in the process.  Have an amazing week! ❤
  19. @Shiryone: My first design description word is actually "cheerful."  Sort of the same.
  20. @CuriousCat-Aus: Very interesting design element? intention?  Gives me lots to think about, thank you Tara.

- Sheets Buying Guide - Everything You Need To Know!: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hey there, welcome to Mattress Nerd. My name is Becca and in today's video we are talking all things sheets. We'll go over all the different types, discuss thread count, and how to choose the right set for your lifestyle. Now, I have tested many, many sheets, so I've included a list of my favorite options, which will all be linked in the description below. For you just know these are affiliate links, so we may earn a commission if you decide to buy it from them, but it goes to support our work. Now all you have to do is hit that subscribe button and let's get started. Step one before you buy your sheets, it's important to know your options. Starting off, we have your tried and true cotton sheets. Breathable, easy to clean, soft, easy, simple, right? Well, you may be surprised to know that there are many variations of cotton sheets. Think of it as a hierarchy, and right at the top we've got egyptian cotton, the highest quality out there. It's made with extra long staple cotton fibers and could be pretty expensive. But that higher price tag buys you sheets with a smooth feel that are resistant to pilling and lasts a long time. But authentic products should have this CEA label on them. Next you have Pima or supima cotton. Similar to Egyptian. These are made with extra long staple cotton fibers as well. They're also ultra smooth and durable, so what's the difference? Well, it all has to do about where the cotton comes from. Pima is native to the US, while Egyptian is native to the Nile river valley, hence its name. Pima also tends to be a more affordable option, which may be attributed to the fact egyptian cotton is just a tad softer and less likely to stain as easily. Next up, we have a much cheaper alternative, uplint. It's the most commonly used type of cotton for sheets and clothing, but has the quote unquote lowest quality when compared to Egyptian and pima because of their short staple fibers. Labels like this are typically upland. At the end of the day, it's still cotton, so it's soft and breathable, but not as durable or high quality as the previous options. For colder months, it's common to switch to cotton flannel sheets, known for their cozy feel. The cotton used for flannel is shredded and shaved to feel thicker, so you can bundle up in them to keep warm. As someone that experienced a childhood of northeastern winters, trust me, flannel sheets are your friend and I thank my mom for investing in them. Staying within the cotton family, we have jersey sheets, which feel like your favorite worn in T shirt. They're known for being ultra stretchy, buttery soft, lightweight and affordable. However, they are susceptible to pilling over time and can stretch out easily. Last but not least, we can't move on until we talk about the two most common cotton weaves, percale and sateen. Percale weave sheets come with a crisp, freshly laundered, button down shirt feel that gets softer over time. Their lightweight feel also makes them a better option for hot sleepers or for summertime use, versus a sateen weave, which gives the cotton a silky smooth finish. They're also a bit heavier, so they're better for colder months or those who don't sleep hot. Okay, we've officially moved on from cotton. Now we're on to my personal favorite, bamboo. Bamboo is a great material for not only bedding, but a variety of goods because it's sustainable, hypoallergenic, temperature regulating, and very durable. Now, when it comes to bamboo sheets, they get softer over time, won't trap body heat, and feel so luxurious to sleep on. Most commonly, you'll see bamboo as bamboo, rayon lyocell viscos, or explicitly 100% bamboo. The difference has to do with how the fabrics are produced, with pure bamboo fibers and bamboo lyocell being the more environmentally friendly options in terms of water usage and added chemicals. That being said, they're all going to be silky smooth, hypoallergenic, antimicrobial, and temperature regulating. Next, we have a summer staple, linen. Linen sheets are known for their lightweight and airy feel, perfect for hot sleepers or those living in hot climates. They're also hypoallergenic, similar to linen pants or tablecloths. Linen sheets also have a stiff feel and are bound to wrinkle, but the material softens over time after a few rounds in the washer and is a practical pick for staying cool. Now, last but not least, we have arguably the most luxurious option, silk. Silk comes from silkworms, and you know that just can't be cheap. All jokes aside, silk is not only expensive because of the production process, but also because of their cool, substantial feel and luxurious look. They're also naturally hypoallergenic, but maintenance can be a pain, so you've got to commit to the care. Thread count refers to the number of threads, both horizontal and vertical, in one square inch of material. Essentially, it has to do with fabric density. When choosing sheets based on thread count, keep in mind there are a few materials that have a smaller number of threads that can still be very durable. For example, linen sheets will typically have a low thread count like in the 100s, but still be high quality, while a cotton sheet would range anywhere from 300 to 500 plus to be good quality. So it really just depends. As we wrap things up, let's go over the top three considerations when choosing the right sheets for you. First up, we have climate. Are you buying for year round use? Seasonal use? Do you find they're always hot at night or you're always shivering? Knowing your climate is going to help you find the right sheet that's going to keep you comfortable throughout the night. Next up, we have comfort preference. Does linen feel scratchy to you? Do you always want to be wearing your flannel shirts in fall and winter? Knowing which fabrics you gravitate to is once again going to ensure that you're staying comfortable throughout the night. And lastly, we have price. Of course, budget is always going to be a factor. Maybe the idea of silk sheets is amazing to you, but they're going to be too expensive, so something like a bamboo sheet or a sateen weave is going to be a comparable alternative. All right, friends, that concludes our sheets buying guide video. Let me know which sheets you're thinking about in the comments below. And while you're at it, give this video a like and subscribe to our channel. It always helps. Now remember, I do have that full list linked below with all of my favorite sheets, so be sure check that out as well. We also have a ton of content here on our YouTube channel as well as on TikTok and Instagram, so be sure to check that out. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mattressnerd1 [11 likes]: ⬇️Click the links below to get the BEST deals on our favorite sheets!⬇️
✅California Design Den - https://amzn.to/4nhY2Zi
✅Cozy Earth Sheets - https://amzn.to/43zuhfz
✅Saatva Sateen Sheets - https://www.mattressnerd.com/go/saatva-lofton-sheets/?w=mn2024sbg
✅Boll & Branch Hemmed Sheets - https://amzn.to/4oxttQq
  2. @jaspreetsidhu5708 [2 likes]: Always linen for me :)
  3. @Christoph_vdl [2 likes]: this was not everything I need to know
  4. @fdshibley2805 [1 likes]: Why they never show elastic band around fitted sheet….thats what sells me
  5. @PBS-nm1uu [1 likes]: Thanks this is the best explanation on sheets I have seen ... thanks again
  6. @yay4meluigi [1 likes]: Thank you!!
  7. @White_King [1 likes]: Microfiber? Is that the cheapest?
  8. @felixmartin8416 [1 likes]: Really useful, got to be cotton for me, thanks!
  9. @azenathmoraa3637 [1 likes]: Where can get or buy from
  10. @Glockodile: I was under the impression it has to be labeled giza cotton to actually be the high quality cotton from Egypt and that just saying Egyptian cotton could just be low quality cotton.
  11. @AmelieHolubova-b6e: Kaip gauti garantini televizoriaus remonta praradus pirkimo kvita?
  12. @johnconnor7501: I was hoping to learn about fitted sheets.
  13. @JamalMrarry: What's the best one for sex
  14. @arncj18: is sateen really less durable than percale?
  15. @natekim1908: Goated video
  16. @charlettea.p.kealoha5906: I don't know Why, I find myself getting info on beddings? I think it has to do with the fact of what age I'm at! Under 17, 1st apt, 1st apt. w/ Mom to the rescue, just got married with gifts for the bed and of which one I like, children= budget, retired in my own place? No Mom, budget? I was told and taught, at least pillow case sheets set  for it's touching my body and face chose quality material for it will keep me straight. Keeping me comfortable enough for what may come to me in the morning. My mother's advice " budget for the household is 1 thing. When it comes to your insanity / thinking abilities! Spend a bit more on comfort. It doesn't happen often But! If You have to sleep on the couch. Grab Your comfort and take Your leave. Unless 💡? You are Not able to pull off the sheets because" he " knows the Why's! Loudly make noise from every part of the house Especially if You're packing his stuff and he gets up and heads to the living room and dragging Your top sheet! F -  it! And go back to sleep for You have an extra sheet of which is for Your comfort and as You close your eyes. You know that he is going to have a bad day because he has No thinking abilities. " That's Mom for y'all.
  17. @stevendiaz1171: @mattressnerd Hi I am looking to buy a either a comforter or duvet. Can you help me with this? I want something that is super fluffy and soft and keeps you cool in bed.
  18. @joycemiller606: What about wrinkles???
  19. @aperson1181: What type of sheet do I need for blankets So they are encapsulating blankets and I just cover myself with the sheet to avoid itching from wool?
  20. @BrothersMovers: I'm sheet shopping and find most are mad with microfiber. I did purchase microfiber once and did not care for them. The feel was okay, but a bit hot and  the sheets never stayed on the bed.Is microfiber inane of the categories you spoke of? BTW...thanks for the informative video.

- HOTEL LUXURY CAPSULE BEDDING | 5 Step Guide | Affordable Bed Essentials: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello everyone and welcome back to my channel melanie beauty if you love home decor just as much as i do then you should know that your bedding is a very important aspect of your home and there is nothing more better than coming home to snuggle in warm clean sheets which is why i perfected my very own capsule bedding think of it as a capsule wardrobe but with your bed by creating a mix of high-end and affordable bed essentials i'm now able to sleep like a queen and still save lots of money i don't know about you but i'm personally obsessed with the hotel style bedding with the all-white classic bed and the soft plush comforters and pillows so i've tried to perfect that in my own way without spending a lot of money because that stuff can be really expensive so if you want to see how to perfect your very own capsule bedding keep on watching your bed sheets can fall in the middle between affordable and high end i prefer to purchase on the more affordable side because believe it or not there are a lot of good quality sheets out there for a decent price this particular set comes with one flat sheet one fitted sheet and two pillowcases obviously you can choose whatever bed sheet color you like but i like to stay with the white classic sheets it makes the room feel very light airy and fresh plus you don't have to worry about colors fading whenever they get dirty you can just pop them in the washer with a little bit of bleach and they're good as new and if you'd like a bit more luxury try purchasing the egyptian cottons instead i like to fold my flat sheet at the top and make sure to tuck it nice and taut underneath this is the first step to adding layers to your bed you're also going to want to neatly fold and tuck your corners of the bed as well this will definitely give you the hotel look although i did not do mine as neat as i should have to me the comforter is the staple to a capsule bedding because it's literally what you wrap yourself up in to stay cozy and warm and overall to feel good the comforter duvet is where i like to invest a bit more money for a long lasting high quality experience i chose the ultra weight down comforter from casa luna it's hyper allergenic and filled with 100 white duck down i chose the ultra weight because it has the most loftiest cloud-like feel and of course because it is the most luxurious choice i purchase it in a size king even though our bed is just a queen i like to upsize my bedding sometimes for that extra hangover i've recently fell in love with the casa luna line at target i believe you really get what you pay for with their products as you can see they have many comforters to choose from if you don't like the down you can purchase their alternative comforters they also have lightweight and mid-weight options to choose from i personally prefer a duvet over a comforter because you can easily detach the cover throw it in the washer and not have to worry about ruining your entire comforter in the washer or paying an arm and a leg to get it dry cleaned your duvet cover should be equivalent to your insert you want quality and comfort this duvet cover is also from the casa luna line collection what's special about it is that it has a linen blend top side for a chic and sophisticated look and the bottom side still has a hundred percent cotton sateen material for a smooth finish that feels amazing against the skin like most duvets this duvet has corner and side tabs to secure the insert in place as well as a zipper closure and of course it is machine washable remember to pre-wash and dry your duvet color prior to using it this is a time where you can now personalize how you fold your duvet to display on your bed a tri-fold at the bottom of the bed is the most common hotel style this leaves your bed to air out and breathe more your second most hotel style fold is the mid double fold where you fold half of it in the middle of the bed leaving one half exposed and the other half covered and then you have your classic top fold where you fold your duvet about a quarter down from the bed as for my pillows i like to do a bit of a mix with high-end versus affordable and when i say high-end i mean quality not like name brand luxury but quality and that's why i purchase these feathered down blend pillow inserts and for a bit more versatility i like to also use the memory foam pillows with a more firmer material that way i can kind of balance my sleep with the soft in the firm and i can swap them out anytime whether i want to lay on my back or my side as for my pillow covers i like to buy them cheap you don't really have to spend loads of money for pillowcases especially if some of them come right in the set sheet that you buy your sheets with such as these the ones from amazon they're 100 cotton but i'm not going to be using them for right now and also this is the pillowcases that came with the duvet cover these are more of a decorative option for me it's not really something i'm going to sleep on i just don't want to ruin the linen and as for what i really use are these five dollar satin pillowcases you can find them anywhere on amazon walmart but i purchased mine from five below and it's gentle on the skin it's gentle on your hair and i just think it's a very great alternative if you don't want to spend loads of money on your pillowcases especially if you already kind of invested in your pillow insert now that your sleep pillows are in order you now can play around with decorative to add a pop of color and to really incorporate your personal style in your bed and i love the minimal looks so i'll be using these neutral throw pillows once again i like to use the feather filled pillows so i can do the big chop in the middle for that high-end luxury look and instead of buying these pillows brand new i like to thrift the inserts at my local thrift store just make sure you spray them with disinfectant spray and replace the cover and they should be good as new and i'm also going to add this fluffy lumbar pillow just to add a bit more texture and the final step is where you can add a little extra layer of warmth with a quilt or a throw blanket i like to use my throw blanket as a way to incorporate more texture and possibly a pop of color but again i like my neutrals so i got this light gray knit blanket from casa luna some would say that you should add a quilt before adding your throw blanket however the throw blanket that i'm using is very large very big and very warm so i'm gonna skip out on a quilt but they also have many of linen blend quilts on this line as well so this is more of an actual bed blanket than a throw blanket because it is a full queen size blanket that hangs very low to the floor but the bigger the better for me i believe using bigger pieces on a queen-size bed makes it look like a king and more spacious so at first i thought the material of the knit would stick to the duvet but there is absolutely no shedding or peeling whatsoever another thing that i love to do is to spray my linen in my room with good smelling sprays and nice smelling candles this is the clarity room spray from casa luna it is with grapefruit and ginger and it smells amazing even before i discovered these room sprays i am obsessed with spraying my pillows and my comforter right before i get into as you see here i'm going in with this room spray i just i have to be in a good smelling room at all times at least when i'm home thank you all so much for watching i hope you enjoyed this video if you did please give it a big thumbs up as well as commenting down below and tell me about anything that you probably will definitely purchase for your own bed and be sure to subscribe to my channel hit the notification bell so you won't miss any more videos like this one and until next time bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @CleaningToExhale [280 likes]: I think I’m just going to trust you and buy everything you bought lol! It looks beautiful, I love how you described the comfort, and it’ll just make my life easier
  2. @Danny30011980 [1 likes]: An easier way to put the duvet in its cover: turn the cover inside out, grab into the corners of the cover, grab the corners of the duvet with it and just shake thr duvet cover down  over your arms and the duvet. 😊
  3. @BillieRamos-d8c: I do all of this with one exception, I have a cover that I place over the sheets when folding my duvet at the bottom, exposing the same color as my pillowcase covers. Very well done!
  4. @LoveandMisses: Great video
  5. @Cindy-j1w: Sorry no spray scents, just clean air, fior those that have allergies, not misery, hepa  filter too 😮 love the bedding though
  6. @Shaiyino62A14: How do you get the wrinkles out of the comforter after washing it?
  7. @mayagraham6546: I’m about 4 years late, but did you use king size pillows? They look bigger than the standard/queen
  8. @PrayJesusisKing: 🎉🎉🎉
  9. @maree5022: Melanade I love the way you have styled your capsule bedding.  You have taken such care over your bedroom space and it shows!  It is so beautiful!  I enjoy the farmhouse bedroom look and have taken inspiration and loads of ideas from your video.  I really appreciate the time you've put into making the vlog posts. Thank you - new subscriber ❤❤
  10. @stevethea5250: whats capsulebedding ?
  11. @GMacII: Okay, bachelor here…please help. What is the difference between a comforter and a duvet? Is the duvet to keep the comforter clean on the inside layer?
  12. @judys6663: I don't want to sleep in anything similar to what the Invading Criminals have , here in the UK
  13. @cuttinedge5129: Can we get the luxury options?
  14. @bramstayer: I'm LOVING the look but I may add something about spraying anything on pillow or sheets isnt always a great idea. Your hair  & skin do well with the satin pillow cases. I'm sure like me, many love a scent from your tree outside to waft into the room in summer. My linden tree is SO scented because of yhe 30° heat and when it cools to 20° at night its blossoms smell like a person sprayed some scent. Your good advice on the " wash all the linens & duvet BEFORE putting on" may seem optional to some. Factories in ANY nationaren't a  sterile plac,  BUT the laundromat has jumbo washers for stuff like that it's SO worth it!😂 LOVELY room looks so inviting. Dont mean to suggest you were giving bad advice or anything. I just have an intolerant-to scented-anything daughter. She's not asthmatic,  but if some spray is the pillow, its on their face, & it may be an issue. I see you doing mostly the small decorative pillows. But I wanted folks to know. Same with heavy softeners with huge scents that I LOVE, the sheets leave a noticeable residue on fabrics as well. Cheers. For those who love that scent, it's YOUR bedroom! 😊 good channel. Subscribed
  15. @tbissonnette1835: for an extra lux look stuff duvet cover with 2 down inserts. This is how pottery barn does it.
  16. @jessicadurkin4294: Your brave using thrifted pillows, anything bed bugs can get into we dont resell in my area. I have never seen a pillow at a 2nd hand shop or a mattress. I did get my one bed from a guy moving out of the complex next door to the one I was moving into though. I would rather see where mattress/couch is coming from than end up with an infestation.
  17. @carolynmitchell: Thank you so much! Your helpful advice is much appreciated!
  18. @jenhilliard: You had me until you used satin pillowcases which are the worst for your skin and hair.
  19. @igoncalves521: So should you get a king comforter, and a king size duvet??
  20. @BongiweMasikane: Stunning, beautiful, elegant, style, ad unique. 100%perfectart,creativity.l love it. Please send me patterns in English. I'm from South Africa❤❤❤❤

- Sheets Buying Guide - Which Type Are Best?: Kind: captions Language: en-US Howdy there, folks. It's Amelia from Sleepopolis, and today we're going to be talking about sheets. Sheets are such an essential part of your bedroom setup, but shopping for them can be kind of confusing. There's a lot of different materials, a lot of terminology, and it's just hard to know which product is going to be right for you. Luckily for you, I have spent hours testing lots of different sets of sheets. So in this video, I'm going to go over how to approach shopping for sheets, go over different types of materials and who they're going to be best for, as well as some tips and tricks of my own. Now, keep in mind that we could talk for hours about the many qualities of sheets, but for the purposes of this video, I'm going to try and stick to the main talking points. You can always head over to Sleepopolis.com for more in-depth information. All right, ready to dive into it? Let's get started. Materials are the most important thing to consider when you're shopping for sheets. Now, when you're looking at the materials used in a sheet, you'll want to distinguish between the actual material and the weave or knit type. So the actual material are the fibers that are used to create the sheet, and that can be multiple different types of fibers if you have a blend fabric. But those fibers are either woven, knitted or otherwise constructed into fabric, which is used to make the sheets. Some of the most common types of construction include a percale weave, a sateen weave, a twill weave, flannel, or jersey knit. Percale is a style of weaves that weaves one thread over and one thread under. This creates a crisp, light, and matte finished fabric. This is also sometimes called a plain weave. Perkill is a great choice for hot sleepers because it is so light and breathable. A sateen weave is a style of weaves that uses multiple threads, over usually three or four threads and one under. This creates a satiny, smooth and shiny fabric. Satine also tends to be thicker than percale. Twill weaves are a little more complicated. Twill weaves use diagonal parallel ribs created by weaving horizontal threads over one or more vertical threads and under two or more vertical threads. Twill is best known as the weave used to create denim, but it's also common in sheets. Twill is known for its visible pattern and for being very durable. Flannel is another style that's pretty well known as it's a popular material for shirts. Flannel is actually created using either a plane weave or its will weave, but then it is napped on one or both sides to hide the weave and create that soft, fuzzy texture that flannel is known for. Napping is essentially distressing the spun fabric. And finally, jersey is another common style of sheet, although unlike the other ones we've discussed so far, jersey is a knit and not a woven fabric. Knit fabrics use a single loop yarn construction, whereas woven fabrics use the under, over pattern of warp and weft yarns. This is why jersey sheets don't have a thread count because they don't use multiple threads. Now, there are a few different types of jersey construction, but in general, a jersey knit is going to feel soft, stretchy, and like that tshirt material, which it is a common tshirt material. Now, let's go over some of the most common materials used to make these styles of sheets. First up, cotton. Cotton is one of the most widely used materials for sheets, either to make cotton sheets or for blended fabrics. Cotton is a natural, fluffy fiber that grows on the cotton plant. It's valued for being durable, breathable and soft. Although construction will make a big difference. Cotton is used in just about every style I discussed in the previous section. There are also different levels of quality among cotton. Egyptian cotton and supima cotton, which is grown in the United States, are considered among the highest quality cottons because of their long staples or fibers. Long staples are desirable, particularly for woven cotton because they are less likely to pill. They hold the structure of the weed better and overall lead to a softer, more durable sheet. However, the most common type of cotton is upland cotton, which has short staples. It is a lower quality but also less expensive. Next up is another cotton sheets material bamboo. Most bamboo sheets are made from bamboo viscose, which is made from the cellulose of bamboo. It's turned into wood pulp, which is then extracted and solidified and spun into threads that can be woven into the fabric. Bamboo sheets can be made with just about any weave style, but no matter which is used, bamboo sheets will generally have a silky, soft and flowy texture. They are also a bamboo is temperature regulating and moisture wicking. Plus, bamboo is often hypoallergenic. Now onto tencel. Tencel is a very similar fabric to bamboo viscose, but is made with eucalyptus instead of bamboo. Tencel is actually the branded name of Lyocell, but Tencel is one of the main manufacturers of this material. It overall has a very similar feel to bamboo, with similar cooling and moisture wicking properties. Now onto linen. It's made from flax fiber, which is another natural plant fiber like cotton. In fact, linen is a really old and traditional fabric. It's valued for being super breathable as well as its unique, somewhat coarse texture. Linen is really breathable because one, it is usually made with a very low thread count and a loose weave so air can flow through it easily. And two, the actual flax fibers themselves are very hollow for their promoting breathability. However, keep in mind that linen has a much more textured feel than most other styles of sheets, and it tends to be pretty pricey. Next up is polyester. Polyester is a synthetic fiber usually derived from petroleum. It's commonly used to make clothing because it's super durable and inexpensive. However, polyester tends to be much less soft and natural fibers like cotton, so it can lead to a scratchier feeling sheets. If you're on a budget, polyester blends can be a good option to still get some of the benefits of a natural material like cotton. And our final material is silk. Now, silk is one of the most luxurious fabrics in the world of bedding. It's a natural protein fiber that some insects produce to form their cocoons. Silk is among the strongest fabrics in the world, but also among the softest and, well, silkiest. There's a reason so many other fabrics are described in relation to silk, because it's flowy slick and soft feeling is so specific and unique. It's also lustrous and shiny, making silk some of the most beautiful sheets out there. However, it does tend to be pretty expensive. However, keep in mind that silk and satin sheets are not the same thing. Satin is a style of weave that's very similar to a satine weave, and most silk sheets have a satin weave. However, satin sheets can be made with any material like polyester, cotton or Ray on nonsilk satin sheets can be a great option for budget shoppers who are after that silky feeling but need a little bit of a lower price. Now, of course, there are many other materials out there used for sheets, but I can't cover all of those in one video. So here's a few more things to consider when you are shopping for sheets if you sleep hot, what pocket size you need for your fitted sheet, what style of pillowcase you want, what colors and patterns are offered, and any extra features like additional straps or tags to indicate the long and short side. All right, well, that was a lot of information about sheets. I hope you found this video helpful. And if you do want to go more in depth on any of the topics we covered in this video, head over to Sleepopolis.com. We have a lot of articles and guides breaking this stuff down further, and we have a whole sheets buying guide article that really goes a little bit more in depth and we're able to in this video. I also recommend checking out our video here on our YouTube channel about thread count, which is another really important factor when you're shopping for sheets. Well, thanks so much for joining me, and I will see you next time. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @olasellers1038 [27 likes]: Stay away from toxic microfiber, that's my advice.
  2. @Sleepopolis [8 likes]: ⬇️Click the links below to save BIG on our favorite sheets of the year!⬇️
✅Best Affordable Sheets - Mellanni Queen Sheet Set 
https://amzn.to/45VEgO5

✅Best Deep Pocket Sheets – Bedsure GentleSoft Deep Pocket Sheets Set
https://amzn.to/3JS76q0

✅Best Soft Sheets – Cariloha Classic 4-Piece Twill Sheet Set
https://amzn.to/3JN8pqj

✅Best Sheets For The Money – Luxome Luxury Sheet Set
https://sleepopolis.com/go/luxome-luxury-sheet-set-2/

✅Best Bamboo Sheets – Cozy Earth Linen Bamboo Sheet Set
https://sleepopolis.com/go/cozy-earth-linen-sheet-set/

✅Best Linen Sheets – MagicLinen Sheets
https://amzn.to/46ezv10
  3. @mchapman1928 [7 likes]: I made the mistake of buying sheets from Amazon….turned out a 3rd party sale.  $200 and the sheets were junk.  Refund was impossible.  The advertised USA made sheets were made in India and came from India.  Sickening.
  4. @mimsicle1 [7 likes]: I want sheets that are not a wrinkled mess, that are cool and that do not bunch up or that I can feel every pick on my heels.
  5. @aramayicart27 [2 likes]: Thank you♥
  6. @Mr_Bearr. [2 likes]: L video
  7. @LeePricejr [2 likes]: Very thougrow
  8. @mercedesmartin7022 [1 likes]: So helpful! Thank you :)
  9. @LeonApricus [1 likes]: Im getting high level asmr tingles from this video lol.
  10. @taregirl9945 [1 likes]: Very helpful. Thank you!
  11. @JacobDover-s4m [1 likes]: I needed this ❤.
  12. @aperson1181 [1 likes]: What type of sheet do I need for blankets So they are encapsulating blankets and I just cover myself with the sheet to avoid itching from wool?
  13. @kafisamazonstore [1 likes]: Good to know!
  14. @caseywakefield3401: Which ones are better for sensitive skin?
  15. @Moonshine54321: I HATE having to endure women today who choose to employ an ugly, grating Kardashian vocal fry when they speak. It sounds like a combination of constantly running out of air, are gargling. It’s like nails on a chalkboard. STOP IT.
  16. @KaranSirExplains: Why foreigners are so much attractive???
  17. @JayMeadowBrook-s9m: I have an underground room. Also sleep on a small boat sometimes.  Can someone please tell me what sheets best suit humid cool environments... My bamboo sheets seem to attract water...   Thank you.
  18. @Christ-Heart-e7p: Remember: polyester is extremely unsustainable because it is made from oil, is also toxic and it biodegrade in about 500 years. Plastic is a big problem because it accumulates and the microplastics enter into our bodies via the food chain, and,  being carcinogens, they can cause cancer.
  19. @anneyong73: For people that doesn’t like soft, satin feel, should we go for linen? I’m having trouble looking for sheets that are rough and doesn’t soften after a few wash. 😢 If you have any recos, please reply.
  20. @jadedcarton: yo

- 7 Best Bedding Essentials for a Cozy Bedroom Makeover: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to our channel the go to place for all your Home Essentials reviews today we're diving into the world of cozy comfortable and stylish bedding whether you're struggling with sleepless nights due to uncomfortable sheets or simply looking to refresh your bedroom's look we C you covered would explore the top seven bedding options that promise to transform your sleep experience from luxurious felds to high quality materials each product has been meticulously selected to ensure you get the rest you deserve let's get started [Music] number one Amazon Basics queen bed sheet set in briy white this four-piece collection is a blend of comfort and simplicity designed to blend seamlessly into any bedroom decor the set includes a flat sheet a fitted sheet and two PE cases all made from a soft breathable microfiber this material mud only ensures a comfortable night's sleep but also offers durability for longlasting use the bright white color adds a touch of Elegance and can easily be matched with any comforter or bedroom accessories the fitted sheet features all around elastic for a snug fit on mattresses up to 16 in deep ensuring it stays in place throughout the night the microfiber fabric is also easy to care for being machine washable and resistant to wrinkles and fading this set exemplifies how simple design combined with quality materials can elevate your sleeping experience without breaking the bank number two Milani Queen White Fall PC iconic sheet set which promises to bring hotel luxury into your home made from premium microfiber these sheets offer a silky soft touch that invites you to dive into bed the set includes a queen-size flat sheet fitted sheet and two pill cases all designed with your ultimate comfort in mind what sets this bedding apart is its durability and ease of Maintenance the Milani sheets are more than just soft they are designed to withstand countless washes without losing their luxurious feel or brightness this feature is particularly appealing for those who value both comfort and longevity in their bedding choices furthermore the iconic white color not only adds An Elegant Touch to your bedroom but also offers versatility in styling whether you're aiming for a minimalist look or something more bold and vibrant these sheets serve as the perfect canvas for your Creative Expressions number three L nfba allseason white down alternative comforter for queen beds this comforter is a GameChanger for those who crave the luxurious warmth of D without the he price tide or maintenance hassles fill with a plush down alternative it provides the perfect level of warmth For All Seasons eliminating the need for multiple comforters its microfiber cover is not only soft to the touch but also breathable ensuring a comfortable sleep environment the design includes box stitching to keep the fill evenly distributed and prevent any shifting or clumping prolonging the life of your comforter moreover this comforter is machine washable making it easy to keep clean and freshh the white color offers a clean crisp look to your bedroom acting as a blank slate for any decorative pillows or throws you might want to add it's an excellent choice for those seeking Comfort versatility and ease of Care number four cgk unlimited Queen 4 PC sheet set in white certified by otex this means the sheets are free from harmful chemicals making them safe for you and your family crafted from ultrasoft brush microfiber they promise not only comfort but also durability and strength this set includes a flat sheet fitted sheet and two pillowcases all featuring a breathable fabric that encourages air circulation and prevents overheating during the night the fitted cheek comes with Deep Pockets ensuring a secure fit on even the thickest mattresses what's more the CGA unlimited sheets are designed for ease of care being machine washable and quick to dry they also resist wrinkles fading and shrinking maintaining their luxurious feel and look over time the commitment to quality and safety combined with with the elegant design makes this set a must have for those prioritizing health and comfort in their bedding selection number five Utopia beding gay queen 4 PC microfiber sheet set stands out on the market for its exceptional combination of luxury and affordability crafted from premium quality microfiber these sheets are designed to offer a balance between softness and durability the gray color adds A Touch of Elegance to any bedroom decor seamlessly blending with various Styles the set includes a flat sheet a fitted sheet and two pillowcases ensuring a complete makeover of your bedding with a single purchase despite its luxurious feel the microfiber material is known for its strength and Longevity resisting wear and tear even after multiple washes this feature is particularly appealing to those who value both Aesthetics and practicality in their bedding choices moreover the sheets are hypogenic making them a suitable option for individuals with sensitive skin or allergies the Utopia bedding set also stands up for its ease of care the sheets are machine washable and retain their color and texture over time making them a practical choice for busy households the Deep Pockets on the fitted sheet ensure a snug fit on most mattresses adding to the overall comfort and efficiency of the product number six California design Den 400 TC cotton Queen white sheet set this option elevates the sleeping experience to new heights made from 100% long stable cotton these sheets boast a 400 thread count that offers A Perfect Blend of comfort and breathability the satin weave not only gives it a luxurious Sheen but also enhances the softness of the fabric inviting you to dive into bed after a long day one of the Hallmark features of this set is its attention to detail the craftmanship is evident in the Precision of the stitching and the quality of the Finish ensuring that each piece looks and feels premium the set includes a flat sheet a fitted sheet and two purec cases all a pristine wife that brings a fresh and clean aesthetic to your bedroom sustainability and ethical manufacturing practices are at the heart of California design Den's philosophy making this bedding set a choice you can feel good about the cotton is sourced from eco-friendly farms and the entire production process is certified to be free from harmful chemicals ensuring your safety and well-being finally number seven beta GRE Queen 4 PC luxury soft polyester sheet set is a testament to the Brand's commitment to combining Style with functionality made from premium polyester these sheets offer an unparalleled softness that mimics the feel of more expensive materials making luxury accessible to everyone the gray color scheme is versatile fitting effortlessly into any bedroom decor from Modern minimalist to Cozy traditional this set is not just about looks it's designed with the user's ultimate comfort in mind the polyester fabric is remarkably breathable ensuring a comfortable sleep environment by regulating temperature effectively additionally the material is wrinkle resistant which means the sheets look crisp and inviting with minimal effort perfect for those who dread ironing durability is another key feature of the BEDA set the sheets are designed to withstand regular washing without losing their softness or color making them a longlasting addition to your bedding collection the set's practicality is enhanced by its easy care nature requiring simple machine washing and a quick tumble dry we've explored four incredible bedding options that promise to revolutionize your sleep experience from luxurious sheets to all season comforters each product brings something unique to the table remember investing in quality bedding is investing in your health and well-being don't forget to like share and subscribe for more reviews sweet dreams and see you in the next video

- How $12,000 Carpets Are Made For Pottery Barn And West Elm  | Big Business | Insider Business: Kind: captions Language: en-US Narrator: It can take almost a full year to make just one of these carpets. And a thorough wash is one of the last steps. Narrator: They're made by Obeetee, India's largest producer of handmade carpets. It makes roughly 350,000 carpets a year, and almost all of them go to the US. It supplies brands like Williams-Sonoma and West Elm. One carpet can cost over $12,000. That's because weavers make most of them by hand, knot by knot. Narrator: Obeetee can reject a carpet for one small mistake, spoiling up to a year of work. Narrator: So how does Obeetee ensure perfection along the way? And how did this region become the carpet belt of India? Obeetee is 103 years old, but people have been weaving carpets across South Asia since at least the 16th century. That's when Mughal Emperor Akbar brought Persian weavers here to make carpets for his palaces. Many settled in what's now the Mirzapur-Bhadohi region in modern-day India. Today, over 3 million people here work in the carpet industry. Narrator: Obeetee recently made 35,000 square feet of hand-knotted carpets for India's new parliament building in New Delhi. It took 900 weavers and over 1 million hours of work. The company dyes all its yarn in-house. Workers load up machines that can hold up to 880 pounds of yarn. The batch first goes through a chemical wash. Then they prepare the dyes, which are made from chemicals and natural ingredients like fruits and bark. Obeetee takes a sample to the lab and runs a series of tests to make sure the color won't rub off. Weavers can't get started until they have the map, or naksha, which they have to follow in granular detail. Each square represents a knot and a specific yarn color. The company has its own weaving center with 224 artisans. Weavers here use a drum to build the carpet's foundation, or warp. But some build it by hand, which can take a full day. Narrator: Obeetee works with over 25,000 local weavers like Ram Lal. He's been working with the company for about 50 years. Narrator: Once the warp is done, he starts laying down the design thread by thread. Narrator: Some of these have over 2 million knots. Narrator: And one costly mistake, could ruin the whole thing. Narrator: Company officials inspect the work on each one of Obeetee's 5,000 looms every 15 days. Once each carpet is finished and approved, weavers deliver it to the factory. But the work isn't done yet. Workers use a blowtorch to burn off loose fibers. Then, teams of washers give the carpet a scrub. Everything starts with a water dousing. A chemical treatment gets rid of dust. Narrator: Carpets shrink during the washing phase, so they have to be stretched back out once they're dry. Then the workers clip and shear the carpet's surface to a specific height. Machines help, but they mostly have to do this by hand. They also straighten and bind its edges and trim or knot any fringes. After two more rounds of inspection, the carpets are ready for delivery. It takes hundreds of workers to keep this operation going, but the company has struggled to find new weavers. Uttar Pradesh is one of India's poorest states, and young people are moving away to find better-paying jobs. Narrator: Many of Obeetee's weavers are also farmers. Narrator: Obeetee has been trying to boost its workforce by recruiting more women. The Indian carpet industry has been predominantly male for centuries. And this has been a trend across industries. Last year, only about 25% of working-age women in India were part of the labor force. Veteran weavers like Ram Lal have trained almost 2,000 women since 2015. And they're keeping standards high.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pepposano4200 [1 likes]: Used to have four Persian rugs. Our dog peed on them abnd my father threw them away… never again.
  2. @chrismunkelwitz4477 [1 likes]: The amount of time & work together to bring the rug to market is arduous I HAVE AT LEAST 2 MADE IN INDIA RUGS 1 A RECENT ADDITION THE OTHER FOR 7 YEARS NOW & I LOOKED FOR INDIA OR TURKEY FOR MY 2nd ONE BOUGHT 1 FROM INDIA 1st one still wonderful and still love it nice to see possibly where they were made & the people who made them GOOD VIDEO.
  3. @VeerLogic3055: Persian carpets made in India 😂
  4. @sutnack7537: 0:27 imagine being in an enclosed building with indians who do not wear shoes🤮
  5. @EsKainyu: I have so much respect for the artisans and these carpets. The amount of work that goes into it, the level of skill, the amount of concentration and focus needed is a lot, and also the demand for perfection is just wow. 
If some of us tried this we might simply go crazy, esp with the amount of concentration and focus needed.
  6. @TDSHarper: Most fascinating!
  7. @lteks91: 12k for carpet so the shipping and tax is 3k and labour is 1k that's a nice profit
  8. @JoeHeaton-p7r: the rug really tied the room together...
  9. @noneya9035: This looks miserable lol.
  10. @312money77: Damn
  11. @MrDede2011: Used to work for William Sonoma West elm and pottery barn are just different sub brands to mark up products that are basically the same
  12. @Indiahandmade: Elevate your space with the essence of tradition and modernity. Indiahandmade durry rugs is more than just a decor piece; it's a symbol of artistry and sustainability that aligns with your values.
  13. @timelesshome8980: I understand the value of quality craftsmanship, but the prices of REAL furniture made with wood and quality rugs that aren't made of rubber, plastic, and vinyl are ridiculously high. The high prices of home furnishings are the reason why most peoples' homes are so sparsely furnished! Too many home furnishing companies are price gouging. Where do they expect homeowners to get thousands and thousands of dollars for a rug and rugs for multiple rooms? RIDICULOUS!!!
  14. @Almightycreator888: They need to start paying the workers more or else I'll stop buying them
  15. @mn4169: Great
  16. @michelleabaya287: Well, it seems that the weaver guy wanted his son to inherit his job, so it can't be that bad !!! Said he was able to afford education and marriage for his children. So, he must have been paid way more than the basic wage. Even white collar office workers in the US, struggle to do all that... but working for 50 years, maybe thats good, maybe thats bad.
  17. @peternedilsky9851: Sold for $12,000 to dumb, rich white folks. Made by people who make $12,000 per year making carpets.
  18. @hp4415: A lot of the steps can be machine done without sacrificing the quality but I guess can’t charge premium price if it’s machine done
  19. @1GoodWoman: Thank you for this. Sadly if it has to stay in the family there will be no choice for the younger ones for how they live their lives. Not ok. Yes save the skills, find apprentices and automate where possible, like cleaning. We all have both minds and bodies….nothing is worth trapping children in manual labor and minimal education, nothing.
  20. @ChazBword: People are leaving because they see that this is working poor people to the bone and they want something better. If the working conditions were updated and the pay was increased, then maybe you wouldn't be complaining about a "thinning workforce". With the amount of standards they have for these carpets, these workers should be living well.

- How Rug Weavers In Morocco Are Working Together To Fight For A Fair Wage | So Expensive: Kind: captions Language: en-US Narrator: It can take 30 kilos of raw wool to make a single Moroccan rug. Women tie each knot by hand, one row at a time. Instead of using guides, they work from their imagination. Narrator: When sold online, authentic rugs can cost over $2,000. But the women who make them often receive the least profit. The most Fadma has sold a rug for: $600. Most of the profits are taken by middlemen, who buy the rugs from artisans and sell them for several times more in big markets. Authentic rugs also compete with knockoffs made outside of Morocco. Narrator: Today, dozens of cooperatives are working together to fight for a fair wage. We went to Morocco to find out why these artisans struggle to earn a profit while the rugs are so expensive. Deep in the Atlas Mountains, there are thousands of artisans weaving rugs like this. They've been woven throughout Morocco for centuries by Amazigh tribes. Narrator: Fadma has been making rugs her whole life. She says weaving is much more than just a job. Narrator: Her day starts with making bread. Besides weaving, the women here are responsible for childcare and household chores. Artisans use wool from local sheep, but there's a lot of work to do before this wool is ready to weave. Raw wool starts out like this. Artisans carry the wool to a nearby river to wash it, removing any dirt or debris. Once the wool dries, artisans spin it into yarn. These large combs untangle the fibers in a process called carding. Artisans spin the wool two times, combining threads for a sturdier result. It's patient work, but Fadma says working together makes it more enjoyable. Narrator: These women are part of the Kasbah Taznakht cooperative, one of around 50 in the region. Their aim is to help each other weave and to sell rugs directly, cutting out the middlemen. Narrator: Having several artisans is especially useful when weaving a large rug. They measure out the length and hammer two stakes into the ground. Artisans walk the yarn back and forth dozens of times to start the rug. The rest of the rug is woven into this base. From here, artisans unravel the yarn and attach it to the loom. This marks the start of weeks of work. Moroccan rugs are thick, soft, and durable, thanks to the wool from local mountain sheep. Debagh has around 300 sheep and goats. He shears them in March and sells most of the wool to weavers. Narrator: Debagh sells his wool for around $10 per kilogram. Narrator: Back at the cooperative, artisans are busy dyeing the wool. They use natural ingredients that create rich and varied colors. Artisans mix alum stones in boiling water to help the yarn absorb the dye. Fadma uses ingredients like rosemary and henna. She uses pomegranate peel to make yellow. Keeping track of what the raw materials cost and factoring that into the price of a rug is another challenge. Artisans who use natural dyes instead of chemical dyes need more raw materials. And some of these ingredients, like madder, a root used for red dye, are expensive when bought in large amounts. This dyed yarn forms Fadma's palette of colors that she weaves into the base to form a design. When all the materials are ready, Fadma starts to weave. Narrator: Each knot is tied individually, one row at a time. After decades of practice, Fadma is able to quickly weave dyed yarn through the base. Narrator: Each region of Morocco has its own designs and motifs, like Beni Ourain from the Middle Atlas or Taznakht rugs from northwestern Africa, which use several weaving techniques to create complex patterns. On large rugs, artisans work side by side. The more complicated the pattern, the harder it is to weave. Large rugs can take months to make, and the bigger the rug, the more expensive it becomes. Narrator: Unfortunately, weaving a beautiful rug doesn't guarantee a profit. Most weavers live and work in rural areas with limited access to transportation. They don't have access to the markets and are exploited by middlemen. These obstacles make it challenging for women to sell their rugs directly. Narrator: Several direct-trade companies partner with weavers and pay a higher price for their rugs. After shipping costs and import taxes, the final price of a large rug can easily exceed $1,000. But the pay artisans receive from these companies varies. It can range from only 20% to over 60% of the price you see online. Within Morocco, rugs are sold in markets like this that can be found across the country. Janah has sold rugs for 30 years. He says his customers are around 60% locals and 40% tourists. Narrator: But the farther a rug gets from the weaver, the more expensive it becomes. And while joining a cooperative can help increase pay, it doesn't guarantee it. Narrator: Authentic wool rugs also compete with rugs made outside of Morocco that imitate traditional designs. Some of these are made of wool, but many use cotton or polyester. Like many traditional crafts, passing on rug making has been a challenge. Narrator: But these artisans say it's important to preserve this tradition.

  Top Comments:
  1. @allibaba3886 [4 likes]: I got so emotional watching this, I have an old rug that my gand mother gifted me before she passed away.
Will always love you Hadda 😢
  2. @TudorIrimescu [1 likes]: Just came back from Morocco where I got an incredible piece handmade by the Amazigh near Tinghir, the quality and design is outstanding. It was expensive, no doubt about it, but I'm so glad that my money is going to people keeping the art alive. You can truly feel a lot of love and soul has gone into the piece, that alone is priceless. Worth every penny and I'll do it again.
  3. @Rod-bp8ow [1 likes]: SMES Tiers and levels Exception. APPROVED. Reason:Products, goods that are Environment friendly or promotes heritage preservation are categorized TAX REGISTERED and EXEMPT, since it promotes environment friendliness, preservation of culture and so as agricultural products. Cooperatives and its Multi-purpose and functions that supports community developments, restoration of Areas of significant change. THANK YOU TIERAGE. ******IMPORTANT*******NON FINTECH/AI standards of Excellence*******
  4. @okaminess [1 likes]: Fiber artists everywhere get cheated. It happens with the Indigenous weavers on the Navajo Nation within the United States, who have been creating woven works centuries before European colonization. My Navajo grandma used to sell her woven art for $75 and get cheated. She sheared the flock of sheep, skirted the wool, cleaned the wool of lanolin and vegetable matter, hand-spun the wool, and wove beautiful designs for highway robbery prices. It is disgusting how fiber artists of the world are underappreciated and cheated out of their livelihoods. There was a movement to get the middlemen out of the picture. Local business owners in Gallup, NM had the vision of wanting to become an "Indian trader." Some still do. Our culture is all but shifting. We are still weaving on the Navajo Nation, but there are fewer of us. We are trying to teach each other now, and we are not necessarily learning from our grandmas and mothers or relatives. For some, weaving skips a generation, like for me. Luckily I got back in the groove! <3 Much love to all my fellow fiber artists in the world. I feel your pain!💔
  5. @user-cy7hk2xw2b: This is the Akhnif Lglaoui Carpet Co-Operative, located just south of Aït Benhaddou and Ouarzazate, about 150 miles south of Marrakech. If you look it up they have a website I think.
  6. @mikegrin2323: Everyone can produce/manufacture things. The hard part is selling. The rugs are useless garbage which sells only because of historical/traditional value. They have to thank the middlemen.
  7. @ousamaalami7086: I'm proud of you our women
  8. @evelinagarciamerlo9127: ❤❤❤
  9. @maryanncraze5118: Wow 🎉
  10. @lugmanal-shyiab3872: ما شاء الله شغل جميل جدا. لكن المشكلة انه الواحد لما بده يشتري شي من تجار المغرب للسواح والزائرين  انهم بفكروا انه مغفل  يعني عدم الصدق والامانه في البيع والنوع والسعر  لكن شعب المغرب شعب حباب
  11. @AnimeShinigami13: The scenery is as beautiful as the craftsmanship. These are works of art! I've been learning some of these skills in the united states, I can absolutely confirm with the madder root dye that it costs a TON. A tiny little bag of it at a shop a 2 hour busride from home costs 45$ US. For about a cup's worth (imperial not metric). So I bought seeds from grand prismatic and grew them. Its a shame nobody can give some seeds to these women for their work. Madder is native to India, Western Asia and North Africa. Morocco should be part of its natural range. It's a perennial that takes 3 to 5 years to mature. Red and blue are two of the most difficult colors to achieve in a way that's durable. Madder and cochineal (aka carmine) are two of the most sturdy natural reds in existence. They require alkali solutions and can create variations of pink and purple depending on what you add to the dye. And the fact that these women live near a source of natural mordant (mineral rather than refined alum) means amazing dye colors are possible there. Alum is needed to help dyes adhere to the wool and make the colors bright.
  12. @shuga1006: omg, such beautiful colours!
  13. @okaminess: The raw wool is technically expensive to produce and takes so many resources. <3 It's not easy! My dad does this. We have only 30 sheep, but we make it work. Everyone has to take turns herding in my family. I'm disappointed that we have to live far from sheep camp. Lots of wear and tear on the vehicles to get to sheep camp. It is off-grid in a bunch of hills, near some red sandstone cliffs.
  14. @marculpa: Sehr schön. 
Wenn wir auch am Boden schlafen würden, würde ich auch einen Teppich kaufen. 
Aber aus Persien.
  15. @anulikamamah9376: So beautiful 😍,wish I can have one one day
  16. @colour_fully: Wow, amazing process and culture. I hope they get more and more of the lions share of for all their hard work… absolutely beautiful
  17. @manjumanl222: you Amazigh  have to be proud of yourselves ,you made the glory of Rome once , Islamic civilization ...you are true humains.
  18. @hafsaakaoui449: تبارك الله على نساء بلادي ♥️♥️♥️♥️
  19. @hafsaakaoui449: ♥️♥️♥️
  20. @alonacohen1299: Would it be possible for their contacts to be given

- Desert to Dream     #madeinindia #artisan #carpet: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] O nivn my mother earth has a crazy attitude towards me O nivn my attitude is to be followed by everyone O Bhagwan O nivn my attitude is to be followed by everyone O Bhagwan no nivn take a pot full of water move my property away O my mother father has the virtue O nivn my mother earth has a crazy attitude towards me O nivn my attitude is to be followed by everyone O Radha make roti you are late and where is the vegetable today she is saying make it, eat roti and make it go to work you are late without God O nivn my mother father has the virtue yes let's go yes yes Bhari ji I am Swaroop sir now and I have checked the toilets in 10-12 rows Later Sadhu went and boarded the bus at 11:00 and then later go home get ready and later you got a direct station but the train is not at 4 o'clock yes at 4 o'clock Dapu we talked thu friend Dapu you are getting late you are definitely getting late who will delay we talked yes go straight to the station okay Hey, I found it on the spot, oh trouble, oh trouble, Bhumar Chu is killing the house, master, you are killing the pearl of the nose ring, you are doing well, oh well, live well, oh well, live well, oh the spinning wheel is killing the house, master, you are killing the pearl of the nose ring, you are doing well, for the whole house Ram Ram ji Ram Ram Ram Ram Ram What else is there to do, and of course yes, go and cut the sandalwood [music] Lal gulal [music] I will take that, look, cut a lot of thorns, keep it for less, take the shirt, for 12 years you have been useful for many things, Lal ji, many things, oh 12 years you have been useful for many things, Lal ji, one in the hand, someone else [ music] The house owner is killing the fake one, the char kheri ka mai, I am the other's brother, Nardal is the other's brother, I have lost Shiv, oh what's the matter, sir, are you learning, go on, learn, a little bit of love is acceptable, Dara [praise] Jai Jai Shri Ram Jai Shri Ram Jai Shri Ram Jai Shri Ram Jai Shri Ram Jai Shri Ram [music] thora re thora ma My train is moving a little, a little, my O my Babu, ask for the ticket, O Yama, Hey Babu, ask for the ticket, O Yama, God, the train will move slowly Why, temple, Giriari [ Music] [ Music] Bho Me Bhai Sara [Praise] Why are you going to do this again, O Yama, why are you doing this again, Oh Grandma, make my braid. Hi Lado, many people were angry with Meera Bai's devotion and love for Lord Shri Krishna, to stop Meera they gave her a cup of poison, O grandmother, O Lado, who gave the cup of poison to Meera, she is not in this world and you cannot do as you wish, if the world gives you poison, it taunts you and you cannot do as you wish, you don't worry, I will give you buttermilk to drink, cold lassi , cold drinks, and feed you delicious things. Don't worry. You have sent me a cup, is it mine? You have sent me a cup in your hand, is it mine? Make nectar for me, my beloved, my heart, Sawariya, I salute you. Make nectar for me, my heart, Sawariya, I salute you. Who will do it, my mother, my mother says it all, Sawariya, I salute you

  Top Comments:
  1. @snigdhachintapatra2861 [2 likes]: Awesome!
  2. @chothmaldiwan8217 [1 likes]: ❤

- Will a Weighted Blanket Help You Sleep? | Consumer Reports: Kind: captions Language: en-US Having trouble sleeping? Many people swear by weighted blankets. There's not a lot of evidence-based research to back up whether a weighted blanket will help with insomnia, but it might be worth a try. For some people, they can also have a calming effect if you tend to feel anxious or restless when going to bed. What exactly is a weighted blanket? Basically, a weighted blanket is a quilted blanket that each of these little pockets is filled with glass or plastic beads. The pocket keeps the weights from shifting around while you're sleeping. Manufacturers say you should pick a weighted blanket that's around 10% of your body weight. So if you weigh 150 pounds, you should choose a 15 pound weighted blanket. In our test, we found that blankets sold with the same weight could vary in size, changing the pressure you feel. For example, these two blankets both weigh 15 pounds. The 70 by 48 inch blanket weighs about 10 ounces per square foot, while the larger blanket weighs about 7 ounces per square foot. So be sure to choose one with a good return policy so you can try it out before you totally commit. Are weighted blankets hot? CR uses this device, dubbed the Tin Man, to measure each blanket's heat retention. Our test found that models with duvet covers were slightly warmer, but all the blankets add about the same amount of warmth that you'd get from a fluffy down Comforter. For more tips on catching those Z's, mattress recommendations and more, check out cr.org/sleep.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Supernaut2000 [3 likes]: Save money…I simply add a layer or 2 of blankets to achieve the same result. If you get hot, peel one off.
  2. @aceofspades6667 [2 likes]: It’s like a hug
  3. @DavidBugea [1 likes]: One thing to consider: The weight of these can be substantial, and movements in bed against this weight (such as turning, and positioning the covers) can aggravate arthritic and injured joints.
  4. @middler5212 [1 likes]: I can’t sleep without mine now. Just wish I’d found it sooner.
  5. @roburz62: I’ve tried a couple, returned the first, kept the second but don’t use it. I think I’ll see if it helps my autistic grandson.
I have fibromyalgia and was told it would help. It does not. I bought the lightest I could find, still too heavy. I just use two regular blankets as others suggested. I can peel off or add as I need it.
  6. @zuti071: Never heard for this blanket until now.
  7. @iamthedutchbro: It's a blanket that's weighted.
  8. @jdvannoy99: My niece and nephew (teenagers) love them.
  9. @wyzemann: As long as they don't bake me while I'm asleep, they seem like a reasonable buy.  Although, even at 75°F, I tend to mildly perspire under most comforters/duvets.🤔
  10. @hollygarfield123: i love this channel its like is qvc was how its made

- Consumer Reports: Finding the right weighted blanket for you: Kind: captions Language: en To unfold music audio to make artificial touch Nobel like this Forte 20 the beast enters this emas part-time job left is it oil's who can choose the biological what work and this Shen Cell empty market or a leader and a follower shooting de hugging ac vol.2 what is this these days Koo maybe wow this my 2 weeks to the US couldn't have grasped Super Recipe Box's deep 5 double starting point what would I do maino bake a plain additives to us cutting on the left to maybe engrave servo some won't Fanco I'm in Boxfit together already yom getting even if it comes out a leader receiving affection exmol patient used as was there type outside Maenggu reading so already clear dungddanji said cowon Viva to woo broth water or start my honor to where i change would contract hit trampoline this stand before food brother what is this what is in front of the house channel so I can see it please come something a little wow due to what this rough Emons cheap 4oz PS wool to some left side whether to see breath use my let's use seasoned salad & every line this pursue especially not right n how i'm artificial with loud hey can't merci failure is what now again not when aspiring champion hydrofluoric acid for you i lost pond order deletion saliva learned on the 9th to wash 3 nu serous within no.52 3 pulse in the goal it's squid it became that much resort #3 like words 5 days watching high-ranking etc. daily trending very becoming professor recruitment major no.2 can see news coo coo group's law throwing away but words aren't 5 my Mr. Mo free now comes really boat 1 imported velvet words said it was a cam file

- Best Electric Blanket Consumer Reports: Kind: captions Language: en best electric blanket [Music] number one hide lane faux fur electric blanket hide lane's faux fur blanket is not only great at keeping you warm it also makes a great design accent for your home it has a premium appearance and you can choose from several color options to match your home's decor super lux faux fur covers this ultra soft electric blanket it's made of 100 polyester for a cozy feel that reviewers rave is the softest they've felt on an electric blanket there are three heat settings so you can find the perfect one for you and the power cord is over six feet long for added convenience it's available with a faux fur or sherpa top in six shades this is a low voltage blanket and features minimal wiring for current price please check the links in the description box number two cozy heated electric blanket as one of only a few battery-powered electric blankets the cosy is a great investment if you need to stay warm while camping or engaging in outdoor activities it's the best 12 volt electric blanket bar none and if you can look past the price it's an outstanding product overall take your electric blanket on the road with the cozy blanket this pick has a rechargeable battery pack that makes this blanket completely portable it takes just five minutes to heat up and the heat will last for up to five hours reviewers rave that this soft blanket with a weather resistant shell is an absolute game changer for camping and outdoor adventures the cozy blanket uses mylar insulation to trap warmth the same material used for temperature control on spacecraft number three bed sure heated electric blanket for a blanket that heats up quickly and thoroughly this bed sure heated throw blanket impressed pros not only did it heat up quickly this pick features automatic shut off after three hours of use in five different heat settings available in six stylish shades there are over 2 800 rave amazon reviews with many loving that the material is ultra soft on both sides it's not as thick as other picks but reviewers credit the thinner design for its faster heat up time within only 20 minutes you will feel the difference of having this electric throw blanket the twin blanket for bed will reach the max temperature of 104 degrees fahrenheit within 56 minutes the heat blanket automatically shuts off after 10 hours of use for current price please check the links in the description box number four sunbeam electric blanket if you like to have full control of your blankets heat this is the one for you sunbeam is widely recognized as the best electric blanket brand and it does that reputation justice with this blanket it's relatively lightweight and has an intuitive and uncomplicated controller making it ideal for older users all the buttons are clearly labeled and in a large format sunbeam goes above and beyond with heat settings on this blanket in addition to having two heat zones with individual controls each zone is also further split into body and foot zones you can set the temperature for your feet independently of the body zone you'll love this if you have poor circulation or just need a little extra heat on your toes number five but rest microlight electric blanket buturest is a company with a storied legacy in the mattress industry and its attention to quality is apparent in this blanket this is the best king size electric blanket with a dual control functionality whether you like your blanket hot scorching lukewarm cool or anything in between butter rest delivers with 20 heat settings you can find precisely the temperature you want moreover it has a preheat feature so it's ready as soon as you get in bed you get your pick of a light microlight plush fabric or the sherpa reverse the thick sherpa fabric is a little warmer but you're not likely to need it with this many heat settings it's ul listed and etl certified also it features a 10 hour automatic shut off please subscribe our channel thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @TeacupJan [7 likes]: So you're pretending to be Consumer Reports? That's pretty low.
  2. @george5120 [1 likes]: Get rid of the damn music.
  3. @theuofc: Electronic voice, using CR to con viewers into thinking you are Consumer Reports.  You're not and it's obvious by your crappy choices in blankets.  Did you get kickbacks from each brand?

- TOP—5. Best Electric Heated Blankets 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Looking for the perfect electric heated blanket for chilly nights? Stay tuned and we've ranked the top five throw blankets from worst to best, so you know exactly which one's worth your money. [Music] Kicking off our list at number five is the Ventimi heated throw. It's a solid option for light use or a backup blanket, but when you line it up against the rest, it just doesn't heat up the competition. Literally and figuratively. Now, don't get me wrong, there's plenty to like here. It heats quickly, offers cozy flannel and sherpa softness, and the 9- ft cord gives you freedom to plug in pretty much anywhere. Plus, it's got ETL and FCC safety certifications, and it's machine washable, which is always a win. But with just five heat levels and a short 3-hour auto shut off, it falls short for those who want overnight warmth or more control over temperature. Other models on this list just offer more features for around the same price. If you need something basic and budget friendly for short use, maybe on the couch during movie nights, this will do the trick. But if you want full night warmth or advanced controls, keep watching. And by the way, I've dropped the best prices for all the blankets in this review in the description below. So, be sure to check that out. At number four, we've got the Ehey CIA heated throw. It takes a stylish leap forward with its luxurious faux fur design, but it still leaves some warmth and control on the table compared to our top picks. This blanket is perfect for anyone who values looks just as much as performance. It's plush, cozy, and heats up quickly. The 10-hour auto shut off is a standout feature, especially if you want something that keeps you warm all night. Plus, it's OE KO TEX certified, so you know it's made with safe materials. However, with only six heat levels and a max temperature around 110° Fahrenheit, it's not the hottest blanket out there. Literally, if you live in a colder climate or want more fine-tuned heat, you might feel limited. Still, this one's ideal for someone who wants luxury comfort, and long hour heating. Perfect for lounging on the couch or in bed. If you're enjoying this breakdown so far, hit that like button and subscribe to the channel for more real talk reviews. Coming in at number three is the Octrot heated blanket. A big step up from the last two. With 10 heat settings and the highest temperature range on this list, it's built to keep you warm even on the coldest nights. This blanket doesn't mess around when it comes to power. It heats up fast, reaches up to 131°, and stays on for a solid 8 hours. The fleece and sherpa combo is soft, breathable, and the weight gives it a cozy feel that a lot of people love. That said, it's not perfect. It's a bit heavier than most, and the listings don't always mention important specs like cord length or safety certifications. So, while the performance is top tier, transparency could be better. If you're looking for high heat and lots of control, this is a fantastic mid-range choice. It delivers great value, and you won't be waking up cold. In the runner-up spot, we have the Bedure Heated Blanket. A powerhouse when it comes to performance, safety, and convenience. This one's a favorite for a reason. With 10 heat settings and quick heating technology, it's built for comfort. It features a digital LED controller, and the soft microfleece design adds a layer of luxury. But where it really shines is safety. It passed a whopping 74 safety tests and comes with both ETL and FCC certifications. The only real knock here is the 4-hour auto shut off, which is a bit short for overnight use. You might need to turn it back on if you're planning to sleep through the night. If you're someone who values safety and high-end features, this blanket checks all the boxes. It's smart, strong, and super reliable. And finally, taking the number one spot, the Homemate Heated Blanket. This one just does everything right. It offers the perfect balance of performance, flexibility, and safety. With 10 heat levels, a wide range of temperature control, and up to 8 hours of shut off options, it lets you personalize your warmth like no other. The long power cord makes it super convenient, and it's backed by both ETL and UL certifications, plus overheating protection. The fabric is thick, soft, and durable, perfect for long winters. And while some users say it feels a bit lightweight or that the temperature self adjusts too much over time, these are minor gripes in an otherwise excellent design. If you want a reliable, customizable, and high quality heated throw, this is the one to beat. It's warm, it's safe, and it's built to last. All the top products from this review are linked in the description below. Go check them out at the best prices. And if you like this video, give it a thumbs up, hit that subscribe button, and stay tuned for more honest gear reviews coming your way.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Zero-Recollection [2 likes]: AI reviewing products now too. 😭
  2. @24RightChoice [1 likes]: VENTIMI TW1-G-F
https://www.amazon.com/VENTIMI-Blanket-Electric-Heating-Certificated/dp/B09838MXBJ

EHEYCIGA HL-HNS-03
https://www.amazon.com/EHEYCIGA-Heated-Blanket-Electric-Throw/dp/B0B48GGQKV/

OCTROT Heated Blanket Electric Throw, 50X60 (B0D2W8YWVX)
https://www.amazon.com/Blanket-Electric-Heating-Checkered-Washable/dp/B0D2W8YWVX/

Bedsure Heated Blanket Electric Throw (BS-100T)
https://www.amazon.com/Bedsure-Electric-Blanket-Heated-Throw/dp/B0BZSCS613

Homemate Heated Blanket 50"x60" (YZH-5060T)
https://www.amazon.com/HomeMate-Heated-Blanket-Electric-Throw/dp/B0B5GKV9XN
  3. @deniseknue9902: Price please 🙏

- 5 Best Cooling Blankets 2026! Tested and Tried: Kind: captions Language: en Are you tired of waking up in a pool of your own sweat? What if I told you the secret to a cool and comfortable night's sleep is as simple as changing your blanket? I've spent weeks testing some of the most popular cooling blankets on the market to find out which ones actually live up to the hype. We're going to break down the top five, starting from my least favorite and working our way to the absolute best cooling blanket that has completely changed my sleep. [Music] Number five, Guawei cooling throw blanket. This one caught my eye because of its dual-sided design. One side is made with Japanese arc chill cooling fabric, which feels incredibly cool and silky against the skin. The other side is 100% cotton, which is meant for cooler nights. I really liked this concept of having a twoin-one blanket for year round use. The cooling side is genuinely impressive. It has a QAX value of over 0.4, which basically means it's really good at absorbing body heat, and you can feel it. The moment you touch it, you get this refreshing cool sensation. But, and there is a butt, I found that the cooling effect didn't last all night. It was great for falling asleep, but I would often wake up in the middle of the night feeling a bit warm. It's almost like the blanket would absorb my body heat to a certain point and then just hold on to it. I also found the throw size to be a bit limiting for bed use. While it's perfect for lounging on the couch, it's not quite big enough to use as a primary blanket for sleeping, especially if you share a bed. And similar to the Dang Top, I noticed a little bit of peeling after a few washes, which was a bit of a let down. Overall, the Guhawei cooling throw blanket is a good choice if you're looking for a versatile blanket for both the couch and the bed, and you're primarily concerned with that initial cooling feeling to help you doze off. Number four, Elevolutionary Cooling Blanket. This is where we start to see a significant jump in quality. Like the Guhawi, the Allegier also has a dual-sided design with one side featuring the arc chill cooling fabric and the other made of 100% cotton. The cooling side is incredibly smooth and feels amazing against the skin. I was really impressed with how well it regulated my body temperature throughout the night. I didn't experience that issue of waking up warm like I did with the Guawi. The Allegier seemed to do a much better job of dissipating heat, keeping me cool and comfortable until morning. The construction of the blanket also feels more premium. The stitching is topnotch, and it has held up beautifully in the wash with no signs of peeling or fading. It's also lightweight, but not so light that you feel like you're sleeping with just a sheet. It has just enough weight to feel comforting and secure. The cotton side is also incredibly soft and cozy, making this a truly versatile allseason blanket. I could definitely see myself using this year round, which adds a lot of value to the purchase. If I had to be picky, I'd say that the cooling side can feel a little too cool at times, especially when you first get into bed. It's a bit of a shock to the system, but you get used to it pretty quickly. Also, while it's a step up in quality, it's also a step up in price. Number three, HFine cooling blanket. This blanket takes the dual-sided concept to the next level. One side is a blend of nylon and polyethylene, which creates an incredibly cool and breathable surface. The other side is made of a bamboo cotton blend, which is both soft and moisture wicking. I was blown away by how effective the cooling side was. It felt like flipping my pillow over to the cool side, but for my entire body. And the best part is the feeling lasts. I never once woke up feeling overheated while using this blanket. What sets the HFine apart is the attention to detail in its design. The blanket is filled with a down alternative that is both lightweight and breathable, so you get the cozy feeling of a comforter without the trapped heat. The stitching is done in a classic box pattern, which not only looks great, but also keeps the filling evenly distributed. It's also machine washable, which is a huge plus in my book. And after multiple washes, it still looks and feels brand new. No peeling, no fading, no clumping of the filling. I'm really struggling to find any negatives with this one. I guess if you're looking for a very lightweight, sheetlike blanket, this might be a bit too substantial for you. But for me, it's the perfect balance of lightweight and cozy. The Humine Cooling Blanket is a top tier product that delivers on its promises. It's wellmade, incredibly effective, and provides a level of comfort that is hard to beat. If you're serious about getting a better night's sleep, this is an excellent choice. Two, HFine cooling blanket comforter. Yes, another HFine product, but this one is a gamecher. This is a full-fledged comforter, not just a blanket. It has that fluffy cloud-like feel that you expect from a high-end comforter, but with the added benefit of advanced cooling technology. The outer fabric is the same cooling blend as the blanket, but the filling is a more substantial yet still breathable down alternative. This is the perfect solution for those who love the feeling of a big cozy comforter, but can't stand the heat. I was a bit skeptical at first. I mean, a cooling comforter. It sounds like an oxymoron, but let me tell you, it works. I was able to snuggle up in this comforter without waking up in a sweat. It's the best of both worlds. You get the comforting weight and fluffiness of a traditional comforter, but the fabric and filling work together to keep you cool and dry all night long. The quality is also exceptional. It's beautifully made with a satine-like finish that feels incredibly luxurious. And like the other HFine product, it's machine washable and holds up perfectly. This comforter has truly transformed my sleep. I no longer have to choose between being cozy and being cool. I can have both. The only reason this isn't my number one pick is that it's a bit of a splurge. It's definitely an investment, but if you're a hot sleeper who has been dreaming of a comforter that won't make you overheat, this is it. The HFine cooling blanket comforter is a luxurious, effective, and life-changing product that is worth every penny. Number one, Acurateex cooling comforter. This comforter is, in a word, perfect. It combines all the best features of the other blankets on this list into one incredible product. It has a dual-sided design with one side featuring the most advanced Japanese arc chill cooling fabric I've ever felt. It's so cool, it's almost hard to believe. The other side is a super soft brushed microfiber that is perfect for those cooler nights. But what really sets the Acurateex apart is the filling. It's a unique blend of microfiber and a special cooling fiber that actively pulls heat away from your body. This isn't just a passive cooling effect. It's an active one. And you can feel the difference. I have never slept more comfortably in my life. I'm not just saying that. I am a notoriously hot sleeper. And this comforter has completely solved my night sweat problem. I wake up feeling refreshed, cool, and dry every single morning. The quality is also second to none. The stitching is flawless. The fabric is incredibly durable, and it's held up perfectly in the wash. It's the perfect weight, the perfect size, and the perfect temperature. It's everything I've ever wanted in a cooling blanket and more. I know it's a bit on the pricey side, but when you consider the quality of sleep you'll be getting, it's an investment in your health and well-being. The Acurateex cooling comforter is without a doubt the best cooling blanket on the market. If you're a hot sleeper, do yourself a favor and get this comforter. It will change your life. Final thought, that's all for today, folks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Erissa-b4k [1 likes]: No likes hush
  2. @mkscott12: I have the Lululinens supercool and love it, much better sleeps

- 10 DIY PROJECTS TO MAKE YOUR HOME LOOK EXPENSIVE (ON A BUDGET): Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone, welcome back to my channel. My name's Kristin and today I'm going to be sharing with you some designer approved DIY projects that can make your home look very luxurious and high-end, but are actually very budget-friendly. I'm all about finding ways to make a space look custom and expensive without breaking the bank. So, if you're looking for some ideas on ways to improve the look of your home, this video is just for you. If you enjoy watching and find this video helpful, make sure you give it a big thumbs up and hit that like button. Let's go ahead and jump right into it. Let's jump right into one of my favorite ways to get a budget-friendly designer custom look, and that's using IKEA cabinets to help you build built-ins. I've done this behind me here by using the IKEA Brimnes cabinets, putting five of them together so that they span wall to wall. I finished them with baseboards and small trim to create some extra detail, added my own hardware, painted them, and now they look like custom built-ins. So, IKEA cabinets can get you very far in your built-in designer dreams, because having someone come in and fully build out custom cabinets can be very expensive. So, if you use the IKEA PAX system for your custom built-in closet system, that will save you a lot of money. You just have to put all the pieces together and then finish it off with trim. This is what's really going to give you that finished high-end custom look. Once you paint all the pieces, they will look like expensive custom built-ins. So, it is such an easy hack to get you to that designer custom built-in level on a major budget. Now, when it comes to lighting, I truly think that wall sconces can make your space look thoughtfully designed, a little bit more elevated and customized, which just makes your space look high-end. So, you can definitely achieve this look if you're a renter, homeowner, or Or just don't want to hire anyone to cut holes in your walls and rework the wiring, you can get this look with rechargeable wall sconces. I've used these time and time again and they add this three-dimensional look to your home. They really highlight design details, brighten up your space, and they just look like jewelry around your home. So, they are a must-have for sure and they are super DIY friendly to install. It's pretty much like installing wall art. So, you screw the plate into your wall. There's no hardwiring required. Add the light fixture on, put in your rechargeable light bulb, and you've got yourself some wall sconces ready to go. It is incredible. These can all be controlled off of a remote. You can change the lighting temperature of the bulbs and you can just recharge these over time. When you have rechargeable wall sconces, you aren't always putting them on, but I think that wall sconces, even if they're not turned on, look very designer and luxurious around a home. Now, a very easy DIY project that you can do this weekend that's affordable and quick is painting your wall outlet cover plates. I specifically buy paintable wall outlet cover plates so that I can seamlessly work my outlets into the walls of my home. So, if you have wallpapered walls or dramatic wall colors around your home, you can also work in your wall outlets to blend into that space as well. So, that your walls aren't chopped up with white squares all over your walls. This is how you kind of camouflage those necessities around your home and it's that little detail that just elevates your home drastically. So, now here's a DIY project that I just completed that saved me thousands of dollars doing it DIY style and that is installing my own staircase runner. Staircase runners are very pricey. They can be thousands of dollars. So, if you want to save money and do it for just a few hundred dollars, you can get that designer look by purchasing smaller size runners, about 2 and 1/2 ft wide by 8 ft long, attaching them together to create the full stair length. I used three affordable runners on my staircase to create this look, and you'd never know the difference. It looks seamless. It all just comes down to how you attach them and where you attach them. So, I attached all of the seams under crevices in corners of the staircase so that you'd never know the difference. So, I was able to achieve this look for just under $400, but I was quoted about 2 to 4,000 if I got a custom runner made for this length of staircase. So, of course, I did it DIY style. Obviously, everyone's stairs are different just depending on the length and width of your stairs, but the easy calculation to decide on how much runner rug you need to order, add together your tread depth plus your riser height, and multiply it by how many stairs you have. That number is going to give you the overall length that you need, so you can decide on how many rugs you need to order from there depending on what rugs you're choosing. But, there's a lot more selection online for shorter runner rugs. It's a fun DIY project that I definitely think you guys can do as well, and it will absolutely give you a designer look on a budget. One simple DIY painting trick that you can do in any space just to elevate the look of it is painting your trim and the walls the same color, but in two different sheens. This will instantly elevate the look of any room. And it can be done in an hour, in a weekend. It's a super simple change. It's also something that's very reversible because it's just paint, but it will definitely give you this designer look on a major budget. You don't need much paint for this. This is super budget-friendly, and I truly think anyone can paint. So, if you can stay within the lines, you can definitely do this DIY project. This is going to expand the look of your walls, really elevate the height of your ceilings, and just overall make your space look a lot larger. So, if you're looking to elevate any space around your home that has a contrasting wall and trim color, really integrate that wall color into your trim and expand the look of your room. It's such a simple change, and I think it goes such a long way. Now, one thing I noticed when ordering doors and windows is doors and windows with privacy glass or any kind of frosted glass cost a lot more money. So, if you want to get this look on a budget, you can definitely do so by using a frosted privacy film. This goes right over top of your windows, and it's going to give you that frosted glass look. I like the idea of using privacy film, and I've done it multiple times because it's removable. You can kind of change your mind if you want to and get your window and door back to the way it was, clear and see-through, if needed. So, I like the flexibility there, but these options will definitely give you that look and that functionality that you might need on a major budget. There are so many different privacy glass window film options, and they just attach with water. It will take you no longer than 20 minutes to do this, so it's a great DIY project that makes a huge impact. One thing I like to do to improve the look of any builder-grade bathroom is just frame out the builder-grade wall mirror. Usually, there's a sheet of mirror flat up against the wall with no frame, and that instantly makes your bathroom look a little bit more unfinished. If you want to elevate the look of it, you can just simply frame that mirror out, leave it where it is, and it will instantly elevate the look of your bathroom. You can tie it together by painting it the same wall color. You can have it be an accent color, but this is such a simple DIY. I love the way this just finishes off a simple mirror, and it can be installed without any screws or nails. You can actually attach it all with liquid nails. They have certain type that is for mirrors and glass, so it attaches and holds and there will be no budget at all. So, if taking down that builder-grade mirror intimidates you and you're scared about wall damage and having to patch that, I totally understand because same. I would just frame around it and you'll get that same finished look. Now, if you want to give your bedroom a whole new look, you can definitely do that on a budget by reupholstering your bed frame. Your bed frame doesn't even need to already be an upholstered head frame. You can do this on a wood headboard. You just kind of fill it all in with foam and batting, wrap it with your new fabric, and staple it all behind the headboard, and you've got yourself a fresh new look. This is a very simple, quick, easy DIY project, but it really gives you this elevated look that looks very luxurious. So, you can keep up with designer trends, with colors, and pattern, and material choices, and really get a fresh new look whenever you want just by reupholstering. Now, a DIY project that really makes a huge dramatic impact is peel and stick tile. I've used peel and stick tile quite a few times now, and it really does give you this elevated, expensive, designer look, and it really helps you achieve the entire design style you're going after without doing any demo. So, I did this in our sunroom by covering old tile that we're eventually going to rip up over time, but to get the look in the meantime, I covered it with peel and stick tile. This is thick adhesive tile that gives us that diamond checkerboard look, and it feels and looks so realistic. Everyone that comes over and I tell them that it's peel and stick is always shocked. Now, I don't think peel and stick tile is the forever solution, but if you're trying to save money in the meantime while still achieving a look that you really want for your space, you can definitely use peel and stick tile and just know that you're going to rip it up with your existing tiles when you change that out. So, I just love that it gives you that wiggle room between renovations so that you can save towards exactly what you want, but also be very happy with your space. Now, something that's always going to make your home look a little bit more luxurious and designer is dimension. And dimension can be added very easily with wall trim. Any kind of wall trim around your home. If you add that dimension to your walls, you're adding this extra layer that adds a ton of style to your home and also makes it look and feel a lot more custom. So, I've done this in so many spaces now. Whether your space is large or small or dark or bright, you can make a huge difference in any space just with wall trim. So, it is something I will continue to add to our home and it actually kind of allows you to do less in your space. You don't have to hang as much art, you don't have to spend as much on furniture because the detail is already in the walls. It's definitely DIY friendly and it will absolutely give you that high-end look on a budget. so that's it for today's video. I hope you enjoyed watching and I hope this gave you a better idea on DIY projects that will help improve the look of your home. Let me know down below in the comments if you've done any of these DIYs, if you plan to, let me know your thoughts. And if you enjoyed watching and found this video helpful, make sure you give it a big thumbs up and hit that like button and make sure you guys to subscribe to my channel so you don't miss the upcoming videos. Click that red subscribe button down below and make sure you guys have me notifications turned all the way on so you're first to see the next video. Love you guys so much and I'll see you in my next one. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KristenMcGowan [41 likes]: HAPPY SUNDAY!☺ There are so many affordable DIY projects that can make your home look custom and high-end even on a budget! I'm sharing some of my favorites that you should try in your home! 
Links to Product Mentioned Below!

Battery Wall sconces: https://amzlink.to/az08kbTA1sMOy
Window Frosting Film: https://amzlink.to/az0ovVfFe7Gyj
Paintable outlet cover plates: https://amzlink.to/az0lq6WEQcgCq
Peel & Stick Flooring: https://amzlink.to/az0QZdDcWhXxR
Stair Runner: https://go.magik.ly/ml/2fh88/
Picture Frame molding: https://go.magik.ly/ml/2fh8e/
Miter Sheers: https://amzlink.to/az0prBQTKRugF
Liquid nails for mirrors: https://amzlink.to/az0v46aUFnHBx
  2. @johnnyz4427: What a dream-wife! Can I marry you?
  3. @MiguelHernandez-oc5oy: Do I have to sand the ikea cabinets to paint it with the new trim?
  4. @zoebaggins90: That tile sticker was not good.
  5. @harshit.luthra: These ideas are actually budget friendly but still give that premium vibe really useful🏠✨
  6. @katez7884: Just watched and ordered those sconces!
  7. @austin_blake_01-r5b: Really interesting concept—keeps you curious and engaged throughout the video 👍
  8. @austin_blake_01-r5b: Really interesting concept keeps you hooked and makes you want to see the full explanation 👍
  9. @austin_blake_01-r5b: Really interesting concept keeps you curious and engaged from start to finish 👍
  10. @RAHIWAadeyNayGdiniyu: I super love your videos and your sunroom is so inviting
  11. @whiteshrekgaming: For the wall plate part, please stop using those decorator cover up plates. They are NOT SAFE. They keep the blades on the cord end from reaching the depth required inside the outlet, and create an arc inside your device. This is a fire hazard. Just spend the extra couple dollars and change out the device to a proper decorator outlet.
  12. @hannahswann747: Great ideas, thanks! 🍀
  13. @Divinegoddess_1212: Wow this video is a gem! Thanks so much for sharing!!
  14. @tomd7995: If youdo wall trim do you have to do all four walls to make it balance?
  15. @KathleenClarke-q5n: Thanks
  16. @LoraraeMmoney: ❤
  17. @ShirinStanton-p5w: I love your blue pottery behind you .
How do I get something like that ?
I love love that blue
  18. @CaspianVale-q5m: I have that same wall to wall cabinet from ikea, took me 8 hours to assemble rofl.  Just saying'
  19. @cleanbrushHomes: Great job,.very elevating
  20. @ElenaWhite-r1e: Who’s rewatching this already?

- 🏡 50 Home Decor DIYs That Look High-End on a Budget • Affordable Decorating Ideas: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back. If we haven't met yet, my name is Tiffany. Today, I'm excited to share 50 home decor DIYs and dupes to help you get that high-end look on a budget. I love to go browse high-end stores and gather inspiration. And while at Crate & Barrel, I noticed a lot of these footed bowls. I found this bowl at Goodwill for $4.99 and this for $2.99. To get even coverage when spray painting, I often use this lazy Susan that I thrifted. Here, I used sanded grout mixed with paint. I then used a 100-grit sanding sponge to help slough off any loose grout and smooth it out a bit. I then used a combination of E6000 and hot glue. E6000 is known for its strong bond, but it's slow to dry. Whereas, of course, hot glue dries very quickly. So, these two work well together. If you find one of these clocks out thrifting, you just may want to pick it up. I found this wood round in the Goodwill bins. You'll hear me mention the Goodwill Outlet or the Goodwill bins quite a bit here. It's one of my favorite places to find amazing deals on home decor. Items are usually priced by the pound there, and it's typically a lot cheaper than regular thrift stores. If you're curious if there's one of these stores in your area, I put together a list of all the locations I could find, and I'll have that linked for you down below. I love these ottomans, but at $399 each, they were not quite in the budget. When I walked into this thrift store, someone had just donated these. I talked to the manager, and he offered to sell them to me for $15 each. I ordered this king-size blanket off Amazon. If you follow me, you know that I do not sew. I don't even own a sewing machine, but my sweet mom does, and she offered to help walk me through this project. We pinned those together and started sewing. I then attached with my stapler. Again, to purchase these at Pottery Barn, I would have spent approximately $800, but here we were able to recreate the look for a total of $52. And sometimes second-hand pieces don't need a whole new look, they just need to be restored. >> I got a great deal on this Pottery Barn ottoman, but as you can see it was looking a little worn. I first tested a small inconspicuous spot. The next day, once that was dry, I went over it with leather conditioner. After letting that sit and soak that up overnight, here's what it looked like. I just wiped off the excess, and this looked good as new. One thing I found I'm very drawn to in design is texture. So, I loved this Crate & Barrel wall art, but I didn't love that $299 price tag. So, I found this canvas out thrifting. It was the exact same dimensions. I started by painting over that. Then used this macrame cord. Once I had figured out the length that I needed, I used a board that was about the right length to act as a template to help us quickly cut it to the right length. And if possible, it's definitely helpful to have a second set of hands for this project. Once we had cut 10 strings, I would line them up and tape one end. I then attached the taped end to one side with my electric stapler. And then repeated that process going the other direction. For this project, I could have counted out those strings and kept everything perfect, but I felt like it would be more visually interesting if there were imperfections. So, I just randomly picked up sections and started weaving through. Once each section was through, I would tape off the other end and pull it tight and then staple it underneath. I quickly found out this wasn't the best method. The cord that wasn't attached was starting to get really tangled up, so I straightened everything out and attached both ends of that longer section. This made it a lot easier to weave that other section through without everything getting tangled. I also found that it worked best to first tape that end and cut off the excess. It made it a lot easier to weave it through. And as I pulled those through, I tried to make sure that they didn't get twisted up in the process. And again, I'm not going for perfection here, so I was purposely missing some sections as I weave that through. I also measured on both sides before attaching to make sure that everything stayed nice and straight. This was a very easy project, but if you take this on, just be aware that it was quite time-consuming. So, I ended up doing this project over the course of a few days. I just picked away at it and did a little bit each day until it was done. In the end, my cost to create this was $55. That's not a huge savings from that original piece, but I would have a hard time spending $300 on something like this, but I will spend 55. Another project I did with that macrame cord was recreating these Pottery Barn decorative balls. This works great with foam balls, or you can just use whatever you have on hand or whatever you can find that's affordable. I'd been on the hunt for a nice decorative tree for our home, but I found that the high-quality ones in the style I was looking for were very expensive. So, when I found this one for $7.99, I decided to see if I could work with it. I headed down to Hobby Lobby and found these branches. These were 40% off. I started by removing those branches, and they were surprisingly hard to get out of there. So, I used pliers to help with that. Once those branches were removed, here's what we were left with and these were perfect for inserting some new branches. I cut those to the desired length, then removed the outer plastic to expose the wire. I cut some of those into sections so I had various lengths to help me get the shape that I was looking for. I also wanted to give that base an updated look. I had found this basket at the Goodwill Outlet. To help fill in those gaps in that basket, I used some crumpled up paper bags. And to help weigh it down, I added some gravel. Then topped it with Spanish moss. When I saw this vase, I decided to see if I could recreate the look. I found this out thrifting for $3. I'd had this paint and joint compound mixture from a previous project and added more joint compound. Some wood glue. This helps bind everything together and keeps it from being crumbly so it adds durability. Then added paint. Once applied, I used a trowel to try to mimic that look. But that wasn't giving the look that I wanted. I then tried a comb. But again, it just wasn't quite right. As you can see, that glass was peeking through. So, to truly mimic that Pottery Barn piece, I decided to apply one coat of that mixture and let it dry. Once dry, I took a little water and smoothed it out with my hand. Then I remembered I had this in my pantry. This is intended for cake decorating, but I figured I might as well try it on this. This worked much better. But because it was so wide, it was a little hard to control the end. So, I found it easiest to cut it in half. Once dry, I lightly sanded. Then used a paintbrush to fill in any little bubbles or missing spots in the texture. >> This Crate and Barrel wreath was priced at $159. I found these in the Goodwill bins, and at Hobby Lobby I found this for 40% off. I had this on our front door through the spring and summer, and then when fall rolled around, I came across this Pottery Barn wreath and decided to switch up the look. I had this garland, which was also from Hobby Lobby, removed some of those leaves, and spray painted them. Magnolia is currently selling this brass candle. I found this in the Goodwill bins and used some brass cleaner to shine it up. Added wicks. And microwave safe wax to create my own candle. And I'll show you how this turned out in just a moment. One thing I see a lot of out at high-end stores are decorative beads. And they're typically not little strands with little beads. They're quite substantial and they can be quite expensive. To recreate this look, I started with a few cork pieces that I found in the Goodwill bins. Used some twine to create tassels. Once removed, I tied one end. And cut the other. I then painted that cork. At first, I went with white, but it was looking a little too much like a powdered donut hole. So, I switched colors. I found these large wooden beads on Amazon. I made this gather sign years ago when those were all the rage, but it was time to switch up the look. I started by removing that vinyl lettering. If you're ever in the market for a large print that's shaped like this, one of my favorite affordable ways to get that is by heading over to Etsy and downloading a design you like. I then upload that in Walmart photos and order it as a photo banner. These are usually used for graduation parties or birthday parties, but I like to use them for wall art. If I had ordered this as a regular photo print, it would have cost me around $100, but instead I was able to get this for about a quarter of the price. Once prepped, I used this spray adhesive. As you can see, I ended up with a little gap on the top and bottom here. So, to cover that, I took some scrap wood, painted that, and framed this in. Here's another thing you can do with those dated wooden signs. By dipping this in paint and marking where those screws go, it made it really easy to drill those holes in the right I found in the Goodwill bins. To give it a new look, I removed the finish with Citristrip. You'll notice that I use a lot of the same products and tools over and over again. I've had several of you request a list of my favorite products, tools, and budget-friendly home decor. So, I put that together for you, and if you'd like to check that out, I'll have it linked below. Something else you're likely to see in high-end stores are curved furniture pieces and this fluted or reeded look. These Restoration Hardware pieces are stunning, but not quite in my budget. So, when I came across this on OfferUp for $100, I decided to see what I could do with it. I started sanding that top with a coarse low grit, then slowly worked my way up to get a nice smooth finish. To lighten this top a bit, I went over it with this wood bleach. After letting that sit and dry, I repeated one more time. This process will raise the grain on that wood, so I lightly sanded it to smooth it out again. My goal in lightening that top was to hopefully get it to match these half-round wooden dowels that I had ordered. Once I had figured out the needed length for those dowels, I set a stop there on the left side and pushed those pieces up against it. This allowed me to get even cuts and do so really quickly and easily. I then used my pin nailer to attach those pieces. To fill those holes from the pin nailer, I used a mixture of wood filler and water. Then before that had a chance to fully dry, I wiped it off. For these end pieces on these drawers, we needed them cut down. The drawers wouldn't close as is. The easiest way we found to take care of that was to go ahead and attach the dowel, and then we just took our sander and sanded it flush with the edge. Now, back to that top. I was able to get a similar tone to those dowels by lightening it, but as you can see, it was splotchy. In hopes to even that out and tone that down, I decided to apply a paint wash. To do this, I mixed water with pale oak paint. I applied a very thin layer to that top. I then also applied that wash to the bottom section, working it into those grooves, and then once brushed on, I took a rag and wiped it off. My hope with that paint wash is that it would read as a light natural wood, but it was just looking whitewashed. So, I decided to try another paint wash, this time mixing water and the color blonde wood. After applying that, it just looked yellow. So, it was at this point that I realized that I wasn't going to get that light natural wood look that I was going for. So, I decided to pivot and do something completely different. I started by applying this decorative glaze. Once I had brushed that glaze on, I used a broom to add some texture. I continued on with the base. At this point, I was really happy with that top, but not so much with the lower portion. It was looking really uneven and blotchy. So, ultimately, I decided to tape off that top and paint the bottom. I applied two coats of that paint. Then, to seal that top, I applied this dead flat topcoat. But, when I went to wipe it on, it removed that finish I'd put on there. I tried to touch it up and salvage it, but it wasn't going great. So, I sanded it down again and repeated that process. And this time, I made sure to give it plenty of time to fully cure before applying the topcoat. This one turned out very different than I initially had in mind, but in the end, I love it. I had originally planned to sell this one, but I just couldn't let it go. So, this one now lives in our dining room. This Pottery Barn wall art currently sells for $699. I found this at the Goodwill on pink sale tag day, so I got this for $1.99. I wasn't able to remove that mat, so I just decided to leave it and spray over the whole thing. When I was painting this, it was below freezing outside, and apparently it was too cold to be painting out there. So, my paint ended up crinkling. I wasn't able to completely fix this, but if you ever run into this, while that paint is fairly dry but still a little bit tacky, try tapping it with your finger like this. Sometimes this will help it to re- attach to the piece. It won't be perfect, but it should help make it a little better. I found this on Amazon. To give both ends a finished look, I cut the end off and glued it on. To give that frame a wood look like our inspiration piece, I went over it with a tan paint. Then once that was dry, I topped it with decorative glaze and brushed that on with this deck staining brush. I found this in the Goodwill bins. I first tried cleaning it to get that staining off, but it wasn't wanting to come out. So, I decided to cover it. One finish that I found that I really like is starting with a white wax and then topping that with brown wax. I found myself drawn to these Pottery Barn lanterns. I found this at Valley Village. I used some scrap board to create a base. >> Then went over it with my favorite gold spray paint. I added this base from Dollar Tree and this candle from Walmart. This base is another thing I found in the Goodwill bins. I was curious to see what it would look like without that red on there. So, I went over it with Citristrip. And to keep that from drying on the piece, I covered it with plastic. The vast majority of the time, Citristrip does an amazing job removing paints and finishes, but to my surprise with this one, it didn't really do much of anything. So, I cleaned it off and went a different direction. I had this caning left over from a previous project. We had been in desperate need of some new stools for our kitchen. So, when I came across these for free, I decided to pick them up. They had some peeling on them, but this fabric shaver took care of that. I then gave them a good cleaning. After looking at them for a bit, I decided I wanted them darker. I've always curious to see if I could dye something like this, so I decided to give it a try. I used graphite synthetic dye. I brushed that on and rubbed it in to try to get even coverage. I then used this dye fixative to try to make sure that it wouldn't rub off on clothes. And once dry, this is how they were looking. It definitely wasn't the nice even coverage I had hoped for. I rinsed them off really well and applied another coat of dye, but this time I decided to apply it using this sprayer. At this point, they did look a little better, but they were still pretty splotchy. So, another thing I've been curious about is painting fabric. At that point, I decided why not? Let's just see what happens. After doing some research, I settled on using a mixture of paint, this fabric medium, and fabric softener. I first wet the fabric, then brushed the paint mixture on. I made sure to keep that fabric very wet. Once dry, they really didn't feel too bad. They kind of just felt like canvas, but with a little roughness to them. I had seen tutorials where people would sand at this point, but I was concerned about damaging the fabric if I did that. So, instead, I just took this nylon stiff bristle brush and went over the fabric with that. And that definitely helped to soften these up. I then topped them with two coats of fabric protectant. I found these on Amazon. >> We have really dark floors. So, to help balance things out, I decided to lighten those legs. Once I had removed that black, there was a little bit of a green tone in this wood. So, I applied a paint wash. And topped that with white wax. We've had these in our kitchen for a few years now getting daily use, and they've held up surprisingly well. When you're out thrifting, instead of looking at things for what they are, try to think of what they could be. Also, keep an eye out for pieces that could be combined. I had seen these at Pottery Barn and realized I could get a similar look by combining these two pieces. Now, we're going to take it back to my very first project on YouTube here where I painted over this thrifted canvas, and I decided it was time to paint over it again. My inspiration for this one was this McGee and Co. piece. I started with a mixture of Revere pewter paint, joint compound, and wood glue, and had a second mixture, this time with white paint. I put some Press'n Seal on a plate, brushed some of each mixture onto the plate. I then took a clean brush and put it in the middle of those two mixtures and started applying in a zigzag motion. Once fully covered, I took my deck staining brush and lightly glided it over this whole piece to blend it a bit and give it that faded stone look like our inspiration piece. I picked this up on green sale tag day, so I got this for $1.99. And here I'm using the back of this and some of that leftover Revere pewter mixture, some iron ore paint, and a mistint paint that I had. I know things like this can feel a little intimidating. That's the beauty of picking things up for $1.99. If you mess it up, it's not a big deal. And remember, you can always paint over it again until you're happy with it. We've been seeing a lot of color drenching or painting the trim the same as the wall color in rooms. I'm not quite ready to commit to that, but I figured I'd give it a try in an art piece. Then to finish this off, I found some scrap wood and framed it in. This gave it the appearance of being thicker and more substantial, and also gave it some additional interest. When you find baskets out thrifting, those are typically really easy to tweak. It's not uncommon to find them with broken handles, and that can easily be taken care of by removing both of them. Or you can use paint to give it a new look. I loved the texture of this woven vase, but wasn't a big fan of that shape. So, I removed the top. And then added some of my favorite hydrangeas. >> If like me, you love the look of Roman shades, but you don't want to spend the money on them, here's how I was able to get the look for a lot less. I started by taking some scrap wood and cutting it to the width of my windows. I found it really hard to find fabric that was wide enough to fit these windows. So, what I ended up doing is ordering this shower curtain and using that as my fabric. I cut it in half so I can make two of I also cut this blackout fabric to size. And again, I don't own a sewing machine, so here I'm using iron-on hem tape. I then attached the fabric to the board that I had cut to width. I suggest taking a small scrap of fabric and attaching it to the ends of your boards so you won't see that board from the side. Once I had figured out my pleats, I secured everything in place with safety pins. >> To help these lay nice and straight, I took PVC pipe and inserted it into the folds. Of course, these won't function like a Roman shade, but this is an easy way to get the look of high-end custom shades on a budget. I found this for free on the side of the road and decided to rescue it. When you apply product like this thick like I did here, it has a tendency to crack. So, to fill in those cracks, I just took more of that mixture and filled it in. Once dry, I smoothed it out with a sanding sponge. I then created a mud wash. Then wiped it off. Used a small wire brush to add some texture and really just kept playing with it until I was happy with it. Then to finish this off, I topped it with a thrifted lampshade. I love how this turned out and this little lamp sits in the corner of my office. Here's another project I did with a lamp, but this time I went a different direction. Here we took a hole saw, cut a guide out of some wood, and hot glued that in place. I then added a little texture to this by using some water down joint compound mixture. I wanted some new nightstands for our bedroom. I found these on Facebook Marketplace. I started by sanding off that finish. I then used a mixture of this rugged tan paint, Revere pewter paint again, and Once dry, I topped with a dead flat top coat. By buying second hand and putting a little work in, we were able to get really nice solid wood pieces for just $50 each. And you can do this with just about any wooden piece. Another thing you can do instead of mixing your paint with water and then topping that with a top coat, you can do like I did here and mix top coat with just a bit of paint. If you find or have florals that you'd like to change the color of, you can do so pretty easily. >> When I found this, it was very sun-bleached, so I just cleaned it off and fixed that color. When I saw this arch cabinet at Crate & Barrel, I thought it would be perfect for our living room. I set out to find a more budget-friendly option, but the more affordable ones I was finding were significantly smaller. But then I found this on Facebook Marketplace and it had very similar dimensions to that Crate & Barrel one, and I was able to get this one for $100. I started by removing that door, the backing, and the glass. I then used my multi-tool cutter to start the transformation. Now, I will say this part did make me nervous because this piece really was beautiful as is. I didn't want to ruin it, but I knew that in order to get the look that I really wanted, I had to just go for it. >> I then headed down to Lowe's and picked up this utility panel and some of these to make shelves. We then cut that utility panel to fill the sides and the back. When cutting rounded shapes with a jigsaw, it's ideal to pick a thin blade. It's going to be a lot easier to curve than it would with a wider blade. There are a few things that my husband did here that we did not capture on camera. First being installing these shelves. He did that with pocket holes using a Craig jig. He also made these door fronts out of some scrap plywood we had and installed those. Here we're making handles for the door fronts. >> Before attaching those handles, I primed Anytime you're using a nailer, be sure to first check the length of your nails to make sure that they're appropriate for your project. I then caulked everything. Here I took a wet sponge and went over the wood to help raise that grain. That raw wood is prone to soaking things up. So, by doing this first and then knocking that grain down, it helps you to get a smooth finish when you apply your primer or paint. I then vacuumed everything off to remove any dust or debris. And then primed. Again, sanded and vacuumed and painted it in the color Tricorn Black. Here's a look back at our $2,000 inspiration piece and here's our $200 version. I found myself drawn to these Crate & Barrel candle holders. I found these bud vases at the thrift store for $0.99. I started by working with air-dry clay. But, as that clay dried, it shrunk down. So, this was not going to work for us. So, I cleaned those out and decided to take these candle holders and remove that base. Then, I found some washers that fit the tops and hammered those on. I then glued those in place. And once again, used a mixture of joint compound and paint. And we'll come back to this in just a moment and I'll show you how these turned out. Another thing I noticed at Crate & Barrel was this decorative bowl. I found this out thrifting. I started by spraying some of this hammered paint to give it some texture. Then, finished it with this paint, which also is labeled as hammered, but I find that it doesn't add as much texture, but I do love the color and sheen on this one. >> I found this in the Goodwill bins. This butcher block stain is great for use on things like cutting boards because it's safe for use on food prep surfaces. Once dry, I removed that tape. Then repeated going the other direction. If you've ever been interested in one of these cheese or serving boards, here's an affordable way to create one. I started with a wide board from Home Depot. Here I took a wire brush and brushed along with the grain of the wood. What this does is it wears down that softer wood and really enhances the grain. This gives it a worn aged look. Here is before the wire brush and after. I then marked and cut a handle. Then finished it with brown wax. And once fully cured, this is safe to come in contact with food. I found this chair at the Goodwill Outlet for 99 cents. I started by removing that seat cover. Then removed the back. I then once again used Citristrip. As I was applying it, I could see that it was starting to work. So here I took a wire brush and went over it to help scrub off that finish. Then wiped it off and washed it with dish soap and water. Once dry, here's where we were at. Initially, I was going to fill those holes with wood filler, but then I decided to reattach the back and cut those down to create plugs. I then gave it a light sanding. I decided not to fill all of those little nail holes. I love that it tells the history of this piece and I just feel like it adds character. Then to finish this off and protect it, I applied a top coat. This now sits beside our tub holding towels. The Goodwill Outlet is also a great place to find things like wall hooks. Once I had wiped off the majority of that product, I used a sanding sponge and some dish soap to clean the rest of it off. I then once again finished it with white wax. To make this more versatile and mix up the look, I decided to detach these. Once that paint was dry, I distressed them and topped with these smoked battery glass candles. I'd had my eye on Pottery Barn coffee table, so when I came across this for free, I decided to see if I could get a similar look on a budget. I started by sanding it down. I found these legs on Amazon and wanted to get that top to match. So, in order to lighten it, I went over it with wood bleach. Once dry, that product had definitely done its job and lightened that top. And again, that process tends to raise the grain, so I lightly sanded it to make it nice and smooth again. In order to get the same look as our inspiration piece, we needed to take these pieces that are sticking out here and recess them. So, I started by removing that top. Then took off the legs. And cut those pieces to size. I then used this pocket hole jig. Then we attached it all together. If you take on this project, keep in mind that this is one of those that's a lot easier with a second set of hands. Before attaching that top, I decided to add some wood glue to make sure it was nice and sturdy. I then applied a paint wash mixing water and this rugged tan paint. I then applied a second paint wash this time with white chalk paint. Once that was dry, I applied this top coat. Then to get a similar finish to that Pottery Barn one, I brushed on brown And then immediately after, I took some pewter gray paint, watered that down, and worked that into that wax. Here's a look back at what we started with. >> I loved that natural patina on this and wanted to embrace that look. There are chemicals for adding patina to pieces, but I didn't really want to spend the money on it. So, I decided to see if I could get that same look using paint. I then sealed it all in with a clear I found this at a thrift store for $2 and as you can see here one of the frosted glass panels inside was broken. So, I started by carefully removing all of that glass. Then sprayed it with this gold spray I came across this Restoration Hardware table and I loved it, but it definitely wasn't in the budget. So, when I found this one at the Goodwill Outlet for $9.99, I decided to see what I could do with it. I did all of this before I started YouTube, so unfortunately, I don't have footage of that process, but really I just played around with paints and stains and ended up with this. And it worked great for our family for years, but it was looking a little tired and I was very tired of cleaning food out of those grooves. So, I decided to refinish it and try to remove those grooves. Once I got through that veneer, I was working with particle board. Now, of course, particle board isn't ideal for a tabletop. I wanted to make sure that this was going to be nice and durable. So, what I decided to do is take wood glue and mix that with water. Then, I rolled several layers of that on. Between coats, I sanded to get things nice and smooth. I then painted the whole table in the color rugged tan. Before I started this next step, because I was working on such a large surface, to increase the open time or workable time of the product, I started by misting it with water. And then once again, used decorative glaze. Once I started to apply that, it was looking a little darker than I wanted. So, I decided to add a bit of this chalk paint and just a touch of country gray. >> Once that dried, I decided I wasn't loving that look. So, for the next coat, I used just the glaze. And then again, to enhance that wood grain look, I went over it with this. I did the same on the lower portion. To add a little more depth to this finish, I took just a tiny bit of this paint and dry brushed it on. Then, to finish this off, I topped with multiple layers of this polyurethane top We've been using this table for years now, and it's held up beautifully. I thought this pedestal bowl was fun and unique. >> Anytime I'm painting a light color over wood, I try to first go over it with shellac. This usually helps to keep those tannins or yellow colors from bleeding through. I saw this at Crate & Barrel and loved the texture and the sheen and the neutral colors on it and also the size. I wasn't able to find a canvas this size to recreate the piece, so I decided to build one. These here are what I chose to use for my frame and when selecting boards, I suggest you make sure that they're not warped in any way. You can do this by laying it on the ground and rolling it to see if it's bent in any way. Now, back home once I had my dimensions, I cut those boards at a 45° angle checking to make sure that the opposing boards were the exact same length. Once I had that all laid out, I marked the inner edge of what will be the front of my canvas and I beveled that. I did this so that once we have our canvas on there and we pull it tight, we won't end up with a line or an imprint on that inner edge. You could definitely do this with a sander, but to speed up the process, I ran them through our table saw with the blade at a slight angle. >> I then took a drill bit and pre-drilled my holes. This helps to prevent the wood from cracking when you're inserting the screws. I then added cross supports to help this hold its shape and I attached those toward the back of this that will be up against the wall so that when I pull that canvas tight again, it won't be touching those boards. I ordered this canvas fabric on Amazon. One thing you want to keep in mind when shopping for large pieces of canvas, make sure there are not seams in it. To attach this, I'm using my battery-operated stapler. And this tool for pulling that canvas tight. When attaching this, I went from side to side working in small sections and going back and forth to try to make sure that I kept everything nice and even. When I got to the corners, I just tucked in one section and then folded the other over and pulled it tight. >> To get that metallic-y look like I saw on the original piece, I decided to use Rub 'n Buff. Now, it did work. However, in hindsight, I think I would have been better off to have used a different product, like some type of silver leaf paint. This did do the trick. It just took eight tubes of Rub 'n Buff. So, you can go either way, but if you're looking for a more affordable option, I suggest trying silver leaf. And you may have guessed it by now, I'm once again working with joint compound and paint. I then created a thicker mixture with more joint compound and less paint, mixing up a few different colors. And use the scraper to add that texture. >> Like our inspiration piece, I wanted this to have a floating frame, so I used some wood that we had on hand, cutting it a little bit larger than my piece, nailing it at the corners. Then removing that and cutting some to attach at the back. I then reinserted the piece and attached it at the back. This gave it that floating frame look. And you may recall that light that I removed from that arched cabinet, it has been repurposed as an uplight. I'd love to hear which of these projects was your favorite. If you enjoyed this video, would you please hit that thumbs up button? And don't forget to subscribe and hit that notification bell for more budget-friendly home decor. And again, I'll have everything I can linked for you down below, including that list of Goodwill bins locations. As always, my prayer is that you come away from this feeling encouraged that you would truly can create beautiful spaces on a budget. If you liked this video, I suggest you go check out this one next. Thanks so much for joining me here. I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tiffanygemmer-DIYdesign [10 likes]: New here? Welcome! This is your shortcut to 50 budget-friendly home decor DIYs — Pottery Barn, Crate & Barrel, McGee & Co. dupes using mostly thrifted finds. Come back whenever you're needing some inspiration.👇
🛍 Shop this video & more → tiffanygemmer.com/links
📍 Goodwill Bins Locations → linktw.in/NtIGTT
🎬 More Videos → https://linktw.in/BtLzvZ
🔔 Subscribe → youtube.com/@tiffanygemmer-diydesign?sub_confirmation=1
  2. @carolynratliff1380 [1 likes]: Why do you have to repaint and change it all to white???    Color is IN baby!…..buy yourself a sewing machine…they are so cheap at goodwill
  3. @deeecanta: I can watch this all day long.  What beautiful results. I will say that when  you were dying the chairs, I was thinking "this woman is nuts" but it looked so good!  You make it seem like anyone can do that.
  4. @t.annebowden4606: Brava! Girl, you have got the patience of a SAINT. Luckily you are  also amazingly talented.
  5. @larazaldana1571: 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌😊
  6. @destyniproductions3682: I absolutely enjoyed each of your upcycles. very talented and very inspirational.
  7. @JaneSmith0709: Love your ideas but please speak up or get a better microphone! I can't hear the end of your sentences, and can barely hear the beginnings
  8. @kathyklarfeld2971: The credenza was my favorite. Loved em all though.
  9. @mcmccoy1184: I truly appreciate that you share ALL your steps — including what worked and what did not. 
Your candid approach adds value for viewers while maintaining your authenticity. Thank you!
  10. @alicesession4568: Wow the string wall art is amazing and beautifully done.
  11. @Stelliza: Es ist unglaublich was ihr alles so findet für so wenig Geld. Hier ist es unmöglich Möbel für einen solch niedrigen Preis zu kaufen. Für den Preis welchen ihr für Möbel bezahlt bekommen wir hier vielleicht einen Bilderrahmen und nur mit viel Glück 😅 Und alles gleicht sehr dem Original, ich wundere mich wie lange es wohl dauert ein exakt solches Exemplar zu finden.😊 Aber alles sehr hübsch geworden, dazu braucht es aber auch viel Erfahrung und die nötige Ausstattung an Materialien und Werkzeug bzw. Maschinen. Hat leider nicht jeder. Tolle Resultate!
  12. @PumpkinPatchVintage: The restoration of the leather Pottery Barn bench is 🤯👏🤎.
  13. @HeidiM1012: Amazing! Your home is beautiful 🙏🏻
  14. @JuelTurner: OMGoodness! I have the same dining room table which I wanted to refinish or paint. Did you just sand the veneer top? If so what grit? I really love your work!!!
  15. @carolynratliff1380: The next time you paint a painting…add your kids handprints with acrylic paint…just paint a big old circle..paint leaves on it then add your kids handprints to it…the whole family will LOVE it.  Thankyou
  16. @gladisxavier8988: ❤❤
  17. @magdakastaragaki3487: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  18. @astriddsarangomuneton827: Beautiful! 😍
  19. @jenniestacy1466: Wondering if the homemade tree costs more than one already made.
  20. @trishfitzpatrick2066: You have good taste and your projects have timeless appeal. Plus, I've learned a great deal just studying your techniques. Thanks for all your hard work.

- 🏠 AFFORDABLE HOME DECOR • WALL ART DUPES: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back if we haven't met yet my name is Tiffany if you love high-end wall art but you don't love those high-end prices today I'm sharing 10 budget friendly wall art DIYs with these projects I challenged myself to spend as little as possible working with what I already have on hand repurposing thrifted items and sourcing affordable materials I had so much fun doing these projects I hope you guys enjoy and Come Away with some inspiration this first piece was inspired by this Craton Barrel wall art I love the texture on this but I don't love that $300 price tag I found this canvas that's the exact same size as the kraton barrel one at a thrip store for $10 I first sealed it with shellac to help keep any color or pigment from bleeding through [Music] here I'm using some Mac cord that I got on Amazon once I had figured out what length would be best I went out in the garage and found a board that was the right length and we use that as a template to help us quickly get the string cut to the right length having a second set of hand here makes this job go a lot faster so thank you to our oldest daughter for her help with this project once we had bundles of 10 I taped the ends on one side I then attached the taped end with my electric stapler [Laughter] and then repeated that process going the other direction with this project I wanted to add some visual interest by having some imperfections in the weave so I just randomly picked up sections and started weaving through once each section was through I would tape the end pull it tight and then attach it but I could quickly see that this method wasn't the best that cord was starting to get really messy and Tangled so I decided to straighten everything out and attach the crosssections on both ends this made it a lot easier to weave it through without making a big Tangled mess I also found it helpful to tape the end of each section and cut the excess string off before weaving it through and as I was pulling those through I was trying to make sure that they weren't getting too twisted and again I don't want this piece to look perfect so I'm purposely missing some sections as I weave measured on both sides before attaching to make sure that it was staying straight this was a really simple project but I will say it was pretty timec consuming so I ended up doing this over a few days and I would just do a little bit each day in the end this project ended up costing me $55 which is not a huge savings from the original piece but realistically I'm not going to spend $300 on something but I will spend $55 my gather sign I've loved having this sign in our dining room but we've had it in there for 9 years and it's just time to mix it up and do something different one great way to save on artwork is to purchase digital files on Etsy these are super affordable you can download those and have them printed yourself so that's what I did with this here but when I went to go look at getting it printed for a large scale print it was looking like it was going to end up costing me around $100 I figured there had to be a better option so I decided to try ordering a photo Banner from Walmart I believe these are traditionally used for graduation parties or birthday parties so I wasn't sure how the quality would be but I decided to go ahead and give it a try because it was a lot cheaper than the other options I was seeing I then went out in the garage and found some leftover wood from our slat wall in our bedroom once cut to length I took these out and spray painted them here I'm checking to make sure that I have the right nail length and if you've been around here for a while you may remember that I made this sign reversible in the end I'm really happy with this this is a great affordable way to get a large art piece and because I was able to work with that gather sign and use some leftover wood from the garage this piece ended up costing me just under $30 this bed sheet here was from our son's old bed and it was about to get donated but then I had a different idea for it I found this canvas for free on offer up and when we got it home I looked at the back and saw the price tag of $399 n as I was working on this I would spray it down every once in a while with some water to help keep it from drying once it had started to stiffen up and set up a little bit I ended up going over it again with more wood glue to help make sure that it would be nice and sturdy this time I used more glue and less water after letting it dry overnight here's where we were at and honestly I wasn't loving it I felt like that contrast was too Stark the Ombre effect didn't turn out great and because I applied the paint too thick it was cracking but I wasn't about to give up on this to fill those cracks I decided to mix some joint compound with my paint and here I'm just using some exterior white paint that we had on hand [Applause] and in a separate container I mixed some joint compound with our wall color which is R peor when working with joint compound you want to apply it in thin layers so ultimately I ended up applying three thin coats oh I love the movement and texture on this piece and picking up that canvas for free and working with what we had on hand I was able to create this one for free and once again working with what I have on hand this piece here was actually from my very first video here on this channel it was my first attempt at DIY wall art we're just going to use it again and mix it up I'm seeing a ton of lime wash walls in design right now but I personally am not quite ready to commit to painting a full wall or a room so I decided to create an art piece that would bring some of that into a room this mcke and Co art piece was my inspiration and I'm certain we can create something similar for a lot less than $1,889 I'm using some of the leftover joint compound and paint mixtures and since I didn't have anything to put my paint on I just added some press and seal to a plate this Pottery Barn wall art is priced at $699 I picked this up on pink sale tag day so this one cost me $1.99 that mat was really well attached on there and I didn't want to rip or damage anything so I decided to just leave it when I was spray painting this it was below freezing outside and apparently it was too cold in our garage to be painting So my paint ended up crinkling although I couldn't totally fix this one thing that I found can help is once the paint is fairly dry but still a little bit tacky I'll just go over it with my finger and gently tap and this typ ially helps it to kind of reattach to the piece it's certainly not perfect but it was good enough for me I found this here on Amazon and here I'm giving this Frame a wood look I ended up purchasing that paper in a two pack that had two different colors by wetting that paper it became malleable I could then easily put them in these embroidery hoops and here I'm just using some Mis tin paints that we had on hand o once those had dried I wasn't loving this color I added some gesso to seal it after letting it dry I could still see those stripes coming through so I decided to seal it with shellac I then topped it with white primer and even after that I could still see those stripes so instead of doing the light piece that I had originally had in mind I decided to switch it up and go for something dark p oh in general I tend to be drawn to fairly neutral colors but keep in mind that with any of these projects if you wanted to recreate them you could pick any colors that you wanted I really don't know what I'm doing here I'm just playing and trying some different things and seeing what I end up with when it comes to abstract pieces I don't think there's really a right and wrong I say just keep going until you're happy with it and in the end if you're not you can always just paint over it while that paint was still damp I lightly dusted on some flower whenever I'm marking something to make a cut I put an x on the side that I'll be removing and that helps me to make more accurate cuts and remember which side of that line I'm cutting on once that stain had dried I went over it with a paint wash this basket is something I found in the Goodwill bins I had hoped that I might be able to remove that design by soaking it in some bleach but that didn't work so on to plan B I found these canvases in the Goodwill bins here I'm just brushing on some of that leftover mixture to help fill those cracks this day green tags were $1.99 oh oh another design Trend that we're seeing right now is called color drenching and that's where you paint your trim and your moldings the same color as your walls I personally am not quite ready to commit to that but I am willing to do it on an art piece this is an easy way to add a little something extra to your frames and make them look more substantial to make this more versatile I ended up flipping it over and doing something with the backside as well I ordered these on Amazon o I then grabbed some half rounds that I had left over from a different project I'd love to hear which of these was your favorite I'll have links to the products used down in that description box and for more budget friendly home decor don't forget to subscribe if you enjoyed this video I think you'll like this one as well as always my prayer is that you will come away feeling encouraged that you truly can create beautiful spaces on a budget thank you so much for joining me here I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @tiffanygemmer-DIYdesign [8 likes]: Products/items in this video (in order shown)⬇️:

Shellac: https://linktw.in/TFzQsy
Spray paint handle attachment: https://linktw.in/xzFpoR
Macrame Cord: https://linktw.in/pcyCEb (I used just over 2 rolls for this 3' x 4' canvas)
Tape for ends: https://linktw.in/UoXdOK
Power Stapler: https://go.magik.ly/ml/2acl7/
Spray Adhesive: https://linktw.in/KkTxJD
Etsy Design: https://linktw.in/mbtoZp
     *Printed as a photo banner from Walmart: https://linktw.in/fQCjzQ
Cordless pin nailer: https://go.magik.ly/ml/288y1/
Wood Glue: https://linktw.in/CWYiLm
Chip Brushes (in bulk): https://linktw.in/PyOIgU
Joint Compound: https://go.magik.ly/ml/2acl5/
Deck staining brush (similar): https://linktw.in/CHhJXD
Woven Paper: https://linktw.in/KNINco (they have several beautiful options available)
Decorative glaze: https://go.magik.ly/ml/285gf/
Deck staining brush (similar): https://linktw.in/CHhJXD
Embroidery Hoops: https://linktw.in/QFgoJh
Gesso: https://linktw.in/heeNVN
Wood Glue: https://linktw.in/CWYiLm
Stain: https://linktw.in/IdqEnC
Gesso: https://linktw.in/heeNVN
Art Spatula Set: https://linktw.in/GGHezb
Deck staining brush (similar): https://linktw.in/CHhJXD
Capiz Shell Rounds: https://linktw.in/XURDVN
Cordless hot glue gun: 
    Milwaukee- https://linktw.in/JfhZKX
    Makita- https://linktw.in/IlyKqh
    DeWalt (similar)- https://linktw.in/iOWODa

*Some links included in this description may be affiliated links. If you purchase a product or service with the links provided I may receIve a small commission. There is no additional charge to you. Thank you for supporting my DIY Design YouTube Channel.
  2. @minabelfkir3754: ❤❤❤
  3. @husteadshomeschoolglimpses7595: Thank you!
  4. @Marnie-g2t: Think my Fav was how the sheet one turned out   ❤
  5. @judypopielarz3153: Tiffany is a genius with this stuff! I'm inspired because it doesn't look impossible. There are a lot of people trying to do this but their stuff looks cheap and junky. 
Make more videos we need more ideas !  With new types of accessories for storage too
  6. @AnonymousAngel-oi3ey: The bedsheets one is my favorite ❤
  7. @Dri_TX: How did you make the lines on the abstract art that it was a zebra ? (29:35 min)
  8. @smilejesuslovesyou8108: Omg doing the woven piece now!!! So frustrating! I have watched several times trying to figure it out lol I weaving and taping everything like you said now it’s a hot tangled mess lol 😅
  9. @kathycabalka4824: I just found this channel! You are so talented, thanks for all your ideas!!!!!
  10. @lindaakin9397: Beautiful woven artwork!
  11. @Rene-u7x: FYI if you’re afraid of a color bleeding through on your canvas or even a wall paint it black, then shellac. You can then paint your light colors
  12. @Rene-u7x: Tiffany, seeing your woven art work in the past, I thought you had just used cavas webbing like cheap belts are made of. I see now 2-D didn’t do it justice
  13. @NuriaBenaventeBarbeito: Cómo se llama la pieza q compraste en Amazon?
  14. @lisasaxon7828: With the woven look one…you said you found “this here” … on Amazon. What exactly is that described as on Amazon? I’m looking at doing different textured art work and want to incorporate sheets or rolls of materials just like that. 
Cheers
  15. @lisasaxon7828: It ends up being a lot of money spent for some of these creations. Yes I know it’s one of a kind and it’s special coz we would have created it ourselves. But the one using old bed sheet etc etc was great but very pricey to actually do. 
Maybe doing something in a smaller scale and using paints left over in the store room might cut the cost down. 
Special blues, specific primers and then more is gonna add up from Bunnings… love the final outcome tho. 
Why did u say you created it for free? Did you have alllll those more specific products simply in the shed?
  16. @Mozartandme: The first one with the string was interesting. The rest is just junk.
  17. @JenniferSabourin-q6v: Thanks!
  18. @ZolBotero: Me parece demasiado exagerada aplicando las pinturas,
Para luego,tener q colocar otras pinturas encima,para arreglarla.
No hay necesidad d tanto despilfarro.
  19. @vickierotell4995: Just found your channel. Love all the repurposing. You have great ideas. I liked the woven best, but so many turned out beautifully. What the stores change for the modern art is criminal.
  20. @rosielopez7314: Why do you use wood glue?

- Cheap 5K vs Apple Studio Display in 2025! Best display for your Mac?: Kind: captions Language: en-US If you're a Mac user who cares about visuals, you've probably coveted the Apple Studio Display. But in 2025, you finally have real alternatives. Samsung, Asus, BenQ, or even the unknown Kuycon have stepped up with their own 5K displays that challenge Apple's premium monitor in design, performance, and price. So let's dive right into how these displays compare, starting with how they look and feel on your desk. When it comes to physical design, the Studio Display is still the gold standard. The unibody aluminum construction is unmatched. It feels like something out of a spaceship and the hinge on the height adjustable stand is so smooth you can literally move it with your pinky. It's the kind of design that just makes you feel good just by looking at it on your desk. Samsung tries to match the aesthetic with the Viewfinity S9. From a distance it looks nice but up close it's mostly plastic and when you start adjusting the stand it creaks like an old pirate ship. Plus it ships with a massive power brick and a cord that's too short and it's difficult to place. Asus and BenQ land somewhere in the middle. They look clean, functional, and professional. Nothing flashy, but they're not winning any design awards either. They both have a bit of a chin and BenQ's frame leaves an annoying gap around the bezels that is a good place for dust to retire. The dark horse here is the Kuycon. Yes, the name sounds like a knockoff transformer character, but the G27P display is actually impressive. It mimics the studio display's design surprisingly well. Full aluminum frame, uniform bezels, and chamfered edges around the cable management hole. It doesn't have Apple's seamless unibody design, but it's a big step up from the plastic parade and the rest of the lineup. As far as the stands themselves are concerned, Apple gives you three options: Tilt, Height and Tilt, or a VESA mount. I already mentioned that the height adjustable stand is absurdly smooth and makes micro adjustments effortless. But if you want a VESA mount on the studio display, you actually need to order it that way and without a stand. Samsung's stand offers full rotation and height adjustment, but the motion is stiff and uneven and the power cord can easily get caught and pulled out during an adjustment. Asus and BenQ offers stands that get the job done. They tilt, swivel, rotate, and lift up and down. BenQ's stand though is very sturdy. Kuycon's stand is one of the best in the group. It adjusts height, tilt, and rotates 90 degrees. It's solid, doesn't wobble, and stays where you put it. If you prefer to use a VESA stand or ARM, all of the non-Apple displays can be used out of the box with a VESA mount or stand. Now, I want to get to the ports and the display itself, but first, this is the Ugreen Nexode 500W desktop charger. It has 5 USB-C ports and 1 USB-A port that can power all of your devices at up to 240W with power delivery 3.1. That's fast enough to charge a 16" MacBook Pro all the way up to 60% in just 30 minutes. This 500W desktop charger can power 6 devices at once using all of the ports, but it can fast charge 5 laptops at the same time. You can do away with the ugly power strips and multiple charging adapters and cables and replace them with the single powerful Nexode 500W charger for a cleaner, less cluttered workspace. This is the world's first 500W GAN desktop charger and it's packed with six upgraded GAN Infinity chips inside that offer up to 95% efficiency, making this charger extremely efficient but also safe. There are 11 levels of safety protection built in for you and your devices, including over current, over voltage, short circuit, over temperature protection and more. So you can be sure that your devices will charge safely and efficiently. So if you want to check out the Ugreen Nexode 500W desktop charger you can save by using the links and codes in the description below. My thanks to Ugreen for sponsoring this video. Now let's see how these 5K displays compare with ports and connectivity. Here's where this studio display lags a bit. Apple gives you a single Thunderbolt 3 input port which provides 96W of power to your MacBook and three downstream USB-C ports that support up to 10Gb for accessories. That's it. There's no HDMI, no DisplayPort, and no other way to use it with anything other than USB-C or Thunderbolt without an adapter. This setup is sleek but restrictive. The BenQ PD2730S goes all in on connectivity. You get two Thunderbolt 4 ports, one for connecting your computer, one for daisy chaining another display or a Thunderbolt device, along with HDMI, DisplayPort, USB-C, and multiple USB-A ports. It also includes a headphone jack and it provides up to 90 watts of power through the Thunderbolt port. PA27JC-V offers USB-C with 96W of charging power along with HDMI and DisplayPort. It also includes an additional USB-C port for data and a few other USB-A ports, though they're limited to just 5 gigabits per second. Like the BenQ, the ASUS supports KVM switching between two devices, and it has a headphone jack as well. The ASUS lacks Thunderbolt, but it does cover the basics well. The Samsung Viewfinity S9 is a bit of an oddball. It includes Thunderbolt 4 with 90W of charging, There's three USB-C ports and a mini DisplayPort, but it lacks HDMI and full-size DisplayPort, which might limit flexibility depending on your setup. The Kuycon G27P is surprisingly versatile. It has a USB-C port for display input, HDMI, and DisplayPort. It also includes two USB-A ports and a headphone jack on the side. However, the USB-A ports are limited to just USB 2.0 speeds, so again, basically just for mice or keyboard dongles. Now, let's talk about the display panels themselves. I'm going to look at five areas: glossy vs matte, brightness, color accuracy, backlight consistency, and refresh rate. The studio display and the Kuycon G27P both use glossy panels. These deliver rich contrast, vibrant colors, and a sense of depth that matte panels just sometimes dull out. But they also reflect more light which could be a problem depending on your lighting setup and the Kuycon is noticeably more reflective than the studio display. Samsung, Asus, and BenQ all use matte finishes. Samsung's is a nano-texture style matte that resists reflections pretty well. BenQ's matte coating is excellent, minimizing glare without making the screen look too grainy. ASUS's anti-glare is decent but shows slight rainbow artifacts in lighter backgrounds. When it comes to display brightness, my studio display measured 570 nits of brightness, which is more than enough for any normal use. The Kuycon actually beat everyone with a measured peak of 704 nits. Samsung also reached nearly 600 nits while Asus and BenQ generally hovered around 400-500 nits depending on user settings. The Asus display dims quite a bit as you move towards the edges as part of the matte coating and BenQ's higher brightness is only unlocked when you disable uniformity mode. As far as color accuracy, I've spent a lot of time calibrating and testing each of these displays and instead of going into all of that here which I've done in previous videos, I'm just going to to say that they're all really good with very high P3 colors and very good overall Adobe RGB. When you start trying to nitpick the actual differences in the color accuracy between these displays, you're just wasting time. Whether you're a consumer, a prosumer, or a creator, you're going to be happy with the color on every one of these 5K displays. When it comes to backlight consistency, the studio display wins. Its panel has excellent uniformity with minimal light bleep, and the BenQ is pretty solid too. The Kuycon looks good to the eye, but under testing shows a 29% variation in brightness from corner to corner, which is a big shift. Both Asus and Samsung suffered from backlight bleed that was in areas that was really distracting when trying to watch letterboxed videos. And no backlit LCD panel is going to be perfect. It's just kind of luck of the draw. It's going to be different between different brands and different models. But if backlight bleed is something that can really annoy you, then I would probably stick to Apple or BenQ because they seem to have better consistency. And now the refresh rate. This one's easy. Basically all these displays are 60Hz displays, which is standard for content creation and office work. But the Kuycon actually pulls ahead slightly with the 75Hz panel. It's not a gaming display, but animations and scrolling are ever so slightly smoother than 60Hz. If you've been spoiled by ProMotion, this won't blow your mind, but it's a nice little addition for the Kuycon. Okay, outside of display performance, how do these displays integrate with macOS? And this is where the studio display leaves everyone kind of in the dust. You get true tone, automatic brightness, and system-level volume and brightness control with the keyboard. It's seamless. BenQ tries to replicate this with the DisplayPilot software and with the right setup you can control brightness and volume with the keyboard. The others make you fiddle around with buttons or a remote, but you can actually install a free utility called Monitor Control that you can use to adjust the brightness of any of these displays from the Mac keyboard. As far as multimedia features, Apple Studio Display includes a six-speaker system with with force canceling woofers, spatial audio, and a surprisingly rich sound. Honestly, the speakers in the studio display are better than they should be and most users probably won't need external speakers. Everyone else, well, they're gonna want something. Samsung speakers are rear firing and thin. Asus and BenQ sound like they're coming from inside of a cereal box. And the Kuycon doesn't even try, there's no speakers at all. Webcams? Well, the studio displays 1080p camera and microphones are mediocre, but usable. Samsung has a detachable 4K webcam that underwhelms and BenQ and Asus and Kuycon don't include one at all. And what else is there? Samsung tries to be a smart display with apps and airplay and a gaming hub. It's a cool party trick, but honestly, it's just better and easier to use your Mac. BenQ focuses on pro features like color calibration tools and presets and dual device support with a KVM switch. Asus has a similar KVM functionality and Kuycon throws in the remote and 75 Hertz refresh rate. Okay, so bells and whistles and features and design aside, let's get into what really matters for most people, which is how much you're actually going to pay for these things. Here's the breakdown. The studio display MSRP is $1,599. However, it is very frequently on sale at places like Amazon, B&H, or Best Buy for around $1,299, which is a good $300 discount. Of course, that is the tilt version only, not the height and tilt version, which is an extra $400 and that one's harder to find on sale. The BenQ PD2730S had a launch price of $1,199 which was approaching studio display pricing but now because of tariffs in this world, the price is about $1,499 making it really hard to justify. The ASUS PA27JCV had a launch price of $799 making it the cheapest of the bunch. However, tariff pricing has drove that up to about $849. The Samsung S9 started at studio display pricing at $1,599 and you can get it right now for around $999 before the tariffs and on sales you could even get it as low as $699 but I'm sure it'll be hard to find at that price now. And finally, the Kuycon G27P is priced at $799 for the flat back panel and $189 for the stand. However, if you bundle them together, the cost comes in just under $900. The studio display is still premium priced, but you're paying for build quality, reliability, speakers, camera, seamless integration with macOS, and support. BenQ is feature rich, but suffers from pricing due to tariffs. Asus is the most budget friendly, but makes some pretty big compromises in the panel itself. Samsung offers big discounts, but the experience is mixed. The Kuycon is priced similar to the Asus, but you can get a great panel, aluminum build, and an impressive performance for under $900. The gamble with Kuycon is long-term support and warranty service which are unclear at best. Speaking of support, Apple support is best in class. There are Apple stores everywhere. You can go take your display in and get the help you need. BenQ, Asus, and Samsung have established processes, but maybe not as easy as Apple. So if you want the best display experience for your Mac and don't want to think about anything, the studio display is still king. It just works, it looks amazing, it sounds amazing and it integrates seamlessly with macOS. Also, the stupid tariff pricing on the others just makes the studio display look a lot more compelling. But if you are on a budget or looking for the best value, the Kuycon G27P shocked me. It's bright, color accurate, well built and it's under $1,000. The support story is unclear but the hardware punch is way above its weight. BenQ is great for people who need color calibration tools and daisy chaining. Asus is okay for a budget option if you just need a basic 5k panel. Samsung tries to be the jack of all trades and masters none of them. But those are the five real options for 5k displays in 2025. What do you guys care most about? Is it macOS integration, design, brightness, color, cost? Let me know in the comments down below. And I bet that most of you have not seen this Kuycon display before so if you want to see more about it, check out this video right over here. Hit the thumbs up button if you liked it, hit subscribe if you want and I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cecilia-w2k [5 likes]: Apple Studio is too expensive. No way
  2. @GGT199 [4 likes]: Never buy Viewfinity S9 I just return mine today , after 10 days!
  3. @rylanthreinen [2 likes]: Banger review. Apple all the way. Just order the new studio XDR
  4. @LaveaFirmis [2 likes]: I have the BENQ PD2730S and theres 3 things I really dislike about it. The biggest one is as black get close to fully black they kind of look like they go inverted for a second, it looks awful when a video fades to black or youre watching a dark movie for example. 
Even with uniformity off it just doesn't go bright enough, its not even as good as my 2012 iMac screen and by turning uniformity on the screen is horrendously dim, with it off as mentioned the edges are poor. 
Finally mbook modes colours are no where near a real macbooks screen, P3 is closer. It took a lot of setting up I found to get it anywhere near close to usable, to me at least it certainly wasnt out of the box. I had my iMac I was replacing sat next to it so I could AB and get it 'right'.
I wish I had returned it.

You're dead right with the speakers, they are so poor they werent worth putting them in at all. Total waste of time and money, I guess it was to tick a box on a spec sheet.
  5. @AG-dj8ps [1 likes]: Than you for a no fluff informative review
  6. @hastingb [1 likes]: I was pretty much convinced that my ProArt display was the smart choice until after 7 months the screen just flipped out. Yeah it's still under warranty but my confidence in ASUS quality rapidly diminished. I shipped it back to the factory for repair/replacement but dealing the downtime wasn't something I was planning on. Lesson learned, it's not just the end product, customer support needs to be 20 to 30 percent points in making as buying decision.
  7. @My_Kraft_Room [1 likes]: Have you compared LG monitors to Apple? Rumoured LG makes Apple monitors, the LG 32" 6K 60Hz 5ms GTG IPS LED
Monitor (32U990A-S) has very similar specs to the Pro Display XDR.
  8. @fructovski [1 likes]: Bought the Asus PA27JCV and the grainy matte coating is killing me. Do the BenQ and Samsung have less grainy finishes?
  9. @cartermac64 [1 likes]: Bought the Asus 5k 27 inch and arrived 2 days ago. Fantastic! Certainly an upgrade to my LG 27inch 4k monitor. I do a lot of image editing-lightroom etc and already can see the difference in image elements and if they are truely in focus or not. I dont know why people are so critical of the screen coating-its great. But I am an amature photographer-not a professional.
  10. @sailorcto: Kuycon G27P is now over $1300!
  11. @AA-dq5uo: Can You do the same reflectivity Apple Studio Display vs BenQ MA270S and the Philips 5k glossy display?
  12. @elavasanth: Hi, I can buy a new 27" ViewFinity S9 5K for $600. At this price point, would you recommend it? I'm curious about your recommendation between the Samsung and the Apple Studio Display. My primary reason for opting for a 5K display is text clarity, but I've heard that text quality on a matte display is blurrier compared to the glossy Studio Display.
  13. @somedaywillbe313: Apple making glossy displays … are what?) stupid?)
Like wtf, why are people even obsessed with matte finish? Phones are 90 percents glossy and people look at them all the day 
With the brightness and extremely colourful designs these days - you won’t even see what you’re so afraid to see there, in the “mirror”
  14. @marksapollo: Studio Display looks a lot better than the Kuycon picture quality wise.
  15. @robmlisanti: BTW Cheap is not a good word Inexpensive is better :)
  16. @raulacosta6020: I have a mac mini m4 
That does thunderbolt 5 ! 
Would getting the dispaly apple be  bad if it only support thunderbolt 3
  17. @Scotty-Reed: so still nothing close to the studio display. got it
  18. @hruntingson: How do these compare to imac 2017 and above? (If you are handy and more cash strapped. )
  19. @robesveldt: And the most important thing is not discussed, namely text clarity
  20. @mushrifahmed8107: Thanks for such a great video. Can you please tell me which of these monitors match the macbook colours the best (apart from the Studio Display).

- $33.60 Heated Blanket: 25,000+ Reviews REVEALED: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone welcome back to my review Channel today's we're giving you an honest review of the Sunbeam Royal Ultra heated throw blanket a popular choice for staying warm and cozy in the colder months is it worth the hype let's find out about price and rating currently the Sunbeam heated throw was priced at $33.60 with a limited time deal it has a solid rating of 4.2 out of five stars from over over 25,000 reviews and it's one of the bestselling electric throws on the market so it's definitely popular and affordable why people love this blanket in winter season first things first this electric blanket is a go-to for many people during the chilly winter season with its adjustable heat settings comfy Royal Ultra fleece material and auto shut off feature it's designed to keep you warm it's the perfect size to snuggle on the couch in bed or your favorite chair and the Cozy Cabernet color adds a nice stylish touch now I am describing this Blanket's helpful reviews customers appreciate the Blanket's quality and color however opinions differ on warmth functionality softness value for money durability and size now get statistical review data for Quality issue there are 603 customer reviews here 565 positive and 38 negative reviews for color issue there are 447 customers reviews here 412 positive and 35 negative reviews for warmth issue there are 3,466 customers reviews here 2,118 positive and 1,348 negative reviews for functionality issue there are 1,634 customers reviews here 9910 positive and 724 negative reviews for softness issue there are 1,374 customers reviews here 9916 positive and 458 negative reviews value for money option there are 946 customers reviews here 489 positive and 457 negative reviews for durability issue there are 67 78 customers reviews here 299 positive and 379 negative reviews for size issue there are 483 customers reviews here 317 positive 166 negative reviews few Real reviews J Miller time said she loves it Emily was disappointed saying it doesn't get warm enough M found it a bit small but otherwise is perfect clearly experiences vary so buy or not this up to you so is the Sunbeam Royal Ultra heated throw worth it if you're looking for an affordable cozy blanket with adjustable heat settings for moderate use it could be a great buy but if you need consistent high heat or a larger size you might want to explore other options make sure to read reviews carefully and consider your needs before purchasing don't don't forget to like comment and subscribe if you found this review helpful

- Latepis Faux Fur Throw Blanket Review Is This Viral Bubble Blanket Worth It: Kind: captions Language: en If your goal is to make your space feel instantly cozier, this blanket is dangerously soft. Like cancel your plans and stay on the couch soft. This was just sent to me and this is a fox fur throw blanket. The bubble texture gives it such a cute luxury look without feeling heavy or stiff. The second I opened it, I could already tell it was one of those blankets you had to use every single day. It's super plush, fluffy, and honestly feels amazing against your skin. I also am obsessed with the soft pink color because it makes any couch, bed, or reading corner look extra cozy and feminine. It's oversized enough to really wrap yourself up in and it works great for movie nights, relaxing, reading, even just adding a cute touch to your room decor. The fox fur texture feels super high-end, but it's also lightweight enough to use year-round. And even after fluffing it out, it still keeps that thick cozy feel, which I love. If you love cozy home finds or you're someone who's always cold like me, this blanket is honestly such a good find. It's cute, insanely soft, and makes your whole space feel more cozy instantly. I definitely recommend checking this out, reading the reviews, but this is definitely on the top of my list and I'm absolutely obsessed.

- Hand painted Throw Pillow Cover & Yarn Wall Art ✨: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] hey guys welcome back to the channel if you're new here I'm Rooney and I share DIY home decor videos today I'm sharing two aesthetic DIY projects which I think you're going to like one of them is a wall art and the other one is a DIY cushion cover so before we get started I'd love for you to subscribe if you haven't already and click the Bell icon to get notified every single time I post a new video on my channel so let's get started for the first project we're going to need an embroidery hoop the one I'm using has a diameter of 8 inches we are also going to need a piece of burlap fabric we're going to lay it down and place the inner hoop underneath the fabric I'm placing the outer hoop on the top and popping it on I'm tightening the screw to hold everything in place then I'm cutting out the extra fabric I'm turning it over and pulling the fabric around the edges to further stretch it out now we're going to cut all the way around the edges of the hoop leaving about half inch of space so we can wrap the hook with the fabric we are doing this to secure the fabric in place I'm applying hot glue to the hoop and wrapping the fabric I'm going to keep on doing this in small sections and pressing down the fabric until the glue cools down next I'm taking a piece of cardstock and sketching some random shapes to make an abstract art we also want to make sure the artwork we make fits within the embroidery hoop then we're going to cut out the shapes I'm placing the pieces on the fabric and arranging them like the way I drew before once that is done I'm going ahead and tracing the shapes on the burlap now we're going to start with this section and for that I'm taking some mouth colored yarn and a large yarn needle I'm threading the needle and after making a rough estimate of how much yarn I'm going to need I am snipping it off and tying a double knot at its end then I'm taking the needle underneath the board lamp and poking it through top right corner of the shape which is going to be the starting point then I'm going to poke the needle into the opposite corner of the shape straight across from where I brought the needle up I'm taking the needle down and pulling the yarn again I'm bringing the needle up through the point right below our starting point I'm taking the needle down straight across from where I brought it up right under where the needle went down for the previous Stitch I'm going to continue stitching in the same way doing adjacent horizontal stitches and filling in the shape so basically I'm just looping the yarn following the outline of the shape I'm also adjusting the length of the stitches based on the shape the first section is done and now I'm flipping it over and tying a few knots to secure everything in place now we're going to move on to the top square section and for that I'm using white yarn this time we're going to do vertical stitches first I'm bringing the needle from back to front through the bottom left corner of the square then I'm poking the needle into the top left corner of the shape and pulling it down since burlap is a Loosely woven fabric we can easily see all the tiny grids so I'm going to leave one square beside the starting point and bring the needle up to the next Square foreign column and poke the needle leaving one square from the adjacent Stitch this is going to create an uniform gap between the stitches in the same way I continued doing the stitches and filling in the shape now it could be a little tricky to work on the areas where the two shapes overlap so to make it easier we can pull the yarn from the previous section to see where the grids are for this section right here we're going to use mustard colored yarn this time I'm going for horizontal stitches same as the section right above it also we want to make sure the stitches are as close to each other as possible to prevent any gaps moving on to the rectangular section we are going to use this chocolate brown yarn I'm going to bring the needle up through the bottom right corner of the rectangle now for this section we're doing vertical stitches so I'm poking the needle into top right corner of the rectangle straight across the point from where I brought the needle up again I'm bringing the needle up from back through the point right beside the starting point and then I'm poking the needle into the opposite side and pulling the yarn we're going to repeat this over and over again till the shape is filled in for the last circular section I'm going to use black yarn here I'm doing horizontal stitches next to each other and as I'm advancing towards the middle of the circle I'm continuing to increase the length of the stitches to fill in the bottom half of the circular shape I am gradually decreasing the length of the stitches to finish it off I'm tying a knot at the back and snipping off the extra yarn I'm applying tiny dots of hot glue on all the knots to secure them more this is just an extra step to make sure everything stays in place and our DIY embroidery hoop wall art is ready I totally love the modern look of it and you can experiment with multiple shapes and colors according to your liking 16 by 16 inches cushion cover this one is hundred percent cotton which is good for painting then I'm taking a piece of cardboard and putting it into the cover I'm going to use an 8 by 10 inches rectangular piece of cardstock and sketch three flower pots then I'm drawing three different types of cactus on the flower pots we are going to place the paper at the center of the cushion cover and after making sure it's aligned properly we're going to trace the rectangle on the cover painters tape to tape along all the four sides of the outline I'm pressing down the tape pieces firmly to prevent paint from bleeding underneath the tape now we're going to cut out all the three shapes we drew we have the cutouts ready I'm using a ruler as a guide to properly arrange the pieces once that is done I'm going to tape down the pieces to the cushion cover I'm putting a little piece of tape on bottom of the pot to hold it in place then we're going to go ahead and Trace all the three pieces on the fabric I'm removing the tape pieces and connecting all the lines as per the drawings for painting the background I'm using a light gray acrylic paint however I recommend using fabric paint or mixing some fabric medium with acrylic paint for this DIY this will make the paint last longer using a detailing brush I'm painting along the outline of the shapes then I'm going to paint along all the four sides of the rectangle taking a flat brush I'm filling in the remaining part of the background with the same gray paint I'm thinking to go for two coats of paint for a better finish Cactus on the left I'm mixing up some dark green gray and navy blue paint I'm painting the sections with this dark green where I think the Shadows would fall then I'm taking sage green paint and filling in the rest of the areas for painting the flower I'm mixing up light pink red and some yellow now for painting The Tall cactus in the center I'm mixing up some teal with these two shades of green I want to go for a bluish green color so I'm adding a little bit of navy blue to it we are going to start outlining the border with a small brush and then fill in the rest of it I'm taking a generous amount of paint on the brush and for coloring all the cactuses I'm going for a single coat of paint I'm adding a small amount of navy blue to the paint and dry brushing on some of the areas to add more Dimension then I'm adding more black and painting some vertical dotted lines on it this is going to make them look like cactus thorns we want the lines to be equally spaced out I'm repeating the same thing for the other two arms of it now it's time to paint the flowers first I mixed up some red and yellow paint but it was not the color I wanted to go for so I added some light pink on top to tone it down to add more detailing we're going to paint some dots on the stubby Cactus with white acrylic paint then I'm going to draw a few more tiny dots on the center of the flower for painting the last Cactus I'm using sage green color or adding shadows I'm mixing some dark green blue and black with the sage green I'm then shading the areas where I think the Shadows would be using black paint and drawing little V's on it to make them look like thorns for the top section of the flower pots I'm using an off-white acrylic paint I'm going to mix terracotta and beige acrylic paint for painting the pot in the center for the other two pots I'm adding some light gray to the previously mixed paint I'm filling in the shapes with a large brush and for the edges I'm using a small detailing brush then using off-white paint I am drawing double lines on this flower pot I'm again drawing two more pair of lines while equally spacing out each pair on the first section I'm drawing some upward arrows for the section next to it I am drawing downward arrows and we're going to repeat the same pattern once again after the paint is dry you are going to peel the tape pieces and reveal the crisp edges now we're going to take some black embroidery floss and after tying double knots at its end we are going to backstitch along the sides of the rectangle I'm beginning the stitch by poking the needle up through the fabric and pulling the thread again I'm going to poke the needle down through the fabric leaving a little bit of space from the point where I just brought the needle up now leaving the same amount of space I am bringing the needle up through the fabric and again I'm poking the needle down to the point where the first Stitch ended again I'm leaving some Gap and bring the needle up and again poking it down to the point where the previous Stitch ends I'm going to repeat the same thing over and over again until all the edges of the rectangle are outlined with stitches once that is done I'm flipping it inside out and tying double knots to secure the to make the shape stand out even more I am starting to backstitch the edges of the cactus and their pots this is making our cushion cover look so much more finished and cohesive after the stitches are done we're going to add tassel To Each corner of the cushion cover and for making the tassels we're going to use green yarn I also cut out a four inches long rectangular piece of cardboard as a template for the tassels I'm starting to wrap the yarn around the template and I'm going to wrap it about 50 times to make it fluffy then I'm taking another piece of yarn and putting one of its ends underneath the loops and tying a knot on the top I'm then removing it pulling the two ends of the yarn tight and tying a couple of knots to make the head of the tassel I'm taking another piece of yarn and leaving a bit of space from the top I'm wrapping the yarn for five to six times then we're going to pull the ends tight and tie a double knot then with a pair of scissors I'm cutting the loops now we're going to trim the ends to level them our first tassel is done and I made three more tassels for attaching the tassels I'm taking a large yarn needle and threading both the ends of the yarn like so then I'm grabbing one of the corners of the cushion cover and poking the needle right into it now we're going to pull the threaded needle from the other side remove the needle pull the ends tight and tie four to five knots to secure it in place in the same way we're going to attach the tassels to the remaining three corners so this finishes of our DIY hand painted cushion cover which turned out very cute and aesthetic that's all for today I really hope you like the projects if you did please give it a thumbs up and let me know in the comments your thoughts on it if you plan to recreate any of these DIYs I would love to see them so you can tag me on Instagram at Dusty Hills thanks for watching and I'll see you guys next time thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @surashreebasak2666 [1 likes]: Your works are always aesthetic!
  2. @carlycharlesworth1497 [1 likes]: I really love your cushion cover. It is beautiful. I also liked the wall art piece you made. It looks good in a circular frame. This is the first time I have found your channel. I am now a subscriber. God bless you and all those you love. Have a great week!
  3. @katencecreates [1 likes]: Really like the interesting embroidery designs ❤
  4. @TheGodFath3rr [1 likes]: Loved them both ….. You are just unbelievable 🤩🥰