- Amazon 'Anticipatory Shopping' Venture: Kind: captions Language: en amazon is tapping into what it calls anticipatory shopping the company says it may start shipping products to distribution centers near customers before they even order it local 15 web content specialist Taryn Reed has more on this new venture Tara hey Pat it's essentially shipping before you shop and Amazon thinks it can determine what you'd like to buy before you even order it The Wall Street Journal reports that the retail giant got a patent last month for anticipatory shopping here's how it works Amazon says it may ship products based on customers previous orders and shopping habits like searches wish lists and shopping cart contents customers who linger over an item with their mouse cursor it may also attract Amazon's attention now that doesn't mean random items you've searched for will start arriving on your doorstep amazon says simply says it will redirect items to land at storage facilities close to you and in the event that you hit that checkout button it will be closer therefore it won't take us long to ship to you this is Amazon second attempt at cutting delivery time in an effort to keep customers happy the first was when they announced they'd like to use drones to deliver packages Amazon CEO says that could happen in four to five years so we asked you what do you think of anticipatory shopping Jen says sounds dangerous for bank accounts and Wilma Joe adds I don't want them sending me anything until and unless I order it Craig says I'm sure this would only consist of items that you order over and over amazon can't read minds you can still share your opinion just head on over to our Facebook page and comment on this story and while you're online go ahead and find and follow me on Facebook and Twitter the handles are on your screen so if there was ever any doubt that you're being followed now you know what do you think of that no I'm not a big fan of it I mean because again it seems like they're spying on exactly what I'm doing which like it would be more not for like individuals may be more for businesses let's say you order 660 pounds of paper shirts a month you know sure like that makes sense but you know little things yeah yeah but they're they're watching they're watching they're watching alright thanks dear

- Future Shopping: AR Apps From Gap, Amazon and More: Kind: captions Language: en When you hear the words augmented reality, you may think of little Pokemon popping up in the street in front of you. But the latest air applications can be used for far more useful tasks. Some major retailers are building Android apps that rely on Google's depth sensing motion tracking Tango camera, like the one found in this Lenovo Fab 2 Pro. Amazon's product preview lets you visualize different size and brand TV sets in your home. Lowe's Vision app lets you take measurements and virtually place new appliances in your kitchen so you can try that fridge before you buy. Wayfair view shows you what a new chair or table would look like next to the furniture you've already got. The Tango app likely to have the broadest appeal is dressing room by Gap. This app lets you place virtual mannequins around a room outfitted with different clothing options. To get an idea of the fit, you can change the size of the clothes being modeled or even the size of the mannequin. Walk closer to the mannequin and you can see greater detail, buttons, embroidery, fabric. Like how it looks? Click and you can buy it from GAP's website. Despite this being a virtual dressing room, the app won't let you scan your own body. You can't even enter your weight or exact measurements for your mannequin double. Another Tango limitation, the only phone available with a Tango camera right now is the Lenovo Fab 2 Pro. Later this year, the Asus Xen Phone AR should go on sale. But with such big retail names and a powerhouse like Google, there's a good chance Tango will go places and we'll start using AR to try before we buy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JustinMathewVettickattil [4 likes]: You should have given the links for these apps
  2. @challengerdrakava1198 [2 likes]: this works MUCH BETTER on the iphone X,XR ,XS and XS max.
  3. @doomday6053 [2 likes]: i wanna shopping shop apps like sims...



living in simulations...
  4. @seemaverma464 [1 likes]: Wow
  5. @powie2077 [1 likes]: Does it work for the iPhone 6?
  6. @zorohunter3: "Tango will go places", lol , tango is a flop
  7. @ml-wq6dc: regular show

- The Future of Shopping? - BBC Click: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] this week going out without getting too close dressing Lara without going to the shops and cheering on your team without going to the match welcome welcome come on in welcome to click Lara's here as well welcome how you doing my friend I'm good thanks although I had a bit of an incident filming and I'm covered in glitter so anybody with a good TV set may be able to see that and you'll find out why later but anyway having you Spencer right I'm fine thanks this week I've been trying out some stuff that might help you if you set around the house using a phone or a tablet or a laptop more than usual there's a lot of that going on at the moment if you hadn't noticed so if you're using a phone or a tablet and you're sick of holding it up all the time I'm trying this it's called the slick pillow stand it's a thick bit of rubber and you slot your device in there like that and then you strap it around a pillow or a cushion so you can rest it on your lap like that you can even pop it into bed lie next to it and check your work emails late at night if that's your thing now if you're using a laptop on a dining table or on your lap or in bed you'll know that that is terrible for your back or your neck so I finally got around to get myself one of these it's an adjustable laptop stand plenty of them on the market you can see that the legs are just in all different ways so you can pop it over your lap and you can adjust the heights of the keyboard the screen and the camera are at the right height this comes with a USB powered fan to keep things cool as well and if you happen to be working from a really strange place like your sofa and you need a completely adjustable work surface it turns out I have the perfect solution it is called the I Ronin board and I have it here would you like to see us yeah okay right so ready here we go it's the I Ronin boards as you can see goes all the way up brilliant perfect I tell you what it also comes with them this thing I don't know what it is but the processor runs incredibly hot well you've certainly been resourceful at home but in the outside world nonessential retail is due to Oh for next week and Spencer I can't believe I'm talking to you seriously right now but what you really want to go clothes shopping you know I hate clothes shopping at the best of times yes that is a very good point and I think for most people it's probably not going to be a priority right now but of course the economy is weeping so are we going to get the high street back in fashion clearly it's going to be challenging for stores and for those who do visit the experience will be different technology can't replace everything but it's been doing a decent job of filling the gap over the past months going stores been working with a number of shops using live video streaming to show products it's live video chat allows customers to connect with in-store staff over the web in fact when Curry's PC world the uk-based technology retailer first began using it in April he realized it could bring back some of its furloughed staff and allow them to work from home but now they are starting to come back in store a lot of customers are loving this especially as I said earlier the people who are shielding or a vulnerable people or people who are homeschooling their kids especially like they're all very grateful you know being able to speak to a person rather than just browsing on the internet and looking for answers on 20 different websites they can just come down to Cory's PC world website and click on the apply button and get advice from a person either in store or from the home an innovative remote solution and it brings a new element to online shopping especially for those who might be isolating longer but when it comes to clothes shopping buying online does have limitations over the years on click we've looked at some attempted solutions to getting the sizing right I tried to get measured up by the Zozo suit and some smart leggings both connecting to smartphone apps to take readings and Spencer tried out some different looks in this smart mirror but maybe now is the moment for some of these kinds of ideas one platform has taken things to a whole new level making you the customer the model a I powered app Zeke it aims to give you a really true to life virtual experience of trying on clothes now it does this by first of all photographing you you do really have to follow the instructions and that involved this rather embarrassing attire a combination of shorts a tank top and my best shoes first time I put on heels in three months otherwise the picture may not upload very well I did have some difficulty with pictures of my own that I thought would work so once I got the picture uploaded and I did feel like I was dressed like a 16 year old it was really quite incredible because it offered something that no store does I'm flicking through the catalogue I'm seeing every single outfit on me so it means that you can actually pick out the things that suit you rather than just picking out the items that catch your eye how does it do it well its algorithm uses deep learning to scan the picture of the clothing dividing it into 80,000 segments it then does the same to the picture of the person and from there can match up the two to fit the clothes to anyone's unique body shape something has always been a big problem for online retailers if the issue of so many returned right now that can involve the quarantine of clothes as well plus for the customer do you really want to be spending a long time in a socially distance post office q well some of these outfits definitely look more ridiculous than others but of course there's only any point in any of this if what we're looking at here is actually true to life so I need to order something to see if it looks the same in the flesh I'm gonna go for this dress it looks nice there looks okay so I'm now going to tap through to buy it okay the parcel is here let's do this doesn't feel great admittedly let's see how it looks okay I am actually pretty amazed by how much this looks like the virtual image let me just stand in the right position so if we get a photo of that put in a white background and match it up then we can really see the true likeness and I think that is quite astonishing the only thing that I hadn't bargained for is but there's glitter absolutely everywhere so I may have got a great idea in advance of how it was going to look but it's not until you get your hands on something you can really tell the quality although in fairness today it is a 20 quid dress and after the inspiration came actually from a very different world from military-related technologies we use to develop mapping technology so you could actually see how maps look on topographies like intelligence maps look on typography and when we developed those technologies we actually had a kind of fun you Rick a moment that actually the human body is a little bit like at the farmer feet and any the items feature we can look at it as if it was an intelligence map and apply more or less the same technologies and be there to solve their holy grail of online fashion so whilst many of us are starting to be able to go back to the high street it seems coronavirus could have dramatically changed the way we shop long term we think high streets world will persist but we are under no illusion that the number of retail units will probably decrease so there's forecast that said by 2025 we lose 25% a retail stop we think that might have been accelerated and we're looking at a sort of one to two years and instead of a five-year one so perhaps the new reality is that our ever improving online shopping experience is increasingly at odds with the idea of getting back to the buzzing high street I tell you what after years of trying these sorts of things that claim to show you what clothes will look like on you this one does seem to works I mean that virtual you in the dress really did look like the real you in the real dress tell you what though I am a real stickler for clothes being comfortable when they're on and I don't think an app will ever be able to tell you that it's my first priority although I don't like things to be too tight around the stomach because I want to be able to eat the feel of the fabric you do sometimes want to really touch it yeah absolutely absolutely okay so last week we talked about the next generation of the Xbox video games console PlayStation would use to launch the PS 5 last week too but they delayed one week later and marches lack has some information after months of hype and feverish online speculation the most popular video games console in the world the PlayStation 4 is about to be replaced with you guessed it the PlayStation 5 there's a lot of hyper on this PlayStation event because Playstations next-generation console is still shrouded in mystery it is the follow-up to one of the biggest selling consoles of all time and yet it's coming out at the end of this year and we still don't know what it looks like or what games were going to be able to play on it Sony's managed to sell 104 million PlayStation 4's making it the second best-selling console of all time beaten only by its older sibling the PlayStation 2 with 150 million consoles shifted so this next machine has big shoes to fill but right now gaming is having something of a moment as a result of the coded 19 pandemic and lockdown millions of people have found themselves at home looking for ways to entertain themselves playing video games is one of those ways gaming has proved so popular that there's been a 48 percent increase in console sales today's reveal for the PlayStation 5 differs from the usual noisy affair attended by thousands of members of the press becoming an online-only event finally allowing us to see the actual PS 5 itself a curvy console that will come in two flavors a standard machine with an Ultra HD blu-ray drive and a digital edition which lacks the drive of course Sony's showcased fan favorite games like Spider Man this time around an expansion on the 2018 title now starring Miles Morales and we got a taste of racing game Gran Turismo 7 which now features a story mode and more third-person adventuring with mechanized animals in the far future USA in a new horizon title forbidden West the latest Ratchet and Clank game showed off the speed of the PS 5 solid state drive virtually eliminating load times creating vast play areas that do away with programming tricks like ledges and narrow gaps the player must squeeze through these are clever ways of allowing the console to load the next area without the player noticing the SSD is so far - it does away with this programming sleight of hand but surely there's more to this next generation than shinier visuals and no times I think this next generation isn't just about better graphics is actually about your experience as a gamer they're trying to remove some of the barriers between the point where you want to play a game and the point where you're actually playing that game cutting down on loading times cutting down on the time it takes for the game to download if you're do it digitally time it takes for the updates to install all of that is being torn away so you have access to a game within seconds of wanting to play it the console wars of old are set to continue as the rival Xbox Series X machine is also scheduled to launch this year - both machines will be backwards compatible being able to play games designed for the previous generations Hardware the Xbox one and ps4 but Sony and Microsoft have so far remained tight-lipped about how much either of these consoles will cost a factor which will become increasingly important in an uncertain economic environment and while gaming is popular right now some people might choose to stick with the console they already have consumers will be able to make up their own mind which machine they prefer when both consoles arrive towards the end of this year hello and welcome to the weekend tech it was the week that Google Maps added a new kovat 19 alert feature in selected countries including the UK in the u.s. to help people plan trips around restrictions fast break robotics robot hadrian X was shown breaking its own speed record for laying bricks up to 200 per hour and aesthetics company next motion announced it's developing what it says is the world's first aesthetic injection robot is to operate independently to provide treatments it was also the week that IVM announced it would no longer offer develop or research general facial recognition technology in a letter to US Congress the company said it firmly opposes use of any technology for mass surveillance or racial profiling Amazon then put a one-year ban on the use of its recognition product by the police and Microsoft said it would not sell its facial recognition tech to the police until federal regulations were in place remote doctor at Babylon Health acknowledged it suffered a data breach after one of its users found they had access to dozens of video recordings of other patients consultations Babylon said has now fixed the issue and notified regulators retailer gap has bought 73 warehouse robots to help with demand created by online orders these sort picking robots can pick 335 pieces per hour and finally this week we saw a new cable driven robot that can be used to interact with and track flying insects researchers say the lab on cables allows them to successfully match the movement of bugs in flight allowing them to study them untethered so earlier Lara talked about the alternatives to going to physical shops but there are sometimes situations where you do want to visit a store or maybe a tourist attraction and then of course the main worry is staying a safe distance from the other visitors so how about this visitors to Florence Cathedral in Italy and now being asked to wear something extra as they admire its famous dome these devices use ultra wideband radio signals to judge how far away each is from the others if a visitor to the Cathedral or to the museum inadvertently draws too near someone else the light that here you see absolutely still will suddenly begin to move and there will be an audible sensation a kind of buzz meanwhile this gallery in New York State is planning to use the same device to allow its visitors to lose themselves in his artworks without wondering into others who were similarly absorbed we wanted to make sure that people could have an extra hand and a little bit of help to actually feel more comfortable in the space and to focus on the art as much as possible instead of actually constantly being terrorized in a way by safety measures also another feature that is very important for us is the possibility to program them so that we can host groups up to six people all together and avoid the devices to actually ring among each other to host families and groups similar devices have now been produced all in an effort to allow gym members hotel guests and school pupils to mix at a safe distance in their respective environments this nudge tactic is already a hit at the de Kroc library in Belgium it's not a big deal it's just an extra step library it's easy to use because you are not really using it actively but yeah it helps you be aware of and the advantage of a decentralized device is that no personal data is stored anywhere because we can give that immediate feedback we do not need to store anything we do not need to we do not need to love any personal information we no do not need to send any data to a back-end or the internet or a gateway or whatever it's it's a completely privacy pure solution that can really help supporting social distancing in the moment itself but collecting some data isn't always a bad idea as well as helping shoppers avoid each other these neck bands could help shops plan to keep customers apart when punks adopted by retailers it gives them a a lot of insight and how their stores laid out where their the hot spots are if you like people are coming into into close contact with each other so it's enabling the retailer to change the layouts of the idea of the aisles of how people browse whether it be clothes or electricals based on real data rather than assumptions there are places though that can only reopen accepting the fact that people do have to be more closely packed together like sporting events and that's why they're happening behind closed doors yeah with fans not being able to go to matches everyone loses out it's not good for the fans it's not good for the players who can't then here the fans support now Paul Carter has been looking at this and will hear all about it in a second after we say hello Paul how have you been hey Sven hey Lara I'm all right thanks I'm clinging to what little bit of sanity I had left before all this started but yeah all right what are you been up to well you know we're used to traveling a lot on this show and that's obviously out of the window at the moment so I've been throwing myself into the virtual world rather than the real world I've been playing a lot of PS for mainly spending my time completing Final Fantasy 7 and Red Dead Redemption - I'm glad to hear that you've been busy let's talk sport what is it that you've been looking at football and I'm delighted to say I can finally say football is coming home and that's because games are going to be paid behind closed doors for the foreseeable future and at home is the only place most of us are actually going to be able to watch any so to make the stadium's feel a little bit less well empty clubs and broadcasters have been trying some tech based solutions to try and make things seem a little bit more atmospheric around the world football is slowly returning albeit to mostly empty stadiums in Denmark the season restarted at the end of May to try and create some sort of atmosphere and what have been dubbed ghost games super Liga club horse created a 40 meter virtual grandstand we knew that we couldn't have spectators at during the first games so we needed to somehow recreate this community and I must say it worked out very well actually at some point it was very moving the first game where we had it we had a very late equaliser very important gold and I looked up on this big screen and I saw an elderly couple and the woman was standing and cheering and then she turned around a kiss to her husband who was still sitting so those intimate moments we get the chance to see because we got the opportunity to come straight home to the fans and we also had a camera under the screen so if the players wanted they could run out and cheer and then the fans could could see them also in Denmark League leaders FC Midtjylland turn their stadium into a drive-in fans were able to watch the games on screens erected in the car parks with commentary on their car radios they lost one nil though so it may have been a long drive home elsewhere one company are taking the concept of virtual fans a step further all sports created a solution offering supporters the chance to appear inside the stadium as avatars using mixed reality so we have people where they can sign up from their homes they can pick their avatar they can put on like their favorite Jersey for the most favorite club they can pick a seat in the stadium and we bring them in a new parallel universe that is mixed with the broadcast so the director of the broadcast that is taking these issues on switching cameras etc sees an Augmented version of the of the mats and maybe they can see a great moment where someone in the stadium is doing something fun and maybe doing the dance of the favorite club but cheering or something and they would like to swim into that and to just to bring you know the energy back into the game to show that there are there are people out there that are cheering for the club etc Sky Sports revealed this week that they're going to be using crowd noise from the game FIFA 20 for their English Premier League broadcasts the stands might not before but they'll sound like the are with Sky Sports crowds while bt sport have been experimenting during their Bundesliga coverage by playing relevant crowd noise over match events both broadcasters will be offering the crowd noise as a choosable option for their customers in Spain the Liga have begun using a similar solution so is using tech to be the 12th man an absolute Weldy of an idea or are they having a proverbial stinker I'm doing the one who just likes fakery wherever it happens however an investigation I'm all for it absolutely 100% when the idea of you know putting your people on zoom around as I doing that for me it's fabulous every imaginable that is fabulous it's the closest thing you can possibly get through the real things more clubs and broadcasters are expected to reveal other tech solutions as the restarted season progresses though if you're anything like me no tech will ever be the real thing that was Paul and that's it for this week you can find us throughout the week on YouTube Instagram Facebook and Twitter at BBC click thank you so much for watching and we will see you soon bye bye bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @herminionz [5 likes]: 2020 is here, this is totally stuff from a futuristic 80s movie
  2. @CabrilloTV [1 likes]: Nice fun show, any chance that you can cover VR again?
  3. @chloelee2997: I need to feel the fabric before I buy! 😩
  4. @mariacheebandidos7183: 7:15 kinda looks better than the virtual fit photo.
  5. @stephenmeinhold5452: re games and consoles, I have a decent gaming PC and a ps4 and that will do for now, later down the line I will think about getting a PS5.
there are a few games out there that are purely about bloodlust but there are so many others that are really good wholesome fun or educational, sadly there is no press or media coverage of them. 
perhaps in the future click could cover the positive side of gaming just to balance it out a bit.
  6. @annsmith22: I can't find the online store website; can you please repost?
  7. @ammej768: Still looking for that adjustable stand!!!!
  8. @proxi250: i-roning board. perfectly adjustable. you just need the fruit logo to complete the picture.
  9. @rpgduck: Just last week called  Currys PC World ( Customer Service ) and had to wait 2 hours 15 min . . . . ./////   Currys PC World  . . ..WE START WITH YOU  . . . . . . . . but only  if your spending :)
  10. @danielhadgu: 000
  11. @socnay: /

- Mobile Commerce (m-commerce) Trends in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en mcommerce or mobile Commerce Trends in 2025 mobile Commerce mcommerce is rapidly evolving and 2025 promises to be an exciting year for the industry here are some key trends to watch one augmented reality AR and virtual reality to VR shopping experiences virtual try-ons customers will be able to virtually try on clothes accessories and even makeup product visualization AR can provide detailed product information and demonstrations immersive shopping environments VR can create engaging and interactive shopping experiences to voice Commerce dominance hands-free shopping voice assistance will become the primary interface for many Shoppers personalized recommendations voice activated shopping will offer tailored product suggestions simplified checkout voice Commerce will streamline the payment process three hyper personalization tailored recommendations AI powered algorithms will deliver highly personalized product suggestions predictive shopping retailers will anticipate customer needs based on purchase history and behavior loyalty programs personalized rewards and incentives will drive Customer Loyalty four mobile payments in digital wallets contactless payments mob mobile wallets will become the preferred payment method for inore and online purchases biometric authentication fingerprint and facial recognition will enhance security and convenience cryptocurrency integration some retailers may offer cryptocurrency payment options five social commerce growth shoppable posts social media platforms will continue to integrate shopping features influencer Partnerships collaborations with influencers will drive sales and brand awareness live shopping experiences interactive shopping events will create a sense of urgency and excitement by staying ahead of these Trends businesses can create exceptional mobile shopping experiences and gain a competitive advantage in the evolving Marketplace if you find this video inspiring do not forget like share and Subscribe apr. inv videos

- Dopamine System, Craving & Pursuit Explained | Dr. Andrew Huberman: Kind: captions Language: en Let's think about dopamine peaks and baselines. Let's remember that for every peak, there's a trough. What do I mean by that? Well, when you have a wave, you also have the bottom of the wave. When you have a mountain, you have the bottom of the mountain. When we think about dopamine peaks and dopamine baselines, we have to include that trough because that trough, that is the level of dopamine below baseline, really dictates whether or not you are going to feel motivated to pursue something or not. I'm going to give you a visual in your mind. The visual in your mind is an increase in dopamine that's triggered by your desire for something, and really could be your desire for anything. If you're hungry and you're thinking about, "I really want a sandwich, I really want a..." Let's think, what sandwich would I want right now? A really nice roast beef sandwich on sourdough with a slice of Swiss, tomatoes, slice of pickle. Here I'm describing the sandwich that I would want. If you're hungry and you're thinking about that, dopamine starts rising. This is crucially important to understand. Dopamine is not just released when we get the reward, when we get the thing that we're pursuing. Dopamine is released in anticipation of what we want. That increase in dopamine is by no happenstance, no mistake, relates also to our propensity and desire to move. Remember earlier I told you there's a separate circuit of dopamine that triggers movement and that when it's depleted is causing things like deficits in movement related to Parkinson's or other movement disorders? Well, that's not pure coincidence. That's because desire and the need to move in order to pursue and reach goals are one in the same process. If I desire a sandwich or I desire a cup of coffee or I desire some water when I'm thirsty, there's an increase in dopamine that we could call a little mini-peak in dopamine. But then here's the key thing. Very soon after I realize my desire for something, that peak that was caused by the desire comes down and drops below baseline, below the level of dopamine that it was prior to even thinking about the sandwich or the coffee or the glass of water. It's that drop below baseline that triggers my desire to go out and find that sandwich, that coffee, that water, or that blank. Insert whatever it is that you happen to desire, action or substance of any kind or person, et cetera. That drop below baseline is fundamental to the whole process, and that drop below baseline was triggered by the preceding peak. Let's say that I desire a sandwich, there's an increase in dopamine, then very quickly it comes down below baseline just a little bit, now I'm in pursuit of the sandwich. I'm looking for where I can get that sandwich. I can order it, perhaps, to be delivered. I can go out and find it. Now is the stage in which I have to think about what are the different stimuli, that is the things in my environment that signal whether or not I'm likely to get that sandwich or not. For instance, if I were to go to my phone and order food on an app, or walk down the street and see the sign for a Deli, that's a cue that I'm likely to relieve that drop in dopamine and get not just back to baseline, but then I'll get a peak in dopamine. Indeed, that's what happens. If I find that Deli, I go into the Deli, they're open, they're making the sandwich that I want, they make my sandwich, and great, I get that sandwich. That sandwich will have some degree of inherent reward to it, some degree of my liking it or not liking it. Let's say I like it. It's not the best sandwich I've ever had, but all I'm doing is comparing my desire for that sandwich to the sandwich that I actually got and ate. Chances are it's going to relieve that craving, meaning it will take that dopamine that had fallen below baseline, up, up back to baseline, and if I like the sandwich, it's going to indeed increase that dopamine again to another peak. Now, if I love the sandwich, like it's the most delicious thing that I've ever tasted in my entire life, well, then I'll get a big peak in dopamine when I consume that reward. However, chances are that the sandwich is more or less as I expect it to be, which is pretty good. I'll eat it and I'm fine. What do I mean by fine? Well, there's a concept called reward-prediction error. Reward-prediction error says that the dopamine that it has experienced, that is, that's released from the VTA and nucleus accumbens, is going to be of a certain value. That value is going to be compared to the desire and expectation of what I thought I was going to get. If you take what you actually got minus what you expected, that's reward-prediction error. If the sandwich is basically what I expected to get, fine, dopamine comes down basically to a baseline level that's pretty standard for me and is basically the baseline level I had before I ever thought about the sandwich at all. If the sandwich completely surprises me and is completely amazing, just an amazing sandwich, well, then the level of dopamine that I experience when I consume that sandwich is going to be even greater, and it's going to be that minus what I expected. There it's a bigger reward-prediction error in the direction of higher peak by consuming the sandwich. Then, of course, there's the other possibility, which is the Deli is closed or the sandwich they make me is lousy or doesn't taste good, or something happened in the consuming of that sandwich that just makes it a bad experience. In which case, if we take that reward-experienced minus reward-predicted from the initial craving, well, then it's going to be less than what I expected, and therefore the baseline drops below where it was prior to even desiring the sandwich. All of this might seem a little bit complicated, but it's all very simple. Desire for things increases dopamine, but then our level of dopamine drops below baseline, and it's that drop below baseline that triggers the motivation to bring that dopamine level back up by going and pursuing the thing that you wanted in the first place. Now, of course, as this is happening, you're not conscious of your dopamine levels. You experience this as context-dependent craving and pursuit. Because remember, the prefrontal cortex is involved in context setting and craving and pursuit because it relates to action and movement, which is one of the general features of the dopamine system. You can start to see how this is a beautifully designed system. You can also see how it's a perfect system for desire and pursuit of anything, not just sandwiches, as I'm giving you in this somewhat trivial, but everyday and therefore, applicable example. [MUSIC PLAYING]

  Top Comments:
  1. @harryelliott5153 [11 likes]: To summarise: 

Dopamine is a neuromodulator that pushes you to physically move towards your goal 

It is released in anticipation of acquiring something you desire. (Hence things that lead in the direction of acquiring the thing, like a huge neon Deli sign when you’re hungry, trigger this response) 

Shortly after that initially dopamine hit, you will descend into a lower than baseline state, meaning you will be craving even stronger.

When get the thing, the surge in dopamine you get depends on what you were expecting vs how well the thing satisfies you (reward-prediction error). This dictates whether you go back to baseline or if you experience a peak in dopamine.
  2. @HubermanLabClips [9 likes]: This clip is from the Huberman Lab episode "Leverage Dopamine to Overcome Procrastination & Optimize Effort.” The full episode can be found on YouTube here: https://youtu.be/K-TW2Chpz4k
  3. @candyvanityheals7715 [4 likes]: Could u not explain this a lot quicker? I zoned out 3x
  4. @scottlombardi4603 [1 likes]: What if you don’t get the sandwich? Does your dopamine level stay in the trough or does it drop lower?
  5. @burcubing [1 likes]: I understand my addictions better now
  6. @Milosoupa [1 likes]: Completely contradicted yourself in the video. ‘Increase in dopamine creates the motivation’ and at the end you say the exact opposite. Makes one wonder if you are qualified to explain the topic.
  7. @HieuPhan-is7rh [1 likes]: amazing on how the dopamine cyclic peaks and trough work
  8. @We.AreGems: Thank you so much.  I found this fascinating, informative and helpful.
I was so interested in the very last bit about making the effort the reward... but the explanation I couldn't quite grasp, it was v brief and quick - would love some elucidation or even another podcast focusing on this!

Regarding meditation.  You said that 'classic' meditation that is primarily about focus does not raise the dopamine baseline.  But...there are so many kinds of 'classic' meditation, not all of which are about focus as the primary intention. For example Just Sitting from the Zen tradition where you actually let go of trying to focus on anything.  Or the whole range of loving-kindness and compassion practices, like Tonglen, and metta bhavana.  For example there is mudita bhavana where you recall another person's good qualities and good fortune and cultivate joy in that.  Then there is jhana practice, where you cultivate a progression of states, characterized by physical pleasure (1st jhana), happiness (2nd), peace (3rd) and profound stillness (4th).   
Is it really right that these practices  don't impact base dopamine?  Has the research covered these kinds of meditation?
  9. @keiChristian46: Now I want a sandwich...
  10. @TochStyle: lol I asked AI about this it says it's a really old system but had to learn more
  11. @pocketfulofscribbles: Lovelovelovely
  12. @abdurrhmanaliliban: it means " lower your expectations"
  13. @6Hole: That’s some sandwich. 🥪
  14. @RTheConqueror: Drop after rewards: WAIT
Drop after thinking (motivation) : ACT
  15. @OkasperTulle: Focus apa, saya tidak mengerti maksud anda.😅
  16. @StopBelievingLiars: When I lost a big investment that changed my life, I became really depressed and started to use cocaine to numb myself and now I am very unmotivated to do anything and keep craving cocaine. Is there a way out? I feel like I’m gonna reach out for the drug again because I can’t feel any pleasure for anything.
  17. @dramit4635: What a fantastic lecture!!
  18. @rutummaling5143: It's exactly 💯 right that's why I never give high expectations on anything 😅😅😅
  19. @lucysitarova9124: My husband is cluster headache since 17 years old. He takes preventatives for this. I believe judging by his symptoms he has also ADHD. Has depression, had anxiety (this is still very close to the surffice). He can hardly get out of the bed, if he goes to supermarket he feels he is going to pass out. He can't do anything, all the symptoms are the same as dopamine deficiency. Is getting Concerta (similiar to Adderal in US) if he gets diagnosed with ADHD the only way? Is there possibility to fix this without this type of medication? He is exhausted, craves chocolate, coffee, kombucha, posting on Fb to get   that little bit of dopamine. His body aches often like a flue. It seems always absolutely terrible during the months when before he had preventatives for his cluster headaches, he would have these headaches. He has this exhaustion all year round but peaking in the summer and in the winter. People around us don't understand and use the typical comments that he has to move etc. That itself feels very isolating. If he does move (doesn't have to be a lot) he is bedridden for at least 48 hr. He can't continue like this and has been thinking for a while to end it all. The reason why he hasn't done it yet, is because of me and his Mum. He is taking SSRi for depression and Rivotril for anxiety.  Sometomes he gets a lift for moments when he laughs but crushes down soon after.
  20. @John-r1o4l: NOTICE HOW THIS VIDIO IS BRAINWASHING YOU INTENSE MUSIC , UNAPEALLING PICTURES , TRUMPS VOICE  MIXED IN WITH KENNEDY AND SLURRING TRUMP . THESE TATICS ARE OF THE CIA BLACK OPPS FROM WW2 . WHERE STALLIN AND HITLER POLUTTED THE WATER WITH FLORIDE CAUSING PEOPLE TO BE MORE RESISTENT TO BEING CONTROLLED BY THEIR LEADERS . DISNEY , MEDIA AND ADVERTISMENT HAS TAKEN THE SPOT OF SOCIAL CORUPTION TO INFLUENCE OUR VOTEING DECESSIONS WE THE PEOPLE MAKE IN OUR ELECTIONS . WE ARE NOT WEAKE MINDED PEOPLE THEY PERCEIVE US TO BE AND CAN SEE WHAT THEY TRUELY ARE AND WHAT THEY STAND FOR . AS FOR THE MAKERS OF THIS VIDIO TELL YOUR MASTER IT S NOT WORKING BY THE COMMENTS LEFT ALONE . ??

- America's Dopamine-Fueled Shopping Addiction: Kind: captions Language: en If you’ve ever seen a shopping haul or unboxing video, you know that America loves to shop. I did some shopping. You know, I haven't really uploaded a haul on this channel in a really long time, but to be honest, the shopping never stopped. Shopping has never been easier. We no longer have to go to a store during limited hours, stalk the aisles looking for a product, and then wait in check-out lines. Now with the click of a button, we have the freedom to shop for anything, anywhere, and at any time. Every day is Christmas if you buy yourself stuff online. Products are cheaper than ever, despite having to travel across the world to get to us. Which means we often buy things without a second thought. These are three dollars. Uno, dos, tres. I will buy one, because why the hell not. What's the last thing you bought online? The last thing I bought online was a milk frother for my Nespresso coffee machine. I think I bought five pairs of jeans, leggings and sweatpants. Shoes, a pair of shoes. So, you get a dopamine hit when you buy something; it’s kind of this pleasure of ‘oh i’m buying something, that’s fun’, but with online shopping you get that dopamine hit when it arrives too, and when you open it, so it’s kind of this double benefit. And so it’s actually more fun, in some ways, biologically than buying things in the store. This biological compulsion to shop is partly due to the way humans are wired. So, there is an evolutionary aspect to this… The people that had the most stuff were most likely to survive, so you gather a lot of food for the winter, you gather a lot of wood for your shelter, and we still have that innate desire to get enough stuff, to make sure that we’re going to survive. Today, despite being surrounded by abundance, Americans are still collecting ever more stuff. In 2017, we spent 240 billion on goods like jewelry, watches, luggage, books and phones, twice as much as in 2002, even though our population only grew by 13% during that time. Our spending on personal care items like lotions and makeup also doubled over that time. So we’re spending 20% more on clothes than we were in 2000. The average American buys 66 garments a year, which is insane. And we’re even spending more on electronics, which is really interesting, because electronics are actually cheaper than they used to be. So the dollar amount that we’re spending is going up, even though the cost of things is going down. And now that we do a lot of our shopping online, returning things has become more of a hassle. One survey found that nine out of ten shoppers said they never or rarely return online purchases. And part of this is because things are so cheap, you think, is it really worth $5 of my time to print out the label and go to the post office and send it back when I’m really not gonna get that much money back? Why not just keep this and maybe I’ll use it eventually. Most things that I buy online I feel like I don’t wind up using. A waffle maker, yeah, for college. And I never used it. It’s probably still in the box in my basement at home. Yeah, I mean, like lipsticks. I buy clothes a lot, and a lot of times I’m too lazy to return them. So where does all this stuff go? Well, a lot of it just becomes clutter in our ever-expanding homes. The average square footage of houses in the U.S. rose by 23% in the last two decades, while the number of storage facilities doubled. It’s become very easy to donate our unwanted goods to thrift stores, which makes us feel better about getting rid of our stuff. But it’s estimated that most of the clothes we donate actually end up in landfills. The average American throws away an estimated 81 pounds of clothes and textiles each year, nearly 5 times more than in 1980. We collectively threw away 26 million tons of plastics in 2015, and only 9% got recycled. Consumers continue to want cheaper goods. This means that manufacturers have to cut costs and create lower quality products So you know, you’ll buy cheap clothes from H&M and they’ll lose their shape after a wash or two, or you’ll even buy appliances and where they used to last for 10 years, they last for 3 years. This can’t continue. In 20 years, the global middle class is expected to grow by 3 billion people. And we’re on track to double the material resources we use by 2060. We’re running out of places to put all this trash. By the middle of this century, the amount of plastic items in our oceans will be greater than the number of fish. And this is actually becoming a problem because China is starting to say ‘we’re not gonna take your junk anymore’, So all these landfills across America are going to have to figure out what they’re going to do with all this stuff that people are throwing away. Where does that leave us? The movie Wall-E predicted a bleak future where humans filled their planet with so much trash that they had to abandon it for another one. Some consumers are trying to reverse this trend, taking part in growing movements like zero-waste households. To me, living zero-waste means that I don't make any trash. Or capsule wardrobes. The rule of thumb is to go down to about 36 items in your closet. Or doing a ‘year-of-no-shopping’. It was just about not buying things, unless I absolutely needed it. Or minimalism. Some consumers are using their buying power to encourage companies to create more sustainable products. I should pay people a fair wage, and support companies that Iike. But beyond individual choices we could look for a more encompassing solution. Right now we make, use and then trash all of our materials, which can take a thousand years to biodegrade. Companies could design all of our goods for re-use and to have multiple life-cycles before finally composting back into the earth. We could start with clothing: nearly 100% of our fabrics could be recycled into pulp and turned into new textiles. Otherwise, if nothing changes, let’s hope we can make it to Mars in time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheAtlantic [122 likes]: Sales are booming, but malls are dying. What happened? Watch "The Death and Afterlife of the Mall:" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShfoJw6KlxA&list=PLDamP-pfOskO7zQRs2x7CnPHeiZSk43Nj&
  2. @Crimeeofficial [1 likes]: Dopamine
  3. @divyasharma8637 [1 likes]: Maturity is understanding that you need less to live well!
  4. @Burlesqueteers [1 likes]: It's so embarrassing to see people whose main 'intellectual' interest is shopping.
  5. @sangoros [1 likes]: the fact that this video is six years ago and still is very true in our society, especially with the usage of tiktok and rise of influencers. people in particular, the younger generation and my generation feel the needs to keep buying not because of the trend but because _ has it and they look amazing. people tend to correlate that the items that someone successful has will correlate into making them successful as well, whether in looks, academic, lifestyle, etc
  6. @adiroots: That part about most donated clothes ending up in landfills made me pause - googled the percentage and I am flabbergasted - 85%. I will definitely be mindful as prior to this I saw donated stuff a positive. In general, I tend to focus on quality vs. fast fashion. But with that number, now I really need to focus on needs vs wants.
  7. @jamiekoger207: Powerless over your spending? Debtors anonymous changes lives. #12 promises
  8. @stephensangalli: I get no dopamine hit watching you, unfortunately. Remember this is the Atlantic! 😮
  9. @Burlesqueteers: These people are so sad and vapid.
  10. @laurawoodford1225: I am doing a no-buy July and it has been enlightening
  11. @sangoros: what i do that help me reduce my consumption is give myself a time limit, e.g., i saw these cute pair of sweats, i want to buy it, however i alr own a bunch of decent pairs, i told myself in 3 days, i still want it to get it, but usually past 24 hours i would forget it
  12. @Celis.C: I only buy what I ever truly need or want. The reason I end up buying 'more' in the past few years is because quality has gone down the drain so bad that you're forced to waste money, time and resources just to replace it and find a replacement that won't break down even faster. Clothing in particular is egregiously guilty of this.
  13. @cecilelabbe4049: By setting an example for the next generation and encouraging sensible, practical shopping, we effectively contribute to lowering pollution and safeguarding the environment.
  14. @Eveline68: I live in the Netherlands and the Dutch are just as addicted.
  15. @glittergrapes: Now malls in the US has become nothing more than a desert island
  16. @lindagilbert8587: New, better dopamine hit. No buy! The hit of good feeling when you don’t buy something. Declutterring is a good way to start realizing you don’t need to buy anything!
  17. @LetMeThink007: The good news you’ll be cured shortly, since no one will have any money to shop with your ‘dear Orange Emperor’ leading you into financial nightmare and like lemmings you’re walking towards the abyss 👏🤦‍♀️
  18. @songwriterbeth4155: I rarely buy anything online. When I do, I find I'm always disappointed and send it back. No point. Better to shop locally and buy only what I need. Then again, I'm a minimalist and I hate shopping.
  19. @Arienrhod: I don’t shop. I buy replacements as needed. But I do eat out a lot. I have no debt.
  20. @Mel-gg3xg: Don't judge the average American by videos payed by influencers. Those people get a kickback on the stuff they"buy" and make a video about. The average American today is struggling to survive. We purchase cheap clothing because there's no option unless your wealthy and can afford high end stores. We sometimes have to buy multiples of that same piece of clothing because it's so cheaply made that it falls apart in a few months.

- How to Stop Overspending - 5 Tips for Compulsive Buying Disorder: Kind: captions Language: en So we all have those moments when we’re feeling down. Well guess what can make you feel better almost immediately? Spending money. You got it! It turns out that for the most part, we all like shopping – even when we’re buying things we don’t really need. When we’re feeling depressed going to the mall on a spending spree can give you a feeling of relief. It feels good – so much better than having to deal with all your problems. It’s kind of like a drug. But what can start out as an innocent habit of some “retail therapy” can lead to a shopping obsessing and even a full blown addiction. This addiction can give you major money problems – financial stress from running up your credit cards and even relationship problems because we might try to hide our spending from others. At it’s worse we might even be tempted to steal money from our retirement accounts or even from family members to feed a shopping obsession. So how do you handle the urge to go shopping? In this video, I give 5 tips for how to stop spending money. Coming up! Hey, I’m Dr. Brad Klontz! On this channel, we help you transform your relationship with money, master the psychology of wealth, and live a life of abundance! So, if you’re new here, please subscribe and click the bell so you don’t miss anything! So Tip Number 1: Ask Yourself, why are you shopping? Sure, it does feel good, but why are you doing it? Are you trying to fill an emotional need by shopping? Are you feeling lonely? Sad? Depressed? Angry? For many of us, that’s exactly happening. We’re trying to fill a void in our life. So why are you shopping? Tip Number 2: Embrace Your Emotional Needs. So we’ve established that you are spending to fill an emotional need. So I want you to embrace your emotional needs. What are some better ways to fill that sense of emptiness in side, or to help you feel less alone or less stressed? How about talking to a friend, or journaling about your feelings, or even cuddling with someone you love. How about going for a jog, or just having a good cry? Work on finding other ways – better ways - to help you satisfy your emotional needs. Tip Number 3: Leave Your Credit cards at home. So when you DO go out shopping, take cash with you and leave your cards at home. Research shows we spend about 30% less when we use cash. It hurts slapping down those 20 dollar bills on stuff we don’t need. Tip Number 4: Hit the Mental Pause Button. By this I mean try to put some time between your impulse to buy and pulling the trigger. Hitting the mental pause button can really help a lot. Jot these questions down on “Notes” on your phone and read them before you hit the check-out counter: DO I really need this? Do I have room for this? What if I wait to buy this? How will I feel about this tomorrow? Take some time to answer these questions. It will really help you slow down and will stop your spending. Then if you decide you need it. Buy it tomorrow. Not today. This is a huge power tip. When your emotions fade, chances are you won’t buy it after all. Buy it tomorrow is a great psychological hack. Try it out for yourself. Tip Number 5: Are you stuck? Then ask for help. If these tips aren’t enough to help shift your spending behaviors, and you feel stuck, then please ask for help. Sometimes shopping can become an addiction – what we call a compulsive buying disorder. If left unchecked, this can have devastating consequences. But like other addictions, the great news is that it can be treated. So if you have difficulty controlling your spending and it’s causing you problems in your life, seek the help of a therapist or a support group such as Debtors Anonymous. I have links to some resources in the description below. Question for you: If you’re vulnerable to overspending, what’s one thing you can do differently based on these 5 tips. Write it down and put it into action this week. Special thanks to the Heider College of Business at Creighton University for helping sponsor this channel. If you like this video, give it a "thumbs up," and if want to see more like it, please subscribe. And make sure to check the video description below for links and resources. I’ll see you next time!

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrBradKlontz [30 likes]: Does spending money impact your mood? Let me know what you think!
  2. @annas9992 [14 likes]: The buy it tomorrow is so helpful
  3. @jamlaw [5 likes]: The "wait to buy" hack, so far, has been the most helpful for me. I wont pick things up and walk aroubd with them, either. When I want to grab an item, I tell myself to wait and then if I'm still thinking of it the next day (or at the end of the shopping trip) I can reevaluate and consider biying it. Every single time, more than half of what I desperately wanted I've forgotten about by the next day, even sometimes within 5 minutes! 
I also have a hack where I ask myself "if this were $5, would you buy it?" More often than not, I wouldn't.  Since $5 is a small and easy amount to spend, it helps me realize what I actually value vs. what just entices me in the moment.
Great video thank you!
  4. @R3al-infernus [4 likes]: I have spending addiction... When i started to feel bored, I always spend on foods and snacks, but this money was for lunch money for school, but i have worst urge to buy unnecessary snacks and foods, but I'm trying so hard to save money for school but the addiction pushes me it's like a drugs...
  5. @KatherineSong-e5o [3 likes]: I stopped myself from buying a Halloween costume. I decided I wanted to be Wednesday Addams for our Halloween costume party at work. The costume would require that I buy a dress, makeup and a wig.
I felt bad because I didn’t budget for it, so I canceled the order from Amazon and I decided I would see if I could thrift it. If not I’ll just go with my second choice which is really easy being A hippie 🥰
  6. @viiIeiraS [1 likes]: When I'm extremely stressed or emotional down, I allow myself to buy a good chocolate or ice cream.
 I think my problem with shopping is more when I'm happy and distracted.
  7. @slhspreadloveheal601 [1 likes]: Do men buy as much too?
  8. @extreme_3d97 [1 likes]: I used to spend a shit ton of money on video games/ consoles now I just am thankful of what I have I dont need a new console because I already have one and I cut it down too buying 1 new video game a month vs everyday I used too spend it on
  9. @denisesmith3952 [1 likes]: If you really have a need to spend buy some groceries that way you will buy less on your next grocery order.
  10. @rogermanley9017 [1 likes]: This video was very helpful. Thank you.
  11. @ArunasriBhavaraju [1 likes]: Hi my daughter has serve obsession of compulsive shopping .
  12. @DeborahReeder-tn4je [1 likes]: I will try the cash tip and leave the credit card at home.
  13. @angelikabronner1220 [1 likes]: What if shopping does not hurt you financially because you have lots of money
  14. @lawrencevincent1 [1 likes]: Depends on what world of sphere of spending you enter. The hardest one to let go of is the collectors syndrome. Collectors = hoarding and extremely hard to stop.
  15. @chrsitineadriaenssen6074: I am use to have debts😊
  16. @chrsitineadriaenssen6074: You are an idiot, spending is fun😊😊
  17. @chrsitineadriaenssen6074: Spending is great, no bad advice😊😊😊
  18. @Dan-di9jd: For me when I started shopping like crazy it was due to being depressed about my life but I found that I would often regret spending the money and find myself selling or getting rid of it only to regret throwing it away after spending so much money so the cycle continues. I'm trying not to do that anymore but it is a difficult battle for sure where you feel like you're going to miss out or you feel like you're on some sort of timer.
  19. @laurawalton2295: I have this disorder bad, I want to overcome it so I don’t lose my home, I am definitely going to do these things, I already was doing some of them. Wish me luck! 🍀
  20. @carolineboraghi2377: I only buy clothes when there is a special event that is coming up like a date. As for makeup I’m only reaching out for better quality products (quality over quantity) and only buying my essentials.

- How an Addicted Brain Works: Kind: captions Language: en Addiction is defined as not having control over doing, taking, using something to the point where it could be harmful to you. taking, using something to the point where it could be harmful to you. Previous to understanding the science, it was thought that addiction resulted from a lack of willpower and was a moral failing. But we now know that addiction is a physiological disease. It changes the brain's structure in ways that can alter the way it works and process information. To understand how that happens, we start by thinking about reward and the brain's natural reward system. The reward pathways primary function is to reinforce sets of behaviors. Evolutionarily, it began as a way to indicate to us the actions that help us survive are good and we should keep doing them. This is mediated through a chemical called dopamine. Following an appropriate behavior, the reward pathway releases a small burst of dopamine. That bursts of dopamine is a satisfying jolt, encouraging you to repeat the same action in the future. Dopamine will in turn also act on areas responsible for memory and movement, which helps us automatically build up memories for what is good for survival. The problem is that addictive substances hijack our natural reward system. Every substance has slightly different actions on the brain. But one thing all addictive drugs have in common is that they produce a pleasurable surge of dopamine. Addictive drugs all cause dopamine to flood the reward pathway ten times higher than a natural reward would. Over chronic use, nothing else natural is quite as rewarding. In fact, as substance use increases, the circuits adapt and reduce their sensitivity to dopamine, a phenomenon known as tolerance. For example, let's say a person takes cocaine for the first time. The reward system receives a huge burst of dopamine. But as the person takes more more frequently, cocaine will be overstimulating the brain with dopamine. This will cause the brain to adapt to these chronically high levels of dopamine. To compensate and adapt to this new normal, the brain reduces the number of dopamine receptors available in the reward system and releases less dopamine. As a result, that person will feel the need to increase the amount of drug they take so that they can reach the level of high that they're used to. But it's not just the reward system that's affected by this tolerance because dopamine is also involved in other brain mechanisms. Other brain regions involving decision making, memory and judgement also get physically disrupted as a result. The overall effect is to have drug seeking behavior driven by habit rather than conscious thought, like a reflex instead of a choice. This biological basis helps to explain why addiction really is a brain disease, not a matter of willpower. The stigma that accompanies addiction only makes seeking treatment more difficult.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pibpob4U [1 likes]: Hello, I really liked your explanation and I wanted to ask you... At the end of the video you mentioned that the stigma associated with addiction makes seeking treatment more difficult. Do you mean by the stigma associated with addiction prison sentences?And what about social judgment and the accompanying lack of psychological confidence, along with the common stigma?
  2. @BoundlessBliss-g3e: i like the beat behind the video
  3. @EllaJoostens: WAIT OMG THANKS
  4. @lesleymcpherson7394: There is another high being seen in young people with adhd and autism who reject “normal” drugs . The stigma around their sense of self has pid online addiction causes harm. The reliance on “socially acceptable” drug addiction is hugely problematic
  5. @corvidmind: is this case also work with other form of addiction?
  6. @TheNextAIgeneration: Once you have an addiction it comes back extremely fast on exposure. I abused opioids for years quit after rehab had 1 relapse after 6 years off. It’s brutal I forgot how bad it was. Stay far away if you manage to truly kick it.
  7. @Alexander-p8k1w: What Is the point of this pointless video?
  8. @JohnSanders-p7o: Our planet population is living living like one big adddict.. day to day just getting by
 When we have all the proof of where this is taking us... DOWN.
ADDICTION is a normal human behavior... from biggest to smallest level of humaness...
Most ALL of the issues with it are associated with the LAWS involved...
  9. @aanyaprimlani8508: Have you ever wondered how the world will end?

That question is called eschatology.

Eschatology is the study of the end times—
what happens after death,
the fate of humanity,
and the future of the world.

Different religions see it differently:

In Christianity and Islam, it includes judgment day, heaven, and hell.
In Hinduism and Buddhism, it’s about cycles of rebirth and liberation.
In philosophy, it asks: Does history have a final meaning?

But eschatology isn’t just about the end…

It’s about how knowing the end
changes the way we live today.

So the real question is:
If today mattered forever,
how would you live?
  10. @neuraluminate: You’re not weak; it’s your brain trying to find balance, and that’s why it never feels like enough!
  11. @mrsesmyth4809: thank you
  12. @Vid7872: It's not a disease. Thinking it's a disease will keep people trapped
  13. @TochStyle: lol came here trying to figure out how dopamine works
  14. @SIVAJISAHA-c3r: .
  15. @grandmastermario3695: Main part of addiction is that it's hard to even cut back let alone quit entirely, I'm trying to just cut back on junk food and it's hard, sometimes the cravings are ridiculously strong.
  16. @The_gambling_hillbilly: shut up am not addicted to gambling
  17. @siriush100: It's not a disease. It's not a matter or morality either. It's a developed and learned preference for intoxication. It is a freely chosen habitual behavior that has been learned to be interpreted as a compulsion. There is never a loss of control when it comes to substance use.
  18. @TheRealEffluence: This seems incorrect in a sense. When you receive a natural reward with drug induced dopamine it's even higher because you still get the burst from natural rewards and although you could consider it a brain disease if you are a disciplined person, you should be able to manage your life regardless. It's usually the young that fall deep into a rut they can't get out of as I have myself in the past and seen many do the same. I'm just lucky I bounced back with the help of God and everything else.
  19. @itsjustmereallymm: https://youtu.be/Z_YZkGpD1kk?si=uhLIA3KFDjpIQSNF
  20. @DanielFrederiksen-p6v: Power addiction problems

- What Emotional Spending Does to your Brain: Kind: captions Language: en You're stressed, overwhelmed, maybe even bored. So, you shop. Just a little treat to lift your mood. And for a moment, it works. That rush, that thrill, it feels good until it doesn't. The excitement fades, the guilt creeps in, and suddenly that treat feels more like a mistake. Sound familiar? You're not alone. Emotional spending isn't just a habit, it's a trap. Your brain is wired to crave the high, but at what cost? Let's talk about why it feels so good and how it's quietly wrecking your life. More guilt, less control until you break the cycle. We've talked a lot about how our daily habits affect mental health, from sex to social media. But one sneaky behavior we haven't fully unpacked is emotional spending. You're stressed, overwhelmed, lonely, or bored. And you just need something, anything to lift your mood. So, you shop. And it kind of works. That little thrill, that sense of control. It feels like relief. That's because every purchase triggers dopamine, the brain's feelood chemical, the same rush you get from comfort food or endless scrolling. But your brain isn't rewarding a smart purchase. It's rewarding the chase. And when the high fades, the stress, guilt, or emptiness comes rushing back, leaving you stuck in a cycle. Not just of spending, but of chasing a feeling that never truly lasts. Maybe you've asked yourself, "Why do I keep buying things I don't need? Am I just weak?" The answer is no. This isn't about willpower. Emotional spending is a psychological pattern, and it's designed to pull you in. Your mood, stress levels, and even your sense of identity influence what you buy and when. Some people justify it as a harmless pickme up. Others don't even realize they're trapped in the cycle until they're kneedeep in packages and drowning in regret. And that's the problem. What feels like a quick fix is actually making things worse. More spending, more guilt, less control. But here's the good news. You can break free. We'll talk about how to do that later, so stick around until the end. First, let's take a closer look at how emotional spending is quietly taking control of your life. Spending can feel irresistible because your brain is wired to crave that dopamine hit. It's not just about buying things. Even browsing or adding items to your cart can give you a quick boost of pleasure. At first, it seems harmless, like a little treat after a stressful day. But over time, the high fades faster. And suddenly, one purchase isn't enough. Without realizing it, you start chasing that feeling, linking emotional relief to spending instead of addressing the real problem, stress, loneliness, or boredom. That's how emotional spending quietly becomes a habit, making it harder to stop. It's not just about dopamine, though. Spending can feel like control. When life feels chaotic or out of control, making a purchase gives a temporary sense of agency. But stress actually weakens self-control, making impulse shopping even more tempting. The real issue: shopping is often a way to avoid emotions rather than processing them. Instead of dealing with tough feelings, you train your brain to seek relief through spending. Over time, this weakens emotional resilience, leaving you caught in a cycle where spending becomes a crutch rather than a choice. And then there's the financial burden, debt, anxiety, and the stress of feeling like you're working hard but never getting ahead. This cycle can be broken. Like most unhealthy habits, once you understand how your brain is wired, you can start rewiring it. Every time you pause, get curious, or choose a different way to cope, you're taking back your power. And the best part, you don't have to quit spending entirely. You just need to shift how and why you do it. Create space between impulse and action. When the urge to buy hits, don't shut it down. Just pause and ask yourself, "Do I really want this? Do I really need this? Or am I chasing a quick mood boost?" Even a few seconds of awareness can break the autopilot habit. If unsure, wait 24 hours. Most urges fade, and if they don't, you'll know it's something you truly value. But awareness alone isn't enough. You need something else to replace that dopamine rush. Shopping gives you a sense of control, relief, or excitement. So, what else can give you that? movement, creativity, connection, or even just stepping outside can shift your mood in the same way. If stress is your trigger, focus on stress relief. If it's boredom, find something engaging. The key isn't to just stop spending. It's to find other ways to meet the emotional needs behind it. Going cold turkey rarely works. It just makes you feel restricted. Instead, set small, flexible rules. Maybe you create a fun money budget so you can still enjoy spending but with intention. Or make a wish list and wait a week before buying anything on it. The goal isn't to remove joy from shopping. It's to make sure what you buy actually adds to your life rather than leaving you with guilt or regret. The more you shift from impulse to intention, the more control you gain. Not just over your spending, but over your emotions. This isn't about willpower. It's about understanding yourself. So next time that urge to shop hit, take a breath. You have the power to choose. And that's worth more than anything money can buy. So what's the takeaway? Emotional spending isn't just a bad habit. It's a coping mechanism wired into your brain. It offers comfort and control, but often leaves you feeling emptier. Your brain craves dopamine, but real peace doesn't come from another click or swipe. It comes from within. And here's the thing. Nobody's perfect. We all have ways of coping. Some healthier than others. What matters most isn't perfection, but intention. You don't have to change everything overnight. Just begin with one small intentional choice at a time. Maybe today that means pausing a purchase. Maybe tomorrow it means finding a new way to lift your mood. Little by little, those choices add up. If this video gave you a moment of clarity, let us know in the comments. And if you're working on your relationship with money, remember you're not alone. We're all figuring it out together. On a closing note, for those who are interested in animating for Psych to Go or being involved with our community, you can check the description box for more details.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamTyler-g5j [2 likes]: Nothing material can satisfy you, love is also not physical
  2. @epiclightning10 [1 likes]: Another money trap tough to break
  3. @BrianMitchell-i5d: I’ve been chasing too many ideas at once and not committing to anything.
  4. @NathanMoore589: Is “buy and hold” still valid in today’s fast-changing markets?
  5. @DracoMilitar: How do you personally stay consistent when the market becomes unpredictable?
  6. @SulamitaPorcallo-e9x: I’ve been trying to stay disciplined but I keep slipping when things don’t go as expected.
  7. @IseelaChurape: What would you say is more important: timing the market or time in the market?
  8. @brownibes: 5:46 xie lian!!!
  9. @gizlihesap1567: Never seek pleasure for it s own sake
  10. @mo-0304: Love the simple tips here. Feels like building the same discipline Buyers Desire talks about — slowing down before buying.
  11. @kanatapaw: thank you for highlighting this topic,
  12. @billybrj6765: I used to have stress buying behaviour whenever I'm stressed out. But I managed to rewire my brain to eat rather than buying things instead. I am now overweight and a stress eater, but its fine as long as my pocket is loaded 😊
  13. @JustInDisney: I’m a 13 w/ no money 😢
  14. @trekmonster91: @Psych2go It seems like there are a lot of similarities between emotional spending and porn addiction. I struggle with the latter, my wife struggles with the topic of this video. What are you thoughts or insights into how they are similar and how can we find ways to help each other find common ground to heal and nurture each other moving forward. I absolutely love your content, thank you for everything.
  15. @Brandonyu-p5l: Stop talking bout me la . U hypocrite. If it make u happy is ok. To enjoy sometimes
  16. @unicornofatlantis: I hate when emotional spending comes with intention. I've spent a lot to start a garden and learn crochet. I dont have any hobbies besides gaming, and I don't get to go out with friends. At least I researched purchases and found the ones that gave me more bang for my buck at the same quality.
  17. @CLA82529: damn I'm 5 days too late.
  18. @Mouly-m2h: Thank you so much 😊
  19. @dimzx5845: Whenever I watch these videos it makes me feel like the aliens beamed me up and dissected my brain, then sent this video in my suggestions. In a comedic way.
  20. @M._.M_____7000: I know this video probably talks exclusively about emotional spending, but I’ve had a similar problem before, but not with spending ‘money’ as much as it was of spending ‘time’. It was more like avoiding my feelings and problems by watching tv shows or reading webcomics, most of the time I read stuff that I would normally find to be boring or stupid, and I could still binge watch 2-3 of those cliché-filled shows a day, it was really pretty bad.. I didn’t even enjoy most of it, just watched for the sake of that quick easy dopamine.
I’m now thankfully out of that cycle, but I spent some of my most important years stuck there. I’m writing this for those who’re still there, If you find yourself too immersed and obsessed with content you don’t even enjoy, beware!

- Hedonic Adaptation | Why You'll Never Have Enough In Life: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone it never is enough is it you graduate college you're hired at your dream job you get that big bonus you move to a new city you buy that new fancy phone but once the initial excitement passes you realize you aren't any happier than you were before there's a psychological reason for this called hedonic adaptation and it has a greater life message i think we can all take something from hedonic adaptation is the concept that no matter what happens to you good or bad you will always return to your baseline of happiness this is why it's also known as a treadmill because we always end up in the same place the model for this idea looks like this fail the test it will make you unhappy at first but eventually you'll return to your baseline of happiness bought a new house you'll start off super happy but still over time you'll end up back to your baseline this baseline of happiness is different for everyone and researchers believe it is determined 50 by genetics 10 by personal circumstances and 40 percent by you and it is unlikely to change too much psychologists have been looking at hedonic adaptation for a long time and has been shown even in extreme examples one study looked at a group of lottery winners and a group of people who had just suffered an accident and were now paralyzed they found that after a long period neither group was necessarily happier than the other they returned to a baseline of happiness over time after their initial delight and despair i know these results are super surprising as these are life-changing events but can show the power of this effect hedonic adaptation can explain why it seems like we're always chasing the next big thing and can impact the way we find happiness in our lives no matter what happens it has been psychologically proven that over time we will more or less come back to our same happiness baseline at first this might seem disappointing but at least to me there is great comfort in knowing that everything in life passes positive or negative our brains make it this way and we can't help it so live more in the moment enjoy the ride and stop chasing that next big thing have any thoughts on this leave them in the comments below thanks for watching and i'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @samrandomguy4864 [48 likes]: "You are going to be okay, not because I told you so, but because 'okay' is where we'll all end up."
  2. @high-reshallucinations [7 likes]: I appreciate the idea of hedonic adaptation, I think it's often used as an excuse to justify complacency. The notion that we always return to a "baseline" of happiness can actually discourage people from pursuing bigger dreams or taking risks. Sure, adapting is part of life, but isn't it also about growth and change? If we accept that nothing can elevate our happiness in a lasting way, it feels like we’re just settling. Maybe instead of focusing on maintaining a happiness baseline, we should aim to redefine and continuously raise what that baseline can be through meaningful goals and experiences.
  3. @SHEisHEISENBERG [3 likes]: This hit home.
Hedonic adaptation will have you thinking you’re empty even when your hands are full. It’s wild how fast we normalize our blessings and start chasing the next upgrade like joy is a moving target.

Thank you, MindfulThinks, for breaking this down so clearly.
Real peace comes when we pause long enough to appreciate what already is instead of sprinting after what’s next. 🙏🏾✨
  4. @TexasDoodle [3 likes]: Now i need to win the lottery to test this 

😂
  5. @SimonNgai-d3u [3 likes]: There was a time when I have worked my ass to make more money and archive more but I didn't know why. 
Turns out I found that it wasn't wrong to wanna make lots of money but reasoning behind is so much different - it's basically buying myself freedom to do I things I really want, like playing a just $1k pre-owned Gibson guitar, which has always been my spirtual food. When I think carefully, the things that really make you TRULY happy have always been around me.
Also, I found that finding meaning in work is also as important as hobbies. It's cliche but it's true and it keeps me awake everyday.
  6. @divyankashaw583 [1 likes]: an academic and co-scholastic overachiever who failed her test for the first time ultimately resulting to being abandoned by her family, this felt like a warm hug. thankyou.
  7. @TonyTone1 [1 likes]: This Hedonic Adaptation sound like a drug addict chasing the next big high or fix.
  8. @victorfranca85 [1 likes]: Were the tests done in Massachusetts?
  9. @juanpedro5579: I agree with the 90% of the message except about chasing the next big thing. Personally, I do not stop, but I do slow down in chasing the next big thing.
  10. @MuhammadBaloch__730: That's why Allah says , if you do shukar on what you have, I will give more, I you don't then my trial is tough
  11. @jyn9549: Imo, I think this theory is a bit of an overgeneralization. There are many of instances where people spiral into depression and ultimately never recover, or vice versa when there's a personal transformation that permanently changes someone's happiness for the better.
  12. @aishaarij1495: im wondering how someone’s grief and/or trauma impact this
  13. @민간요법-z4p: The first time I ate that expansive ice cream, it was incredible. But the second time, it wasn't the same flavor that I had before. It made me sad and search about this phenomenon. And I found this video! I'm glad to hear that we can go back to the baseline even if we are in a negative situation!
  14. @billyb4790: 10% circumstances ??  Uh ok…
  15. @hridaymehta5782: One must imagine Sisyphus was happy
  16. @grimtune7858: spirituality, knowing your inner self.. gratitude for the present moment which is the only moment you'll ever have is the answer.
  17. @gotdirt66: So how can we change our base line of happiness?
  18. @beiyongzui: Wait "stop chasing the next big thing"? After you said our brain makes the adaptation? Our brain tells us to chase the next big thing dude this is why it keeps it leveled over and over again. Move it or die.
  19. @gastroacid1971: Why comparing yourself to people below you is always helpful.
  20. @Feelmetal: tldr theres no point

- Would winning the lottery make you happier? - Raj Raghunathan: Kind: captions Language: en Will winning the lottery make you happier? Imagine winning a multi-million dollar lottery tomorrow. If you're like many of us, you'd be ecstatic, unable to believe your good luck. But would that joy still be there a few years later? Maybe not. A famous study of 22 lottery winners showed that months after winning, their average reported levels of happiness had increased no more than that of a control group who hadn't won the lottery. Some were actually unhappier than they had been before winning. And later studies have confirmed that our emotional well-being, how often and how intensely we feel things like joy, sorrow, anxiety, or anger, don't seem to improve with wealth or status beyond a certain point. This has to do with a phenomenon known as hedonic adaptation, or the hedonic treadmill. It describes our tendency to adapt to new situations to maintain a stable emotional equilibrium. When it comes to feeling happy, most of us seem to have a base level that stays more or less constant throughout our existence. Of course, the novelty of better food, superior vacations, and more beautiful homes can at first make you feel like you're walking on air, but as you get used to those things, you revert to your default emotional state. That might sound pretty gloomy, but hedonic adaptation makes us less emotionally sensitive to any kind of change, including negative ones. The study with the lottery winners also looked at people who had suffered an accident that left them paralyzed. When asked several months after their accidents how happy they were, they reported levels of happiness approaching their original baseline. So while the hedonic treadmill may inhibit our enjoyment of positive changes, it seems to also enable our resilience in recovering from adversity. There are other reasons that winning the lottery may not make us happier in the long run. It can be difficult to manage large sums of money, and some lottery winners wind up spending or losing it all quickly. It can also be socially isolating. Some winners experience a deluge of unwelcome requests for money, so they wind up cutting themselves off from others. And wealth may actually make us meaner. In one study, participants played a rigged game of monopoly where the experimenters made some players rich quickly. The wealthy players started patronizing the poorer players and hogging the snacks they were meant to share. But just because a huge influx of cash isn't guaranteed to bring joy into your life doesn't mean that money can never make us happier. Findings show that we adapt to extrinsic and material things, like a new car or a bigger house, much faster than we do to novel experiences, like visiting a new place or learning a new skill. So by that reasoning, the more you spend money on experiences rather than things, the happier you'd be. And there's another way to turn your money into happiness: spend it on other people. In one study, participants were given some money and were either asked to spend it on themselves or on someone else. Later that evening, researchers called up these participants and asked them how happy they were. The happiness levels of those who had spent the money on others were significantly greater than that of those who had spent it on themselves. And that seems to be true around the world. Another study examined the generosity of over 200,000 people from 136 countries. In over 90% of these countries, people who donated tended to be happier than those who didn't. But this may all be easier said than done. Let's say a million dollars falls into your lap tomorrow. What do you do with it?

  Top Comments:
  1. @SPAMMERALERTTAKECOVER [1 likes]: 1:00  lil bro thinks he is in a edit
  2. @kevinmagtalas3253: 🫳🏽🙂♻️
  3. @gmoys: I'm already rich but thanks for the additional money
  4. @김주헌-f4e: I am sure that Raj Raghunathan's friend won the lottery, he wants his friend spends that money for him.
  5. @CNFat: Does anyone know what software is used to create this animation?
  6. @frazhier: Pay my mom's mortgage, budget/invest the rest on dividend paying stocks
  7. @TexasDoodle: More freedom to try thing's to make you happier
  8. @Personpassing: I would like to participate in a survey where they give us money to spend or donate. There’s no loss
  9. @dutyofcivility: Maybe lottery players can sign an advanced directive of sorts--making decisions in a sober and calm moment, well before winning.
  10. @josedelapinio: Money wont make me happy, but it can buy me a boat!
  11. @xavihernandes8262: That's why islam made compulsory for every muslim to pay zakat(donate 2% of their money to the needfull)
  12. @pagadess: ALL ON THE BLACM
  13. @LeanneGodfried-jp5uh: A million dollar? That’s it? Buying a home will more than take half of that instantly. And the rest will be gone with paying off the student loan and car payment. But I guess that is not bad. To be debt free for these major items.
  14. @jontague1: I’d rather cry in a Porsche than in a Honda.
  15. @전업투자자의길: Money is crucial in our life. So if money is lacking, we will be difficult to live. But i don't think just because someone has super rich money, someone will live happy life
  16. @mr.hypro_max5220: but the thing about is that if u have small house low income looks bad that gives more opportunities to be unhappier than those who has big house fine income look nice
  17. @mrhoho: Well. you're feel free to toss me that leftover lottery which makes you unhappy.
  18. @EmmettLBrown2015: I wish I could win the lottery, I would have the girl of my dreams, I would have everything I ever wanted...
  19. @TheEpicBugBoy: DAAWG THE MUSIC BACKGROUND IS A BAANGEERRR
  20. @KlaKarch3002: This is the same reason some people rush into marriage; they have high expectations, ignore the side effects that may come with it, and think it will automatically bring them happiness, probably forever. It’s like the saying, "The grass is always greener on the other side."