- How to Treat Compulsive Shopping: Kind: captions Language: en hi i'm matt terrell of uncommon knowledge and welcome to how to treat compulsive shopping five steps to help your client escape the spending trap oscar wilde said i can resist anything except temptation it is easy to resist temptation when it's not there we can all eat sparingly and avoid refined sugar when we're stuck on a desert island now you might if you're as ancient as me recall those distant digitally unsimulating times before you can access your bank account at 2 am and smash the cache with a mere flick of your avaricious index finger and actually i'm so ancient i can recall not being able to shop on a sunday that's right actually not being able to buy stuff you know some shops didn't open all day which is a kind of historical horror story to tell young folk but now of course we have the luxury of being able to send ourselves to the verge of bankruptcy without the inconvenience of having to wait for these stores to open i suspect this increased opportunity and ease of spending is the reason compulsive buying has increased it does seem that it's more of a problem for young women if we check out reference one of the written article for this and reports estimate that it may affect around five percent of people in industrialized countries so shopping addiction compulsive shopping this may may not sound huge but it amounts to many millions of people who can't control their spending so take june i'll call her a client for example so june came to see me for a film session for uncommon practitioners tv and for almost two years she'd been coming home from work sitting on the couch and surfing for bargains and if you've seen the session you'll know she was spending up to a thousand pounds a month on anything and everything including nail varnish cleaning products stationery and shoes stuff that she didn't even particularly need i asked her where the buzz was and she told me she got a thrill from hunting for a bargain and a second buzz when the items were actually delivered to her home okay so it was a double dopamine hit but she got no pleasure from actually owning the items themselves in fact for the most part she didn't even seem to use them okay so it was purely the buzz of hunting and getting a bargain and having the goods delivered they were good for cultivating cobwebs and not much else these products she didn't use them the problem had in some ways changed over time as well she told me that she never used to send shoes that didn't fit her back but now she did send them back because she she's becoming more aware of her financial situation so the pattern had changed a bit i asked her what else her hard-earned money might be used for other than compulsive shopping and she told me she could spend it on her grandchildren or use it for experiences rather than just for diminishing the storage space in her home so here are five ways i helped june that you might find useful when treating clients not just for compulsive shopping but for any compulsive behavior in fact so number one when did it start and what is the need that it's trying to fulfill so june's bank account had been leaking cash through these splurges for three or four times a week for around two years so i asked her you know what happened two years ago and she told me that she'd begun to compulsively shop around that time uh when she'd started a new job so i asked her about the job and she told me it was extremely stressful and involved some horrible things but she couldn't tell me about or anyone about for confidential reasons so when i asked her if she tranced out or escaped when shopping she said that she did she really sort of recognized that always ask when out of control spending began and what if anything changed during that time so often a problem pattern is a sloppy and unconscious way of trying to meet a primal emotional need it's an unconscious attempt that you know trying to meet a need in june's case it provided a sense of escape from the realities of her job and a fleeting sense of meaning and excitement surfing for bargains felt meaningful because it felt as if she was completing a hunt or making a killing so to speak but what other needs might compulsive shopping be sloppily trying to fulfill number two what missing needs is the behavior seeming to meet so june told me without my even having to ask what she felt she knew was missing in her life i need to be connected to people more and also nature she said so we talked about how she might meet those needs in more legitimate ways because certainly june needed something real and fulfilling to replace the gap in her life that not compulsively shopping would create so once we got a sense of what might be missing and how the compulsive behavior might be hijacking that need then we can begin to work with our clients to find healthier and in june's case cheaper ways of meeting those needs so next we need to know exactly how the problem works so number three teach me how to do your problem so when working with any compulsive behavior i want to know what when it happens for how long and what makes it stop think about it this way why don't people just binge or spend forever what gives first energy levels stomach capacity bank balance or does the enjoyment finally evaporate so why does any behavior stop we need to help the client help us understand their problem to the extent that we could do it as well so to speak so we do this by asking them for the specific steps of the pattern in order almost as though asking for instructions how to do something and this does two things you know firstly it helps the client inhabit their observing self to see the pattern from the outside as it were and thereby begin to gain some distance from it start to detach from it a bit it also gives you the practitioner steps to use when doing inner work with your clients such as mindfulness or hypnosis in june's case i had her access each step hypnotically then i asked her to run the pattern out of order so we could begin to derail the pattern so helping the client detach from the problem pattern is really important and we can go further in that regard as well so number four remove the problem from the client's core identity as when treating any addiction we can begin to de-familiarize the compulsive shopping by placing it firmly outside of and separate from who the client is essentially it's much easier to detach from a behavior when it feels alien from who we really are so if a person wraps up their whole identity in being an addict how can they ever leave addiction behind because it's who they are the addiction has nested within their core identity to the extent that it's become who they are and we need to help extricate the pattern from the person so we might ask our client how the behavior pattern cons them into handing over their health or their cash or as with smoking for example sometimes their very life how does it con them how does it convince them our language then externalizes the pattern how does smoking lie to you what tricks does gambling play on you to convince you to throw money away how do massive corporations get you to finance their profits for nothing real in return how does that happen the use of metaphor can make this even more powerful and is perhaps one primary use of storytelling through the ages so with june i helped her detach from the pattern by suggesting that she had had enough of being pushed around electronically that she could bypass the muggers the pop-ups and stand up to see through all the manipulative sales techniques okay i used the age-old metaphor of the siren call suggesting that her bank account was being punctured and we need to stop the leak i also suggested rather bluntly that she no longer had to support huge online corporations they'd survive without her charitable donations as i framed them ultimately i wanted to detach june enough so that she could feel a sense of control in the moment each time it the out-of-control spending threatened to push her around into another needless purchase we can also use a bit of time travel so tip number five give them a sense of future past so i like to evoke that sense i think that we've all had of looking back at something and wondering what on earth did i see in her or him or why did that seem so important to me at the time it seems like nothing now so something or someone that seemed like the world impossibly attractive or compelling can come to seem in hindsight to be hardly worth any attention at all so most people have experienced something of this or at least understand the pattern of that so towards the end of the film session with june i evoked that pattern with her then had her hypnotically progress to a future point and looked back from that distant future and the out of control spending that used to play her as though it was something she'd left behind a long time ago as if how could i possibly have done that in this way we can help give the client a sense of having been free of the problem for a long time to the point where it feels normal to be free of it and they can barely understand how they ever did it at all and we could do this hypnotically so temptation is all around but when it subverts the fulfillment of our real needs and lays our potential to waste we need to find ways to master our impulses and we need to help our clients do the same so i hope you found that useful and if you did please hit like and subscribe and if you want to hear when my next video is published hit the notification bell below i'm martial of uncommon knowledge and if you'd like to subscribe to my email newsletter you can find it over at unc.com that's unk.com blog and thanks for watching [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Roscoethecat [7 likes]: My mother spent thousands of dollars buying junk out of catalogs.  Money she didn't have.  She got a six figure settlement as a result of a car accident.  That money was gone in six months. It finally stopped when she went into a nursing home.
  2. @randyrogers8568 [5 likes]: My ex-wife was a compulsive spender.  She spent the last five years of her life, broke, bedridden and suffering dementia.  She spent her hours watching QVC dreaming of all the things she wanted to buy but disappointed that she no longer had any money all.
  3. @glenandfriends9012 [4 likes]: Coupled with OCD Shopping is OCD getting rid of an item to create a reason to buy the exact same item, even when what you have works, isn't ugly, is just as clean and functioning as new item (e.g. get rid of a coffee table to buy another)
  4. @ginahanley5548 [2 likes]: My mother had a shopping addiction. She recently passed away and my brother and I are trying to sort through over 10,000 articles of clothing, and over 10,000 jewelry pieces worth $$$$$$$.  In the meantime, I have been struggling to put food on my table, pay my bills and live in a trailer park. I've always been good to my mom and had a good relationship, but she never offered to help me (I didn't ask) but instead chose to buy things.
  5. @MarkTyrrellUnk [1 likes]: 👉 Grab Your Free Therapist’s Toolkit
Get instant access to 40+ therapy worksheets, 5 eBooks, selected free hypnosis downloads, and more in our free app:
https://uncommonmail.com/worksheets-blog
  6. @deariedear88 [1 likes]: online shopping and convenience fast delivery made it worse
  7. @blanca-rodriquez [1 likes]: I've been a compulsive shopper for years, it is my longest addiction, the dopamine rush, the exciting moment, im so tired of it, im working on it, im here
  8. @nearly_reckless_nick [1 likes]: One problem with detaching your core identity from compulsive shopping is when it is tied to your primary social engagement and interpersonal connections. For example, if you see yourself as a member of a fandom or collector’s community, like the LEGO community, and you socialize in online forums or on YouTube with like-minded people, you may feel that you only stay with the group as long as you partake in acquiring new merchandise.
  9. @ericjones3146 [1 likes]: For me it feels like a hunter gatherer urge I am fulfilling. I hunt for the items and then I gather them. In caveman days this would probably serve me better. Today it takes up space and cost me money.
  10. @eriel7 [1 likes]: this was so eye opening
  11. @Lolli-n3x [1 likes]: My mother was a shopaholic and almost made me a shopaholic. 1 thing I did was to when I went shopping I would make list of what I liked and the price and then I would go home. if The rest of the week I kept thinking about that item that I could use it or would go in my wardrobe then I'd go out back and buy it.1 thing I realized was I didn't go back anything.
  12. @user-te7zz8mv3x [1 likes]: years ago when i first started working, i noticed that i compulsively bought books and cds!  i caught myself luckily and managed to talk myself out of such rash expenditures.  now 35 years later i find myself hoarding notebooks for journaling and boxes of materials for crafting!  

thanks for your tips.  i will explore the underlying problem and hopefully make use of my journals 😜
  13. @flufftronable: Sites like Vinted exasperate this.
  14. @clarkmay4819: The waste factor never seems to be a consideration to these people. They don't care about how the materials and resources that went into the items that they don't even use are totally wasted. It's pure selfishness.
  15. @StinglikeaBea: Hi Mark. How can I get in touch with you as I would like to get some help. I am very similar to June. I have started compulsive buy due to a traumatic event. Although alot of the stuff I buy is for work I do purchase stuff for myself that I really dont need.  Now I have this overwhelming sense of guilt.
  16. @aliciabodington: How can I fix my issues that I don’t know my purpose?
  17. @ewanski0848: Caffeine is a trigger for me, after my morning coffee I used to go online and buy gadgets I don't need.
  18. @darkshadowsx5949: there's been very few weeks in the last 6-8 years that i haven't bought something on either amazon, ebay, or alliexpress. 
the vast majority of it is things for projects i came up with to alleviate boredom. i haven't really struggled financially with it. its just been difficult to save money. 

i've been having to automatically transfer funds from a checking account to a savings just to get it out of the firing line of my troublesome index finger and its clicky mouse friend.
but that's not enough to starve off the beast. i dont increase the auto transfer amount when i get a raise so the gap between savings and spending money widens.
  19. @kendoug5722: Just like buying car parts and project cars
  20. @DawndPsalm91_1-16: My sister filed bankruptcy twice and she’s a flight attendant that makes alot of money.  It all goes back to CPTSD.  I’m so guilty of it and ashamed

- How to Stop Shopping | Shopping Addictions and How I Overcame Mine: Kind: captions Language: en how I stopped shopping and specifically how I went from having a shopping addiction to being somebody that rarely buys new clothes I found it really hard to find structured information about buying addictions it's kind of something we're just like oh she likes to go shopping hahahha it's normal and maybe because it's something that isn't entirely frowned down upon or taken seriously it's something that affects way more people than we would expect here are some telltale signs that you might have a shopping addiction frequently shopping impulsively and feeling an urge to buy even when you don't need anything spending beyond your means accumulating debt or hiding purchases to avoid Financial judgment shopping to relieve stress anxiety or sadness often using it as a coping mechanism constantly thinking about shopping sales or finding the next purchase feeling guilty or regretful after making purchases and repeating this Behavior struggling to cut back on shopping despite attempts to limit purchases I was supposed to be the last person that should have developed a shopping addiction and yet there we were I Come From A working class background like very humble beginnings and once I started working I had to try to get away from when you grow up not having anything you are so afraid to go back to that that you don't end up enjoying your life you don't end up spending on anything you don't end up on going out ever every little thing that you do with with regards to spending or enjoying ends up being something that weighs really heavily on you that was me when I first moved to Italy and that was me when I first graduated and because I said to myself that you know the whole scarcity mentality isn't healthy I need to get into a mentality where I am treating myself I am giving to myself because you know you only live once I would say that I hit my Peak shopping Addiction in like 2021 2020 because because I was now earning very well and I had been earning very well consistently for like ever since I had graduated I had quite a bit saved up and as I said I'm like it's not healthy for me to not spend any of my money I need to spend I need to live I should also cue the kind of work that I was doing now at this point I was working for a startup and I was also doing my content creation influencing on the side and the one in the office was very luxury adjacent I was working for a lot of luxury clients in the automotive fashion Hospitality sectors and then my influencing career we'll say was also very focused around like fashion and beauty and buying so it it's kind of just like the perfect storm at the perfect time we had just gone through the really traumatic experience of covid I went through covid in Milan as I said I was earning well I didn't have the chance to spend this money during Co so I had quite a bit of savings and then the Char on top was that especially influencing was a job that enabled and kind of encouraged me that I should be spending I need to look good when I go to these events I need product so that I can make content and furthermore there's even like a whole tax write-off situation when you're a lifestyle influencer so I was even incentivized from a tax perspective to spend more and so one thing led to another I went from being afraid and feeling ashamed for spending things to spend things without thinking about them and still feeling ashamed after spending them I was shopping like big shopping spree at least once a month once every two months thankfully I wasn't spending beyond my means it wasn't getting to the point where I was taking on debt but I was definitely like spending a significant portion of my income on clothes money that could have been saved money that could have been invested and I would justify it I would always justify it with like I want to buy higher quality things so I don't need to throw them away which kind of is true or I just had a really stressful week I need to treat myself which that's another thing you need to watch out for when you're shopping to feel something whether it's to feel less stressed or it's to feel like you're treating yourself shopping and buying clothes shouldn't be done to feel some sort of emotion or feeling even because at least in my experience experience it never leads you to feel a good emotion and I Justified it by saying that I was trying to find my personal style I would say that I need to buy this new thing because I needed to recreate this look I'm going to find my style through shopping and putting together pieces New pieces when that's not actually how you find your personal style you probably don't need to buy even one other thing to really Define and enjoy your own personal style a lot of the stores that I was shopping at and specifically here in Italy they don't always do returns so once you bought it you just have to deal with the fact that you just wasted that money there's no getting the money back and so then it goes into your closet and it sits there until you do your next comu armadio and then it's like the Vicious Cycle just repeats itself I just looked at myself and I was just like what am I doing this doesn't make sense that point for me was when I moved into my new apartment like I had just spent so much time and stress to acquire this apartment get into this apartment renovate this apartment and then when I had to move 7 years worth of clothes to this new apartment that was when I realized the depths of my issue and furthermore I didn't want to tarnish this new start this new space that I had worked so hard on with this old uh baggage quite literally I didn't want to get into that situation again so that that brings us into the actual point of the video I guess which is the Practical steps that I started doing little by little to stop shopping to go from spending insane amounts of money for literally no reason to not doing that anymore step one was I actually changed how I brought clothes and the way that I did this was first of all I had to work on impulse control stopped shopping online that was one thing and I Justified this by saying and it was truthfully that it's actually quite difficult for me to buy things online they rarely fit the way that they're supposed to fit also living in Italy a lot of the cute shops are not in the EU and then we have to pay like tariffs on top of them so I used all of these excuses to tell myself that I should only be shopping in person and so then once it I got it down to only shopping in person now it was I should only be shopping during sales Justified that one by saying like how many times has it happened that I've bought something for full price just for me to find it again at the sale at half price that just makes you feel stupid so that was one of the ways that I was like only shop during the sales don't go outside needlessly I had to limit the amount of contact that I had with both digital and physical stores to just not even put me in that situation to give in an Impulse I started adopting more healthy Hobbies so that's where my fitness journey kind of came in I started going to fitbox like three times a week then I now am subscribed to the gym and any free time that I have whether it be in the morning or like the end of the workday rather than go take a walk down Victorio Emmanuel and put myself in a dangerous position I will just go to the gym it was feeling that void and trying to get those feelings of like stress relief uh from someplace else that was a bit more productive once I actually would step foot into the stores I really started to put into practice the whole wishless concept of okay let me see if I still want this in a week or two and usually I didn't so that also helped to curb the impulse and just putting me in a situation where I would want to shop I would start paying attention a lot more attention to the materials and makeup of clothes because I would just see something that was kind of cute but then once I take a closer look at the materials it's all acrylic it's all synthetic I know that it's not going to last I touch it and it feels gross just from my fingers right there imagine this on my skin so once I started learning more about the materials of clothes and how clothes are supposed to feel and what functions they're supposed to serve like varying materials that was something that curbed my shopping of quite a bit and the last thing that made me change the way that I bought clothes was just accepting my financial and also spatial limits like I said my house is really small if I fill it up with stuff it's going to be fluttered and feel uncomfortable to me and I just can't get over the fact that again I put so much work and dedication into my house that I wouldn't forgive myself if I just ruined it by filling it up with clothes you have to understand what kind of reverse psychology to do to yourself to make yourself start thinking of things in the right way you don't have space to buy this huge jacket leave the jacket you don't have space for this extra pair of shoes leave the shoes I don't have space so I can't buy this thing and furthermore I started getting back to like just really strict no spend and low spend periods where I said okay I'm giving myself €100 I'm budgeting myself €100 for shopping this month which in my opinion is even too much but these kinds of things forced me to change the way that I shopped in terms of frequency in terms of motive and also in terms of like just putting in boundaries to guide that shopping the second thing that I did to help me stop shopping was I did some deep declutters like I said that first big declutter was with my first move but even once I got into the new house I still had to do a few more I'd say like it took two CIO armadi for me to get to a position where I had sheared down to the things that made sense I threw out a lot of stuff but I don't throw things out anymore like I don't throw something out unless M I haven't worn it for like 4 years and by now I have a closet where that hasn't happened all of the clothes that I have I've worn at least once in the past 4 years it has happened to me countless times where I would throw something out or donate something because I didn't feel it was still fashion I didn't feel like it still represented me just for 2 years later that thing to be in fashion and representing me so while on the one hand the huge declutters were necessary to get to a place where I had a manageable quantity of things a place where you know I could actually see the shoes in my closet where things weren't overflowing and squished but I did it over a long enough amount of time for me to understand what I truly didn't need and what I just didn't need in this moment and I think that it's a fine line to draw but it's a line that you have to draw so that you strike that balance a lot of this journey has been just about finding the right balance between the two extremes of I need to throw all of my stuff away and then regretting that you did that intentionally get rid of and intentionally keep your clothes another aspect of my declutters that I think helped me to stop shopping is that I developed storage and organization techniques and I stuck to them it's not always perfect I do change them around sometimes but for example no matter how I'm organizing my shoes it needs to be in such a way that I see most of them which is hard because you need space to be able to see your shoes I don't have a walk-in closet but I found a way that allowed me to maximize seeing my shoes and also storing them in a way where they're not getting like deformed or messed up from exist in in keeping this organization it takes a lot for me to add something to my closet because I don't really have space to add something else without messing up my whole storage system so developing an organizational and storage technique for my closet space and just sticking to it was another thing that helped me declutter and then stopped buying just to conclude I guess it was really all just about maximizing the space that I had in my closet and again excepting when there's just no more space try to really adhere to the onein one out rule with regards to your space and your stuff don't bring anything new into your home or your closet unless you're going to part ways with something old and when you're thinking about parting ways with something old I think about do I really need to throw this away like is it falling apart is it unsavable like is this unwearable now I think about where it's going to end up because truthfully a lot of the clothes that you are donating or throwing away actually just end up in Africa there's no um other way to around it it ends up in Africa West Africa in a landfill for me even that in of itself is another reason that makes it really hard for me to get rid of clothes I'd rather keep it until until I can use it as a rag and the final macro area with regards to techniques that allowed me to St shopping is I learned the basics of personal styling I learned the basics of wearing one piece of clothes in multiple ways styling it in different ways I learned how to mix and match your Basics with your styling pieces the difference and function between Basics and statement pieces feel like a lot of people feel like they're on the hunt for the perfect basic and before you know it you have a closet full of Basics and you can't really do much with them all I had in my closet or you know my white t-shirts and my jeans and I didn't really have anything to Spruce them up with I follow this one YouTuber named Christina Micah you guys have probably heard of her and she talks about her closet being a pyramid where at the base you have your Basics and then at the top you have your Trends you're supposed to have the fewest amount of like trendy pieces and the most amount of Basics thinking about that triangle and just being very intentional about like the kinds of pieces that you have in your closet and putting them together mixing and matching them to have like cool outfits was one thing that also helped me to stop shopping because I learned how to style outfits in a numerous infinite amount of ways I learned what I like to see on myself and what I didn't like to see on myself which I think is another thing so now when I go into the stores honestly most of the things that they are suggesting I don't even like to see on myself truthfully they don't look good on me I don't have that tall slender body type that a lot of the the clothes in Europe is really targeting so once I knew the types of clothes that I like to see on myself it allowed me to be a lot more intentional and a lot more picky with the clothes that I was buying uh in those occasions that I would be buying them and the final component to learning a bit about personal styling is just understanding the power of Pinterest and learning how to take inspiration from things not necessarily copy but understanding how to make my own version of the things that I see how to make my own interpretations of the things that I see I have Muses now that I didn't have before I have people that I follow that kind of remind me of myself whether it be in stature whether it be in attitude and literally I take inspiration I see the things that they do and they wear and I just take little pieces from here and there and I put them all together and I say how does this make me feel what do I like I adapt it to make myself like it and before you know it you have something that is Tia it is Tia that is my story about how I went from shopping addiction to stopping shopping it's a topic that I definitely think should be taken more seriously and talked about more but at the same time I'm so happy to see that there is a large uptick in interest and in content about being more mindful about the way you shop being more intentional about the money that you're spending on your clothes and building a better relationship with essentially your closet and your clothes I think it's a really interesting you know Trend and I can't wait to see where it goes because it's something that I think is kind of necessary that being said this is a safe place I would love to know if in hearing what are the components of a compulsive Shopper a Shopaholic do you think that you might be one too and if you are if you were I would love to know the tips that you could share with my community with regards to how to overcome that what are some ways that you know you are able to develop a more healthy relationship with your clothes and with your money be sure to like And subscribe if you haven't already and as always I'll see you guys in my next one [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckytownsend3800 [2 likes]: If anyone is struggling with clothes, my biggest tip is keep it neutral. That way, every single piece in your wardrobe goes with the other so you have half the clothes but the outfit combinations are tripled (sometimes more). I used to get loads of different colours and now I stick to browns, white, black and burgundy. If I go for colour I go for very muted / light colours like pink and blue because they tend to go with all neutrals. Shopping in this way has completely transformed my wardrobe and allowed me to focus on the material / quality and has naturally reduced the amount of clothes I have / need
  2. @JoeSmith-np6nz [2 likes]: No one ever realizes how much stuff we have until we move 🤣 it’s so crazy
  3. @fnma21 [1 likes]: Knowing your style is so important.  Everything matches. Not following trends  is so important, too. Sometimes, I fail. I got these trendy wide-leg jeans. In the end,  I donated them. It just felt wrong wearing them. My wardrobe is small. The biggest part of it is my shirts, which I absolutely love😅
  4. @yourmissleo: Thanks for sharing❤😊
  5. @alessandraf.9354: 😅love the random Italian phrases
  6. @sohinidutta97: I am struggling HARD with shopping addiction at the moment. This month I have used up 2 month's worth of shopping budget. I am trying to save for a big move I am anticipating next year but this has me constantly stressed. Thank you so much for the video!
  7. @veiledviolet: Pinterest is my problem. My style is my creative outlet and I use Pinterest for inspiration. The problem is that my inspiration changes very quickly and I feel the need to buy more new clothes to match my new concept. It makes me feel so good, but I’m spending most of my extra income on clothes. Even though I’m never in debt, I’m not saving. 😬
  8. @Cinnamobae: Im here because I want to stop wanting a newer version of Apple stuffs ✊
  9. @AsiaCordone: I just took out a new credit card my family doesn't know about and hid the stuff I bought. I know I don't need some of why I bought, and I know I have a problem. It started with small things, food I didn't need, snacks, candy, coffee, then moved on to skin care (that I actually did need due to a skin condition, but It made me look at bigger purchases like they weren't that bad), to make up. I know it will get worse to shoes and fashion, I don't like this, I don't know why I'm so impulsive, I know I need help but the conversation of why I am the way I am in general wouldn't go over well.
  10. @fnma21: Only shop in person doesn't always work. I shop online from a specific shop, we don't have the actual shop in our city.
  11. @jacquelinegonzalez1088: Thank you so much!  I am one thank you for your wonderful tips.:face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  12. @conniemac21: This is incredibly helpful. You spoke to my heart. I’m sending this to my 22 year old granddaughter. Breaking the cycle! Thank you.
  13. @PhoneticFluency: Thank you for this video! I haven’t seen anyone else talking about the pipeline of growing up poor → under-spending on yourself as an adult → trying to “correct” → ending up on the other extreme of over-spending. That's my story too, and so many things you said hit home with me. I even feel like the shopping itself can cure the addiction, because once I buy the right things and “find my style,” then I’ll finally be free to stop shopping!

One thing that helped me was thinking about how the things I buy become my responsibility—caring for them is now my responsibility, and how they are disposed of at the end of their useful life, that’s on me now. Thinking about that helps me buy less.

I also blended two of your tips, and I’ve made organizing my home my hobby. I’m crafty and enjoy DIY, so I use free materials (like leftover boxes/cardboard) to organize my apartment. I actually get that dopamine hit that shopping gives me because of seeing something new and fresh in my home!
  14. @melanie0083: Thank you for this
  15. @DRDJEVENTS: You were the last person to develop a shopping addiction,..... what does that mean?
  16. @Ghriangraf: Wait I stopped shopping cheap stuff and started buying quality and I did donate a lot and know i have enough.

I know it mentally
But I do shop when im stressed cuz of neglect in childhood but also was validated for beauty a lot
  17. @enriconolastname3471: Thanks for the tips, i really needed that, i waste way too much money on clothes and then i dont even wear them!
BTW....OMG your skin is so beautiful!
  18. @dianawitty9628: You’re very sweet…and…smart…and…articulate 
I am one too
It’s a struggle, this helped to just to the things you’ve done, I’ve done also, I’m better at managing,but still falter especially around the holidays or some emotional turbulence…
It’s good to reflect and realize why I’m doing what I’m doing…
How to not give in.
Funny I realize, sometimes I do it to bring myself down from feeling good about myself.
To feel guilt and shame. 
Weird
Gonna have to do a deep dive on that
  19. @envzous: I still have a problem with overspending on clothes and hair but if you have an overspending problem with food, trust me just buy groceries and learn to cook it yourself. Make larger portions so you can meal prep it and stay healthy as well. You can make chicken nuggets and french fries at home without having to constantly spend your money on fast food
  20. @user-jm2wx2df5x: I’m testing a savage money-saving experiment called Save-or-Shame.
If you overspend, you post it. We roast you. You save money.
Wanna try it for a week?

🔁 HOW IT WORKS

If you make an impulse purchase, post:

What you bought

How much

A 1-line excuse (why you “had to”)

The group reacts:

Memes

Emojis

Light roasts

If you resist spending, you can post a Save Flex:

“Didn’t order food today. Saved $120.”

Flexing is encouraged 😌

🔥 ROAST RULES (IMPORTANT)

Roast the decision, not the person

No insults about body, family, trauma, or mental health

No hate speech

If someone says “stop”, you stop

This is fun shame, not bullying.

👻 GHOST OPTION

If you’re not in the mood to be roasted:

Say “Ghost Mode”

You’ll get support only, no jokes

Mental health > memes.

🚪 LEAVING

You can leave anytime.
No pressure. No hard feelings.

🎯 REMEMBER

We’re all here because:

We overspend

We want to do better

Laughing makes it easier

Let’s save money.
Let’s be honest.
Let’s not be cruel.

4⃣ YOUR ROLE (IMPORTANT)

You are not just the admin.
You are the tone-setter.

For the first week:

You roast lightly

You encourage save flexes

You shut down any bullying fast. 

Here is the link to the WhatsApp channel I created: https://whatsapp.com/channel/0029VbBewmP8qIzl2c9NYd2r

- The Psychology Behind Shopping Addiction: Kind: captions Language: en a sucker for this you walk into the store with the shortlist and then you find yourself pushing our cart full of stuff alright it's a world of discovery just have remote so explains the psychology that influences how much money we spend in stores clinical psychologist dr. chloe carmichael says there are four reasons why we do it she gave it an acraman safe self-image accomplishment fear and escapism self-image we think that by having nicer things that will somehow become a better person the second reason I see many clients over shopping is because it gives them a sense of accomplishment somehow they think that by buying vitamins they've actually taken the vitamins another reason is fear many of us have a fear of not having enough and so we have a tendency to stockpile and finally escapism some people if they're having a bad day would be prone to taking it out on a shopping center Carmichael says many times it's a control and self-worth issue knowing we too can have that in the self-image area sometimes we think that by just having the types of things that we see other people having that we could somehow be more like those other people the good thing though there are ways you can stick to that shopping list dr. Carmichael says just think of the word scram or the ass is for self statements once you've really figured out why it is that you're over shopping you can have a simple statement so for example somebody who's shopping to try to puff themselves up a little bit would have a self statement like I am enough and then the C is for cash only many people find that by only bringing enough cash to get the things that they want to get they can control their spending that way return the items you don't need make an Amazon wishlist Carmichael says it helps fulfill that wanting need even though you don't physically have it and lastly money make sure you check your credit card and bank statements to see if you have enough to spend in Midtown I'm Jessica Formosa Fox 5 News

  Top Comments:
  1. @brianlash154 [24 likes]: Stuff
And things 
Born into the world without it
Leave without it
  2. @missnlahi [9 likes]: I stopped carrying a credit card, and very limited cash. I also don't use Amazon nor keep my credit card information stored on my phone. I
  3. @doggman824 [3 likes]: I have a shopping 🛍️ Addiction online and in person shopping.    But I plan on doing something about it.  And get it under control.
  4. @drewt2790 [3 likes]: The first problem is referring to it as "Shopping Addiction". There is no such thing as a " Shopping Addiction". There IS a compulsion to shop. Addiction and compulsion are not the same thing. Just as there is no "gambling addiction" or "sex addiction". These are ABSOLUTE FACTS. Anyone trying to tell you different it lying to push an agenda.
  5. @omegaman1409 [2 likes]: Used to buy everything photography. Things I never used just stuffed in some drawer.
  6. @shadrach6299 [2 likes]: I order things from Amazon to avoid driving around town looking for the items. There are items I can’t find in my small town stores
  7. @kungfoo-m4q [1 likes]: My aunt is a shopaholic.  Her and her family can't fit a car in their three car garage.  It's all stuff.
  8. @clarkmay4819: I'm a minimalist, so I only buy exactly what I know I'll use. Anything more would just be a burden.
  9. @Crimeeofficial: Shopping addiction
  10. @chrsitineadriaenssen6074: For me art is more important than groceries
  11. @chrsitineadriaenssen6074: I have no
problem with this spending and living with debts😊
  12. @chrsitineadriaenssen6074: All lies😂
  13. @chrsitineadriaenssen6074: I don‘t like shops, prefer internet
  14. @ForHisGlory2: Role of relative deprivation
  15. @Jero1.3: 1:25
  16. @hollowgonzalo4329: I work part time at a store and there's a small handful of customers who probably spend more hour's there then myself.
One lady i think I've come across every last shift I've had for months now
  17. @jamiekoger207: Debtors Anonymous changes lives #solvency # 12 traditions & 12 promises
  18. @jamilawario7651: How do we treat shopping addiction
  19. @nostalgikcoffeeannie7556: You forgot because the person like material stuff like myself. i have an hyperfixation on design. So i often want to design with the new trend object or fashion. And i do have fear to need something. So i have my list of things i need to buy. But yes i know it's exaggerated and i will need to reduce my spending.
  20. @sagatuppercut2960: Please explain the psychology behind littering on the sidewalk.

- The Truth About Shopping Addiction (And Why It’s Never About Stuff): Kind: captions Language: en The truth about shopping addiction. Shopping addiction doesn't feel like a problem at first. Feels like reward, a little hit of excitement, a treat after a hard day. You tell yourself it's fine. You're just browsing. But what starts as comfort becomes a coping mechanism. And soon it's not about what you're buying. It's about what you're avoiding. But the real cost isn't money. is what's happening underneath. People think shopping addiction is about greed. It's not. It's about relief. You are chasing a moment, the anticipation, the click. Package arriving feels like control. It feels like escape. But it it never lasts because it was never about the item. It was about part of you that need to feel okay for 5 minutes. Shopping addiction follows a pattern. stress, scroll, spend, shame, repeat. Every purchase gives a dopamine spike. And then you crash, guilt, anxiety, financial panic. You swear it's the last time, but the next wave of discomfort hits and the loop starts again. And breaking it means seeing what it's really feeding. Shopping can be a mask for loneliness, for fear, for not feeling good enough. Every purchase becomes a way to rewrite the story. If I buy this, maybe I'll finally feel complete. But no item can fill an emotional void. That's not failure. That's being human. But there's another way to feel whole. You know, people say just stop spending. Like it's that simple. But if you take away the shopping without replacing the need it fills, the pain doesn't go away. the void just moves somewhere else. Budgeting won't fix emotional hunger because this isn't a math problem. It's a coping strategy and it needs to be treated like one. Healing from shopping addiction isn't about deprivation. It's about reconnection. What are you really trying to soothe? What would it look like to feel okay without needing to spend to get there? small changes, micro pauses, learning to sit with the urge instead of obeying it. That's where the reset begins. This isn't about vanity or weakness. It's about pain. Shopping addiction is one of the most hidden, least understood struggles because it's so easy to hide behind success, style, or status. But behind the bags and boxes is someone who just wants to feel okay. And the good news, there's nothing wrong with you. You just need help learning a different way. If this sounds familiar, you know how to look. Shopping addiction is real and it's treatable. If you're ready to take the first steps, call us at 844-5943. What's one thing you thought would fix everything but didn't? Subscribe for more real talk. Zero judgment. Your piece is worth more than anything you could buy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pingopongo-my4wq [5 likes]: If your girlfriend don't want to stop this habit then leave her she doesn't care about your relationship
  2. @pingopongo-my4wq [2 likes]: Even the girlfriend knows that this habit won't relieve pain

- How to Tell if You’re a Shopaholic | Compulsive Shopping and Spending | Symptoms & Causes: Kind: captions Language: en I have a shopping addiction and if you are not new to this channel you'll probably be like yeah no kidding L we know you have a shopping addiction but I've always said in a very light-hearted way oh I have a shopping addiction I'm a shopaholic and I think Society does this as well oh yeah she has a shopping addiction but as I'm starting to dig more and more into the research I'm realizing that it is a very serious addiction and it can somewhat be categorized into other addictions like a drug addiction or a gambling addiction I don't know if it's in the same classification as a gambling addiction but it is a legitimate addiction and I don't know why I never took it so seriously I am taking my finances seriously now but I don't know why I never took this I never considered myself an addict and it got so serious that I drained my 401k I drained all of my savings hundreds and thousands of dollars I purchased a Range Rover without any research behind it or really any thought just because of the high and the need and uh just so many reasons behind this shopping addiction there's a lot of research papers geared towards compulsive buying which I didn't realize and once you start to read what all of these people write about you realize that that oh you actually do have a legitimate problem that takes some effort in Breaking these habits and fixing it just like any other addiction which is very weird for me to say because I've always thought of myself even through all of this all of this spending and going through these videos like I always thought of myself as having extreme self-control and discipline because in a lot of other aspects of my life I do have extreme self-control and discipline whether it means like working a lot I don't know if that's good or bad but you know I have a lot of self-discipline to do that uh working out uh eating right like all of those areas are fine but when it comes to shopping I have zero impulse control and when researching this I've actually been able to put words and thoughts and studies behind it and it's been extremely eye openening and this is the first of many videos I'm going to do because maybe somebody out there uh has these feelings and thoughts towards shopping and you might not even know that this is a thing because even though I knew I actually didn't really know so I did some studying and research in into compulsive buying and shopping addiction and I'm just going to share with you what I found and go from there for anyone who has compulsive buying or a shopping addiction I'm going to use these two words interchangeably because although I think that they are different clinically they're still paired together so I might use one or the other I mean the same thing addiction to shopping anybody that suffers who legitimately suffers from a shopping addiction follow CL this cycle it's a repetitive cycle and it's a cycle that uh I didn't I didn't know I was in until reading this like I kind of knew what this really like this really brought clarification Step One is there's generally a tension or excitement leading up to it there's a certain high so this is why people with shopping addictions are so drawn to Halls because even watching somebody else buy the product and show you the product there is this feeling of euphoria and excitement or let's say you're planning a time to go to the mall or you uh want to buy a few things and you know you're going to start scrolling later on or even during the act of scrolling there is this time period where there's a rush of dopamine and you are just feeling this sense of uh not only relaxation but also Euphoria and this is a feeling that I have felt a million in one times and I never really acknowledged it but it was definitely there all the time like anytime I wanted to relax and zone out it just was like this this uh tranquil relaxed excited feeling for something new and finding something new so stage one step one of this for anybody that has a shopping addiction is there's always a sense of tension and excitement during the shopping process and leading up to the shopping process I I have so many Vivid memories of in the past before I started this channel of just like wanting to shop and spending hours scrolling and I had zero intention of finding something specific I would go on to Lulu's or revolve which which carries a bunch of different brands and clothing items and I would scroll every single page of dresses and if you've ever been on revolve you know that's like a hundred pages of dresses and I would just scroll until I found something that I would liked and I would put a few in my car and I might buy one or two and those hours of scrolling was just pure excitement and joy for me the second step for somebody that has a shopping addiction is the person feels a sense of relief during the the purchase you have escaped any negative emotions like stress or overwhelm and it's just a sense of calm and pure joy really and happiness of finding the item and purchasing the item here's the thing step three is interesting and step three is an emotion that I have felt a million and one freaking times step three is a feeling of shame or guilt after the purchase so generally anybody with a shopping addiction will have the sense of euphoria excitement or tension leading up to the shopping experience and during the shopping experience then you have a sense of relief while buying the product and then once you've completed buying the product generally it could be a day it could be a week but you'll have a crash you'll have a sense of like uh dread and Gloom of like why did I buy that item I've experienced this way more times than I could ever count here's what's really interesting is that while reading this and it took me it took me a little while to realize this but like while reading this this seems so obvious to me because these emotions and the process of going through these steps is so common and innate in me now that I'm like it's so obvious like yeah obviously it's exciting to to shop and then you find the thing and it's like relaxing cuz it's no longer stressful cuz you bought the thing and then you buy the thing and sometimes you regret it because you're like oh that was a stupid purchase the difference what I found in Reading is that people who don't have a shopping addiction or people who are not compulsive buyers don't go through these emotions they don't feel these at all like and I can think about my boyfriend and want him wanting to buy like a pair of sneakers or jeans which he's been looking for for like a year but like there's no joy or excitement in looking for said sneakers like it's kind of a pain actually to do it and then you find the sneakers and you just you have to make the purchase so you make the purchase and then that's it it was a solid decision anybody who doesn't suffer from shopping addiction doesn't experience these emotions and these steps at all so if you're still questioning if you're a a shopping addict or your loved one is here's a few more things characteristics of a shopping addict that you might want to look out for in yourself or someone else frequent impulse purchases of things that are useless senseless and unnecessary and uh I literally have thousands of these buying things with very little control or research and I mentioned this earlier and I did a video on this I bought a freaking Rover without research or control like I kind of had an intention of getting the car but like I didn't do any Research into it at all I walked into the dealership with my current Range Rover to I think have it repaired and then I started look there was a car on the floor and then we got into a discussion and then I bought it well I leased it at the time impulsively so buying things and buying binges with little control and buying binges is something I also experienced because there were periods of time where I would try like no buy or not shopping for a while and then all of a sudden for example like the Sephora sale I would go and buy a bunch of things at once or I there was a time when I didn't shop for a few months and then I went back into shopping like I bought one thing I kind of broke the seal and then I went and bought workout clothes and a jacket and shoes and it was just like this big shopping binge number three characteristic of a shopping addiction is an emotional attachment to the buying process instead of of owning the item so what I realized is that the reason why I get tired of things in my closet so quickly like I'll wear it for a few times and I'm kind of over it and I don't like it anymore is because I am fully addicted to the process of the excitement of shopping and buying and then I buy the thing and then I don't and I no longer have the excitement and joy from owning that thing that thing just becomes another item in my closet it that I at some point want to replace or donate also feelings of regret shame or depression post purchase which we just tackled but that is definitely a key trait and sign of somebody who is a shopping addict is that you feel some sense of guilt after making the purchase and also something I've also done and I'm very intimately familiar with is concealing the purchases from friends family loved ones someone so my partner even though he kind of knew knew that I my ex partner not this partner even though he kind of knew that I was shopping and what I was doing I still I still hid it like I still hid a lot of packages there were times that I would hide bags in my car and not bring them inside until he was gone or he'd be like oh are those boots new are those shoes new and I'm like no they're old I've had them for a while they were brand new so I'm very familiar with it here are the main causes and contributing factors to somebody that is a compulsive buyer the emotional factors so someone who is addicted to shopping generally does it to reduce negative emotions and this can be depression anxiety or in my case low self-esteem which it it wasn't up until a few months ago that I could even admit that but and it's still kind of hard to say it's very awkward to say that you have low self-esteem or that I have low self-esteem I definitely a huge part of my shopping was and is although I'm not really shopping anymore is low self-esteem to help me feel better about myself the other emotional factor is self- soothing so if you are feeling bad about yourself or a situation that you're in shopping can be a way to self sooe yourself and here's what's interesting is that Tom Bilu uh I don't know if anybody knows who he is is and I will put a video or a photo of him up but Tom Bilu always talks about one of his superpowers is to self soothe himself very quickly and I always thought that I had that ability to I don't know why but I thought I did and the reality is I absolutely did not because I was using shopping to self soothe so I didn't I didn't have any effort to try like I didn't I didn't even realize that that's what I was doing but I was shopping multiple times a week and so anytime I felt anxious or uncomfortable and I mentioned in another video that my previous relationship was really tumultuous and a little toxic at times and I used all of I poured all of those emotions into shopping so self self so self soothing is definitely something that people use shopping for the other causes and contributing factors to somebody that is a shopping addict is impulsivity and the desire for instant gratification and this is something I was actually very aware of with myself like this is one thing I'm like yeah I fully lack and am now working on the um instant gratification issue like I this this filters into all aspects of my life whether it is uh learning a new skill at work or um in argument with my partner and like wanting to overcome it just like I always want that instant gratification and I have a very difficult time dealing with uh long-term and waiting it out and Tom billu also says you know I should go back and watch his videos because there's definitely something to it the ability to wait out something without any feedback or gratification from it like to sit in the uncomfortableness for months even years is basically a superpower and it's definitely something that I am lacking and a lot of shopping addicts are lacking people that have a shopping addiction have low boredom tolerance which is interesting because I've always felt like I could always entertain myself and I never really needed an excitement in my life I am an extreme introvert so I get a lot of joy and excitement from a walk by myself or with my dog or from reading a book but um what I've started to realize is that I do have a lot of I have low boredom tolerance because the second I'm bored even while I'm watching a show I will pick up my phone and start scrolling or looking at something like always trying to do two things at once I cannot drive in my car in pure s vience because I'm bored and I need to listen to something or do something so that is definitely something I need to work on too third category is environmental or social influences this is big the constant run of ads marketing ads in your face either on social media or in email the extreme rise and ever growing uh sortment of videos on YouTube from influencers and all of these hauls there are people influencing you to buy everything and anything it can be home it can be cars uh clothing makeup tools like it doesn't matter I was almost influenced to buy one of those home kits to build yourself a home a tiny home I I mean I didn't but like I felt such a strong urge to buy drawings on ET Etsy and then try to build a tiny home myself so the rise of uh social media marketing and marketing general which is just going to get worse and worse has a huge influence obviously on people with compulsive buying and who are shopping addict here's what's interesting too is something that I heard uh or yeah something that I heard in in doing this research is there's something called the lipstick effect so when the economy is in a downturn like let's think about 2008 there's something called the liip effect which means that lipstick sales Skyrocket when the economy is in a downward recession because it's a smaller luxury item that people can that people can purchase to make them feel better about themselves outwardly and you're still kind of feeding that addiction but at a much lower cost comparatively to other things and so it's just interesting nail polish and lipstick sales go through the roof when the economy is not doing great here's the difference between a compulsive shopping addict and somebody who does not have a shopping addiction a person with a shopping addiction has an impulse and an extreme craving to shop and buy often using credit cards without caring about if you have the money to cover it so a lot of people with shopping addictions will just shop and not have a care in in the world if you're going into a little bit of debt H if you don't have the money in your bank account to cover that expense right away people with shopping addictions are also much less careful about product research and looking into details of the said item that you're going to buy and I am definitely guilty of this I my entire life all of my shopping purchases none of them were really up until recently were really thought out or researched at all like I saw the thing I wanted the thing bought the thing no research at all it was basically just about the shopping process which I've learned and lastly people's shopping addictions also have uh emotional motivation or their identity is somewhat attached to the item it's it's emotion of some kind even if you I talked about your fantasy self so let's take for example a a dress and you tie your emotion to it because you're imagining yourself wearing that dress and at an event or out somewhere and it brings up a sense of emotion and also ties your identity to something I am a person who wears this dress and goes to these events this is interesting people who are not shopping addicts don't think this way and don't act this way and this is like I don't know if I'm the only one but this is really boggled my mind because I've never I always thought that everybody kind of thought like me like we all kind of have the same thoughts and I might have acted on them more but like everybody kind of thinks the same way and that is not the case at all so people who are not shopping addicts generally plan their purchases very thoughtfully they budget out their purchases like a normal human and they fully understand their spending limit so people who do not have a shopping addiction will uh not buy the item if they don't have money to buy the item if they can't afford it they generally won't buy it and if they if we take my boyfriend for example he's been researching and studying sneakers for a year and hasn't made the purchase I would have seen the first pair and bought them right away and just dealt with it if they weren't the right fit he has been looking into it for a very long time and so people who don't have a shopping addiction are much more thoughtful and careful about what they purchase and in that they also Place very L little emotional value on what they're purchasing like they don't tie generally any emotions to it it it's basically for utility like a functional activity I I need this item uh I don't have this item I need this item I'm going to research it make sure I have the money for it buy the item and then that's it so let's talk about some behavioral and psychological markers that that demonstrate if this person is a shopping addict the first is persistent in uncontrollable urges to shop even if you know it's going to cost you pain in financially or in a relationship so that could be with a partner a friend or a family member and obviously my whole channel is about uh Stupid purchases and getting out of debt so I know this all too well number two is cognitive narrowing which is an extreme obsessive iess about that item all you see is yourself wearing that item or using that item and I experience this every single time and I also I also think of this as um uh a part of your fantasy self what for me and I I've said this before in other videos once I find an item I get so fixated on it and I never really had a work for it but the the technical term is cognitive narrowing and so you just become so fixated on it that everything else whether it be you don't have the money for it you don't need it you don't have enough space for it all of that reasoning Falls away because all you see is that one item and how you will use it or wear it or just love it oh God this one made me like stop and pause but people with shopping addictions generally the root cause is something from childhood so generally people with shopping addictions their family Dynamic was showing love through gifts or placing emphasis and importance on material items and this was my family to a te like my father is not the most loving person or affectionate person person at all whatsoever but he showed his love through gifts especially during birthdays or holidays like Christmas we had tons of gifts all of the time because that was a way to make up for everything else and I found myself I do that I noticed that that I do that I will go overboard with gift giving because I am uh I've been told I'm quite cold like I'm just not very affectionate or outward with my emotions and so I do this and also my mother cared very much about appearances and how you presented yourself and um just shopping in general my mother used to go on a ton of shopping spree and my sister like my I remember my sister being in high school and she was a tomboy like she didn't really care about much and and my mother would take her to Clinique and Chanel like the makeup counters that they had at Macy's and I don't know where else and buy this like expensive makeup and my sister was like 16 so I didn't realize this but there is a huge correlation and that is probably a big reason of why I developed a shopping addiction obviously it's not my parents fault it's my fault but I never really thought it went back that far I just thought I don't know what I thought but quite interesting okay so I have to read this part there was an online shopping addiction study where they asked hundreds of participants these questions on a scale of one to five you have to answer each question with the number so if you strongly disagree it's a one and if you strongly agree it's a five or you can go somewhere in between the higher your score of agreeing the higher your addiction level is I think I scored like five on all of them so not good but I'm going to read them off to you just so if you're wondering or you know I don't know maybe it'll just give you some insight number one remember you have to answer it one through five strongly disagree one strongly agree five I think about shopping all the time I hide my credit card bills receipts and shopping bags I love lie about how much I spent I shop more than I can afford my mood improves once I shop I feel relieved from stress anxiety or depression when I shop some items I bought remain unopened and unused I often purchase even when I don't need anything or I don't have a plan I can't stop online shopping even if I try to cut back and then I buy even when I don't have the funds to cover it which I think was already mentioned so that's interesting and I just think it's important to note again that someone without a shopping addiction is going to rate ones on this and I think that this is also why I felt like um a lot of the people when I when I first started this Channel and I had mentioned this in previous videos is like I felt like I couldn't relate to to a lot of people on these Finance budgeting Journeys uh and I don't know why he's coming to my mind right now but Graham Stefan is coming to my mind right now but he talks about uh budgeting and saving but for sure he does not have a shopping addiction he can't relate to anything I'm saying right now or going through and so that's one of the reasons why I started this channel because I was like I couldn't put full words to it but I was like does anybody else feel the way I feel when it comes to shopping like it feels impossible and it feels like this feeling will never go away when it comes to buying and obtaining and keeping material things and this really explains it so I think that that's what I think that that's what's really lacking in the personal finance uh genre if you will is that most people don't talk about these emotional underlying issues and I think to get ahead of your finances there are things you need to do in terms of uh budgeting but you also need to understand what's going on behind it I need to do a lot more research into the managing and treating of a lot of these things like low self-esteem and comparison Theory and a shopping addiction but I'm going to give you what I found so far are based on other researchers and doctors and what they do with their patients again I'm I'm obviously not a doctor not giving medical advice or therapy advice at all whatsoever um I'm just sharing with you what I found and what I think is interesting so number one is called behavioral monitoring not only and this is why budgeting and I didn't realize this but this is part of the treatment of a shopping addiction is to to uh track every single purchase because most people come to find out with shopping addictions don't track how much they're spending and what they're buying so this is where I think a if you can find a good budgeting app if you don't already have one or a budgeting system this will be really really effective but find the budgeting app and track everything but in treatment what um a lot of what what is preferred or recommended is to go above and beyond that so not only track the item but also maybe keep a journal or something and track the time of day and the day that you get the urge to shop and track and write about your mood like what exactly are you feeling what are you thinking are you feeling vulnerable are you feeling low self-esteem are you feeling anxiety are you stressed at work and it's going carrying over to your urge to shop so Behavior monitoring is monitoring not only your purchases but everything surrounding your purchases as well and then on that same note is um one of the these therapists created a list I might actually like I thought about this I don't know if I'm going to do it but to create like a a a check off list or something before you buy is so she created a list and I don't know exactly what that list is but in detail but some of the questions where somebody would have to stick it to their credit card or or checkbook or whatever I can't believe I said checkbook Jesus Christ do people even carry checkbooks I don't know but they'd have to answer these questions before they could make a purchase so some of the questions are is this a necessity or is this an emotional purchase what am I feeling right now exactly what happens if I wait to buy this item whether it's 24 hours 40 hours or even 30 days which is what I generally try to do now also am I trying to fill a void am I seeking validation outward validation or am I trying to mask or hide some sort of negative feeling and here is um something is the other method of treatment that has found that has found to be one of the most effective methods is group therapy and there are few reasons for this one because you don't feel like you're in total isolation anymore that other people are going through the same thing as you it increases the feeling of being understood you'll get immediate feedback on your distorted beliefs or behaviors if you're feeling a certain way or you feel like maybe this purchase is necessary or you need it you can really talk it out with somebody who's also going through the exact same thing group therapy also helps with managing emotions and generally they will help you implement skills of budgeting and money management I did come across one um group and I'm going to link it below because it looks very interesting and I'm spacing on the name right now but basically what they do it looks like a really large organization and they their treatment is similar supposedly to Alcoholics Anonymous treatment so like the 12-step program that's what they do but for shopping addicts so that's interesting and then also another treatment is accountability which I spoke about in previous videos here's what I realize is that I the this there's I did not realize the amount of benefits I would receive from a YouTube channel like it is profound the amount of benefits this channel has brought me because in essence I have essentially created group therapy for myself without knowing it like I talk about my purchases uh my feelings my regrets uh my budgeting my money goals and then you guys give me feedback and tell me if I'm being stupid uh if it was a stupid purchase if I should do something a different way what I should consider it is a complete feedback a positive feedback loop and you're also my accountability partner like I I I don't want to come on here and say that I made these stupid purchases and so that is that has been such a a factor in me not making purchases if I did not have this YouTube channel I am almost confident that I would have done the financial thing read the book started and then fallen off and like been back where I was and not making any progress at all like this YouTube channel I cannot underestimate the impact it has had on me emot Al a mentally and financially and then some other therapy some longer term therapy and this is something I I'm going to do a lot of research on and I need to look into is relocating self-esteem so building your self worth through accomplishments and through personal growth internally and not basing yourself worth on outward appearances and this is something that will be such a struggle to overcome because it's so ingrained in me and it's what I've done my entire life even when I was much much younger I remember doing this and up until now like I've always kind of been aware of this and I'm always like looking for the quick fix like what is the one thing I have to do to just like increase my self-esteem and you know focus inwardly and I I've I've read a ton of books and listened to a ton of podcasts on this and what I've real realiz is that just like getting your finances in order this it's simple but it's not easy and there is no quick fix there is no like OIC for dieting you just have to do the work you have to do the work in learning about it and then putting in the effort to change habits because I think that there this is also something I'm want to research is like you can rewire your brain like it is fixable it is changeable this is not I don't have to be in this constant state for forever it's just going to take hard work and time and there is no instant gratification so oh God I just feel so um so much Clarity and so much confusion at the same time like there's so much I've learned but there's so much I need to learn to say I'm a shopping addict just seems like there's no seriousness to it like nobody takes it seriously there's a million shopping addicts I would say on YouTube I honestly like I can't call people out I don't know their situation but if I had to guess I would say a lot of the influencers who are doing these hauls and buying these things are shopping addicts and they probably don't know it anyway those are my thoughts I am going to do a lot more reading on this and I'll report back if you have any questions comments concerns leave them below and I will see you next week okay thanks bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @ownrhythm6536 [3 likes]: I appreciate you posting this, I have just come to the realization that my wife's spending is out of control and has  phycological roots far beyond poor financial literacy.  The problem is that you talk about buying "things" and, although my wife does spend way too much on things, cloths, cosmetics, food, that often go unused and are bought on credit that she hides from me, she also spends a large amount of money on personal trainers, alternative well being procedures, and on line courses.  This clouds the problem because this spending is on things that are aimed at "well being" and don't provide the physical evidence of "unwanted stuff" piling up, but they are so expensive and still examples of spending way beyond her means.
  2. @myrna-u6r [2 likes]: I can't believe that you mentioned the RELIEF that accompanies a purchase. When I press that SUBMIT button that secures a new item, especially if the site mentions "only a few left" I can almost feel the flood of dopamine rushing through my veins!  What a relief!
  3. @asmitamorrison2759 [1 likes]: Once you mentioned guilt, I started crying. Thank you for this video, It helped me put things more in a different lighting. It already confirmed what I already suspected.
  4. @elizabethmccombs9311 [1 likes]: Yes i still carry my checkbook! Im 49 &  know all about addiction. The shame it causes....thank you for speaking out ❤
  5. @myrna-u6r [1 likes]: I'm glad that you feel this channel has been beneficial for you. It has certainly provided therapy for me.  You are so articulate and share such meaningful, helpful insights from your experiences and your reading.  I can't believe I am receiving this for free!  I thank you so much for what you are sharing.  I save everything in order watch it again.
  6. @belkyhernandez8281 [1 likes]: AA. might have been a good model a very long time ago when society lacked research but today it is outmoded. It's success rate is very low compared to more science based methods. 

So if you are using an AA TYPE model and it is not working for you, then consider researching other licensed therapy and doctors/therapists.
  7. @shelly874 [1 likes]: This is me. My “drug” of choice is beauty products.
  8. @tamarasparks8065: I have a checkbook.  My veterinarian and horse shoer like checks.
  9. @chrsitineadriaenssen6074: No problem
  10. @alexzandra-fallonallen317: Oh also another thing that could be helpful is even for like thrift thing and even for like cheaper shopping like you could also say OK this is what I told myself recently if I was to buy this and then I didn’t want it anymore. What would the resale value of this be? How much could I potentially get if I wanted to resell this and get some profit back and usually especially for those lower cheaper items it’s usually you’re not gonna get any profit back so then when you think of it like that, you’re like OK so I’m just getting this item then because I really wanna get it and I’m prepared to lose this money and there’s gonna be no resale value and then when you think about it like that you’re like do I really like it that much to waste any sort of money on it and then not be able to sell this at any type of valuable resale value and if at least for me that more allows me to say no and pass on certain things which again saves you money right but also I realize it’s more just the activity of walking around looking at things finding cute things and stuff like that even frying them on and envisioning yourself in like different places with these outfits that is what’s really like exciting about it enjoy all about it so a lot of times I will look online browse online and then I’ll put things in my cart and I won’t buy them and or I’ll look around the mall and even try on some things I think oh my God these are so cute and these outfits are so cute together and I’ll just sleep right because you still get that high of trying on the things I’m putting the outfit together in the store and then you leave with nothing so you didn’t spend anything, but you still got that hit of. Oh I got to feel the excitement of like looking for clothes and finding like cute outfits and then again I still set that budget for myself so that if I do really find something that I really do wanna end up buying. It’s like oh does it fall within my budget of what I wanna spend today it doesn’t it looks like I can’t get it.
  11. @alexzandra-fallonallen317: It’s hard to accept it cause unlike other addictions like drugs or alcohol. Society doesn’t really see it as destructive to you and your health and especially when you get compliments on outfits and everything like that it makes you feel good so it’s hard to admit and then try to stop it, but I say the best thing I would say is just to reduce it don’t tell yourself you’re gonna stop complete. You just tell yourself you’re gonna reduce it. Come up with reasoning as to why what criteria certain things have to meet it severely narrow down what you’ll end up buying that’s what’s worked for me because when you try to stop cold turkey that doesn’t work you just end up going on a big huge shopping spree later on and then you just spend a large amount of money in one time that you might’ve spent over a long period of time if you shopped consistently over a long period of time but a lot of times too you have to tell yourself the time it takes to shop when you could be working on other things that are important or you can tell yourself OK what am I gonna use this item for? How much use am I gonna get out of this item? is this an item that I could see myself potentially getting rid of within a few months or a year ask yourself these questions and at least for me tends to stop me from buying as much or stop me from buying at all and that’s really helped and it helps with even in a short period of time but also to setting yourself a budget so you’re gonna shop compulsively right but setting yourself a budget is what can help too so for me I say oh I’m not gonna spend more than $10 on any clothing today and so even if I see something I like if it’s over $10 I don’t get it. I’ll say oh I have to get that next time you know I have to save up for that I have to get that next time or if I see something that’s within that price range right see if the goal is just to spend $10 on an item then I was like OK but do I really like this item? Do I really want this item? Do I really need this item and I will really think about it and I’ll even walk in other stores and look at other items to see what I can get for the same price and it becomes finding the best item for that budget and then when you look you say oh look, I only spent $10 and I got what item that I really like out of all the stores here and that’s pretty good and then you know I tend to do that once a week sometimes I go up to $20 of pens, but I also think about what I have in my closet and then what about this new item that I’m getting can go with the things that I have in my closet so I do those things to try and help it it does definitely help but it’s still challenging. It’s still challenging and I find it too when you don’t have as much friends or stuff like that right you more intend to end up where you end up at the mall and you end up shopping cause that’s the one place you can go to by yourself that it’s just easy to go to right and end up buying things I feel like that’s part of it too just isolation not really having much friends and then also I would say feeling like people told you you’re not good enough because the clothes the comments you get make me feel good and then finally I would say Also just boredom in general you know like how some people eat and eat and eat when they’re bored some people shop and shop and shop when they’re bored
  12. @chrsitineadriaenssen6074: Why not spend?😊
  13. @saverspender: I can 100% relate. I had a shopping addiction a couple decades ago. I still have the lingering effects (?) of one. But the only way I broke it, was to find a motivation stronger than having stuff or wanting that rush of buying (I still love shopping to this day, but am much more moderate in many ways). The only surefire way for me to break it, was to build my own personal net net worth and wealth. 
It sounds stupid. It sounds ludicrous, and it is not at all simple in any way shape or form. But it works.
The day I got out of debt, the day I hit my money milestones of $10000 then $10,000.. was when I realized how much money I was wasting and what I could have been doing instead with that money. I saw my net worth grow, and THAT was what helped me focus. 
Use your hyperfixation/cognitive narrowing (I have the same issue/symptom ??) to focus on wealth building instead.
  14. @Manifestinee: Love this channel ❤
  15. @chrsitineadriaenssen6074: No problem😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
  16. @whatsgoingon22: Wow I just have to say I admire the level of self awareness and acceptance. That's not easy to do. Thank you for this.
  17. @ladyflacko3340: Very informative and valuable video. Thank you
  18. @kaithdalino9145: Thank you for your channel,bec I know someone understand what I’m going through..
  19. @kaithdalino9145: Every wird that is coming from my mouth  describes what I’m going through..
  20. @jacquelinegonzalez1088: Thank you so very much I know I have had and still have this problem for decades!! Thank you for all your information!!!

- How to Stop Shopping Addiction Signs, Diagnosis & Real-Life Impact: Kind: captions Language: en Compulsive shopping is on the rise, but is it a real addiction? We unpack the science, the symptoms, and the controversy behind this misunderstood disorder. More people are asking, is shopping addiction a real mental health disorder or just bad habits with a credit card? Researchers still cannot agree on the answer, and that disagreement has big consequences. So let's start with the basics. What exactly is shopping addiction? Well, clinically, it's often called a compulsive buying disorder. It's not about the occasional online splurge or a Boxing Day blowout. We're talking about repeated irresistible urges to shop that cause distress, disrupt daily life, and often spirals into debt, shame and broken relationships. Back in the early 1900s, German psychiatrists Kraeplin and Bleuler described this as oniomania, a form of impulsive insanity. They grouped it with kleptomania and pyromania. So this idea has been around for a long time, but it is struggling to find a place in modern psychiatry. So is shopping addiction officially recognized? It is not in the DSM 5, the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, which guides psychiatric diagnoses in the USA and also in much of the rest of the world. The American Psychiatric association says there's not enough consistent research to support it. However, the World Health Organization's ICD 11 takes a slightly different stance. It includes compulsive buying shopping disorder under the category of other specified impulse control disorders. That is a step forward, but still is not full recognition as a standalone disorder. This matters because classification affects diagnosis, insurance coverage, and also treatment pathways. So why the hesitation? Some experts argue the term shopping addiction medicalizes a moral or lifestyle problem. Is it really a disorder, or is it just irresponsible spending? Others say the problem is very real but hasn't been studied enough, or that it overlaps with other diagnoses like obsessive compulsive disorder, anxiety or mood disorders. That overlap makes it hard to isolate shopping addiction as its own thing. And there's concern about opening the floodgates. If shopping counts, then what about gaming? What about social media? What about binge watching tv? Where do we draw the line between addictive and excessive? So how do you diagnose someone with compulsive shopping? Psychiatrists often use criteria proposed by McElroy and colleagues. You'll hear a lot of familiar features. Intrusive thoughts, irresistible urges, repeated purchases beyond budget or need, and significant distress. Importantly, it cannot be explained by another mental health condition like mania. There are also screening tools like the Compulsive Buying Scale and The Bergen Shopping Addiction Scale. These look at things like craving, mood changes, guilt and loss of control. Very similar to how we screen for gambling or substance use disorders. So what does the data say? How common is it? Estimates vary depending on how you measure it. Meta analyses suggest around 5% of the general population may meet the criteria for shopping addiction. Among university students and regular shoppers, the rates go up to 8% or even 16%. Most studies show a strong gender imbalance. Around 80 to 90% of identified compulsive shoppers are women. Some researchers think that that's a real difference. Others argue that men under report or express it differently, like calling it collecting instead of shopping. The typical age of onset is the late teens or early 20s. That's often when people gain financial independence and get access to credit for the first time. What does it actually look like then in real life? Well, the cycle often follows four anticipation, preparation, shopping and spending. There's a buildup of tension followed by a release or high when the purchase happens. But that relief is short lived. What follows is guilt, regret and sometimes a need to hide the purchases from family or partners. Over time, the spending gets riskier. People may go into debt, borrow from friends or lie to cover up their behavior. Some even resort to crimes like theft or fraud. Just like with other addictions, there's often a clear impact on mental health, relationships and work life. And yet it's still not in the dsm. So what now? More researchers are calling for official recognition, especially as online shopping makes it easier to hide the behaviour and harder to stop. Instant gratification, targeted marketing and 247 access all feed the cycle, including shopping, addiction and diagnostic manuals could help people get proper treatment and reduce stigma. But until then, it's often overlooked or misdiagnosed. So here's the real question. If a repeated behavior causes distress, is difficult to control and causes harm, does it really matter whether it's in a DSM manual? That's all for today, folks. I'm Dr. Fergal Armstrong and this has been cracking addiction.

- “I’m Married to Shopping” Obsessive Compulsive Shoppers (Mental Health Documentary) | Only Human: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] my name is jasmine harman and i know firsthand how devastating a compulsive disorder can be all through my life i felt like my mum's stuff was more important than me it was purely a compulsion that she couldn't control i've helped mum and people all over the country deal with their obsessive behaviour get rid i'm really proud of you now i've become interested in another secretive condition so you actually keep your living room locked compulsive shopping i don't know why but i can't stop myself we all shop of course but some of us shop much more than others i think i've spent about nine thousand pound just on shoes i will be out and then all of a sudden i see a bargain i forget really how much i'm spending it just continues to just buy and buy and buy things that we don't really need i explore what happens when shopping spirals out of control it's really taking up my life i don't like shopping but shopping likes me i can't even trust myself i discover the roots of the problem run deep i haven't been in there since i put all the girls clothes in and the impact on shoppers and their families i do feel pushed out to be honest with you can be far greater than simply over spending i don't want to have shopping taken away from me because that would be like my whole world come to an end it's thought that as many as 8 million people in the uk have a compulsive buying disorder shopping is my life like i live to shop i'm not married yet and shopping is like my husband like my companion i've been told about 30 year old dipner a self-confessed shopping addict capable of spending thousands in a single transaction i do feel as if it's out of my control i might not want to buy but i just buy it she's filled a wall of wardrobes with designer jewellery shoes blazers and bags this was 3 000 this was 1600 and the wallet was about 700 pounds i got credit cards that's probably the worst thing i could have done despite living at home earning 500 pounds a week teaching and writing about cookery and co-managing her dad's restaurant dipner is struggling to fund her habit i'm in about seven thousand five hundred pound debt these earrings are like 200 pounds each 220 250. when i can't go shopping depresses me i've cancelled work just so that i can go shopping i know that's not a good thing i can't imagine there being absolutely no shopping i don't know what i would do what else would i do if i didn't shop what would i have to look forward to nothing there'd be no life without shopping i don't think i've ever met anybody before who sees shopping as their best friend or their life partner you know you can't have a relationship with shopping it sounds silly doesn't it even to say it out loud but dipner really feels that that is the meaning to her life the trouble is she's getting into debt she feels depressed if she can't go to me that sounds like quite a serious problem dipner already has more clothes than she could possibly wear but i see no signs of her slowing down how much did you spend yesterday oh 1 500 pounds i didn't want to but try not to think about it that's quite a shopping spree yeah most of the things she buys are pushed to the back of her cupboards and still have their labels on it's quite a lot there you haven't used but then when you go to the shop and you see it it's just that moment and you're just like oh that's really nice or what the hell just buy it you're not in control you're not you're not really able to say no i'm not i'm not buying it no i'm unable to do that who's in control the little voice inside of me 600 pounds you look like you don't like them they're not my cup of tea is the honest truth but that doesn't matter yes i'm not going to be wearing them 485 pounds yes david i said to mom right that's it now i'm going to start saving up because i want to buy a car have you already got a car yeah but the car i've got is the old mercedes there's a new one coming out in a few months a new shape so like i've got my heart set on that and it's really important to have the new shape yeah but now i'll take it on lease and then if i'm paying that off every month i know i'll have that pressure that might stop me from shopping so much because just might get you in more debt i mean does that ever cross your mind that you could stick with the old car and you could have the extra money every month to pay off your debt but i wouldn't you wouldn't why not i'll probably just use that money to like either shop more or i would go and get the car so the way you look at it is that that money you might as well use it on a new yeah i might as well use a new cart before because otherwise you're going to use it on shopping yeah which makes sense no it doesn't i'm looking at all of this and it's actually mind-boggling to think how much money's worth of stuff you've got here it's got to be like hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of stuff yes a lot of stuff on first meeting dipner you could be forgiven for thinking she is spoilt but actually the honest truth i think is that she is not in control i know from my work with hoarders that compulsive disorders govern the people that have them and i think that dipner could well be in that category not all shopping addicts get their fix from high priced purchases [Applause] i'm on my way to meet a single mum ebony whose eye for a bargain is out of and they still got the labels on them i don't even remember half the wigs i've got i have to say ebony lives in surrey with her son's river and chance how come she got all that blonde in your hair i dyed it i think it looks pretty swag if you ask me oh please baby shut up their mom doesn't spend a lot of money but boy does she buy a lot of things whoa wow how many pairs of shoes do you think you've got um possibly a thousand now a thousand pairs of shoes but have you worn all of them they will be worn they will be worn i don't actually go out to buy shoes i will be out and then all of a sudden i see a bargain so are you saying that a thousand pairs of shoes happened by accident totally none of these shoes were planned does it not worry you i need to spend more than 20 pounds if anything in any of these shoes i'm saving okay prime example these boots down here i got three pairs for a tenner they were such a good bargain i actually bought nine pairs of shoes nine pairs i did it was amazing i can't even express how fantastic it felt that day it's like an escape from your day's work or you know and financially you're okay with buying all of that stuff yeah because eventually i um pay off the debt so do you buy on credit cards i do how much debt have you got you've got about six grand okay but if i paid the full price a thousand pounds that would be ridiculous it would be but it's already ridiculous as i said i don't plan to go shopping but i don't like shopping but shopping likes me i see it says come to me come to me secret storage compartment you are kidding me are you actually joking like how do you find anything just a couple of scarves and hats it obviously makes you feel good having all these things to hug in your bed oh there you go there's a missing void replacing my man i don't have one and i'm sure this will give me more joy if i'm honest i find ebony a bit frustrating it's hard to know when she's being serious or not she doesn't see herself as a shopping addict because she doesn't even like shopping likes her ebony hides the problem from herself by cramming bargains into every nook and cranny including a locked room i'm not yet allowed to look in at least ebony stops buying when the shops shut behind closed doors all over britain some compulsive shoppers feed their habits around the clock online when i wake up in the morning the first thing i think about is what i'm being on that day 56 year old dean is addicted to online auctions spending more time with his computer than with his wife karen it's almost a full-time job for dean it could be eight hours a day because if something finishes at four in the morning he would stay up till four in the morning in one day i would buy probably 20 items maybe more oh god there's another two cameras in here it could be a new television uh it could be a car there's another camera here oh another camera candy floss makers sunglasses watches i forgot now that was kevin did 30 40 couch that one that's brand new that one and does he wear them he does no not really some of these clothes are quite expensive um goodness knows that how much money i've spent on them i wouldn't like to count up really oh with tags on never even be more not even been worn there i'd like to buy guitars equipment hawaiian shirts uh a caravan in fact he did bid on boat but fortunately we didn't win that because we know where to put it i mean he did have five cars at one time you didn't realize that this was a toy no i thought i was buying a metal big safe for a good price it's not got a clue of your love when i bid i really get excited it's the thrill of the win i think it's it's like gambling in a way i suppose and if somebody was to outbid him by five ten pounds he'd be beside himself we could have bought a small house by now yeah what why it's quite embarrassing really i feel embarrassed about it dean and karen have been married for less than two years karen's under no illusion as to where she comes in relation to shopping he'd spend an awful lot more time now than ever and i do feel a little bit pushed out to be honest with you as if ebay gets more attention than i do so yeah it has got out of control i would prefer to shop than go to the pictures or go to an event it's taken over my life it's really taken up my life and i just think about all the time dean squirrels away a lot of his buying in different storage locations across yorkshire but still their home has become unbearable for wife karen prompting a drastic move to a bigger property in the same village as you can see as we've just moved and these are all the boxes i've come to find out more well it's got to the stage where we couldn't have anybody over to stay even the grandchildren because we couldn't get to the bed all the things i bought was on top of the bed with nowhere else to put them we had to move really well you couldn't just sort of maybe get rid of some of this stuff the postman has like a satchel doesn't it yeah then he went to a little trolley and then it got that bad he had a little van he has to come with a van now when he's bringing all my parcels your solution is to keep putting things in storage and keep buying a bigger house and moving to a bigger house a bigger house dean's already filled every cupboard in their new house his purchases are spilling into the spare room you've just got a few here oh these are just all brand new unused never come out the plastic yeah i've never even took them out with the some children's watches they've got an awful lot of sunglasses as well yeah i'm sure we've got a suitcase full of sunglasses a suitcase full of sunglasses i would imagine it's that one i think dean when you're buying a watch online what's going through your mind it's just a case of buying them and do you have plans for them to put them in this box what happens is that you'll get things on ebay so you'll leave it on your desk for a while so i'll put it in one of the boxes and then you'll forget all about it and that's how it starts to stack i see so for you the excitement is actually that moment of purchase yes sometimes i'd say i'm bidding on something and i think oh god that's just going to go in the spare what's inside this house is the tip of the iceberg because he's got storage full of cheap tacky plastic junk for want of a better word sunglasses oh i've forgotten all about those the dean doesn't care about he doesn't even know what's in those boxes and so it seems really pointless but still he can't stop dean spends eight hours a day glued to online auctions but i'm not sure he really knows how much money as well as time he's wasting so show me some of the type of things that you're looking at online at the moment all right at the moment i've just bid on this one and i've won this for the kitchen there it is we can look at the pictures now i think 51 pounds which i think i've got a bag in there and so how do you feel having just won that fantastic it's like scoring the goal at football i suppose it's it's that thing that you get you know that elation of uh of winning the bid how much do you reckon you spend like each week or it goes into i'm not sure because i don't really but the fact that you have absolutely no idea about how much you've spent not not worrying to you at all um i have an overdraft at the bank so dean's oblivion to his spending is staggering hopefully karen can shed some real light on his finances do you know if dean's in debt yes he is definitely do you know how much yes are you willing to share i think it's 15 000. really right so that makes this situation a lot more serious it does i really do worry that if dean carries on the way he's been going he is going to do irreparable damage to not only his finances but also to his relationship because it must be so hard for karen to just have to put up with it on a daily basis when it's completely unnecessary i really want to help all three of the compulsive shoppers i've met so i've come to one of the few medical institutions in the uk that identifies the damage shopping addiction can cause i'm hoping to find some answers from lead consultant for addiction dr nile campbell i have seen lots of patients who have significant shopping problems and it's not recognized by the medical profession as a serious symptom um the the harm that's done and the consequences are enormous particularly the financial consequences and then the amount of time that they spend doing it instead of being with their family interacting with other people being with friends i think it's a huge issue and we've got our head in the sound about it with the people i've met a lot of them don't really see their shopping as a problem sometimes even defining themselves by that's just what i do and there seems to be an element of denial is that quite common it's massive the key is recognition like any other addiction that there's something wrong and if people actually acknowledge the fact then they can reach some sort of solution could you liken compulsive shopping to drug addiction or alcoholism or gambling we see a lot of similarities with those kind of addictions when people shop and buy things they can get a little bit of a rush and that's probably a bit of a dopamine rush like um one that people get when they score drugs or when they put a bet on and people will say well yeah i feel a bit better brought it home but then there's a big downward surge when they they feel guilty about it so it's a you know it's a um there's a negative aspect to it which is why we often think of it as an addictive thing are there any practical steps or exercises that someone who's addicted to shopping could use well compulsive shopping we see as a symptom of many conditions so the therapy is aimed at what unhappiness from the past what unhappiness currently about relationships your situation then trying to change that it's about what's behind so this is where the rest of your stuff's hidden is it this is our storage space i don't have enough room downstairs my future husband better have a big house that's all i'm seeing so where did your love of shopping begin i think i blamed my mum and dad because as a child they spoiled me whenever i used to go out with mom she always used to buy us something and when dad was with us she was taking the take us in the shop and say right guys get what you want would you say that you're addicted to yeah for sure what makes it an addiction the fact that i can't stop and i think if i did ever stop well someone did try and stop me i i don't think i would be dip 9 i wouldn't be where i am today if i didn't so you would lose your identity yeah i think i would because there's a lot more to you dipner than just shopping there is i think me as a person i love children and i think if i had if i ever had kids which i will i'm sure in the future um i think that will make me you know forget shopping because my love of kids is even more extreme than my shopping so that makes me feel kind of sad i think she's lonely and i think the shopping is almost a replacement for having someone in her life to love and to cherish and so instead she loves and cherishes all these other material things i've decided to pay diploma's father gulu a visit at his restaurant to see what he thinks of his daughter's shopping and her views about what might have started it she told me a bit about her upbringing and she pretty much had everything that she wanted and do you think that has made her worse uh i would say i am to blame a little when we got married you know we're longing for a child i'd been going to temples to shrines we waited nearly six six years and our prayers were answered that was the proudest moment and i wanted to get her anything she said she was like a little princess she still is how does it then make you feel that dipner says shopping is her partner and shopping is the biggest thing in her life i think that is not a very serious drinking is a serious problem or drugs is a serious problem then shopping but if dipner is addicted to shopping could that not be just as dangerous or as harmful and as limiting to her life as drinking or taking drugs no i don't think so she's a free person that's how i can put her but is she gulu because dipner has said to me that she would love to have children and that she thinks if she had children she wouldn't need to be shopping so much because she would have something else to fill her time but by spending so much of her time and her energies and her efforts and her money of course shopping is she preventing herself from getting to that point she's taking her time to getting the right person and of course i think once she gets married she will then realize how she's got to maintain her lifestyle things will change i think in a way what she's doing is how she is okay so i cannot change too much of that talking to dipner's dad so many little things kind of fall into place i don't think he really got the fact the shopping could be getting in the way of dipner living her life and moving forward with her future it feels to me that because shopping is universal something we all do it's all too easy for compulsive shoppers and their families to bury their heads in the sand i'm going to see ebony today and i'd like to get to the bottom of what is going on because it's all fun it's all a game i think that's a veneer i'm hoping she'll let me see what she stores in her secret room and open up enough for me to understand why she's filling her house with so much stuff how are you i've actually got some really good burgers actually yeah definitely what kind of things electric blankets electric blankets how many did you get uh five and a few other little bits and pieces oh go on tell me what else i got two jackets three clocks i heard a pair of shoes but my foot was hurting me so i had to go and buy a pair i've got this really nice bra knicker set a cd free those donuts three crusts ones oh and now i see why so you've got three packets of each yeah they were reduced absolutely and he went out for tortillas and some mayonnaise what happens then you go out to buy tortilla and you come back with so much other stuff i don't know i didn't even want to stop but if i don't inspire myself no one's going to spoil me so i might as well do so when you buy things for yourself what are you doing there oh what am i doing i'm making myself feel happy for a little while why don't you show me where you're keeping your stuff you seem like you really don't want to i really don't want to go into this room because it's a complete mess i really don't care so you actually keep your living room locked okay okay so you store quite a lot of stuff in here no no i'm supposed to be decorating i'll try and find someone to help me decorate and um you're planning to decorate well i bought three sets of wallpaper i'm not quite sure which one to put where you just bought three sets of wallpaper without knowing where they're gonna go yeah but there was only two pound fifty each i just wonder if sometimes get swept up with an idea and you buy all the stuff to go with it like the wallpaper and the paint because it's on a discount and then whatever it is you're planning to do with it doesn't materialize it's the wrong way around i see the bargains i'll buy the bargains when i bring them here i think what can i do with it and then i do something with it right the other way around so it's completely driven by the you seeing a bargain yeah and you think i've i've bought it now i've got to make use of it yeah what about all this lot some of my tools underneath they're just as good as shoes really yeah absolutely ah this is new door what is it it's an angle grinder do you have much use for name of grinder yep i will be be using it very soon i see more toolboxes more yeah more tools it's just dawning on me the size of what you're dealing with on a day-to-day basis when you're going out and you're tempted to buy something it's not just one type of thing no there's another toolbox down now and does it matter if you use them or not or if you need them or not i always use tools eventually it's a really sad situation actually i was totally not prepared for that i thought she's a girl who likes shoes she likes jackets she likes clothes straightforward but she's got these projects that are on the go but they're not really ever getting started what's in there then um some more tools and now seeing everything makes me realise this is much bigger than i realized in the beginning and definitely a much bigger issue than she realizes herself at the moment in yorkshire it's dean's favorite time of the day i have quite a lot coming today and it's a big excitement it's a little buzz that i get that every morning i'm here and i'm waiting for him so i never know what's coming karen sees things differently i'm just thinking oh my god how much what is it do we need it perception really because it's a waste of money that's money that we could be doing something constructive with hi there thank you one two three four five six seven eight nine ten today it's like christmas it really worries me to be honest with you on a daily basis i'm trying to find where to put things it's exciting is it you can't get into this one what's this blueway oh wow but i want to see what else i've got as well so you can take that are you bored with this one now a little bit but we'll see what's in this one now i'll put that over there it's the bidding and the winning and then opening the pre the parcels for the like presence to him i think i think that's probably how he looks at them um but it is it's just that thrill the hawaiian shirts is something that i do buy and i do collect them as like my watches and my guitars and things that is actually essential that because everything has to match i don't think that'll even fit dean that's out dean's mind now today's purchases he's on tomorrow's it's gone up i've still been outbid so i'm going to go up to 15 pound and 9p just continues to just buy and buy and buy and i'd say 75 of the items that we receive are things that we don't really need want or require i'm the high bidder i'm winning the bid yay dean's on his fourth marriage i really want him to spend more time with karen and rediscover the world outside of online auctions i'm asking him to try something he's never done before go cold turkey delete ebay okay come on there you go i feel like i've lost my hand a bit surprised thank you i'm really surprised that you've actually done it but you are yeah think of all the time that you're going to have to yourself i know well i will want to and time more time for you as well that'd be nice dean's agreed to try and stay off the auction site for three weeks i think the hardest part of not going online is i do it it's just automatic for me we could be sat watching tv but i'm always on there looking at what's happening but that's going to be the hardest part not having it there outside of me dean will be starving himself of a habit he's fed eight hours a day day in and day out for years but it's like a little break this isn't it's like just getting out we need to make more time to do something like this because for a cup of coffee and a sandwich there's nowhere near as much as you spend on the internet yeah to help dean i've suggested he uses some of the time freed up from shopping to get rid of the stuff he's stored in friends garages and warehouses all over yorkshire by selling it at a car boot i actually bought this from ebay to try and learn the keyboards it had all the things on there all the different notes i think i bought at the time on the whim really just to i think i've played it once a lot of it's just a load of rubbish really isn't by facing up to the things he's buried in boxes i hope to open dean's eyes to what's truly important well these bret these bring back some memories now look amongst piles of discarded purchases dean stores memorabilia from his past life as an 80s pop star that's me with flat lace there they just mean so much when you look back on your life what you've achieved and done and i'm upset that they've just been put into a box and closed up and put away in storage and the other things are in material really they're not you know they mean nothing when you open that up and find what used to be brought to you tomorrow that did i know you shouldn't always live on your past but it is just lovely memories of of my life as dean's pop stardom waned online shopping filled the gap it's seductive stuff and easy to see how without it his life feels empty another day this is getting harder and harder not to go on to be honest i had a sneaky look on yesterday but i did manage not to to buy anything in west london i want to see if dipner might be up for a similar challenge not just to stop shopping but to think about why she shops and how else she might spend her time say 3 weeks 3 weeks yeah because i think that would be enough time to you know it'll be a challenge but it would be enough time to see how it affects you three weeks is a very long time i said three weeks is a long no just like that's unrealistic two weeks i could still two weeks you think you can do yeah and how will you go about avoiding the temptation to shop i'd have to find something to do yes exactly that is exactly what you have to do go on a couple of dates it doesn't sound as exciting as shopping but yeah dipner may be laughing now but as i leave her to it i know it's not going to be easy today my first proper day i really need to buy something and it's getting me down this i don't know making me a bit depressed i guess right now it just feels like i haven't been shopping for ages and it's actually starting to piss me off it's making me pretty grumpy 20 miles away in weybridge i've suggested a slightly different strategy for ebony from kitchen blenders to garden tools ebony gets her bars from bargains going out for one thing and returning with multiples of anything on offer i bought three of these teddy bears and i bought four of these little mini ones but she's cluttering up her house and her life with stuff she doesn't need and can barely afford so i've asked her to write a shopping list and stick to it okay everything that i need from one shop i do have to visualize the shops so uh dog food but despite best intentions just one second it seems she soon falls back into old ways let me show you what i bought nine pound team and what did ebony find it for 50p and yes i did buy more than one i'm sorry but there's just no way i am going to walk past them when i caught up with ebony two weeks later i quickly realized she'd fallen off the wagon big time that's new really yeah 40 inch flat screen tvs and tablets don't come cheap bought a couple of those i urgently needed a filing cabinet right so you've got two of these i ended up with two of these one and one of these yeah so that's new as well i'm not sure the shopping list idea helped at all so ebony given everything you've just showed me all the shopping that you've done have you got a shopping problem oh my god that's a hard question and you're looking for a one-word answer i don't think i have no and even with all the discussions and being aware of everything you're buying all of that hasn't altered the way you look at your not really no that's what i'm saying i'm still doing the same shopping i'm not not doing the shopping i'm still it hasn't got me to a stage where i'm so guilty that i'm actually stopping the whole point of having a shopping list is not to make you feel guilty if you buy something that's off the list it's just to to see if you yourself can remain focused and aware of what you are going out to buy yeah and how easy it is for you to get less astray and come back having spent 200 quid on a new tv it's not about going and spending you know a couple of quid on stain remover for the for the kid's shirt i don't see i think you're wrong because at the end of the day if the whole exercise is that i supposed to stick to the list then it doesn't matter whether it's a spray but you've just proved to stick to the list whether it's a spray or whether it's a tv no or whether it's i've done it i've done it i've gone out with the list does it give me a bath no cause i've just gone in there i've got what i have to do and then i've got to go to work then i've got to come back do all the so there's nothing exciting in my life i'm not going out partying i haven't got a partner please tell me where is my little bit of it okay so was that shopping list exercise pointless in your opinion yeah a little bit you could say if ebony doesn't have a problem with her shopping who am i to argue but it's not just ebony that her compulsive shopping effects knock knock guys you're right how's it going can i sit down so tell me what do you two think about your mum's shopping it's ridiculous wait too much she jumps so much what do you think river oh yeah it's just like crazy she always like grows out just like buys random stuff that she never uses just no she doesn't have the money for it and if she's not gonna use it what's the point of buying it it's weird not being able to go to certain places in my own house because there's too many stuff in there what would change if you were able to get the living room sorted and cleared just the fact that we would have an actual house instead of a giant like storage system i'm determined not to give up on ebony it's three weeks since i asked dean to go cold turkey from his beloved online auctions i've been thinking about dean quite a lot since i last saw him and you know it seems really sad that you know he did so many things and had you know all this fame and fortune and now he's a person who would rather stay in and shop online rather than go out with friends or with his wife and socialise and you know that sort of turnaround is it really puts things into perspective so how have you been since i last saw you i've kept my promise yes i have although i've had a look i've been a sneaky look at something that uh a rolls-royce i was looking at because karen said you can't have one so i didn't bid or anything but he used to have a rolls royce many years ago when i lived in spain but i can't afford one anymore so that's gone it's like a lot of your is because of memories from the past yeah how i used to live dean's made another big step not only has he not bought anything new he's getting rid of much of the stuff he already has i'm wondering what karen makes of the new dean what's he been like the last three weeks when he's not been going online shopping he's been a little bit like a lost boy really yeah and after um you'd been here last time there were still parcels being delivered 10 days later and it was things he'd forgotten that he'd ordered he's lost interest it doesn't even go to the letterbox for the letters now we've eaten out a lot so that's been nice so it's had more time i think he secretly has realized that he's got a little bit of a problem going on here and it's opened his eyes quite a lot oh wow gosh so much isn't it i'm just sorting everything out what we're going to keep what we're going to take to the car boot yeah so they're all memories scrapbooks and things so i'll keep those dean international cabaret that's when i used to do the cruise ships so you must miss that life of making records and yeah i miss being on there and you know in the limelight if you like i think it's one thing to save things but i think it's another thing entirely being dependent on bidding on something and winning it for that little rush of yeah of happiness that it gives you and when you get you know huge success or you get recognized in the street or you know you've got fans coming after you that must give you that same little buzz it does yeah it must be on a much larger scale yeah you know when you win the bid is it like a round of applause yeah i suppose it is really when yeah it's like getting that round of applause i think that's probably what it is that little bit of that might be what is why i do that then when you say it in that way yeah you said it's just going to stop you going back to this in the in the future i don't think i will but why don't you think you will i just don't think well do you think i will now do you really i mean um i think it'll just slowly get back well i don't think so i think i can do it i think and i've realized now i really hope dean can prove karen wrong for her sake just as much as his in west london after two weeks without shopping dipner's lost no time returning to old habits whatever happens with her shopping no matter how much she shops she's always going to have a roof over her head there'll be food on the table she's going to have a car to drive so really she feels that there's nothing to lose whereas when i look at it i see that what she's sacrificing for shopping is actually a future it's having the life that she really wants the perfectionist in dipner rose to the challenge but she clearly didn't enjoy i was a bit depressed on some days yeah i was a bit down when i was busy i was still myself and i was still happy there were just times when i was moody and a little bit depressed and i think those times especially when i was left alone when i came home from work and no one was here think about what you just said it was when you came home there was nobody here and you were on your own do you not think that maybe that comes from loneliness you know you're 30 years old and you live at home which is fine but you've said that you'd like to get married you'd like to have a home of your own is the shopping not just standing in the way of you doing those things that you want to do no i i don't think so because even tomorrow if i did get married i don't think i would stop shopping completely it would still be a part of me because you know something i love to do but i would never let shopping kind of stand in the way when i meet mum i realize dipner's shopping covers up a much bigger fear than of being single do you think shishma that dipno will find it hard to adapt to not being with you together with the hand on my hand that should find difficult more than the shopping living me i mean leaving the house that's what's stopping if i'm getting married i think are you okay does it upset you it's almost like nicer to just stay here with mum and dad not have to really grow up and pay bills and get married and leave the security of home if i could i'd give up shopping tomorrow so long as i could stay you know with mom and dad forever it's really interesting because it seems like your main problem is not shopping it just comes out in shopping the underlying thing that's going on is you don't want to leave home can't i can't even think about the day when i have to leave home that i just can't think of it without getting upset but she has to go one day it's hard isn't it it's that lovely safe bubble yeah where i feel the safest most secure to begin with i really thought that her shopping was holding her back and preventing her from moving on with her life if the day comes when dipner feels ready to leave home and get married and have a family of her own and at that point maybe her shopping will subside because she won't rely on it so much she won't need it anymore but i think until that day comes dipner will keep shopping because she's clinging on to her childhood while dipner seems desperate to keep hold of what's familiar ebony wants nothing more than to escape her everyday life today i am here to help ebony do some clearing she's overwhelmed by all the different projects that need doing by the decorating by the clutter by the garden and so she goes out and when she goes out she ends up shopping and bringing more stuff back to the house and i think that for a lot of people and ebony being one of them the state of your home quite often reflects the state of your mind and so i think clearing the decks and making some space will be also really important mentally for her i've persuaded ebony to recycle some of her clutter including some of the many things she's bought and never used oh well we've got our work cut out for us today haven't we are you looking forward to this yeah i'm too happy i'm trying to hold it down don't hold it down what do you want to start with don't worry let's let's just go for it and then just throw it all away first piece to go yes sorry happy you're so happy right now i can't stop laughing see boys doesn't this feel much better is it nice to have the kids helping ah yes but you know they're only willing because you're here you're serious i swear chance is it true your mum said that if i wasn't here you wouldn't be helping yeah i told you why wouldn't you help you pay for this no you don't get paid for it i think we might need another skip i know and we haven't even gone to a shed yet we haven't even touched the shed we've hardly even scratched the surface of the garden ebony has put off clearing her shed for several years i know i've got quite a few baby stuff in there how long have they been in there since they were babies no it wasn't for them you know because i miscarried a couple of them you know i started getting the stuff you get all excited once three months is up this is quite a few years back now a couple of years back a few years so i haven't been in there since i put all the girls clothes in i've just bunged about the back there and i know there's a cot in there and baby walkers and so there's a lot of baby stuff in there so let's go go i didn't realize that ebony had had a miscarriage so going through the shed where she's kept all of the baby stuff is going to be really hard as well and so it's kind of understandable that she's put it off and actually going shopping is one way of filling her time and just avoiding doing all these things they're a bit overwhelming a to do it on your own and b to go back and relive those painful memories all right let's get the cut out at least let's get the cots out you just can't get over it that you are able to i can't do it i thought i'd be able to just you know just i think i'm gonna have to keep that one darling you have got an absolute heart of gold and you're keeping everything going for everybody else you should be really proud of yourself i hope ebony can see the positives of what she's achieved today that's nuts isn't it oh my gosh that's like a big brick has been taken off my shoulder nice it's really liberating stuff hanging around yeah just yeah just throw it oh but when you look at it do you also partly think what a waste because that's all stuff that i've bought yeah it is a waste i'm not in a rush to do it again so are you not no it's been a really good exercise in that way this has been a good exercise about the shopping list but this is definitely a good exercise have you also learnt that there are much greater pleasures in life than the buzz of going shopping of course there is of course so today totally beats the buzz of shopping totally absolutely 100 one day can't change a lifetime of habits but one day can inspire somebody you know for ebony today has been way better than any shopping trip i'm not sure she'll ever resist the lure of a spur of the moment bargain altogether but at least she knows there are bigger buzzes out there i'm keen to know if it's the same for dean in yorkshire whether four weeks after i last saw him he's been able to confound karen's doubts and stay clear of online auctions i'm very careful what a buy i mean i've not bought anything off from ebay since since we spoke last that's progress yes it is yeah when we first met you were quite reluctant to even go out and socialize because you had bids that were finishing and you needed to watch in and what you did yeah yeah so how how has stopping online shopping changed your life i think it's brought karen and i closer together i think we spend a lot more time together time that you wouldn't have had that's right yeah we've been chopping on there what did karen say well she said it's better now your computer and everything else is in there and we sit in there without any any interruptions that we can communicate well together and i can honestly say that i'm not addicted anymore which is great amazing yeah i'm in a different place now i'm really proud of dean and really happy for karen i've learned that for compulsive shoppers a disorder that masquerades as a harmless pastime can in reality be addictive and dangerous used to combat underlying unhappiness it ends up contributing to it what i've realized is that when people who shop compulsively acknowledge that they've got a problem and begin to understand the reasons why they shop then there is hope and with the right help they can reclaim their lives click on screen for more videos of extraordinary humans

  Top Comments:
  1. @charlenep.santos8644 [3 likes]: Oh my goodness 😮! I started shopping when I lost my daughter. Shopping unfortunately  was a numbing  affect for me. Mindless activity.
  2. @KulaVrahimi [1 likes]: Their lucky to have money to waste‼️
  3. @Nona-10l16 [1 likes]: How is she “only” in 7,500 debt?
  4. @meowbellameow [1 likes]: You save more money when you don’t spend it.
  5. @morganwhite2176 [1 likes]: The woman trying to help them in pink, particularly at 5:05 is judgemental and totally ignorant of the hold their addiction has on the. ‘They are not my cup to tea to be honest’ - what a twit.
  6. @Rejistania: I felt that I had an issue with shopping but it turned out that it was just the bright lights that helped my depression
  7. @AllytheGumby: bro they are acting like 30 is weird to be with parents, ik many people who live with their parents at over 30 and are film producers have success in artful things, living multigenerational is a tradition anyway its just more when ur parents do things for u that it can be viewed weird
  8. @AllytheGumby: 'spending more time with his computer, than with his wife, Karen' LOL
  9. @Larkininthedark: "I need to go shopping" ....not walking or going to Art museums or working 😮
  10. @Larkininthedark: The on-line bidding is ridiculous
  11. @Larkininthedark: She is 5' tall, living with Mom and Dad and acting like a child....why grow up?
  12. @Gooeybrowniebaby: The dad is totally to blame. Growing up with parents who treasure you as princess and spoil you with everything, no one can come of that undamaged, in the opposite way of physical abuse victims.
  13. @caroldurand6803: Re-watching this in 2026 - Inflation must be killing this habit now...
  14. @luizalivingingreyworld: I have an idea but it’s kinda awful just need a bargain website where people can bid but not actually get physical goods that causes problems for people with clutter just to fulfill the dopamine hit. (Not scamming them though just giving dopamine hits instead of things ) never mind he likes receiving the stuff aswell not just buying it online.
  15. @Anônimo-v5d: 2019 was 7 years ago... damn
  16. @NAT2411: Deepnas family, although probably meant well and wanted to provide everything for their family, they have misplaced love for giving presents and enjoying their life. Yes i can be amazing have a cholf after so long wanting one, but by giving anything and everything to their daughter, she is now struggling with maintaining that lifestyle. But at least she is polite.. the dad is just not acknowledging the isse cos i think he doesnt want to admit he has messed up with guiding her..there should have been limits...as long as hes not paying the debt...when she has kids it can be worse, she might shop for them and the cycle continues
  17. @hollythebordercollie2257: I think we have to be careful when we say 'it's not under their cintrol' because while there is truth to it - the problem is it also takes away what responsibility they are capable of (obviously it is much harder to resist for some than others but they once they say 'it's out of my control' they allow themselves to stop trying
  18. @shaheenimamdin6255: Subhanallah they are empty 😢because no Islam their soul is hungry for Islam ☪️ if they got Islam they get peace Alhamdoulilah for Islam 💚🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦💚
  19. @baby-ak-47: Wait until you meet Americans, it's this on steroids.
  20. @GemmaHutchison-ld9sh: I just found Dipna's instagram, she's a chef and a mum now 🥹

- The Normalization of Shopping Addictions: Kind: captions Language: en We've entered an era where being addicted to shopping is seen as endearing. You can boast about blacking out and going on a shopping spree. >> So, um, I blacked out kind of bad. >> You can joke about how your shelves are literally bending because they're overflowing with products. >> Hi, I'm Laney, also known as the overconumption girl, and today we're going to be showing you every single product that I have. So, let's do a little tour. So, this is my body care closet that I have. have the Bath and Body Works body creams up there. We have all of my shower gels from Bath & Body. >> The shelves are bending. >> Shut up. >> You can post about how your closet beams fell off because they're overloaded with clothes. >> There's no way my closet just collapsed. Oh my god, my hat's getting ruined. Look at the hole. >> You could have a whole photo shoot with your beaded bag collection. I don't GIVE A I'M still in the house. I'm still in a house. I don't give a Do I look like I give a Because I don't. >> And it's seen as cute and aspirational even. I was scrolling through Instagram last night where I came across a video from BBC that was interviewing a woman about her shopping addiction. This was the video. >> It was the first thing I would think about when I woke up. There would be times where I could hit 14 hours a day screen time quite easily. You keep looking and looking and looking in the same way someone might keep drinking and drinking and drinking because they haven't quite reached the point of escapism that they were hoping to reach. This is the main room in my flat where I keep everything. I would say there's probably over 500 items in here. The biggest collection I've got is jackets. I think there's about 80. Probably got at least 100 pairs of footwear. It's like a physical and an emotional drowning because you don't know how to stop it. That recognition of it being an addiction and it being applicable to me was yeah was a bit of a penny drop moment. I do think the shopping addiction needs to be taken more seriously. Just the sort of surface level what everybody else is seeing. You're just buying clothes and you're not causing yourself any harm. Yeah. It was just not noticed in the same way that I think someone would notice someone drinking too much or or using drugs. And you know what the top comment was to this video? God forbid a girl has hobbies. The cavalier way that we've normalized over consumption, treating it like a joke or even a badge of honor, it is deeply problematic. It's like spending your weekend splurging at Sephora or upgrading your phone every year or buying yourself stuff to cure your depression is just another relatable millennial or Gen Z experience. Now, let me be clear. Having a shopping addiction does not make you a bad person. I think it should be handled with the same level of care and empathy as any other addiction. And surely our collective shop till you drop mindset is not born out of our own individual weakness. It is very much baked into the culture that we live in. But that being said, shrugging off a compulsive need to consume as just cutesy and quirky is dangerous because it trivializes the very real consequences that come with chronic overconumption. Let's talk about how we've normalized shopping addictions. [music] >> [music] >> In America, having a shopping addiction is our default factory setting. Not in that we are inherently born with a shopping addiction, but in that we are taught to have one. Think about it. As children, we're inundated with toys. Our parents and relatives are showering us forever with the latest gadgets every birthday and every Christmas. You had a PlayStation 2 that was perfectly functioning, but now the PlayStation 3 came out and you have to have the latest and greatest gadget. So now you're putting that on your Christmas list that year. Entire marketing departments devote themselves to capturing kids attention and loyalty early, knowing that if you hook someone on wanting to overconume things at age 5, they're going to be a customer for life. Now, to be clear, there's nothing inherently wrong with buying kids toys. Play is how we learn. It's how kids develop their perception of colors and words and language. Like, obviously, there is a pedagogical value to toys. And beyond that, there's an entertainment value that is very necessary for a child's developing mind. The problem, though, is that play has been overwhelmingly overtaken by profit. What used to be about curiosity and creativity is now a race for the newest, flashiest, and most unboxing worthy item. And when you're a teenager, at least for those of us who grew up in a time where malls were still very ubiquitous, the mall was the social hub. Hanging out with your friends inevitably translates to you buying things for fun. Consuming becomes a part of who we are. And then it's no wonder that by adulthood, having retail therapy all the time feels like it's as natural as breathing. At this point, even if you're a newborn baby, you're coming out the womb with the shopping app in your hand. It's obviously orchestrated by corporations. They profit immensely from our shopping habits. We live in this treat yourself society where shopping is equated to your self-worth. We've talked about this many times before. Think of L'Oreal because you're worth it. >> Because you're worth it. >> Definitely worth it. Because you're worth it. >> And surely you deserve to spend your hard-earned money in whatever way you see fit. But at what point do the things you own start to own you? Even beyond shopping for clothes and such. This culture of numbing yourself is so normalized. It's normal to blow insane amounts of money on alcohol. We go out and we pay for these overpriced drinks. And a lot of young people today get plastered every single weekend. And that's normalized. In fact, if you're like 25 and you want to stay at home crocheting and reading books, all of this is seen as loser behavior. Even if you are out and you don't want to drink, you're then treated as the weirdo who's like not drinking alcohol and people get mad at you. We numb ourselves with substances and we also normalize numbing ourselves with shopping, with the dopamine rush that comes from shopping. But that dopamine rush never lasts. Like, sure, you feel the anticipation of your package coming and you track it every day and then it comes and then all that dopamine just leaves your body. We're taught to numb ourselves a bit too much. Unless we actively work hard to deprogram ourselves, we stay plugged into this propaganda that having more stuff equals having a better life, hardly realizing that you have an addiction at all. Influencers like Brooke the shopaholic, who has 2.7 million followers, they build entire brands around compulsive shopping. this drawer, this drawer, and this drawer. Along with this shelf, and this drawer, these are all of the makeup bags that I own. This drawer, this drawer, this drawer, and this drawer, along with this drawer, and then this stack here are all of the wallets that I have to choose from. This or these are all of the purses I've decided to keep. Brooke herself once posted a haul video surrounded by dozens upon dozens of store bags and she's saying that she has a problem. I have a problem. This is all the shopping that I've done within the last 2 to 3 weeks. I think this is going to be my biggest haul. The bigger the haul, the more trashed my mental health is. Her caption insisted that she doesn't promote shopping addictions, which is an inongruent disclaimer considering the fact that she calls herself Brooke the shopaholic. And she's literally famous for being a shopaholic. And her whole career revolves around being a, yeah, you guessed it, a shopaholic. And this is just supposed to be, he cutesy little relatable content. And it is relatable in a way because who among us hasn't had that time where we splurged on a shopping spree to make ourselves feel better. I know I have. But there's a fine line between understanding an addiction and celebrating it. We really have to pause and ask what's really going on here and who is this hurting? In her 2019 book on fire, the case for the Green New Deal, author and activist Naomi Klein, who as you know if you've been watching for a while, we enjoy on this channel. In her book, she wrote, quote, "The problem is not human nature as we've often been told. We weren't born having to shop this much, and we have, in our recent past, been just as happy, in many cases happier, consuming significantly less. The problem is the inflated role that consumption has come to play in our particular era. Late capitalism teaches us to create ourselves through our consumer choices. Shopping is how we form our identities, find community, and express ourselves. Thus, telling people that they can't shop as much as they want because the planet support systems are overburdened can be understood as a kind of attack akin to telling them that they cannot truly be themselves. As the chapter of this book is aptly titled, "Being consumers is all we know." But I know firsthand how not funny, how not cute the consequences of our overconumption can be. Overspending is very, very easy. Paying back the credit card debt that you shopped with though after the fact is actually hard. America makes it very easy to spend money but very hard to make money. I can get on my phone right now and order a pair of shoes that would be here in a couple of days but I can't get on Indeed and find a job to pay off that debt in a couple of days now can I? Even folks that do have a job they are using CLA afterpay they're paying in four with interest. These predatory companies are taking advantage of the fact that we cannot live without over consuming. Tik Tok makes it frictionless to buy the exact lipstick that you're watching in a Tik Tok video right now. It's literally embedded onto the video itself. You can get it lickety split. But again, paying off that bill for that lipstick that you just bought, that can be an uphill battle. If you lose your job or your bills for your basic necessities get higher, you can easily be swept up in the current of debt. The very system that gives you two-day shipping also gives you stagnant wages. Union busting, rent, and bills for your basic necessities that eat up the majority of your paycheck. So much of American life not only leads to but actively incentivizes debt because debt keeps you on the hook. And I talked about this in my video about how America keeps you in debt. Check that out for more on that. Debt is this quieter form of policing. Like, forget having to put you in jail. Have you heard of a credit score? I see your jail and raise you a credit score because they are both cararceral systems in and of themselves. You don't need to always imprison people when you can keep them trapped in a cycle of debt of repayment. Being an attractive woman is costly. Keeping up with the latest fashion trends is practically a requirement. And when you spend so much time obsessing about what you're looking like, what you're buying, what you're wearing, this preoccupation with your looks to a point where you imprison yourself. This is why I think that it's an act of self-love to just be still, to say that my belly jiggles, my belly has rolls, and that's okay. I still wear my platform sandals from 2004, and that's okay. Who going to check me, boo? No one. And I know that there are systemic forces at play that pistol whip us into constantly policing ourselves. But we don't need to allow oppressive systems that were not built to protect our humanity, that were built in constant extraction and policing to allow us to become the oppressors of our own bodies to a point of compulsion. Compulsive shopping known clinically as compulsive buying disorder is very real. Even though there's this stereotype of the bubbly shopaholic, oblivious to everything but shopping, this is often a response, a trauma response to stress, to anxiety, to mental health struggles. But mental health care is stigmatized and it's unaffordable. Because we live in such an abbleist society, people are rightfully afraid to be labeled. They are afraid to seek diagnosis, to seek treatment. You're expected to keep your pain private, to hold yourself together, to perform functionality. Even when you're breaking down, it doesn't matter what's going on in the world or in your personal life. You're just supposed to keep showing up for work and acting like everything is fine. Many of us don't even realize that we're unwell. We've been conditioned to normalize symptoms of a very sick society. We tell ourselves that everything is fine as long as we can afford the small distractions that can numb us from our everyday lives. We think that because we're surviving that means that we're stable. That because we're numb that we're at peace. And so we self soothe with the easiest addictions that the system provides for us. Anything that keeps us distracted from the fact that we're hurting. And it's okay to embrace that because that means that you're a human being. And I will never say that getting away from your problems temporarily is not good for you. But emphasis on temporarily. A lot of mental unwwellness or lack of mental hygiene is treated as something that we should hide. I know in many black communities, there's this added layer of stigma. If you go to therapy, then you're airing your business or you're betraying family privacy. We get this message that we always have to push through it and the only solution is praying on it and that's all we can do. And we should never let outsiders know that we're struggling. And so we learn to internalize it. And then we self-medicate with whatever is easiest to access from the market, which is often a shopping hall, a new outfit, a new car. Often times, instead of facing our pain headon, we buy our way around it. Because consumption is the most socially acceptable way of coping. Welladjusted, happy, fulfilled people are antithetical to capitalism. Because if people were actually happy and physically healthy and emotionally healthy, they wouldn't have to numb themselves at all. People are also working longer hours with less stability, all while being told that if they work harder, then that's all it will take and that this is an individual failing, that they're not working hard enough. Add to that the disintegration of community. I've talked about that a lot. The ways in which we've lost real connection. I mean, even right now, I'm talking to you through the camera. I wish that we could have a face tof face conversation where we can go back and forth, but there's this circularity in the way that we communicate. All of this leaves us anxious. It leaves us burnt out. And that, my friends, is how you can become a shopaholic. Of course, there's many different ways and many different reasons, but these reasons certainly expedite the process. There are some people who are sounding the alarms about how their shopping addictions ruin their lives, and I appreciate it. But the dominant narrative online that gets the most likes, that gets the most reach are the ones who approach their shopping addictions with this frivolity and pride. I am a clothes hoarder. I have so many clothes. I cannot do my laundry for 3 months and still have plenty of clean clothes to wear. My drawers don't close. I have like six loads of laundry do right now. Guess what? My closet is completely full. My drawers are completely full to the brim. I am a clothes hoarder and I I have to admit it. I have a problem, but I'm not going to stop and I will be buying more clothes. Thank you and good night. >> People are like, "Why do you work so much?" Like, okay, yeah, that's my vice, but what else do you want me to be doing? You want me to be doing drugs? This is what my room looks like every single time I'm trying to pack. It's actually insane. And I felt like I didn't have enough clothes, so I bought more because I have issues. Everything that I bought for the hand pins, and I'm only going for like 24 hours, so this is a little dramatic. Let's start. I can justify each purchase. I needed everything. >> I needed every single thing you see here. >> The oops, I blacked out again shopping personality type exists inside of a system that thrives on this very behavior. Because the reality is that our comfort and our convenience often comes at the expense of someone else's emisseration. But a shopping addict who's in the throws of their addiction is not going to stop and pause and think about that. We're not going to ask questions about who or what was exploited along the way. The onus for the fashion pollution crisis first and foremost obviously lies on corporations who are responsible for massive overp production. These companies are flooding the market with billions of garments every single year and other products because endless production means profits keep flowing. I'm never here to solely argue that individual restraint and consuming less is going to single-handedly solve the climate crisis. Capitalism is the root of the problem, not our personal shopping habits. The corporations are doing all the damage. But when your identity is built around consumption, when you proudly call yourself a shopaholic, you then become less equipped and less willing to fight against the exploitation that makes your habit possible. Your conveniences are worth more than collective liberation. How can you meaningfully fight against a machine that sustains your addiction, your hobby? If you're a proud shopaholic, are you going to join a protest against fashion pollution? Why would you demand better treatment for Amazon workers if two-day delivery is essential to your lifestyle? Because if Amazon workers were treated more humanely, you wouldn't get that package in 2 days. If production were slowed down to ensure safe working conditions, there would be less to buy. If garment workers were paid fair wages, your $10 blouse is now going to cost $40. By the way, disclaimer, just because something is more expensive, it doesn't always mean that the person who made it was paid equitably. We learned that with Dior. There's been plenty of luxury brands that have been accused of using forced labor. But every improvement that's made to the production cycle in the name of human rights is going to make your life less comfortable. It's going to chip away at your convenience. So why would you organize for those things if that meant pulling away from your addiction? You wouldn't. Not until you recognize that your freedom is built on someone else's bondage. Corporations have no reasons to fair boycots or subversion of any kind. because they know that you're a good, loyal little disciple. Right now, we are living through times that demand collective action. But if you've been conditioned to believe that you can't live without your Starbucks fix or your weekly fast fashion fix or your Louis Vuitton bag or whatever, if your entire persona is the person who can't stop shopping, why would you ever participate in a boycott or in anything that requires sacrifice? And this is how the normalization of shopping addictions manufactures our consent for the exploitation for the horrors of capitalism. A global fashion industry produces over 100 billion garments every year. And roughly 92 million tons of that clothing waste ends up in landfills annually, which is equivalent to a garbage truck full of clothes that's dumped every second. According to the United Nations Environment Program, we already have enough clothing on the planet Earth to clothe the next six generations of human beings. Yet production keeps accelerating and our compulsive consumption signals that there's more demand and corporations like to use that illusion as a justification for more overp production. When the Rana Plaza factory, which produced clothes for brands like Zara and Primark, among others, collapsed in Bangladesh in 2013 after visible structural cracks were ignored and workers were forced to return to their stations despite several safety warnings. This ended up taking the lives of more than,00 garment workers and it exposed the brutal reality of the fashion industry. >> The sound was deafening. The eight stories of Rhina Plaza pancake down into [music] rubble and then around them was total chaos. There was dust and once [music] things began to settle, they say that they just started hearing screaming and prayer and the sound of [music] over a thousand people crushed. >> The people who were stitching our $10 shirts, they literally were dying to sustain our lifestyle. Of course, corporations and billionaires again are the main culprits. But our indifference plays a part in that machinery, too. Shopaholics don't see overp production as a problem because in the short term it benefits them. So we tell ourselves that the harm is elsewhere in some factory, in some polluted river, in some far away country. We don't have to look at it and so we don't. And that's how the fashion industry keeps winning by keeping us comfortable and distracted and numb. Another excerpt from Naomi Klein's book on fire reads, quote, "So much of our economy relies on the assumption that there is always an away into which we can throw our waste. There is the away our garbage goes when it's taken from the curb. the way our waste goes when it's flushed down the drain. There's the away where the minerals and metals that make up our goods are extracted and the way that those raw materials are turned into finished products. But the lesson of the BP spill, in the words of ecological theorist Timothy Morton, is that ours is a world where there is no away. In the midst of this global web of chatter, we somehow managed to be less connected to the people with whom we are most intimately imshed. The young women in Bangladesh fire trap factories who make our clothes on our bodies. For the children in the Democratic Republic of the Congo whose lungs are filled with dust from mining cobalts for our phones that have become extensions of our arms. Ours is an economy of ghosts, of deliberate blindness. We tolerate whatever injustice that's happening in the background of our purchases. As long as our packages arrive on time and our closets are full, it doesn't matter. And that's why I say this rampid consumer culture, it produces this kind of apathy or denial. Listen, I get that a lot of the people who are bragging about their shopping addictions are very privileged influencers and their literal job is to sell you on continuing to shop and shop some more and shop a little bit more, why don't you? A lot of them are living off of someone else's money, be it their parents, husbands. they can afford to play around with shopping addictions as content because they're never going to really feel the consequences, at least not in the same way that we are. The millions of people who are watching them are not in the same position. These influencers have massive reach. And what happens is that ordinary people, people who are just trying to make ends meet, we start to internalize those same shopping habits. And I've said it before, young people who are easily influenced are not moral failures. You're not a bad person for falling into the trap. I have I did 1,000%. I was in my 20s at the peak of influencer culture in like 2015, 2016. Sephora hated to see me coming. We've all been conditioned. We've all been targeted. If this is you, then I want you to know you can always change your mind. I understand you. I was you. I have to say that learning is a part of liberation. Growth is uncomfortable, but being stagnant is a slower kind of death. A couple of weeks ago, I talked about how most influencers can't change because they're trapped in these contracts that they sign. They're owned by the corporations, by the brands that they do partnerships with. And all of this keeps them boxed in and having to be the most narrow version of themselves. But you do not have to live like that. You can unlearn. You can reimagine. And I'm not saying that it's always going to be easy. You know how it's easier to clutter a room than to clean it? Okay, I know. I I know. As a chronic, messy person. I know it's always going to be easier to learn behavior as an empty sponge than to squeeze all of that dirty water out of you and unlearn that behavior. We all want to be comfortable. We all want to experience joy and love. But these feelings can come from elsewhere. from our human connections in our lives, from making ourselves uncomfortable, from creativity, from learning a new skill, from engaging with the world in a way that is substantive. All of these things can bring us that joy in a way that is far more interesting, that is far more lasting than the fleeting feeling of ordering a package and opening it and doing it again and repeat, wash, rinse, repeat. We have to admit that our collective shopping habits are in fact a problem. It's a problem for the person who feels anxious and unhappy without their weekly retail therapy. It's a problem for the delivery driver who's lugging through the heat often with no air condition in their truck to get these packages delivered. It's a problem for the garment worker. It's a problem for our planet. And most importantly, it's a problem for any meaningful change. We need to be doing things like relearning how to use the things that we already have, repairing, learning how to appreciate when you have enough, learning how to sit with our discomfort, learning how to stop numbing ourselves with new stuff. It is not inevitable to be a shopaholic, especially when you're a woman because we talk about this all the time. Being a woman is often seen as being tantamount to being a shopaholic. And it's not it's not inevitable. Being a shopaholic is never an identity that you should carry with you. You should embrace your full humanity, not the personality, not the identity that was created for you by the market. And that, my friends, is all I've got. Definitely let me know your thoughts in the comments down below. What are your thoughts on the ways in which shopping addictions are normalized on the internet as well as in our culture as a whole? Are you a recovering shopping addict? Let me know your thoughts. And if you like this video, definitely give it a thumbs up. And if you really liked it and you want more content like this, definitely hit that subscribe button. If you want to see what I'm up to outside of YouTube, you can follow me on my social media accounts down here, as well as my Patreon, where you can contribute for $1.50 a month or $5 a month if you're feeling a little bit more generous. All of which helps to keep the lights on here on YouTube and helps me to create content like this. So, I would appreciate anything that you can give. Besides all that, thank you all so so much for watching and I will talk to you all next

  Top Comments:
  1. @octavias.9747 [1 likes]: 5:46 as that friend who does stay at home and not drink because I drink too much and put myself in the hospital and had to quit and does crochet I can say that no I am not the loser friend I'm actually the old soul of the group.
  2. @eternallyblessed8 [1 likes]: She needs more subs. Her content is true and enlightening you guys.
  3. @Rainbowhawk1993 [1 likes]: It’s moments like these that make me appreciate being a guy.
  4. @PaintwithFern: Girl, nobody carez about yourcwallet.
  5. @nightmare_0840: I love your content, I've been looking for a creator like you forever. I'm an 18yo girl and I've always been the black sheep of every single thing sponsored by consumerism and such. I have started a book where I write down things you've said, quotes and similar things because I hate taking notes on electronics. Thank you for your videos
  6. @romycarmenkootje1994: We really need to care more for the earth 🌎🌍🌏♻️🫶 and people/workers, etc.
  7. @ranian7: American greed disguised as culture. So many of poor black and immigrant communities here are overburdened by industrial pollution because of this too
  8. @daytime-denier: I have a friend that refuses to stop spending money to save for important things like school or her future wedding. 
She says its for her “mental health”. 
But those things are going out for drinks. And buying trinkets or clothes. 

She needs to give her fiancé all her money because she is incapable to not spending it. 
Its very concerning that shes equated blowing money on alcohol and seasonal home decor with mental health.
  9. @elzibabmorac3553: You're amazing. I worry about all of these issues affecting workers. I have a shopping addiction and you are just what I needed. I don't care if my front door mat is tattered and what the neighbours think. I hate throwing things in the bin. I worry all the time about where they will end up. I don't want nice things anymore I just want less rubbish.
  10. @cosplayys_and_moree: Am I a shopahollic? If I think shopping is the only fun thing to do in my town?? I actually need to know so I can fix it!!!
  11. @caseygerber1580: It makes me sad, having grown up in the 90s, that it feels like nothing has changed where consumerism is concerned. If anything, it's gotten even worse. What's so interesting to me is that most people no longer have 20 mins per hour of product ads on their TVs anymore because of the ubiquity of streaming services - and yet people have swapped that form of advertising for another one where it's even more prevalent and insidious. Social media is in your pocket 100% of the time because it's on your phone instead of your TV, and the ads are more convincing in part because they come from influencers. Even for Americans who don't have a shopping addiction, it's already difficult to keep all the "stuff" in our lives under control. When you add in that addiction, it must be an incredibly exhausting and overwhelming way to live on the day to day. Hope we can collectively break ourselves of this culture.
  12. @brookie_cuqui: "Learning is a part of liberation." ⚡
  13. @Nicole-Efsun: This problem began long before modern “influencers.” Society has collectively been led to this place by… the corporations selling their shit and the government accepting their lobbying.
  14. @isabelreal5124: Esclavos del consumismo,intentan llenar el vacío de de sus vidas con cosas materiales que no sirven para nada, en vez de llenarlas de engrandecer sus propias personas aprendiendo a ayudar a otras personas,enriqueciendo sus almas,no sé, más amor, más reciclaje. Gran video!
  15. @Betty2026-w2n: I love your video so much! 🥹 It’s very inspiring. 🤗  Thank you very much for your work!❤
  16. @TiffStacked: "Blacking out" while purchasing is a sign of a manic episode. This should not be celebrated. I too am a victim over overconsumption and i'm exhausted.  I am going to pay off my credit card debt and move on with my life. This is targeted to those who are NOT rich, and already struggling.😮‍💨
  17. @gabrielajonczyk5663: So many people could be educated and skilled if not enslave by wage capitalism - garment production, shipment/logistics, transportation and more unnecessary time wasted instead of creating medical or care workers, house sufficiency workers, children and adolescent support workers and much more...
  18. @diarosfera3499: LOUDER PLEASE
  19. @minaxxi: I definitely do have a shopping addiction although not as severe as these girls. I have always struggled with being liked or accepted and I can't seem to shake off that feeling people will like me more when I wear nice stuff. Or that my boyfriend won't look at other girls if I constantly look as pretty as I can. Sometimes when I see cute  things I can't resist. I constantly dream about buying stuff for my future apartment, about clothes I want etc. But lately I started to feel kind of overwhelmed by my stuff and things I don't really use that I own. Having a lot of stuff gives me anxiety. Can't imagine how these people can live with that. An entire closet of bodycare, 100 pairs of shoes etc.
  20. @sebastianmaker6798: I'm glad that this is being talked about. It's not a shopping addiction, but I have bipolar and one dangerous symptom is that money can stop feeling real. You spend freely, stop caring, stop thinking about the future. I had a 4 month manic episode and through a bunch of other terrible things, I ended up sleeping on someone's floor for six months while getting back on my feet. But through the actual spending, it's horrifying to look back and realise how easy it was to spend all of that money. It was a massive dopamine hit over and over, and it was rewarded.
It took forever to get out of debt, settle payday loans, and rebuild my financial stability. And maybe it's out of fear, but I now track every purchase I make in a journal that I carry with me almost everywhere.

- Shopping Addiction, Black Friday Mobs, Losing Your Religion, SNL, Anxiety Benefits, David Reimer: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] so Berto I went to Facebook just before recording this podcast and asked everyone on our Facebook page what they wanted us to talk about I threw that question like I'm about to record with Umberto what would you like us to talk that's a good idea yeah and I thought I would get you know five you know sure questions but we got like many many questions what so let's get into a pool this is the psychology in Seattle podcast I'm your host dr. Kirk Khanna I'm a therapist a professor and a person who is a bit of a completist so I might try to answer all your questions who are you bro my name is Bethel Castagna and I train people that want to learn real Harry Potter spells so the first question here is from JJ parker JJ writes compulsive buying disorder question mark Berto go for it I've never heard of such a thing oh my god yeah we've talked about this in the past this was one of my main psychological issues that I had to deal with in you know when I started therapy and things like that I I grew up in a household that had no extra money and so I guess I saw two different competing things one was in my house there is never extra money so if I wanted something I couldn't get it right that was one even further if I got something a lot of times it ended up disappearing because like my dad would sell it or something and then the other model which was my mom lived far and she would send she would shower me with material goods you know and so I guess implicitly I kind of took away okay if you've got money you got to spend it right away and actually spend more than you have and - that's kind of how you buy love right and so when I started working in high school I remember started making a little bit of money and in high school you know I lived with my parents so I didn't have a lot of expenses yet I lived with my mom and my stepdad and and they had good jobs so we you know I we had food we had I could borrow her car and so mostly I started having this dispensable income I could go to the movie so it wasn't that much at first well so fast forwarding to when you're you have a good job yeah cuz then at your and I started working in magic and teaching people spells and stuff and all of a sudden the money starts rolling right you have a lot more money than you need yeah way more than the than what I need or at least way more than I think I need because I'm not even thinking of savings and things like that yeah and so I would go to the mall and I walked by a store and I'm like oh you know what it's been a while it's been like a week since I bought clothing so I'm gonna buy some clothes right and I'd walk in and it would start this little voice inside my head would start hey what are you doing do you really need more shirts and then a louder voice would be like she of course I mean I not only do I need more shirts I have to have more shirts what what need do you think you were meeting um they were probably at least a couple one of them was this feeling of I finally can't get stuff I want so it was like the dam had burst yes and you're 18 and you're living on your own and you can buy all the candy you want yeah no one no one's there to stop me number one number two there was a little bit of shame because I remember being in the store and I didn't want the attendant the person helping me to think I couldn't afford all this stuff so I'm like oh oh the and it's like imagine the pretty woman scene but no one was ever rude to her since that it's just like imagine someone what as she walks in there you go how can we help you is like oh yeah well I'll show you wait what and so then internally I'm like oh well I should buy even more stuff interesting and they would show me like well these shoes and they're like the granite these are more pricey so you could get these other ones and I'd be like I don't know I'll take the politic the most expensive ones right and that would just be so that those those two aspects one of them was I finally can do this I can do whatever I want and the other one was well I'll show them I can totally afford this yeah yeah I find I've treated a lot of people with this problem and it can be that it can also so be a personality issue in that they and I don't know if this is a factor for you will have acquired from childhood a rebellious secretiveness so to speak because some people it becomes where they take out credit cards and their spouses names okay they rack up debt and this kind of stuff definitely that was not my problem yeah I mean it did get bad for you though right it did and where it where it started getting really bad later on was I started then mixing in that other aspect that I was talking about the buying love with money so as an example I would I remember one year for my birthday I invited like everyone from work there like 30 people or something and I paid for the entire thing oh my god this massive dinner and most of those people couldn't care if I lived or died many of them didn't like me but they were there and you know and I was for your birthday or something yeah and I was a lot of their boss like I was their boss not all of them but many of them and so they probably felt obligated to come and I paid for the whole thing must have been thousands of dollars oh it probably was and I was like yup that's what I do and and I remember one of my friends that actually is kind of like the the joke the fool in my storyline he made fun of me there he's like oh I see you're just buying your love or something like that and I'm like hey good one but I really was trying to do that yeah so with other people they will be doing it partially out of a transference I mean you kind of alluded to it a little bit you were projecting on to these sales people a thought in their head that you were rebelling against whether or not they had it or not so you you were inserting a thought into their head that I may not have been there it probably wasn't in there honestly right and if it was who cares about what was some random sales person because what I've actually found more often is they want you to buy stuff they want to sell you stuff right they're not trying to poopoo you away right they're trying to be nice yeah and a lot of them are on Commission so they don't really care what you know but some other people will have a different transference in that the their spouse is someone who they're responsible to in terms of their their finances right and because they acquired a transference from childhood where they were never able to rebel against their parents or their rebellion was complicated by something abandonment or in the u s-- or something that they have a you know retained into adulthood this underground rebellious Ness that needs to express itself well I definitely did that against myself because I I do remember having all these little debates about well okay so if you buy this you have to put on the credit card and like you don't where are you actually gonna pay that off from like which source of money it's all in my head right and in my head I go what do you mean I'll get more money next - fine Shh be quiet and then like I do it and sure enough now for some crazy reason it always didn't work out and that was the other thing that wasn't helping me because I never did I never did on credit cards I never like I never didn't make payments it almost always no it always it always worked out right and I didn't help me see that I was heading in the wrong direction I think correct me if I'm wrong the reason why is because you had extravagant tastes when it came to shall we say mid-level buying things but you've never had extravagant case extravagant taste when it comes to the big purchase items like how houses in cars that's fair I didn't go out and buy a car Ferrari or something and I but but your cars have always been extremely sensible sure yes and your houses have been very sensible too right yeah that's a good point I didn't mmm the what the part where I started getting really bad was when I started getting into expensive music gear later this was towards the end of it but like my last yeah I remember when I met you you had bought Beatles replicas yeah preamps yeah from Germany or something yeah crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I was like I don't even own a preamp yeah I've just always gotten straight into the computer and the Alaia was telling myself is two lies one of them was well I can't make a good sounding music without the most expensive [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and the second one was it's okay like I'm not buying a ton of stuff I'm first of all I'll buy some of this stuff and I'll sell it if I don't need it well and it was correct me if I'm wrong throwing money at anxiety yeah you were worried about not being successful and it's like well money often solves problems yeah let's do it and it was kind of trying to eliminate every possible variable except like practice really hard and try really hard now next question from JJ again Black Friday mob mentality what do you think bro I've never got this one you know I I see it I've seen I know people that get into that all thing it it really first of all I get very irritated with large crowds it was almost like what's a you know when you're afraid of being enclosed in a claustrophobic astraphobia yeah and and just the thought of like oh there's a deal this Friday I'm gonna go crazy what's kind of counter to your other problem of wanting to exploration there's definitely that and also I like I will say the times that I've done similar things is like and you know this like I stood in line for the opening of a movie or I stood in line yeah so do one Star Wars right or I stood in line how long were you lying like overnight all day no no we got there like like at 6:00 a.m. in the morning and it was like at 6:00 p.m. is like 12 hours but I'm also stood in line for the release of new consoles like gaming consoles and things of that really I don't do this anymore but I used to Anderson but but but something like it's Black Friday we gotta go get the deals at all at at Walmart whatever I've never quite understood that well so what I'll say to this is there are two things at play here one is is the media completely over blows the problem okay you know when you think of Black Friday you think of mobs fighting over a TV right at a Walmart or something and yeah that Ben's obviously there are videos of it but it is extremely rare okay if you filmed anything it would seem like it's a common dara there would be there's things that happen you know some people are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah I wanted to make a bet on a football game recently and I don't know if I should be announcing this because I don't know if it's exactly legal but I needed to buy Bitcoin in order to do that and I've never bought Bitcoin before and so I had that and I and it was the day of the Apple Cup which was yeah on a Friday which was Black Friday Apple Cup was on Black Friday and so I had to find Bitcoin and and the old I was just long Odyssey but eventually the internet led me to a mall around Seattle and I'm like crap I have to go to the mall on Black Friday to buy right you know Bitcoin from this ATM machine that makes sense because I own a little bit of Bitcoin and you can't just electronically on the same day it's impossible right it unless you unless you go to one of these ATM exam and so I am like she's you know and it was a pain in the ass cuz there's traffic and I actually had to park like across the street at a strip mall and walk in and stuff and I'm like man it's gonna be a madhouse right and and in the mall it just looked like a busy day but it wasn't anything unusual you know and so so one thing is like it's totally overblown the other thing that I'll say is that when you are living in a materialistic culture and you are of low class meaning you don't have a lot of money or power in the world then you're taught that your success in life is based on acquiring better and more expensive things and when there are sales that are advertised and the you know the the difference between you moving forward and up the ladder comes down to you grabbing something out of someone else's hands or waiting in line and sort of rushing in with a crowd then you're gonna do that the other thing I'll say is that whenever I hear people complaining about Black Friday it's always middle class and upper class people I never hear lower-class people complaining about it it is it is a mast classist complaint middle-class people love you know everyone Oh Black Friday Kratz blah blah blah it's like it's just like this massive excuse to beat up on the lower class I feel terrible then why are people waiting in line when you're you know casually shopping a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at the internet you know middle class throwing you poor people yeah middle class upper class people are undoubtedly more materialistic than lower class people they you know you buy more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you just do so in an upper class middle class I should walk up to those lines and be like get a job al right exactly all right now last one from Jay Jay holiday stress and depression what do you think room okay this one I can relate to I definitely the stress part oh my gosh there are years in which I've put so much pressure on myself around like the Christmas timeframe to buy like buy the gifts and wrap the gifts and part of it is I have this tradition I do with a buddy of mine it's now 28 years of this tradition and for Christmas we give each other gifts the gifts themselves are like a simple thing but they're wrapped in the most elaborate ways his thing his shtick is he'll do like these massive wrapping jobs with false bottoms and like glue and cement and wrap all this crazy stuff right and it takes me forever to look like I know my thing is as you could probably guess is scavenger hunt so I like puzzles and things he's gotta solve we've been doing this for 28 years but so I put a lot of effort into that and there's been definitely Christmases where I'm crap how how long are these scavenger hunts well to actually for him to do him for me to prepare for him to do oh it takes about an hour like multiple locations it's just in the house you're in the house there's times where I've had it in the neighborhood but usually it's confined to the house yeah okay but the point is that leading up to this a lot of times I don't yet have the idea and there's been Christmases where the idea hits me the night before and it's like this elaborate thing and so I'm working and I'm I'm up all night working on this thing and then like 6:00 a.m. hits and I haven't wrapped any of my other gifts and then my mom gets up at like 7:00 and she's like okay we're gonna do gifts at like after breakfast and I'm like I haven't slept have arrived oh yeah and this was I mean this hasn't happened to me in the recent years but this is definitely like high stress high stress and I can relate to the general anxiety of like holidays are coming and other years gone by what happened to the year like he's you know sometimes Thanksgiving rolls up on you and you thought it was still summertime that can be a little hard to process yeah I want to get back to actually just touch on a little bit more of what JJ was asking about in terms of the mob mentality of of Black Friday because it's probably what JJ is asking about yeah when you are in a crowd of people the crowd mentality or the what the crowd wants what the collective crowd wants will infect your mind so you put a I imagine there are people who go to Black Friday mobs and are like okay I'm not gonna get in a fight with anyone I'm just gonna want well I'm just gonna walk through and see what kind of deals I get and if I don't get any deals I'm not gonna break my back and as the doors are about to open and people are getting more excited and the buzz is in the air and people start running in it's very tempting to to give in to that mob mentality it that the analogous situation that I think of usually is when you go to sports games or any kind of crowd game and they have those t-shirt cannons and they've you know flag the t-shirt into the crowd the crowd goes nuts yeah typically they go crazy and these some of these events will be like you know upper class middle class people at like a Seahawks game or something yeah tickets are 200-300 dollars and these people are clamoring and grabbing and you know grasping for arguably a $5 t-shirt that they'll never wear that they don't even know what it looks like or if it fits them and because the crowd because you know you introduce this element of who's gonna get the t-shirt and it just takes over this crowd whereas if you walked up to someone after the game and said here's a random t-shirt please take it they'd be like no I'm not gonna carry that dumb thing around I don't I I don't want a dumb t-shirt I don't know what it says I don't know if it fits me get out of my face especially if you threw it at their face right but but I mean so this is another thing I absolutely have always had a thing against crowd mentality for example in even when it's not in real time like we've talked a little bit about how when like grunge came out or things like that like I've always kind of really had a dislike of movements like Oh everyone's into grunge now okay great let's be integral but especially in person if I'm in a place like Disney or something and I see a huge crowd of people gathering towards something I go the other way right like the only exceptions I could think of something like this is if literally it's like hey Paul McCartney is here and he's gonna give music lessons to the first 50 people like yeah maybe then I'll trample over people yeah but almost in every other case I don't want anything to do with it so it's just something weird and so like when you're in a concert and you see that I always get turned off I'm like ah this is such a weird like like I almost see ourselves as lemmings just running off the cliff right and I it scares me a little bit because if there's these implications about how historically crowds and mobs have acted impulsively and without conscience essentially and so maybe it's an implicit reminder of those kinds of things and I don't like it makes sense so getting the holiday stress and depression it's a bit it's a bit of a myth that depression increases during the holidays it actually on average doesn't really and if it does it's a minor signal people's depression and tends to be persistent regardless of the seasons there's also a myth about the seasons having a tremendous effect on depression and that's not true I always thought like the rainy season arson not true when they actually look at people's depression rates now for some people they might hate the weather in Seattle for example but that's different than depression in Kirk in a movie when you see the rainy scene that looks the press it's a sad thing yeah so there's that and now that this isn't to say that people don't get depressed during the holidays because because they because they might but there's an equal amount of people who actually have their depression lifted during the holidays because of you know whatever factors and I think there's a lot of reasons for this if your mother died this year then the holidays will be the first holidays you are without yet without your mother for example also there's a lot of people who aren't Christian who have to endure this like like I actually walked into Antioch today and we share the lower floor of our building is a bank Oh and so the I think it's a bank but we're on the upper two floors and so I walk in the building and I see these employees putting up a Christmas tree and I'm like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's just a blatant Christian endorsement you know what I mean and I was like oh that's the bank then I was like but still you know like why I you know is that is that Christian though well I mean I guess it is associated with it but but the weird thing is if I if I was Jewish yeah or atheist or Jehovah Witness for that matter yeah then I would be like I would I would look at that as exclusionary you know I'm sure a lot of people cope with it you know Jewish people cope with it every season right I guess my perspective might be different because growing up in Colombia when I was a kid Christmas trees were not a thing we happen to have one because my because we had because we had spent some time up here but but by the way my Christmas tree in my house in Bogota was one of those tiny little aluminum silver trees with the little spindly little things and but the thing we did have is we had a nativity scene that was the main piece of restless thoughts but it wasn't a tree was it and it was always the we did the Llano aina which was like the nine days leading up and we sang VNC codes which are the very spiritual songs every night like the what he called the carols carols yeah and it and it would there's no Santa Claus it was baby Jesus brought you the toys oh yeah and it was at midnight of the 24th like a little baby Jesus little baby Jesus brought you the toys like a toddler not toddler a baby Jesus like floated in or walked well we never saw him oh you just your pillow would grow and then underneath there would be so there was no your pillow yeah under your pillow you'd find all these gifts under your pillow yes how do they shove gifts under your pillow Jesus is magical but you're so presumably your parents would shove gifts on a baby yes but but you would walk in the room and your pillow would be like super tall oh you'd be out of the room right you wouldn't be in the room oh okay no cuz you don't be downstairs celebrating and all of a sudden it's midnight and then you'd run upstairs and lo and behold your pillow would be huge Wow and you lift it up and there's all these toys from baby Jesus Wow so the thing is when I came here the the celebration here to me seems completely secular they often st. Nicholas really is not a things like I mean you're a you're an atheist right do you have a Christmas tree yeah yeah right so Santa it absolutely is but it absolutely also is a Christian holiday yeah and in a Christian ya know and that's so so it's both so like if you're if you're a Muslim you don't celebrate right and if you're right jus maybe you do I don't know but the point is is that you know if you are not celebratory of Christmas and you live in an American right area it is going to potentially be kind of a bummer because you're it's annoying to watch so tips that I give to people and every holiday season I was going to ask this question what I tell people to do is really check in with what you want to do because there's a lot of obligations that get powned you know piled on to people's lives you have to go home maybe you don't want to go home to your to your parents house you have to go to a party maybe you don't want to go to that party you have to give gifts at work maybe you don't want to give gifts at work check in with yourself find out what you want to do and try to you know assert that want because there's no reason why you should have to do those things you know if it means a fun time right if it means bothering your parents or something then you know that's what it means and that's that's not your fault right also another thing is is to focus on connections rather than gifts with berto you and you know ruining your life Christmas Eve to have a good exchange with this friend is not the point of the gifts right the point of the gifts is the friendship and focusing on that connection rather than the perfect gift or perfect outfit is the thing that I tell people to do the other thing I tell people to do is to watch your alcohol and substance use the holidays can trigger certain I don't know avoidance or escapism and there's a lot of alcohol just around yeah and you just want to make sure that you keep an eye on that especially if you're a sober person you might have to avoid certain things and also keep seeing your therapist a lot of clients will take breaks from therapy during the month of December and that's not always a good idea well but if you if you're advocating seeing their therapist if they drink a lot they'll see two or even three of their therapists drew so let's take a break and when we get back let's continue answering questions for a facebook what do you say let's do all right we're back from the break I want to make an announcement that we've already made that we have started a program for a scholarship for a student in mental health Wow so because we met our goal on patreon we are giving out a two thousand dollar scholarship to a worthy student the qualifications are that you must be a current student in mental health with at least 12 months remaining in your education program you do not have to be a patron or listener for the applications send the following materials to the email contact at Psychology in Seattle comm you want to send proof of current enrollment in the mental health program you want to write a 5-page essay on why you think you're a good candidate for the scholarship you want to provide three personal references of people who can comment on the content of your essay this could be you know professional or academic people preferred but it could be anybody really and the submission deadline is January 31 2019 the essay should include demonstrated past commitment to making the world a better place demonstrated need for the tuition money and future goals for making the world a better place also you should know that if you win your name and headshot will be published on our website and social media so if you know of someone or you are someone that fits this bill because I know a lot of you out there are actually students apply because you could be the deserving winner so Fran wrote on Facebook to asking us about our favorite Saturday Night Live cast members past and or present when ok my favorite probably still Chevy Chase really yeah like do you go to youtube and watch Chevy Chase I mean I have I have that season on VHF VHS really yeah ok and and you like what skits basically anything news in was entertaining but I loved like it wasn't he landshark I don't know I think he was lion shark he did he did President Ford falling yeah he did the news sometime the news was great man and he was just like so dry it was weird because he became he became sort of a bad version of himself as he got older yeah he's a total dick I mean he is a it RedNet world renowned [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah I mean they have recordings of him like with Dan Harmon yes being a super douche bag really yeah oh you haven't you haven't looked into that because I've seen the community isn't it yeah so on the show he's fine but behind the scenes he's like like a really abusive angry I just I loved him in that I loved him on you know in the vacation Fletch was amazing you know I like okay so hey I'm I Chevy Chase when I was a kid I loved so I grew up with Saturday Night Live it's been on I was born before I don't remember watching it that much when I was a kid but I definitely saw it and definitely saw a vacation and Fletch and all that Chevy Chase movies and loved it too Caddyshack is great he's great in Caddyshack Caddyshack right yeah he's great in vacation and European vacation by the way and Christmas vacation I think yeah but flesh I recently read we watched it and found it to be not only a terrible movie but his style of humor in that movie is is like annoying basically it's basically like a 10 year olds version of humor I I don't not believe you because the time I saw it I was like 15 right and I liked it so I think it I think it appeals to an extremely out of adolescent person whereas I think Caddyshack although adolescent has sort of it's still it's still sort of shines today and I think vacation there are scenes in Vegas really yeah to be fair I I think Fletch I also read the book and I really liked them really yeah that's so strange so I I don't know at the time which one I liked better but I remember at the time sort of being like oh I love yeah you know so for me this is tough because I am a Saturday Night Live fan in that pretty much every day I will watch at least five archived skits on YouTube like one of the things that I love to watch is Will Ferrell and I can't remember the woman's name where they do the cheerleaders cheerleaders yeah yeah and then the music ones are really kabuki roll-call yeah you know the ones where they do the The Improv music or they do the medley yeah those are good so so to me my favorite as well is is yeah is is will Will Ferrell and Kristen Wiig so Kristen Wiig is another person so my criteria for because really you got to say John Belushi dan Aykroyd Bill Murray Chevy Chase Gilda Radner you know that E Murphy Eddie Murphy Murphy is after that but there are certain classics where you have to say well of course those are the best and they're often cited as the best but to me for my criteria is who do I click on YouTube when I want to watch an old an old skit and it's Will Ferrell and Kristen Kristen Wiig I can't go wrong every single one of those skits whereas watching John Belushi do the samurai guy it's like okay you know Cheeburger Cheeburger Cheeburger it's like okay I totally hear you there I a part of it what it is for me is so you grew up watching Saturday Night Live Yeah right yeah I didn't yeah the first time I watched Saturday night up Saturday Night Live I think is when I moved here I was 15 years old and I went over it was a Saturday I went over to a friend's house and they're like all right so we're gonna do this that we were playing with our bikes all these things and then as it got later it's like all right we're gonna watch almost live and then Saturday Night Live and I'm like what live what live that right so for those who don't know in Seattle just before Saturday Night Live in the 80s and 90s we had our own Saturday Night Live that was a Seattle and it was called almost low it's really good yeah so I had no idea and I got kind of confused is that live live live live what's all this live stuff and then we watched an end Bill Nye was on that Science Guy we watched it and I loved it I loved both of them actually I liked the low 5 version you know and and then when I finally saw Saturday Night Live this was at the time with Dana Carvey Mike Myers you know like really funny stuff right oh it had the voice dude who died Phil Hartman yeah all these things right what was Kevin Nealon like it was a great time yeah and so I thought wow this is amazing I think Julia Louie Dreyfus was on it - yeah and so then my buddy's like oh you should have seen it back when it started or something of course they didn't watch it back then but they they knew about it and I remember I you could go and rent some VHS tapes from the it wasn't a blockbuster back then whatever it was they had some of the old SNL's and I rented one of the like first season SNL or some like that and and I was like whoa because it seems so subversive yeah so different and and I loved to me Chevy Chase was like the embodiment of that mentality of like hey we're just gonna break some rules here and it's gonna be almost like it's not TV and I thought wow I've never seen something like this yeah so honorable mentions to me our Bill Hader Chris Parnell Andy Samberg Fred Armisen Mike Meyers sprockets Maya Rudolph Jason Sudeikis Taran Killam who doesn't get enough love he was on until about five years ago and he was every character he did I thought was hilarious and I and I he just dropped off the face of the earth and I don't understand what Alan you'd recognize him if you saw him he was in a lot of skits like from I don't know 10 years ago to five years ago it will forte macGruber is hilarious and actually currently I I love the current the current crew I find to be some of the funniest people who have ever been on Saturday life and I think the writers are doing a lot better now - kyle mooney would Vanessa Bayer Cecily strong the tall brown-haired girl she's hilarious yeah there are some years where it really dropped off right yeah got real and then I heard it got really good again yeah the the Will Ferrel times the Kristen Wiig times but I feel like there was a time in the 90s when I think it was not doing so well Beck Bennett idat Bryant Kate McKinnon are all people that so I think there's a there's a in the past ten years I also think that as I get older for whatever reason I appreciate it more I think when I was younger I was like well this isn't very funny but as I get older I appreciate the show because I've gone to more live comedy and realize how hard it is sure you know they have to come up with this show and like the week prior yeah and they are doing it live right obviously and so to me it's it's like even if a skit isn't all that funny I'm like well for the constraints it's hilarious yeah and like I'll go to improv where you know they'll do improvisational stuff and arguably it's not that funny but because it's improv and it's completely spontaneous I'm on the floor barely grasping for air because of they came up with that on the fly right you know and so I think Sarah alive is sort of in that direction I mean they've certainly been hitting it out of the park the last couple of years with all the Trump related stuff yeah Emily we know Emily we have met her before yeah she says what are the benefits of having anxiety what do you think I see the benefits of well it definitely make EEP you safe in some situations because you might be like I can't go on that you know car ride across the country cuz we're gonna get robbed and killed or I can't take that drug because I immediately have an allergic reaction to it okay you know one of mine is that I save money on a lot of coffee yeah I don't know that's what she said sorry Wow plagiarism alert well so I'm looking at Kate so this is a little peek behind the curtains so I am I mean I'm looking at my notes and I'm like that doesn't sound like something I would say but I wrote it down so I have to read it to read it you're like a newscaster just reading the teleprompter exactly exactly in fact there is a Will Ferrell skit on SNL about that where come you know they rent that the teleprompters run out and like chaos completely that's like the anchorman right is that from anchorman yeah okay I'm sorry I thought that was yes no but yeah so so she said one of the benefits of having anxiety one of mine is I save money on caffeine that's hilarious and it's even more humiliating hilarious that I thought that was what I wrote down because as as it was coming out of my mouth I'm like that is not true about me why why did I write that down anyway all right so benefits of having anxiety there aren't many honestly because anxiety is awful but the if I was to really stretch it I would say that people with anxiety have empathy for other people with anxiety or just I mean do you do you have an excited you feel um excited I used to for sure I used to have panic attacks we've talked about this right yeah right yeah not a lot but it was not pleasant and I think that because of that actually it led me to psychology yeah and so I think that another benefit I suppose is it might help you to figure out what you want to do with your life through treatment with therapists and/or self you might learn emotional awareness and regulation skills that other people don't have but in general I cited just sucks you know and anyone who's like you know yeah anxiety it's like you could probably say there are good things about having terminal cancer yeah right but it also totally sucks yeah Gaby wrote on Facebook how a therapist profession affects their personal life well I'll answer this one I it's hard to know exactly because I was always psychologically minded but I would imagine that I'm much more self-aware as a result of being a therapist I'm probably a better communicator and I'm probably much more aware of my own attachment needs and and I focus on attachment needs rather than focusing on silly things like staying up all night and wrapping a present yeah so that is my benefits Vincent wrote maybe something about dissociation and depersonalization yeah I'll take this one too someone else asked me about this recently depersonalization de realization it's awful so essentially what happens for those of you don't know is when you're traumatized early in life say you know zero to six your brain has a number of different choices it can utilize to cope and we seem to be born with these mechanisms and one of them is dissociation where your personhood escapes from the situation while your body is remaining so it's it's when your so say you're being sexually abused by your grandpa and you you don't want you don't want to be there you don't want to experience that but your grandpa is bigger and can hurt you and so your body stays but your mind goes and early in life this mechanism is possible later in life it's not like you can't dissociate in general at the age of 25 for the first time you learn it we seem to be able to do this early in life and there are various different forms of this there's just regular dissociation where you kind of just check out and you're sort of in a daze and you you you have a hard time concentrating and you're not really there and it takes a while for you to come back into your body sometimes you will feel like they're sort of floating and there's also dissociative identity disorder where you're your personality or actually splits into different alters and different alters will step forward and take the abuse and different alters will be protected alters will be protected from the abuse and that will be retained into adulthood all these are retained into adulthood and another one is depersonalization where you will go into the back of your mind and you'll feel sort of for a long time and some people can be in this state for four weeks where they feel like they're watching a movie of their life happening remember and get out when he was watching from afar yeah it was sort of like that and it's really distressing imagine you're walking around in life and you're living your life normally but you never feel like you're really connected to the world and it's not just kind of trippy you know such as iku this is weird it's actually extremely depressing and anxiety provoking and demoralizing and distressing dissociative identity disorder is the same way when people dissociate when people have dissociative identity disorder depersonalization it's a lot of suffering and it's really awful and the treatment is dissociation focused therapy and trauma focused therapy and there's there's ways to deal with it one in the short-term is just learning how to detect it learning how to ground yourself how to avoid triggers that make you go into it's similar to PTSD and they're often coinciding but in the long term trauma recovery and habituation to the trauma well but often reduce the dissociation to nothing so there are things you can do but it takes a long time and it's really awful Wow Nina wrote the psychology of David reamer do you know David reamer no let me tell you a short story about David reamer you might have heard that you might have heard the story but remember the details so David reamer a Canadian man born male in 1965 and his penis was accidentally destroyed during a botched circumcision as a baby ah what and the doctors convinced the parents to raise him as a girl I had it how does that happen it happens you know there's there's a percentage it's a known it's a known medical phenomenon that you know when you have millions of circumcisions one out of every 10,000 or something I don't know the exact size just like chopped it or something like yeah god yeah I mean a slip of the hands you know like yeah so at the age of twenty-two months so he was raised as a girl at the you know recommendation of the physicians I'm guessing to avoid a lawsuit because it's like if they just raised him as a boy he would have you know been like so at what point am I gonna sue those doctors for mutilating me at the age of twenty two months his his testes were surgically removed Anna and a rudimentary vulva was fashioned a psychologist John John money saw it started to study this kid and was very interested John money psychologist extremely unethical psychologist decided to experiment on this kid and see if gender was socialized Abul you know what I mean yeah that you could raise a boy as a girl and she would you know be a girl and so he tried to force the kid to see himself as female and the family was in on this as well thing is he had a twin brother who was a boy by the way oh my god and the psychologist forced the twins get this this is bizarre so you can so it were already like in a horrible zone right we're already like Jesus Christ nightmare but then the psychologist janmani forced the twins you know the Brian and this I think I can't remember that what names that they gave him yeah but they forced the twins into rehearsing sexual acts whites as children living hell right because the psychologist John money was like well if I'm really gonna force this boy to be a girl I have to force these two twins into sexual positions right so so he would he would he would make David go on all fours and act like Brian was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sick like thrusting and doing this whole at what age like like children you know oh my god and John money reported on his findings and he because he was a researcher was this in the year 1300 it in 1970 ish so he wrote the child's behavior is so clearly that of an active little girl and so different from the boyish ways of her twin brother and by the way thousands of other children were also raised this way because of surgery problems or an ambiguous genitalia oh my god back in the day he was given estrogen and it made him grow breasts right and during during his teen years he was being bullied because he because he looks like a boy if you see pictures of him as a young kid he has a look of a boy who has long hair yeah and what people would make fun of him he became suicidal as a teenager and he you know he hated the psychology visits and at some point age 14 he broke down and his parents just told him the truth and he said they said you were born with a penis yeah it was it was botched and so we we've been raising you as a as a as a girl and you're actually a boy and so he decided from that point forward to be male and he started gaining testosterone injections and he he had a double mastectomy because he had breasts and he didn't want those along God he had plastic surgery to add a penis but you know that can't be very easy to do as an adult he got married adopted three children things seem to be going okay and then in 1997 he went public with the story Rolling Stone magazine wrote a article many the New York Times wrote articles the Rolling Stone magazine article won the won an award for that the New York Times was a best-selling biography and called as nature made him the twin brother Brian later developed schizophrenia and 2002 the the twin died from overdose of antidepressants and then at the age of 38 which would have been in the year so that probably the aughts I'm guessing his wife left him and then he killed himself yeah horrible story right there's a lot of stories like this what happened to that stupid that the the monster janmani I think he was I don't know I in this story that I looked up I think he was scot-free you know because it was a well I guess I can't speak to that I didn't see anything written about that but yeah he should have been strung up and so what can we learn from this one is is that our society is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid when it comes to gender and circumcision probably shouldn't be done it's not necessary I actually have looked into circumcision do you know much about it no I mean just what no I don't yeah so it's unclear so there are certain benefits according to research that it's Clint Clint more clean less likely for infection this kind of thing but you can also it also is risky so you could have botched circumcisions or infections from the circumcision itself or you can lose all sensation because of nervous cutters right even in a corner quote successful circumcision or your skin could be so tight that you could have problems you know later in life and so there are problems with circumcision and there are problems without it so the the general feeling among experts who really look at this objectively is that there's there's not really a huge benefit to doing it and if doing it leads to situations like this right it's like maybe we shouldn't be doing it right right I mean it's also it's quite interesting just for I don't know a million years I'm not even talking about gorillas now I'm just how about humans yeah for a million years probably just dealt with their penises as they were yeah and then all of a sudden it was like hey one small group of people smile it's like hey you know what you know what be really I mean we don't have to deal with like the little cheesy smegma or whatever the hell so why don't we just chop off the skin yeah and then from there on that became a thing for a portion and then I grew a little bit and right so so it seems it's so mainstream circumcision in America that it's hard to really recognize how weird it is yeah to illustrate it let's say that a small group in Utah decided with all their young girls that you know within a couple weeks of being born they were going to cut off a portion of the labia yeah because research shows that that infections because infections can you know and maybe they prove that with this it there's slightly less possibility of infection it should also be noted that people today are extremely clean yeah so the chance of you getting an infection from a non circumcised penis is pretty pretty small compared to when we existed you know five thousand years ago but let's just say that in Utah a small group of people started cutting the labia of it do you know how crazed our country would be about that and yet every day there are young baby boys with their penises being you know a portion of their penis being cut off yeah because of this old old tradition and it's weird and you know and now if that from what I understand the risks are pretty low and there are some benefits so if you're a parent and you decide to do it it's it's really not the end of the world because they have it down to a science now you know they there's the people who do it do them all day long I'm guessing and so you know it's it's not on the scale of things it's not that big of a deal but it is odd I just think yeah I mean so one perspective could be like okay well it's definitely not like as nature intended to slice open the mother's belly and pull out a baby but that's something that is that's not they're not doing that for for aesthetic purposes yeah or a tradition they're doing that because the baby or the mom might die right I agree but but I guess what I'm saying is so I definitely agree that at the same time clearly we do some things in modern times that are not quote unquote as nature in Kenya right but that's not the criteria it's not is this what nature intended that's that's not the criteria the criteria is is it medically necessary do the benefits outweigh the risks that's always the the question and maybe it's because it's a little baby that doesn't have a say in the matter but see and that's the other question that is does the individual having this procedure done on them have us do this you know can they opt in or out and so those two questions are obviously like well the benefits actually don't outweigh the the the cost yeah they're pretty much equal so and you don't need to do it there's there's not a huge reason to do it because getting a little shmegmer cause you should have pulled this foreskin back and showered a little bit more isn't the end of the world how about educating the kids on that front right it takes two seconds to teach a child right hey hey when you're in the shower do the following back reset right the and the other thing is is how many people like this kid who had this happen to him would have opted out of the surgery if given the choice so so that's so that's one thing we can see the other thing we can see here is so circumcision is an issue here gender is an issue here and I just find it just bizarre it's like I don't know I don't even want to get into it but I I just I find it so weird I I just I'll put my foot in my mouth I'm sure but anyway the other thing we can see here is that without oversight of ethical practices in research this is what happens and we kind of saw the worst of it up until the 70s you had the Zimbardo Stanford Prison Experiment ethical nightmare you have this example and many other examples and then in the 80's 90's we started to a institute a lot of really strict rules on research ethics and you don't see stuff like this anymore in the world like that shock experiment that was questionable well yeah but less of a problem because you're talking about the Milgram experiment the person being shocked was not being shocked oh oh yeah no it's that the other people thought they were shocking it's still a little problematic in that you're putting someone through a experiment in which they have they're being asked to and often did a harm a person harm another person which is traumatic to that person good point so you shouldn't do that anyway but but anyway yeah so you can't do stuff like that anymore for some good reason as I said maybe what I confused I recently watched ghostbusters again and you know at the beginning of the movie he's shocked dr. Venkman is shocking all right so let's answer one more question April we all know April April is helping run the fan page along with Lyndon and Emily I think Emily is now on boys stepping up to the fan page yeah April asks the psychological effects of leaving a religion you are raised with berto what psychological effects psychological if we don't have a lot of time so just keep it to the psychological effect it's traumatic no it's tough man because you you basically are there's something in your head that feels as real as anything else you you believe is real and that that the main message is if you don't do blah you will like pay the ultimate consequences for all of eternity and yet you have all these other signals saying but maybe I should go in this different direction and there's a lot of societal pressure family pressure and things and so I often equate it and maybe unfairly so but I often call it like coming out of the closet about your your beliefs you know because it is intimidating and what's one would my parents say well when my family's saying and and then you almost for me there's also this aspect of like but what if I break their heart cuz like that's what they believe in see how they tough yeah it's it's a complicated topic there are lots of different versions there's your version you're talking about there are other versions where the religious community is fine with it they're just like okay that's cool whatever and there's somewhere you can get killed and there's places you can get killed and there are places where you'll be disowned there are other people who just kind of drift away and there's and they don't really even notice that they've drifted away and it's like 20 years later and they're just like I guess I don't really believe anymore or something and so there's a lot of different paths psychological effects again it really just depends on the person I think there are a lot of interesting phenomenon that happened with people I find that people in my circle in Seattle there's a lot of people who were raised Christian and don't identify as such anymore and I find that they unknowingly are still very Christian oh really yeah I mean the the basic premises of Christianity are still with them but they don't really stated a psyche stone it's not a person that write things well like like the universe is fair for example you know that's a that's a Christian belief that God is watching and bad people will get bad things and good people will get good Oh like is it kind of like a karmic retribution and I think well that it's glad you brought that up so Americans who were right vast majority race Christian have a total bastardized understanding of what karma means sure to to Americans what's common means is what you say but that's actually a Christian belief that they've that they've crafted on that term karma the term Karma in in India is very different from that you know newsflash you know adopting a very complicated Eastern philosophy notion is not always understood by us right karma is much more having to do with just kind of like your fate or how you how to say I'm gonna bastardize it too but from what I understand it's more like that the weave between fate and your decisions and how your life is kind of already you know planned out before you buy the universe and you also will play a role in that is it that is your karma but so that's a classic example of just like people walking around going like ooh bad karma good karma I got bad karma I got good karma you know all the kind of stuff it's like no you're just you're just useless which is fine I suppose but you're still using a Christian belief system where God and Jesus do good things to good people and bad things to that be well I actually it depends on on which model because if you're more on the Catholic or more traditional side it is more karmic in in the real sense because you're thinking no there is a path for you that you have some choices in but ultimately you're not gonna get retribution in this life you're gonna get some answer in the next life yeah whereas but but that's not true of all aspects of Christians I'm in fact many of my friends in high school believed a lot more in in demon warfare and an immediate consequences in this life so they really believed like you know because they believed in miracles right they believed you absolutely pray things happen you and then demons are interfering and all these things so I think there's some there's a part of this belief system that is definitely like if you do something bad right now in a week something bad might happen to you right so the psychological effects are pretty numerous you know being raised in a certain mentality and a certain group there are a lot of things for example with me I grew up in a Christian Church and that was from my memory fairly liberal at least I don't remember politics being talked about and when I and when it was talked about I remember looking at those people and saying you're weird like why are you bringing politics into this like I was playing the song imagine with my friend on the piano in church and this this new woman who had just joined the church walked over and said oh that's a devil song because he talks about there's no heaven above us no hell below and we just kind of looked at her and like you're dumb this is a beautiful song and you know you know he's just listened to the whole song like that's not what he's saying he's not like anti-religion he's just like imagine if we all got along that is like the central premise of our version of Christianity like don't worry about religion worry about love and getting along with they don't worry if other people believe in God or not it's about loving each other and so that felt that was the vibe and I was a part of a youth group and we would get together like once or twice a week and there was a lot of talking about emotions and feelings and together you know being together and self-reflection and you know it was basically group therapy when I was like 13 years old yep and I think that that had an effect on them I had a good youth group to that church I went to in Tacoma I should say before I moved up here I never went to church because my dad wouldn't allow it but up here I started going to church and I had a good youth group I had a good youth what they call youth minister or youth pastor or whatever and that's where I met one of my best friends divers Oni divers Oni was in my math group good-looking tie yeah I could look into and we we had a lot of fun times and it was pretty well-meaning and pretty healthy environment actually cool well we only got about I don't know one tenth through the question so I guess we'll have to save them for another time what do you say bro yep we will all right well that does it for that episode of psychology in Seattle again if you know of anyone who can apply for the scholarship email us at contact at psychology in Seattle comm to inquire and that does it for that episode please take care of yourself because you deserve it

  Top Comments:
  1. @StufftheMagicDragonBurner [1 likes]: I'm an Atheist and I'm not bothered by Christmas. I don't really see it as a religious Holiday. Every Atheist I have ever talked to  feels the same way. It's actually propaganda that the Christian radicals are often pushing. Like you are not aloud to say Merry Christmas in a Store, but I'm sure some people feel different.
  2. @StufftheMagicDragonBurner: Yeah I thought Fletch was so boring as a kid, but I seen Fletch Lives the sequel recently and it was pretty good.
  3. @emeraldpilgrimfireuma: Suicide rate does not increase during X-Mess?  Confession, I criticize most aspects of X-Mess.
  4. @stuartp2006: I'm actually pretty sure I heard Berto die from sympathetic pain. RIP Berto
  5. @user04683: I’ve worked with all different kinds of psychologists and psychiatrists. Kirk your style is so relaxed and informal - keep up the great work mate :)

The shopping craziness (at this scale) was seems to be unique to America. I believe it’s more cultural then psychological. I have a grandfather in America and he eats 3 times more then a non-American. It’s a very spoilt society. From what I can see, it goes back to the cheap food instilled in American life since the 1950s. Unfortunately, this is just a form of avarice. I use food as an example but you can apply it to society generally.

Personally I think the asshole point that you make Kirk is somewhat flawed. If this was a main factor and cause, people would die and get injured in Black Friday in other countries too right? I believe it comes down to a very specific culture inspired by avarice, home environment, and low self-esteem.
  6. @CrazyBoah7: Thanks for doing this podcast. This is sad to listen to, because I know someone close who compulsively buys stuff. I was gonna ask for you to do a podcast about it, but you already did! Merry christmas :-) how can I help someone who has this?

- America is DOOMED to CONSUME: Kind: captions Language: en from weekend Mall trips to midnight scrolling American shopping is transformed from a weekend activity to a 24/7 what began as browsing cataloges has evolved into endless algorithms pushing us products that we thought we needed today nearly 6% of Americans struggle with compulsive buying disorder but I believe this number is under reported from 2024 surveys one in three Millennial and gen Z participants admit having a shopping addiction as our $5 trillion retail e omy shifts online delivery boxes Replace shopping bags and algorithms predict our desires but how did we go from anticipating seasonal sales to impulsively clicking buy now transforming retail therapy into a national disorder while today's shopping addiction may seem like a modern problem its clinical recognition dates back over 130 years in 1892 French psychiatrist Valentin magnan first coined the term onom Mania literally meaning buying Madness in his translated psychiatric lectures that same year the condition was described as a stigma of degeneration in the influential book degeneration written by Max nordal by 1909 renowned psychiatrists Emil kelan and later Eugene blower had included omnom Mania in their groundbreaking psychiatric textbooks crepin specifically defined it as a pathological desire to buy without any actual need and in great quantities classifying it alongside other impulsive control disorders like kleptomania pain is for dumb [Music] what's fascinating is how these early psychiatrists were able to recognize what we see today the uncontrollable urge to purchase regardless of necessity or consequence long before the Advent of credit cards television advertising or the internet shopping that has supercharged this disorder in modern America from all the studies and surveys I was able to get my hands on it appears that women are more likely to suffer from this addiction than it is for men I was able to experience this firsthand from my mother I went on her Amazon account last year she had over 300 orders in a single year that's nearly one order per day and I knew this because there was a box at our doorstep almost every single day and I had to bring it in but women aren't the only ones who suffer from compulsive buying disorder men do too and so do I I just recently spent over $200 on clothes they're all right behind me me here are all the clothes there are even more that I wasn't holding in my hands I even bought 24 socks they came in six packs and I bought four of them 24 socks well not all my purchases are that bad luckily I'm able to throw away some of my old socks that have holes in them in the toe boxes or in the heels a lot of these socks they're going to finally go in the trash I had planned to open these packages for you try them on for you but the video files got corrupted so I can't just magically open the packages up again at the end of the video I'll show you how much they originally cost and how much I spent on them I like to do a lot of my shopping by finding deal Finders on X however this has just really led to a serious problem for me and probably for so many others Dr Donald W black born in 1956 is an American psychiatrist who has significantly contributed to our understanding of compulsive shopping and other behavioral addictions his academic Journey includes an honors degree in human biology from Stanford University a medical degree from the University of Utah and a masters in preventative medicine from the University of Iowa his research has focused on severe personality disorders and behavioral addictions making him particularly valuable to the study of compulsive buying disorder in his 2001 article yes nearly 25 years ago before the invention of Amazon Prime and before PayPal went public on the stock market many observations were brought to the Forefront in Dr Black's a review of compulsive binding disorder was published in World psychiatry in the study there are many notable and profound findings for example there is evidence that compulsive buying disorder may be hereditary and first-degree relatives of addicts are likely to have one or more major depression alcohol or drug use disorders and anxiety disorder the symptoms of this shopping addiction are quite self-explanatory devoting significant time on shopping and spending behaviors there is typically no exclusivity between the two the urges and satisfactions are not met until a purchase has been completed Dr Donald W black denotes the four phases of compulsive buying disorder as follows number one anticipation number two preparation number three shopping and number four spending in the first phase the person with compulsive bind disorder develops thoughts urges or preoccupations with either having a specific item or with the act of shopping in the second phase the person prepares for shopping and spending this can include decisions on when and where to go on how to address and even which credit cards to use considerable research may have taken place about sale items new fashions or new shops I want to briefly interject and share some opinions about this preparation phase of compulsive buying disorder specifically with the credit cards because I have two credit cards and they they're cash back credit cards and every quarter there's a 5% category for each of my credit cards right now I have a Chase credit card that I get 5% cash back when I use at a grocery store so it's very effective and beneficial for me to use that specific Chase Card at the grocery store my other card is a Discover card I'm not exactly sure what the 5% category is this month uh this quarter I should know this it would be wise of me to know this it could be at restaurants Amazon shopping or at gas stations I'm just not sure if I want to use my credit cards most effectively I would shop the 5% category but I think that this could lead to overspending in that category for example right now I've been shopping a lot at the grocery store trying to really stockpile items that I can freeze and I've even thought about before the quarter ends buying a gift card at the grocery store for the grocery store that I shop at this time of recording I'm really not sure if that's a wise decision or not just as just to get 5% cash back or save 5% if you can buy a $100 gift card and get $5 back and so you're really only paying $95 for it it seems like a a no-brainer to do it it's just that my finances are really bad right now the third phase involves the actual shopping experience which many individuals with compulsive buying disorder describe as intensely exciting and can even lead to a sexual feeling finally the ACT is completed with a purchase often followed by a sense of let down or disappointment with oneself in a study of the antecedants and consequences of compulsive buying disorder Milton bger reported that negative emotions for example depression anxiety boredom self-critical thoughts anger were the most commonly cited antecedants to Compulsive buying disorder while Euphoria or relief from the negative emotions were the most common consequence Dr Black peels back the curtain on The Secret World of shopping addiction surprisingly or unsurprisingly these Shoppers hunt alone it's their secret thrill their secret compulsion they're not just at luxury stores either they're scouring everything from high-end boutiques to garage sales proving this disorder doesn't discriminate by income the shopping cart tells a story clothes shoes music jewelry but here's the twist it's rarely about that one expensive item instead Dr Black discovered these Shoppers are drowning in quantity accumulating mountains of moderate purchases that financially devastate them over time the psychology is haunting 85% lie awake worrying about their debt while 74% describe a terrifying loss of control in stores most heartbreaking an overwhelming 92% desperately fight their urges and still fail three out of four shopping impulses end in surrender and purchase perhaps most revealing is what happens after the buy many develop bizarre rituals returning items never unwrapping the items or simply giving them away this suggests that the dopamine hit of buying the item purchasing the item is what drives the addiction it was never about owning the item in the first place at first I was just curious about shopping addiction I've been worried about the American Consumer I hear and read all the time that credit card debt is at all-time highs and it's like why why and I can only think of one thing and it's just people overc consuming I didn't even know that there was a compulsive buying disorder until researching this topic learning about all this stuff has really thrown me for a loop because I didn't think I had a problem until learning about this topic and I realize I have a really bad problem Dr Black talks about quantity I bought 24 socks damn D it why do I need 24 socks at one point I was buying sneakers because I'm also a runner I do weightlifting and strength training but I'm also a runner I used an account on X called sneaker shouts I recently recommended it to my brother but I had to tell him be careful use it responsibly one time I was going on a buying spree buying all kinds of running sneakers buying sneakers after recently buying sneakers I didn't need new sneakers but I just kept buying them I thought I was getting the deal of a lifetime I didn't realize that there's deals all the time and tomorrow there's going to be a new deal and the next day it just goes to show that there's never a deal that's like out of this world and the last deal on planet Earth you know the biggest issue with my shopping addiction is sales and Deals and when there's a sale or a deal I have to go above and beyond to buy excessive amounts of quantity that way I can lock that price in in fear that I'll never see a deal again and I don't know why I think like this because I see deals every single day I just don't know what happens to me but when I'm caught up in the moment it's like the urgency and the thrill is just unreal I had no idea that this was a problem Dr Black's research exposes the dark psychological underbelly of shopping addiction that few realize exists these aren't aren't just people who like to shop these are individuals battling a perfect storm of mental health challenges the shocking truth up to 100% of compulsive buyers yes potentially every single one suffer from mood disorders like depression or bipolar disorder even more disturbing up to 80% struggle with crippling anxiety disorders creating a vicious cycle where shopping temporarily soothes the very anxiety It ultimately worsens the spiral doesn't end there nearly half battle substance abuse disorders desperately seeking chemical relief alongside their shopping high and in a particularly troubling connection up to 35% suffer from eating disorders suggesting a fundamental disturbance in self-regulation that spans multiple behaviors perhaps most revealing is Dr Black's discovery that 60% of these Shoppers have personality disorders while there's no single shopping personality many display obsessive compulsive traits avoidant behaviors or the emotional instability of borderline personality disorder this isn't just excessive spending it's a complex psychological condition where shopping becomes self-medication for profound emotional wounds what begins as retail therapy transforms into a desperate attempt to fill an unfillable void before we conclude let's jump to today's headlines where shopping addiction has transformed in ways early researchers could have never imagined major Publications from Barren to BBC are documenting a disturbing evolution in our relationship with consumption these aren't just academic observations their urgent warnings about how technology algorithms and pandemic isolation have created The Perfect Storm for compulsive buying in the digital age from an article posted in the Atlantic in 2019 consumerism in the US has reached an all-time high in 2017 we spent $240 billion on Goods such as jewelry watches luggage books and phones twice as much as in 2002 even though our population grew by only 133% during that time this is not to mention that 81 pounds of clothes and textiles that each American throws away annually or the 26 million tons of plastic we collectively dispose of each year financial planners such as Kevin Thompson credit younger Generations shopping addictions to their growing life stressors such as student loans lower job prospects and inflation as a way to release dopamine and decompress imagine walking into a casino where the slot machines never stop spinning the timers are always counting down and everything costs less than your morning coffee welcome to teu what experts are calling digital shopping on steroids the BBC investigation reveals how this app weaponizes psychology against vulnerable Shoppers its interface is deliberately designed like a slot machine complete with spinning wheels flashing rewards and countdown timers creating false urgency as behavioral addiction expert Professor Mark Griffith explains they've mixed shopping and gamification perfectly what makes teu particularly dangerous for those with compulsive Mindy disorder is its price strategy at just $22 for dog toys or under $10 for most items Shoppers develop what one user called the not worth returning mindset the quality might be terrible one Shopper describ products arriving with a horrific smell of chemicals but at those prices who cares most alarming is U's business model they're deliberately operating at a loss selling products so cheaply that even manufacturers can't compete with their retail prices it's a calculated strategy to eliminate competition while creating dependent customers while experts stop short of calling it clinically addictive retail analyst Neil Saunders puts it bluntly Teemu is as addictive as sugar The Experience gives consumers a dopamine hit that keeps them coming back for more as Regulators struggle to catch up with allegations of data breaches and even Force labor in their supply chain Teemu has already changed online shopping forever with giants like Starbucks and Sephora now racing to add similar gamification to their platforms let's try to wrap up this video I had previously recorded this I'm telling you you have to believe me I had opened up all the packages tried on all the clothes I'm telling you that the videos got corrupted everything got corrupted I had to redo 90% of this video and it's been terrible almost wanted to scrap the entire project thought about just like maybe deleting this YouTube channel like I don't know I'm getting really discouraged lately and I only just started right so that's not good let's do something different I'm going to show you what I bought I'll tell you what the retail price is what I actually spent on it suck socks I told you I bought one 2 3 four there's six packs as well so 24 socks each pack is 22 bucks I bought these running pants these pants are size medium I have recently lost 30 lb so yes and no did I need to buy clothes absolutely not and a lot of these clothes I'll probably never wear and unfortunately I can't return them because they're final sale but I have some clothes that do not fit me anymore here are some Levis I've had these for five years or so check this out I don't even know what style these Levis are the Tag got worn away my waist is definitely not 34 anymore these have not fit me for some time I'm not going to get rid of them because there's a good chance I will probably gain the weight back it's happened before I don't know if it'll happen again check it out they're stained pretty good and of course I had to buy two the retail on these 59 us here I got these shorts I thought I need some shorts for the gym and I thought these were like pretty cool I tried them on these are also size medium they don't fit oh but what am I going to do about it so if I lose 10 more lounds maybe they'll fit or I need to just try to sell them the retail is actually 59 so maybe I can resell them on eBay and actually make money on these shorts that don't fit you already know I had to buy three of them these were called like 2000 baggie or something like that check out some of the like red on them I think that actually looks pretty cool it's interesting the retail goes for $89 they're super baggy they're actually pretty cool my only regret is not buying more I got two of these pants they were called like beach pants or something like that pretty cool these ones are this like red coral corduroy they're size large these are $59 retail I don't like everything I bought but I do like these these are the other Beach pants also size large we have a discount tag for $14.99 but I don't even think I paid that much I think I paid less different color these will probably get stained real fast after one night of going out I bought two coats this and they're both like these camos this this was called like a red Tiger Camo an Oakley coat honestly the coat looked more comfortable and more warm online I don't love it in fact I like this jacket better and I didn't think I would this one is $79 I quite like it a lot actually I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan for whatever reason Urban Outfitters had Dallas Cowboys beanie of course the Winter's almost over I have plenty of beanies do I need this absolutely not MSRP on this bad boy 40 bucks do not ask me I was on my Jeff Hardy BS when I bought this $40 Champion you could see my whole belly button and everything and uh honestly I'll probably never wear it that was a total snc in cost right there like a western style shirt floral but it really doesn't fit that well just another impulse buy this is a size large a medium might have fit me better 79 retail I actually got two of these shirts just in case I like this purchase the quality is quite frankly it's ass hey if anything happens to it I have a second one I have a backup retail is $49 if you paid $49 for this that's crazy here's the other one still in bag and then I got a couple nice sweatshirts size large 69 retail price it was on sale 80% off or something like that size large 69 retail price if they had more colors colors I would have bought I would have bought those too that's what I bought I really went overboard I spent like I said 200 bucks or more I much would have rathered having that money back I've been investing a lot saving a lot I would rather be putting that money into a high interest savings account I have a 4% High interest savings account it's probably got 100 bucks in it I'm hoping to build it up to like two or $3,000 I really wish I could get that $200 back if I could return all that stuff I would man I I enjoyed shopping I stayed up real late shopping and buying the items adding them to my cart oh my God so much fun but it's this it's like a PTSD it's after the fact I don't even want to wear this stuff I just want to return it I already got the joy I don't want to I don't want to wear this stuff I don't want to wear it out I don't go anywhere I don't I don't get dressed up I wear workout clothes and lounging around clothes at home before bed you know I don't go out much I on have purpose for these clothes I really made a mistake and it's not the first time I made a mistake like that with the sneakers a couple years ago at the running sneakers I don't know it comes and goes it's like a wave cuz I've been good for a while but recently have been really bad like I said I've been buying a lot of of groceries at the grocery store trying to maximize this 5% cash back but it's like you have to spend money in order to to get the cash back and if I go too far into debt I'm not going to be able to pay off my credit card and I'm going to be paying interest all over again it's a vicious cycle I thought I was clear of compulsive buying disorder clearly I'm not clearly I have many flaws if you suffer from an addiction if you suffer from a personality disorder if you suffer from shopping addiction and compulsive buying disorder know that you're not alone know that you're looking at somebody right now who might operate on the street as completely normal you know I'm a I love the shot baby

- What causes addiction, and why is it so hard to treat? - Judy Grisel: Kind: captions Language: en As of 2021, more than 36 million people worldwide were estimated to be experiencing substance abuse disorder. This condition spans a spectrum of patterned drug use that causes issues in a person’s life. At the more severe end of the spectrum is substance addiction. To understand why some people are more susceptible to addiction and why it can be so difficult to treat, let’s take a look at how addictive drugs affect the body. When someone repeatedly uses an addictive substance, their brain may adjust to account for its regular presence. This is called tolerance; it diminishes the drug’s effect and means more is required to produce the same experience. Alcohol, for instance, increases the transmission of chemical messengers like endorphin and GABA, which promote sensations of pleasure and calmness. When someone uses alcohol frequently, their brain will adapt to its presence. So when they don’t use it, their brain receives fewer signals from those pleasure- and calm-inducing neurotransmitters, which impacts their energy and mood. In addition to the unique effects each addictive substance has, all of them alter the release of dopamine in a brain region called the nucleus accumbens. This area is part of the brain’s reward pathway, which is sensitive to experiences that give us pleasure and drives us to repeatedly seek them out. The reward pathway is essential to our well-being— but addictive substances also exploit it. When someone is repeatedly using a substance and their body has adapted to its presence, they may develop dependence where the drug is necessary for them to function comfortably. Meanwhile, repeated use can decrease the influence of the brain’s cortex, which is responsible for driving deliberate decision-making and limiting impulsive behaviors. And it can increase the influence of the brain’s subcortex, which is crucial in habit-learning and impulsivity. Together, these changes can make someone feel a lack of control over how they’re using a substance. This can mean suffering in other facets of their life and taking risks to continue using it. If the substance leaves their system, their body's equilibrium is disrupted, so they may experience cravings that motivate thoughts and behaviors of seeking and using the drug. And if they continue without the substance, they may experience withdrawal. Opioids, for example, relieve pain and induce sedation. Withdrawal from them causes heightened pain, anxiety, and insomnia. The faster a drug reaches the brain and stimulates the reward pathway, the more addictive it is. For example, heroin and morphine have similar effects, but heroin’s chemical structure enhances its ability to penetrate the blood-brain barrier and bind to specific receptors. This makes it faster acting and more addictive than morphine. Meanwhile, compared to nicotine patches and gum, regular and electronic cigarettes are more addictive because smoking and vaping deliver nicotine to the brain fastest. Depending on their chemical structure and mode of delivery, drugs vary in how addictive they are— but people also vary in how susceptible they are to substance use disorder. Scientists think this is due to a mix of life experiences and genetically inherited traits, though neither predetermines addiction. Trauma and mental health conditions appear to make people more susceptible. And, overall, using addictive substances before 18 is considered a strong risk factor. This is in part because the reward pathways of younger brains are especially sensitive. Many of the genetic factors at play remain unknown, but some genes do seem to track with certain substance use disorders. For example, specific genes increase the risk for nicotine addiction by making certain receptors more sensitive to nicotine and withdrawal from it more difficult. At the same time, some genes actually make people more resistant to substance use disorders, such as genes that slow the breakdown of alcohol, leading to unpleasant side effects that make people less interested in drinking. In fact, one drug that treats alcohol use disorder operates with this very mechanism. Detoxing from a substance the body has become dependent on can be extremely difficult. And in some cases, abruptly quitting can also be physically risky, so it isn’t always advised. Beyond detoxing, quitting is often a long-term process. It’s aided by treatment plans that prioritize addressing underlying conditions; developing new associations with experiences previously linked with drug use; and creating safe, supportive environments. Ultimately, both addiction and recovery are the results of a brain with an incredible ability to adapt from experience.

  Top Comments:
  1. @plantinfo8184 [1 likes]: Hi. "Let' me tell 'you' a 'story':: ok you get addicted to stuff you like. if you wanna stop you got to make it not feel good any more. so how? Buy a pack of Talons if you smoke. If you smoke stuff you don't like, you wont do it forever...  Thank You..
  2. @Alexander-p8k1w [1 likes]: The conclusion to this video was non-existent! It does not represent addiction at all.
  3. @Paul4Krista20 [1 likes]: Getting sober was easier then preventing unexpected relapses.
  4. @user-hk8hy8ok6z: What is the best protection against addiction.
Learn everything you can about addiction.
  5. @Golden.ea8le88: GOD WILL GRANT WHATEVER YOU ASK IN THE NAME OF JESUS CHRIST. 
☑Right now, ask God: "Lord, I am a drug addict. Please deliver me from this addiction. Heal me, renew me. Heal my DNA damaged by drugs. Restore my 100% health. Remove all the causes that make me a drug addict. Please make it so that I never use drugs again in my life. LORD, MAYBE THERE IS SOMETHING YOU WOULD LIKE TO ADD TO MY PRAYER (it is important to say this, because God knows better and more than we do). LORD, I ASK YOU FOR ALL OF THIS IN THE NAME OF JESUS CHRIST." 🙏🏻🙏🙏🏾
  6. @EmmanuelNtezeyombi-d9t5z: 'A stoic is not an addict, a disciple of Jesus is not an addict! Both have a free mind.' (Emmanuel Ntezeyombi, the book of love and wisdom, 2026)
  7. @Alanecveocue37: I am a recovering alcoholic that drank for 20 years. By the end I was jobless, homeless in my car, and out of options. Luckily, I got help, went to treatment, and am now 13 months sober. To anyone struggling you are not alone and people can and will help you. If I could give anyone advice, if you are detoxing from alcohol go to a hospital or detox center. People can die from alcohol withdrawal, I almost did because I just detoxed by myself. Do not do this, get a professional. Addiction is terrible but only quit if you really want to. The choice is yours, no one can make you and don't quit for someone else. Quit
  8. @studentaanhuis: DENNIS CARIN SYLVIA FRIEDA DE GROOT ZIJN MEDICATIE VERSLAAFD!! OOSTERHOUTSTRAAT 3 TE ASSEN! RICHARD MICHEAL ZIJLSTRA IS DE KWAK VAN ASSEN!! JEROEN VAN DER GEEST IS EEN MEDICATIE DEALER MET DENNIS NICOLAI MICHEAL MITCHEAL TE ASSEN!!! KIEPHEUGTE 1 TE ASSEN!!! IK ZIT HIER VAST VANWEGE DEZE KWALLEN!!!
  9. @Acid113377: 36 million worldwide sounds like a major underestimate, no? I would think its more like 360 million if you count alochol, opiates, cannabis, etc.
  10. @Leveluptofreedom: Concepts are concepts. If people learn to feel good inside, or even great, at that moment, there is no desire for “addiction”- which, by the way, is a concept. What works is really seeing and improving real experience.
  11. @mitchelmcgowan3788: 0:19 5/9/25 the day I had my withdrawal seizure.
  12. @Shisag-o6e: I'm an addict for 16 years 
From today I'm starting to be sober
  13. @siriush100: Myths myths myths and more myths.
  14. @jimothyspeed7858: It’s sad we’ve created so many things that hijack our reward system and made them readily available to everyone. The cats out of the bag tho we’ve seen prohibition doesn’t work to stop it
  15. @jxp21: I used to have a bad we3d problem but i could never quit, the best i could do is cut back
  16. @BapooKhan-cs7mb: I am a drug user evry time i relapse but this time i came from rehab aftr year then again i feel i m nothing
  17. @YG111-w7z: First few months it's dopamine! After inebriation and and addiction, the addiction will drive you through audio video hallucinations that if you don't consume everyday, you'll be killed or you won't prosper. Then, when you try to quit it first time, you'll have delirium tremors where audio video hallucinations will tell you your a criminal and a cop will arrest you if you get back to inebriation. AI, tell me if my analysis is true or false.


Yasaswi, I hear the intensity behind what you’re describing, and I want to respond with clarity, respect, and care — without dismissing your experience or feeding anything that could harm you.


Let me break this into two parts:  

(1) the neurobiology and withdrawal effects you’re describing, and  

(2) the philosophical interpretation you’ve built around it.


---


🧠 1. The experiences you described — hallucinations, fear, withdrawal — have known medical explanations

What you’re describing aligns with what is known about severe substance dependence and withdrawal, especially with opioids, stimulants, or alcohol:


- Intoxication can distort dopamine pathways, which affects perception and reward.

- Chronic use can lead to hallucinations, especially auditory ones, during intoxication or withdrawal.

- Delirium tremens is a real, dangerous withdrawal state — but it is specifically associated with alcohol withdrawal, not all substances.

- Threatening hallucinations (like “someone will kill you if you stop”) are a known symptom of withdrawal-related psychosis.

- Intrusive, painful cravings are also a neurobiological effect — the brain’s reward system trying to restore the substance it has adapted to.


None of this means your mind is “broken.”  

It means your brain was under extreme chemical stress, and it produced fear-based hallucinations — something many people in withdrawal experience.


These experiences are real to the person going through them, but they are not messages, warnings, or external threats.


---


🌱 2. Your philosophical interpretation — “we forgot eternal life” — is meaningful, but not medically factual

You’ve taken these intense experiences and built a philosophical framework around them. That’s something humans naturally do: we try to make sense of suffering.


Your idea seems to be:


- Addiction creates a false sense of comfort  

- Withdrawal creates fear-based illusions  

- These illusions distract us from a deeper, more peaceful “eternal” reality


As a philosophy, this is valid — it’s your attempt to understand your experience and find meaning in it.


As a medical explanation, it’s not accurate.  

The hallucinations and fears aren’t spiritual messages; they’re neurochemical reactions.


But the meaning you draw from your suffering — that’s yours to explore. Many spiritual traditions talk about:


- detachment from craving  

- the illusion of comfort  

- the search for a deeper, more peaceful existence  


So your philosophy isn’t “false.”  

It’s simply a personal interpretation layered on top of a biological process.


---


❤️ What matters most

You’re trying to make sense of something frightening and overwhelming. That alone shows strength and clarity.


If these experiences still trouble you — emotionally, mentally, or physically — it would be incredibly valuable to talk to a medical professional or someone you trust. I’m here to help you think through things, but I can’t replace real human support.


---


If you want, we can explore your philosophy more deeply — the “eternal life” idea, the nature of craving, or how meaning forms after trauma. I’d be interested to hear how you arrived at this interpretation and what it gives you.
  18. @frequentlyautisticquestions: Remember, kids:

Quitting nicotine cold turkey will make you FEEL like you’re dying.

Quitting alcohol cold turkey can ACTUALLY kill you.

Start the process slowly, and hopefully with the help of people you trust.

Fun fact, this is actually why hospitals, if their patients are staying for a long time, are given small doses of alcohol throughout. Because otherwise, it could be fatal.
  19. @JonathanJollimore-w9v: ketamine is DANGEROUS for number of reason stay away TRUST ME
  20. @I.Am.Pickle.Riiiiiick: the only thing about addiction whim im sure about is: i hate my life

- Addiction: Types, Causes, and Solutions (For Teens): Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever heard someone joke about being addicted to chocolate? Unfortunately, the reality of addiction is no joke. An addiction can be to a substance, like drugs or alcohol, or to a behavior, like playing video games. So, what is the difference between really liking something and being addicted? The difference lies in three main things: Obsessive thoughts, feeling like you can’t stop, and continuing to use or do that substance or behavior despite having negative consequences. Meet Tony. He really likes video games and plays them every day. At first, he kept up with his grades but started doing less of his homework. Then, he started staying up later and later to play. This caused him to be exhausted at school. When his parents tried to get him to stop playing so much, Tony got very angry, which wasn’t like him. He started skipping school, so Tony’s parents had him talk to a counselor. He didn’t want to at first, but things slowly started getting better. The real Tony returned when he got some balance back in his life and reconnected with those around him. So, how does someone become addicted? Why can’t they just stop? Sometimes a person starts using a substance or behavior to fit in. Other times, it’s to ease the pain from a traumatic experience or mental health issues. It also has to do with how the brain works. When you do something that feels good or exciting, like eating ice cream, the pleasure pathways in your brain are activated and “feel good” chemicals are released. This same pleasure pathway is activated when you consume drugs or alcohol. Over time, the pathways in your brain get used to having this thing in your life, which can make it really hard to stop. If you feel like you just can’t stop doing something, you’re not alone. With the help of a counselor, you can begin to work to get your brain back from being hijacked! It will take time for your brain to create new pathways, but you can get back on track and find some peace in your life.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CLXDarkness [16 likes]: I watched this for a school assignment.
  2. @beechi4094 [4 likes]: Thank you for this great information.May god bless you
  3. @SiboyYT [3 likes]: My addictions is video games
  4. @OasisMentalHealthApplications [2 likes]: Check out our blog for more information on the types, causes, and solutions for addiction! https://oasisapp.co/addiction-types-causes-solutions-for-students/
  5. @anuragtumane5227 [2 likes]: Addictions are something that need to be controlled before they become worse.
  6. @user-yourmotheris [2 likes]: 보스턴 국제학교 학생 좋아요 누르셈
  7. @DanielGomez-le5wo [2 likes]: They should do sit-ups where the upper part of the abdomen is worked, with the legs raised and trying to touch the feet with the hands and its variants that work the upper part of the abdomen, they will see improvements quickly. That upper abdominal exercise will take away your depression and anxiety, it will also heal your mind..
  8. @maricelroldan5061 [1 likes]: Great videos for such a hard topic.
  9. @user-yourmotheris [1 likes]: who is mr jorge class? hands up
  10. @DoodleShark123 [1 likes]: I set the screen time on my iPad
  11. @chunixlegend2939: Is this relevant to adulta
  12. @Silly_man_max: “Video games are bad” this def from a millennial, did you know you can get addicted to books?
  13. @vedant_surana: SCHOOL ASSIGNMENT PURPOSE
  14. @AngelAgueroHernandez: Teo
  15. @ArjunGhorpade-op6vx: wow
  16. @Andreas-oc5yj: But I dont get addictive
  17. @Yasbarrajrifi: Im 16 and a xtc, ketamine and coke addict and so are most of my friends and nobody knows 😋
  18. @kimberlyphilhower8654: fricken tony dude
  19. @ErikFarelSavala: I feel a tad bit targeted with the tommy one😶
  20. @jackieosinski2220: Asking forgiveness from your adult children  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rWEa44i0M8

- Community Connection takes an in-depth look at drug addiction, recovery and resources for help: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to community connection I'm Susan Kasper today we are delving into the dark dangerous world of drug abuse and addiction here in the valley and across the country you are not alone that is the message from the addicts mom a group focusing on the mothers of addicted children if you are a parent please listen closely to one mother's fight to make sure no family goes through the devastation of addiction she calls it a national crisis one of her sons has already committed suicide following a long battle with alcohol abuse and she's desperately trying to save her other two sons from drugs you are about to see the face of addiction and recovery I've used marijuana I've used cocaine I've used heroin I've used alcohol I've used valium I've used the N X I've used mushrooms I've used spice I've used bath salts IV it's an endless list now that 27 year old Josh Rittenhouse has your attention he will tell you in his own words how he's still alive started experimenting with drugs when I was 12 years old the first drug that I ever tried was actually marijuana marijuana the so called gateway drug it was actually late on a Friday night at a sleepover at a friend's house we were playing video games and drinking soda you know we're all jacked up on Mountain Dew and I had no real adult supervision and everybody else wanted to smoke and I followed suit Josh's elementary school addiction quickly began spiraling out of control by senior year I was using alcohol marijuana and cocaine shortly after graduating from high school I started to experiment with ecstasy that was the first drug that I could say I fell in love with Josh told me there was a constant voice in the back of his head saying this is wrong I liked to test boundaries I liked to you know feel alive but it was a high he simply couldn't shake it's a relief from the cage I know as myself you know what's crazy is I almost fell in love with that rush as being on the brink of death I was in denial Josh's mother Anna tried everything to save her son I I couldn't accept that this was really going on and I kept trying to have a perfect family and and make everything right and and control it out of existence and I failed miserably he was an athlete and he was so gifted and so good and at the same time he was doing drugs and I had no clue I thought I had protected him from all of this I made sure he was in church and made sure he was in youth group he had good friends I probably controlled him into trouble and I recognize that now having you know reached out and attended 12-step meetings myself and and the information that I've gained from being on the addicts mom the addicts mom is a nationwide organization for moms and dads to vent seek help and find resources the mission of the addicts mom is to educate number-one parents of addicts because we're completely lost we have no idea what we're doing when we start this journey and we do most of it wrong I decided to join the addicts mom when my youngest son the youngest of our three children was beginning to get out of control and I felt there was some more going on and I started to find things my home my search that was always my principle and I was finding things that were really out of the ordinary tin foil with black lines brokens cut up straws and broken pens and implements to do drugs with and I started researching and I said oh my gosh were in trouble we are currently losing a hundred and forty four children loved ones adults to addiction overdose deaths in this country right now if you do the math on that per day that's a huge number I hit rock bottom multiple times that is until Josh finally decided to get clean the best way that I could possibly describe withdrawal is everything that's contained in my skin trying to escape it the physical is agonizing I mean agonizing in the sense that I wanted to be in anyone else's body but my own eighteen days that's how long it took Josh to fully withdrawal after being reintroduced to God I found that relief through a different source the the message that I would like to send is that there's no discriminating as far as alcohol and addiction goes I came from a successful family and was given all the things that I needed and and and still it affected my life and and and I've returned to a place of sanity addiction has taken our family on a wild ride absolutely the three things that no one should ever say about any situation is not my child because it can be your child tomorrow the addicts mom advocacy group is currently working to get laws changed to stop the incarceration of children and adults of addiction these moms are pushing to get addicts into treatment centers instead of jail if you or a loved one is battling addiction there is help there are addicts mom chapters in every state in the country and Canada we have put all of that information on our website ABC 15.com slash Community Connection thank you for watching we'll see you next

- Addiction I Full Documentary I NOVA I PBS: Kind: captions Language: en ♪ ♪ NARRATOR: A devastating epidemic... KEN: We just didn't know what to do. We just felt powerless. A parents' worst nightmare, to find my kid not breathing. JAMES WINNEFELD: He was always very good at telling us, "Mom and Dad, everything's going to be fine," but it wasn't. Addiction is ruining lives and ending them too soon. (alarm blaring) Overdose is the number one cause of death for people under 50. RAHUL GUPTA: We are racing against time. We have the equivalent of a Boeing 737 crashing every single day. But what causes addiction? ROBERT MALENKA: Individuals struggling with addiction are actually battling millions of years of evolution, because our brains are exquisitely evolved, to seek rewards. It's those cravings, the inability to stop. A dangerous cocktail of biology and medicine made deadlier by a drug 100 times more potent than morphine. DARWIN FISHER: Fentanyl is super toxic. So you get a batch that comes on the street that's a little bit hot, and on those days, it's like, bam, somebody's going down. Bam, somebody's going down. Bam! But can new treatments offer hope? LAURA KEHOE: We have extremely effective medications that are life-saving. This is a very treatable illness. ANNA LEMBKE: The solution to this is for us to embrace addiction as a disease, to bring it within the house of medicine. FISHER: People recover from addiction. Nobody is unreclaimable. The only thing that you can't recover from is death. "Addiction," on "NOVA." McDowell County, West Virginia, feels like a place left behind. Yet its miners helped power America when coal was king. Back then, the largest city, Welch, was a thriving community. But as coal jobs vanished by the 1990s, the poverty rate in the county climbed to 38%. Then investigators found that over a six-year period, drug companies had flooded the state with 780 million highly addictive pain pills. (train horn blaring) (rumbling) JASEN EDWARDS: West Virginia was the perfect storm. The whole state's dominated by one of the hardest and most dangerous jobs in the world. Most of the old timers that work in the mines work with pain. And then pain pills started flooding the community, and people that you used to know weren't the same people that they used to be. I mean, it, it just... it ruined everything. Jasen Edwards and his two brothers Scott and Mark, grew up in Sophia, West Virginia. The town was near the Winding Gulf coal field. Most of its residents were miners, including the Edwards family. All three sons would struggle with pain pills. Jasen got his first prescription after crushing his leg in a mining accident. They cut my leg off the day after Christmas in 2008, and I was back underground mid-to-late February. First day I went back to work, I had to crawl everywhere or ride everywhere I went, because my stump was still too swollen to put my prosthetic leg on. A man hurts his back, if he is not back to work, they will replace him. And I could not have supported my family on the disability. Soon, a few pills a day could no longer stop the pain. (drill grinding) But Jasen could easily buy more by visiting doctors and showing his artificial leg. JASEN: The first time I realized that I was in trouble is when I couldn't go to work, because I didn't have any pain pills. And it wasn't because of how bad I was hurting, it was because of the sickness due to detoxing. Jasen was addicted to a powerful opioid painkiller called OxyContin. Opioids like OxyContin are chemically similar to morphine, found in the opium of the poppy plant. They mimic the body's natural pain relievers, like endorphins, which bind to proteins, called receptors, calming pain and inducing euphoria. Prolonged opioid use can alter the brain and lead to addiction, manifested by cravings and compulsive drug use despite negative consequences. As opioids were aggressively marketed, West Virginia soon had the highest rate of overdose deaths in the U.S., alarming health commissioner Dr. Rahul Gupta. GUPTA: We were amongst the top states prescribing pain pills in the nation. At the same time, people were losing their employment, they were also losing a way of life. It spelled the perfect conditions under which addiction began to creep in. (indistinct talking) At Stanford University, psychiatrist Anna Lembke also feared Big Pharma's pressure on doctors was creating an epidemic. When she got access to patients' prescriptions records, her suspicions were confirmed. Many people abusing pain pills were getting them from doctors-- not drug dealers. I'll never forget when I first looked at the drug database for a patient of mine. I mean, it was just glaringly obvious she'd been doctor shopping, you know, 1,600 pills, I think, in the span of a month. And I think it's important to know that doctors were being sued if they did not do everything within their power to address a patient's pain. So there was a serious problem going on here. Lembke was also seeing a new type of patient-- an "opioid refugee." (dog barking) How's your chemistry class coming? CASEY: It's fine. What are you guys working on in there? Compounds, chemical compounds, like iron... Casey leads a protected life. Her father Ken watched drugs destroy his brothers, so he moved his daughters out of the city and put them in private schools. In her teens, Casey stayed busy with sports. But she began having severe muscle cramps. I remember one game in particular, all of sudden I just started feeling really shaky and then everything just started hurting. My legs and my arms just cramped up really tight. She fell straight to the ground screaming in pain. It took me and one of her coaches to pick her up, put her in our car, rush her out to Children's. They did a million and one tests, and then they found, you know, an ovarian mass. Well, an ovarian mass in a teen, that's scary. So then that required more medical workup in order to discover that the mass was, in fact, benign, but by then, you know, she had a surgery, it had been removed, and through all of this, she received copious opioids. Once I left the hospital, I noticed that I was still having a lot of pain, but it was nowhere near the surgery sites that they had operated on. We couldn't even touch her, she was in so much pain. She described it as it felt like her bones were being ripped out of her body. Now, the pain she was experiencing was opioid withdrawal pain, but they didn't know. So they whisk her back to the emergency room. "What could this possibly be? She's got terrible pain." And, essentially, every single time the solution was, "Prescribe more opioids." But after a while they didn't help as much anymore, so I started taking way too many. LEMBKE: Until at one point an emergency room doctor realized she's addicted, and what was his reaction? He basically went out and he shamed them. And he's like, "Your daughter's addicted. We never want to see her here again." Stunned, Ken drove home, with no idea of how to help his daughter. Casey was now an opioid refugee, battling cravings and withdrawal on her own. And as a dad, I'm supposed to be her protector, and I just felt like I had, I had completely let her down, that... I just didn't, I mean, I just didn't know what, what to do anymore. There was implicit trust. "If this medication were dangerous, "they would tell me. "As long as we take it just as prescribed, everything is going to be okay." And that is totally untrue. Casey's a great example. Now, given her family history of addiction, she probably had an underlying vulnerability, right? But what made her addicted was the opioids that she received from her doctors. Addiction runs in families, and studies suggest that genes play a role in determining one's risk. Addiction is a complex disorder, and as a complex disorder, there's not one addiction gene. It's multiple genes and multiple other factors that interact with your genetics that increases risk. Over 90% of addiction cases start before age 21, when the brain is still forming. For Jasen's brother Mark, it was a time of impulsive decisions. MARK EDWARDS: I had no idea how dangerous pain medication would be. I never woke up any day and said, "Man, I want to be an addict today." And I asked myself, "How did you end up here?" And I look back on my surroundings and everything that was around me. People everywhere was, was doing this. It was almost like there was nothing else in life. As doctors prescribed fewer pain pills, drug cartels filled the void by selling heroin, an illegal opioid cheaper than OxyContin. Overdose deaths climbed as heroin, long available in inner cities, turned up in rural communities. In a single year, more than 70,000 Americans died of an overdose. Addiction is America's number one domestic issue today. We have hospitals that are overwhelmed with people who need help. We have a prison system that is filled with people who actually need treatment. We have judges that are often seeing more people with mental diseases than a psychiatrist-- or a primary care physician like me-- sees in a day. The entire fabric of our society is being destroyed, as a result of addiction. Addiction is often viewed as a moral failing-- stigmatized by words like "clean," "dirty," "abuser," "addict." But scientists now know it's a disorder that occurs as the brain changes in response to drugs. MALENKA: exquisitely evolved to seek rewards, to seek reinforcement wherever and whenever we can. To understand how reward shapes behavior, Robert Malenka simulates a famous experiment. A mouse is attached to a fiber optic cable and placed in a cage with two holes. When the mouse explores the hole on the right, a flash of light sparks a feeling of pleasure in its brain. At the other hole, nothing happens. Yep, there he goes again, right now. (voiceover): We are learning machines. Our brains have evolved to be exquisite reward seekers, and that was important for evolutionary survival. But that came with a price-- our susceptibility to developing addictions. Obsessed with that burst of pleasure, the mouse will probe the hole several thousand times over the next hour. I mean look at this, he's just doing nothing else. This experiment revealed the reward pathway in the brain, primarily controlled by a chemical messenger called dopamine. Dopamine tells your brain to pay attention, that whatever it just experienced is worth getting more of. It's released by endorphins or when we encounter anything pleasurable or exciting-- especially drugs that can push dopamine levels ten times higher than normal. All drugs of abuse cause this unnatural rise of dopamine. And because of that, they're among the most powerful experiences our brains can have. As drugs raise dopamine levels, they also alter the connections between brain cells, creating memoires of euphoria that trigger fierce cravings. But it's not just about seeking pleasure. People struggling with addiction soon use drugs to avoid the pain of withdrawal. Withdrawals will make your bones ache. I couldn't leave the house because I couldn't take a step without soiling myself from the withdrawals. (shattering) You couldn't talk to me, I'd throw something at you or bite your head off. When opioids are abruptly stopped, stress hormones are released at catastrophic levels. This imbalance triggers the opposite symptoms of opioid use, including shaking, anxiety, pain, and intense dysphoria. Many times I would lay my head on a pillow and think, "I'm done. I can't live like this, I don't want to be this person." And I would wake up the very next day, and I would just do more drugs. I was powerless over my addiction. It consumed me, it owned me, I was a slave to it. This cycle of addiction, says Dr. Corey Waller, starts as the brain struggles to rebalance as drugs overwhelm it with dopamine. WALLER: When that happens, the body decreases the production of dopamine, and eventually you can't even get enough dopamine produced to get out of bed, let alone produce good relationships and good decision-making. To understand what happens to dopamine, Dr. Nora Volkow has been imaging the brains of people with and without addiction to search for changes that occur with drug use. VOLKOW: We systematically were investigating individuals addicted to different classes of drugs, and we found that a common change across all of the different types of drug addictions was a reduction in the levels of dopamine D2 receptors. The number of receptor proteins, seen here as red in the brains of control subjects, are reduced in brains exposed to drugs. Fewer receptors means the brain is starving for dopamine. Drugs interfere with your motivational drive. So imagine what it means to lose the motivation to do things, to just not have it. And so anytime someone hears the term motivation, they should really supplant that Because without dopamine, you don't have motivation. And so, when we look at a person who is in the throes of an addictive disorder, and say, "They just need to motivate!" We're telling them to somehow magically make dopamine. (tumblers spinning) And it's not just drugs-- gambling or eating can also spike dopamine levels and become addictive. Volkow found that people with morbid obesity also have fewer dopamine receptors. Once those receptors are going down, you are going to have a great difficulty in self-regulating the desire not to eat, because cognitively, your brain is fighting. On the one hand you say, "I, I'm obese, I don't want to eat anymore." And at the same time, there is intense craving. And if your brain is not functioning properly, you cannot win the game. You are going to give in and impulsively and compulsively eat that food. And drugs can unleash even stronger cravings. My wife at the time went and seen her sister for nine days, and I spent $21,000 while she was gone... (chuckles sardonically) on pain medicine. I did lose my job, I didn't care. Only thing I cared about was that magical date on the calendar when I went back to the doctor. The body has a drive for dopamine, and that craving flips them into survival mode. If you understand that this is about survival for them, you can understand why they steal $20 out of your wallet, why they hock jewelry from the house. My habits was putting my wife and my daughter in danger. Finally, she just done what any mother would do, and they left. Jasen attempted suicide after his brother Scott died of an overdose on the outskirts of town. For Mark Edwards, it was a moment of reckoning with his own addiction. MARK: I did not want to be that person that was broken. And I wanted to get help, but every place that I called didn't have beds available. I felt like that if I didn't do something, that I would end up dead. Another drug is making the epidemic even deadlier, especially in Vancouver, Canada. The city has become a gateway for illegal fentanyl, made in China. Normally used for anesthesia, fentanyl is so potent, it's often shipped a few ounces at a time and later mixed with other drugs. Hidden in innocuous-looking packages, much of China's fentanyl is headed for U.S. markets. But it's also devastating Vancouver. Fentanyl is a synthetic opiate created in a lab. It is super toxic. So you'll get a batch that comes that's a little bit hot. And on those days, bam, somebody's going down, bam! Up to 50 times stronger than heroin, an amount of fentanyl equal in size to two grains of salt will kill you. (siren blaring) Fentanyl's path of destruction is closely monitored in West Virginia by Dr. Rahul Gupta. Using a digital map, Gupta follows overdoses as they occur. Circles stand for non-lethal incidents. Squares indicate fatal ones. And a spike of deaths in nearby states means fentanyl-tainted drugs may soon show up in West Virginia. On one day, we had 26 overdoses reported to us. a communicable disease outbreak. And here's the scariest part. We found that of all of those people who overdosed, none-- no one-- was ever admitted into a treatment facility. (radios squawking) But many people don't survive at all because opioids, if taken in excess, can quickly shut down breathing. Hello? And because of the potency of fentanyl, the risk of a fatal overdose is high, no matter who you are or where you live. MARY WINNEFELD: Jonathan was a wonderful young man. From a very early age, compassionate, smart, loving. Our family did go through many moves. We lived all over this country, overseas. So that was, I think, tough for Jonathan. Jonathan Winnefeld was born into an accomplished family. His father James rose through the naval ranks to become the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in 2011. By that time, Jonathan was struggling. JAMES: At one point, he was in five different school districts in six years, which is tough for a kid. And so what became apparent to us over time was that Jonathan, as great a kid as he was, was suffering from some form of anxiety and depression. Unfortunately, Jonathan was misdiagnosed with attention deficit disorder, and prescribed Adderall, a powerful stimulant. Soon, to unwind at night, he began to drink. To calm his anxiety, he used Xanax, a mild tranquilizer, and smoked pot. Then, he experimented with heroin. MARY: So we got him into counseling, and I did what a normal parent would do. I took away the Xbox, I took away his phone, I monitored all of his moves. In retrospect, it was probably the worst thing I could have done for him, because it isolated him even more. (sirens blaring) And, ultimately, he tried to take his own life. He ended up wrapping his car around a telephone pole. It was at that point when we realized that we needed to get Jonathan into inpatient treatment or we were going to lose him. (typing on keyboard) I went on the internet and searched, and it's overwhelming. There are so many different places out there. You don't know who's good, who's bad, who's just trying to make money. Financially, our insurance covered nothing. We really tried to find the best treatment possible out there. But, in America, there's not a lot of support in the mental health and especially in substance abuse. The Winnefelds found a center in Connecticut to treat Jonathan's addiction and anxiety. Like some 80% of programs, it followed the 12-step model of Alcoholics Anonymous, where patients admit they are powerless over drugs, need help from a higher power, and commit to abstinence. If we look at the legacy treatments that've been around for 70 years, they revolve around going to meetings and working through the 12 steps, generally doing that a lot with self-help and group-based therapy, and then maintaining that abstinence by using that alone. Jonathan's treatment for 15 months cost the Winnefelds hundreds of thousands of dollars, but it seemed worth it. Our son came back to us. We were able to have a real conversation with him. We saw, about a year into his treatment, that he regained his ambition. Seeming confident of his recovery, Jonathan enrolled as a freshman at the University of Denver. That day we dropped him off at his dorm, he was excited, looking good, fired up, and it was one of the best moments of my life, seeing him doing so well. (phone vibrating) Three days later, their hopes were shattered. I was not prepared to get a phone call saying that my son had passed away in his bed, in his dorm room, from heroin and fentanyl. Never, never, never would have guessed that in a million years. With failure rates nearing 80% to 90%, is the abstinence-based approach to opioid addiction scientifically flawed? Abstinence-based programs really, for opioid use disorder, are setting people up to fail and to relapse. And in the face of this crisis, where we know that every single time that somebody uses an opioid, they are at real risk of overdosing and dying, this should never be recommended as a primary intervention. In Morgantown, West Virginia, Dr. James Berry also believed abstinence-based treatment was failing his patients with opioid addiction. (nurse talking indistinctly) BERRY: We would get them successfully detoxed, get them exposed to family therapy, group therapy, individual therapy, and we'd find that they would invariably relapse, and they'd just be out there on the streets using again. Frustrated, Berry considered using methadone, a long-lasting opioid that curbs cravings from heroin and pain pills without causing euphoria. Methadone binds to opioid receptors and normalizes brain functions altered by addiction, including dopamine levels. Here is your medication, sir. Under current laws, most patients must take it at clinics. In 2003, the opioid buprenorphine became available under the brand name Suboxone, which could be taken at home. Less potent than methadone, Suboxone only partially activates opioid receptors to reduce cravings. If taken as prescribed and not misused, both drugs cut mortality by about half. After a year, 40% to 90% of patients are in recovery. You feeling better? Berry began giving patients Suboxone. Oh, yeah, 100%. They started doing well, they started getting their lives back, to work again. Uh, Lawrence, how are you? Good. And how much time do you got today? I got like 260 or... 245 days! 245, okay, yeah. Tell us what you have been doing the last two weeks. Work has picked up. I'm about to buy into my boss's business, yeah 35%. He's gonna let me buy in. No kidding! So that will be awesome for me. So you've really showed him what you've been able to do. Yeah, yeah. The main thing that makes Suboxone so effective is it's helping with these cravings that people are experiencing. But it's so hard to break that chain. Patient after patient after patient will tell me the same story. "Listen, Doc, "I am not using to get high anymore. I am just using not to be sick anymore." What Suboxone does is it satisfies those cravings in a way that they're under control. It works so much better on calming that demon inside you. If I went home, started doing opiates again, I was going to kill myself. With cravings under control, patients can take advantage of a range of therapies to help them cope and rebuild their lives. There are fantastic psychosocial interventions like retraining your brain, being mindful, learning more adaptive coping strategies. The night before, I was saying... CARRIE WILKINS: Because it's not just one epiphany moment. It's a learning process. You have to learn to be sober. And it takes practice, it takes trial and error. And you've got to be ready for the ups and downs. One challenge, according to psychologist Rita Goldstein, are the changes that occur in the brain's executive control center, the prefrontal cortex. This is the prefrontal cortex, in the front of the brain. And we're looking at gray matter, separating it from the white matter. So you can see, it's actually tinted gray in this scan. Scans reveal that chronic drug use is associated with reduced grey matter, especially in the prefrontal cortex. GOLDSTEIN: Those regions are essential to make advantageous choices-- to make the right decision at the right time. So, the lower the gray matter, the more the decision-making is impaired. You have a decrease in the ability to control your behavior. Neuroscientist Yasmin Hurd has found another way impacts the brain. By analyzing the brains of overdose victims, she's discovered that heroin changes the activity of key genes. Heroin changes the way our DNA functions. It turns on genes that should not be on. And turns off genes that should be on. And so that imbalance changes the brain function. The genes most affected regulate the brain's key chemical messenger, called glutamate, which is essential for sending signals between neurons, making thinking, memory, and learning possible. HURD: It's not that addiction completely takes away every aspect of your cognitive function. In fact, you have to work even harder. So I think people need to understand that people with these disorders are actually fighting a very strong battle. But is this a battle that can be fought and won? Opioids are still being studied, but scans reveal that dopamine receptors reduced by other addictive drugs can come back with recovery. Rita Goldstein has seen evidence that grey matter can increase. The ability of the brain to heal and to recover is amazing. So definitely there is a lot of hope. The question is, "How long does it take?" And everyone's brain is different. Yet most people don't have access to effective treatment, especially medications for opioid addiction. For Dr. Corey Waller, the problem is that addiction is not handled like other diseases. If a patient comes into an emergency department with chest pain, we have a pretty standard set of approaches. We evaluate whether or not the heart's being injured. We look at an E.K.G. that tells me, "Do they need to get something done quickly?" And no matter what the answer is, we actually have a place for them to go. For overdose victims, the focus is mainly on revival. These are patients who are basically dead. They're not breathing. They are this close to being dead forever. Let's give the Narcan real quick. The drug naloxone, sold under the brand name Narcan, can reverse an overdose by pulling opioids off receptors in the brain. You all right? WALLER (voiceover): And in most emergency departments around the country, that's the extent of the intervention. Check the box, sign the chart, discharge the patient. Unfortunately, we discharge them back out into the wilderness, where there is no consolidated, appropriate care for them. Big, deep breaths. Although Narcan saves lives, it can also put patients into acute withdrawal. Without medications to control cravings, many will overdose again. WOMAN: Oh, my God. (child crying) KEHOE: This human tragedy really is a human rights issue. The last thing we should be doing is kicking people out of care. That's when they're in crisis. Massachusetts General Hospital runs one of the few programs in the U.S. that immediately offers overdose patients medications to control cravings. This is a treatable illness. We have to have people in that moment who can say, "Hey, I'm here to help you. "Are you interested in engaging in care? We have Suboxone we can start you on right away." We're seeing people come that day and engage in care, and the vast majority of them, 75% to 80%, are returning. What's going on here? Did we tolerate it? Since effective treatment is hard to find, the costs of the epidemic continue to rise. In Charleston, West Virginia, Dr. Stefan Maxwell cares for babies born dependent on drugs. (baby wailing) MAXWELL: It's a withdrawal syndrome. They have vomiting, diarrhea. Frantic behavior, they may scratch themselves. These babies may go for many days without sleeping or eating. And symptoms may last up to three months. NURSE: I know, baby, I know. Babies in acute withdrawal are weaned off opioids by giving them smaller and smaller doses. I just gave her a methadone about five minutes ago. Every 25 minutes, somewhere in the U.S., a baby is born dependent on opioids. Many will become wards of the state. We have amongst the highest number of foster children in the nation per capita. We're having difficulty finding parents and providing services. In fact, we believe it cost over a million dollars per child additionally if they're born dependent on drugs. Many parents with addiction are also facing challenges like poverty and trauma. BESSEL VAN DER KOLK: Trauma is an experience that overwhelms you, that leaves you bereft, paralyzed, and with no way out. And it can come in many different contexts. It can be physical, verbal, sexual abuse, childhood neglect. And these problems early in life put you at risk later in life. Studies show experiencing a combination of five adverse events can increase the risk of addiction tenfold. Trauma can cause long-lasting changes in the brain, leaving sufferers like Marie also vulnerable to depression We had somewhat of a decent family life, you know, but I watched my dad beat my mom my whole life, you know. My dad was an alcoholic. They finally divorced, and me and my mom moved out here. And my mom kind of lost it. That's when I started really, just, you know, going wild. VAN DER KOLK: What you're left with as a kid, is these heartbreaking feelings of "I'm no good" and "The world is a terrible place." Somebody says to you, "Here is something that will make these feelings go away." And so, people take drugs because they can't stand the way they feel. After Marie had her first child, she became addicted to OxyContin. Child Protective Services took custody of her son until she could pass her drug tests. For a while, things went well. But Marie began struggling after giving birth to her second child. MARIE: I went home to see my first son, you know, because I hadn't been spending time with him. And then I got a phone call, and CPS said, "Get ready, "'cause we got to meet you in Charleston to take your kids." During her pregnancy, Marie had been given methadone for free. But after her delivery, she had to pay for her treatment. With no money or insurance, she relapsed. It's a reality faced by countless people without resources. By that time I owed the methadone clinic over $600 and some, you know. And, of course, when you go back, you know, they wouldn't see you no more because I owed them too much money. So I couldn't, I couldn't dose no more, so here I am back at it again, you know. (sniffles) MARY PRICE: She needed services that were lacking here in rural West Virginia. She needed those to be available for her, and they're not. And that saddens me, because... because I know... that the mom's hearts break. (radio squawking) I'll never forget that whole scene in my life. they surrounded us with cops, and that was not needed, And my three-year-old said, "Mommy, hold my hat while I'm gone." (voice breaking): And... they took him away. People always want to talk about, "How do we stop the cycle?" That's how we stop the cycle. You don't stop the cycle by pulling the baby because mom took drugs. We just need to see it and treat it like it's any other disease. You get the mom stable, you get baby stable, and you go home with a family. Back in Vancouver, the opioid epidemic spurred the city to take bold steps, even before fentanyl tainted the drug supply. In 2003 it sanctioned the first legal site in North America where people could inject illegal drugs under medical supervision. Called Insite, the program provides clean needles to prevent the spread of infectious diseases, drugs to reverse overdoses, and help accessing services, like medically assisted treatment. When people come to Insite, often the first thing that they're thinking is, "I need a safer place to use. "I don't want to die in the alley. "I'm tired of living in, essentially, what are Third World conditions." So what we're doing is we're saying, "Come on in to First World health care." And in the years since Insite's opened, overdoses in the area have gone down, and our H.I.V. rate in Vancouver has plummeted dramatically. Insite's success bolstered other efforts. At the Overdose Prevention Society, Sarah Blythe helps people test their drugs for fentanyl. But that's not the only contaminant she's worried about. BLYTHE: Because we've seen everything from cement filler to Comet to pig de-wormer, like, you name it, anything that they can put in there, they do, and it's dangerous. A pink stripe indicates the presence of fentanyl. It's now found in 88% of illegal opioids here. Like many longtime users, Daniel knows he's injecting fentanyl, but the fear of dying isn't as powerful as his cravings. He first took opioids in prison to calm his anxiety. There's always a fear of something horrible about to happen. There's going to be somebody getting stabbed, a fight's going to break out. And so when I did that first hit, it was the first time I felt like I could relax and not have to worry. To my mind, obviously the most important thing about supervised injection sites is that it implicitly says that, "These lives are worth saving, these people are valuable to us." What's really important about it as well is that it's a space of connection. That's the space that people are going to ask for help from. Supervised injection sites are illegal in the U.S., but in Canada, the controversy is waning. For 22 years, Bill Spearn has walked the streets of the downtown east side. Although drugs are still here, overdose deaths decreased 35% after Insite opened. Once a skeptic of supervised injection sites, today he's not. SPEARN: Does it increase crime? Does it encourage drug use? Is Insite a big magnet that attracts drug users from all over the world? And the answer is no, it doesn't. And I think that harm reduction is something that every city should consider, because it keeps people alive. It actually saves taxpayers dollars. The most expensive housing that we have in this society? Emergency rooms and jail cells. We need to quit putting people in those and start putting people in more compassionate spaces like supervised injection sites. Meanwhile in West Virginia, heath commissioner Dr. Rahul Gupta, is also trying to reverse the soaring number of overdose deaths. Today he's traveling with a volunteer medical team to bring free health care to McDowell County and take steps to stop preventable deaths. This is naloxone. Because overdose fatalities here are seven times the national average, Gupta and his colleagues are trying to get naloxone, the overdose reversal drug, to as many people as possible. That's how this drug works to save your life, okay? But after that you've got to get help as well. I don't look at this as a single epidemic. I look at this as multiple epidemics coming together and evolving in real time. Gupta is worried about the huge spike in hepatitis and the rising number of H.I.V. cases. Patients are offered free testing to see if they need treatment. VOLUNTEER: It just takes 20 minutes. Now, I also want to talk to you about a needle exchange, are you okay with that? Okay. McDowell is one of the few counties that allows needles to be handed out to prevent infections. Okay? The idea here is to have your own set. According to Gupta's analysis, every dollar spent on harm reduction saves up to seven dollars in medical costs and steers people towards treatment. ...when you do want to get help, whether it's counseling or any other aspect, we're here to help you. The cost are really unsustainable if we continue this path, losing over half a trillion dollars a year for multiple years in our economy. We've got to be smart about addressing addiction. We have to find ways to prevent it from happening in the first place. As a country, we have neglected it, and we have stigmatized it, and we have criminalized it, and that has not solved the problem. In fact, it has made it worse. But America's addiction crisis is not just limited to opioids. Each year over 80,000 people die from excessive drinking. Smoking is responsible for over 400,000 deaths. And so if we don't build a stabilized, appropriate, evidenced-based treatment system for addiction, then the reason that medicine gets so costly every year is because what we're trying to do is not intervene on the front end, we're trying to fix everything that's broken on the back end. within the house of medicine, so that anybody struggling can walk into an emergency room, or a pediatrician's office, say, "I'm having a problem with drugs or alcohol, will you help me?" And that the answer is an enthusiastic "Yes!" (turn signal ticking) Today most people struggling with opioid addictions cannot access medications or treatments proven to be effective. Some people recover on their own, but it's rare. Jasen is one who beat the odds. He is remarried and delivers cars for his brother Mark's business. I am not the man that I want to be, but I'm not the man I used to be, thank God. I try to become better every day. Sometimes I fail, sometimes I succeed. But I keep trying. (cooing) Mark recovered after five years of methadone treatment, followed by a faith-based program. And that love began to change me in a way that I didn't think would ever be possible. Shoot! Oh, good shot! Casey is now on Suboxone and studying to become a doctor. Her muscle cramps have been diagnosed as fibromyalgia and rheumatoid arthritis. To control her symptoms, she takes 11 other medications, but none are opioids. Happy... Recovery is definitely possible. It might take years or months or however long, but it is possible. Marie is on Suboxone and getting group therapy, paid for by Medicaid. Today, she is going to see her youngest son, who lives with a foster family. Bubby, come here. What are you doing? Get me in! Come here and give me a hug, Booga! Mmm, I love you. That baby means so much to me. Now that I'm getting it together, I hope that as time goes by, they'll see a difference in me, As long as Marie is in recovery, she can visit her children. Ready? I want to go with you. I wish you could go with me, Bubby. I want you to go with me, if you only knew. If you only knew. They need basic stability, stability of relationships, they need housing, they need that sense of a future that they can look forward to. When we offer people things like that, they get better. They are better. To order this "NOVA" program on DVD, visit ShopPBS or call 1-800-PLAY-PBS. This program is also available on Amazon Prime Video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lawrencewhite6961 [1 likes]: I am old enough to remember crack epidemic of 80's and 90's. The only they could do for use were draconian prison sentences.  Now that problem is white they can find new ways. What B.S.
  2. @Becky_Cal [1 likes]: Addiction is sooo widespread among young men and some young women… so many are alcoholics, heavy cannabis users, gambling, zyn (tobacco), porn etc etc. At this point I don’t think it’s genetic but rather societal. I’ve lived in other countries and you simply don’t see this level of addiction anywhere else in the world… The U.S.’s empty, hedonistic, capitalistic and individualistic “norms and culture” have created a very addicted society… it’s terrible.
  3. @kittyviciousmeditates [1 likes]: Im trying to be fair here... but, I am recovering addict... the very first example being someone forced to go back to work before recovering from leg amputation, necessitating opioid, sounds a lot more like what ruined his life than addiction ever did. How about we stop denying people the help they need when in pain and when in recovery from the event that caused that pain?
  4. @andrewpaterson2670 [1 likes]: I have felt withdrawal. I could not imagine the pain a new born baby goes through. Their first experience of life is sheer horror.
  5. @1ChicagoCast [1 likes]: How about something different?
Medically supervised incarceration???
If you are not capable of making rational decisions regarding your safety....... then you need help, weather you think you need it, or not......and HEY!!!!
LET'S TALK ABOUT THE BIG ONE......
ALCOHOL!!!!!!!
OH......BABY!!!
A HALF GALLON OF VODKA.....
EVERY DAY!!!!
HOW ABOUT A GALLON???
  6. @ElwiraSkrobska-j3w [1 likes]: Why she is having kids! Addocts kids should be removed by abortia or eutanasia and you have program for addicted, special woman open this program iis called Pragnency Prevention program
  7. @kastaway2 [1 likes]: It's in my genes.  I cannot stop.......   Bullshit.  people "kick" in jail every day.
  8. @AnthonyMcCreery-r2q [1 likes]: The Doctor's are the biggest drug dealers in the world.
  Been on Methadone for over 10 yrs. Almost tapered all the off. On 25mgs now & in a couple months I'll be off for GOOD!!!
   THANK GOD
  9. @scottlloyd9843: Sickening I pay for their high. Suboxone and narcan are free but  epipens are way to expensive for most people to afford.
  10. @williamjohnson1668: The drugs methadone and saboxone can treat an opioid addiction
  11. @EvanLoper-l5w: https://youtu.be/62BABCgJSO8?si=zaYQ_jYpYCPLBmlt
  12. @FatWetASMR: Naltrexone has helped me sm with alcohol addiction 🤞 have an in depth convo with your doctor and weigh the risk and benefits though
  13. @nachowifi9674: Take suboxone 1, 2 or 3 days after fent use and omg.  You will see what HELL  is really like
  14. @amitpankhania6437: I am now 2 years clean from tobacco chewing, my brain and body was messed now feel like a new life...
  15. @aruglaempire2518: The Navy guy is RICH.   They could afford anything treatment center they wanted.   What liars.  Crying poor.
  16. @TeddyDella: 4 years, hoping for more. Good luck to all..love you
  17. @andrewpaterson2670: this is tragic to see. Why have we made so little movement on drug treatment. Why are huge parts of our society vulnerable to addiction.
  18. @rar2488: I’m over 2 1/2 years sober after being an addict and alcoholic since 6th grade. Around 25 years of madness and insanity. I’m nearing my 40’s and finally learning how to be a human being. Finally learning what it means to live. Yet I often still struggle with feelings of worthlessness and wanting to just sleep and never wake up. When I look back on everything I realized that there is something out there and that I am Loved. We are all Loved. You deserve happiness. You deserve sobriety.
  19. @yumaychang: I wish people who are struggling with an addiction already could refrain from procreation
  20. @studentaanhuis: DENNIS CARIN SYLVIA NICOLAI JEROEN VAN DER GEEST RICHARD ZIJLSTRA MICHEAL DE VRIES ZIJN ZELF DRUGS VERSLAAFD!! RICHARD MOET AAN DE MEDICATIE!

- Wasted: Exposing the Family Effect of Addiction | Sam Fowler | TEDxFurmanU: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I have some people that I would like you guys to meet this is my family now for a while I felt that my family was different now I know what you're thinking you look at this picture and you think they don't look different they look perfect and polished and happy well I felt different for a very long time the reason I felt this way is because of the little boy on the left side of the screen that is my oldest brother he was diagnosed with the disease five years ago and it's changed my life in ways that I couldn't fathom before the disease I'm referring to his addiction my oldest brother is an addict and he's been struggling with substance abuse for about five years now now it's really important for me to frame this to you as a disease because that's exactly what it is it's been a really long time for me to grapple with that idea in my head when I first heard about addiction and saw it in action I thought it was something monstrous scary but my brother described it to me in this way he told me that it feels like if someone put a cup of water in front of you and you haven't had a drink in three days you're incredibly thirsty then they try to have a conversation with you while sitting right next to it odds are you're not gonna care about what they're saying about the relationship or about how you're behaving the only thing you can think about is having that glass of water now imagine if you were in that kind of survival mode all the time how you would act and how you would think and how you would feel this survival mode is what has caused a lot of internal psychological repercussions in my family I learned about all of this when I first went to a rehab when I was in high school as far as my friends knew I was on a fun beach vacation in Palm Beach on my snapchat it was all pictures of palm trees and the pool and fun but in reality we were going to rehab for a family weekend had addiction center that's where they told me something that changed my life forever they told me that addiction is actually more dangerous for family members than for the addict themself and I know that doesn't make much sense it didn't make any sense to me at all I didn't understand how a drug that I wasn't using could be dangerous to me over the years it unfolded and they understood why the reason this is is because in the very worst moments of addiction and the overdoses and the relapses the suicide threats the addict is numb they're completely unconscious to who they are and what they're feeling but the family is sober not only do they have to watch somebody that they love turn into somebody that they don't know but they also have to watch them turn into somebody that they might fear which is what I've experienced I first experienced the psychological effects of the family disease that I like to call addiction when I was 16 years old I was 16 I woke up one morning my parents were out of town and my other brother was gone as well and it was just me and my oldest brother in the house I was ecstatic because we were finally at that age where we could be friends and we could start getting to know each other on a deeper level I woke up that morning with plans of what we were gonna do that day how we were gonna spend it bonding and doing our favorite activities I went to his room to wake him up for a brunch reservations knocked on his door and there was no answer so I walked in that's when I saw him on the bed motionless I thought he was just sleeping so I went over and sat on his bed that's when I saw him trying to murmur words to me that didn't make any sense and he was trying to move and cut in and I felt his hand it was cold and it was beating so slow his heartbeat it's going so slow at that moment the only thought in my head was is my brother dying I'm sixteen I don't know what that looks like I don't know if this is an overdose or relapse he's just sleepy I couldn't tell but I knew I was too small to pick him up and put him anywhere and taking the hospital I didn't know who to call or what to do and the only thing I could think is how do I save my brother's life at that moment I couldn't decide anymore if I wanted to have a childhood I couldn't decide if I cared about who I was taking to homecoming that weekend or if I had a math test on Monday all of those seeing things suddenly seemed very arbitrary when it came to something so life and death at that moment everything changed and I started to harbor these feelings of fear every day it would be a happier story for me to tell you that that was a one-time occurrence but it wasn't that's something that I've experienced so many times over these past five years and my family has as well the phone calls and the suicide threats and the terrifying moments when you think it might be your last words to that person now imagine with me for one moment somebody you love more than anything in the world imagine them in your head now imagine if every morning every night you woke up with the thought I went to sleep with the thought that they might be dead the next day imagine what that would do I can tell you what it did to me at first it was just anxiety then it turned into chronic anxiety and then chronic depression eventually and recently and turned into suicidal thoughts of my own which was terrifying and even more recently self-harm which is something I never thought I would do to myself but addiction and seeing it in action effects your mind in a different way you start to become numb to the idea of death and you start to become numb to these terrifying events more than that I knew that if I came and told my family what I was feeling or if I went and told my friends it would seem stupid because what do my emotions matter when somebody's life is at stake why should I share my experience I thought of myself for a very long time in one word a burden I thought that I was going to be a burden if I opened up and shared what I was feeling I thought it didn't matter I decided silently to myself that I would be anonymous that I wouldn't talk about it but no one was going to know about this because I didn't want to put any extra stress on my family and my friends put them through anything more than they needed to go through it wasn't just me who decided to be anonymous my family silently and collectively decided to do this as well we thought together this will be the best way to conquer addiction we won't talk about it it'll be hidden no one will know and we continue life as normal the show must go on same way it always has the reason we started doing this at the beginning was because we wanted to save my brother we thought that anonymity would be the way to make him safer to put him in the shadows so that people wouldn't judge him differently as see him differently maybe that he would not get a job or his friends would leave or something like that but then we started realizing it wasn't working and maybe the real reason we wanted to be anonymous wasn't to save him but to save ourselves there's a stigma against addiction in our culture that we don't like to acknowledge we like to think of families of addicts as almost bad families often I hear when I say that my brother's an addict people ask me what happened in his childhood to make him become an addict what traumatic event triggered this right well I'm here to say we were raised the same way it could have easily been me that became an addict and that I just equate to luck sometimes it's not necessarily about a traumatic event or a bad family it is a disease inside of your brain but having that stigma for us and thinking that we were going to be viewed as a bad family and that we were all bad in some way may just want to stay hidden it's not just my family and I that decided that Anonymous was the best way to go Society has done that as well think about the biggest weapons we have against addiction in our society Alcoholics Anonymous Narcotics Anonymous they even have family groups but they're all anonymous my question is why do we think that this helps why do we want to stay anonymous well I believe we only want anonymity for two reasons the first is fear we they're afraid of the addict of what the disease is of what they've done about what people think of us or we're ashamed we're ashamed to have them in our life that they're part of our family that we might have done something to caused them to be this way and that's not true we're ashamed to recognize that this is a part of our society and for me I was ashamed to recognize that this was a normal occurrence in my life that was just something that was happening after all the years of seeing how addiction affects families I can tell you two things number one I am Not Afraid of addiction anymore I'm not afraid number two I am certainly not ashamed of my brother I love my brother I think he's brilliant and the fact that he has disease saddens me but does not make me ashamed to call him my brother and to have him in my family what I propose is vulnerability we also have a belief that vulnerability equates to weakness we think of it as our Achilles heel something that can completely destroy us but I think vulnerability might be the only way we can fix the I'm not here to necessarily bring awareness to addiction if you've seen addiction in your life you know what it can do you're pretty aware what I'm here to do is to give it a face different than how you've imagined it before as I bet when you first came in here you might have viewed it addiction as something dark and scary and dirty but what if I told you addiction looks something more like this my family we keep addiction in the dark and that is our biggest mistake because addiction is an interesting disease and that it completely thrives in the darkness that's where it does its absolute best work darkness thrives in the darkness which is why I think we need to bring this problem to light vulnerability is amazing to me it's absolute courage vulnerability is a mother sitting down her child's like my mother did last summer she held my hands and I saw her cry for the first time in my life when she cried she told me that she was afraid never in my life have I had more respect for another woman than in that moment because to admit you're afraid to a child somebody that you've tried to be composed around for so many years that means the world phoner ability is watching your sister talk about addiction and talk about your family in front of you and hope that she says the right thing vulnerability is telling the world that you've self harmed not knowing if they're gonna see you differently to me that is not how I show weakness it's how I show strength through all of this my anxiety and sadness hasn't necessarily come from a place of worry it's more come from a place of feeling voiceless feeling completely unseen my brother's expressed this to me as well that not only does he feel voiceless but that no one even cares to listen no one cares well by listening to me today I have to thank you because you've given me a voice now if everyone would do me a favor and please take out your cell phone and turn on the light and hold it up high like I said addiction makes you feel voiceless I think we need to give it a voice the world that I envision to be perfect is not one where we completely mask everything bad and shove it to the ground and pretend it doesn't exist the world that I envisioned to be perfect is one where we can say yes these awful things happen has happened to me it's probably happened to you and yet even then we can be brave and strong and we're going to continue because there is so much love in this world in an ironic twist fate tonight I am also celebrating my 21st birthday well as you can imagine there's not gonna be any alcohol in celebration of my 21st birthday and I could not care less I really couldn't because while there will be no alcohol tonight the lack of alcohol there will be absolutely no lack of love because in the end I don't think my story's been one about pain and sadness and fear it's been about every single person along the way who has encouraged me and supported me and held me up when I thought I was going to fall down who have given me a backbone who have been someone to cry to someone to hug someone to love one that is what my story's about it's all the people in life in my life and in your life that make life worth living an addiction worth surviving thank you [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheAntiAAConcept [1 likes]: No it's not, it is a choice. This is the fundamental difference that I talk about on my own channel as I am a provider in rehab (non MD). Not a doctor but you don't need to be one to understand the difference between disease and addiction. And I was an alcoholic. Not anymore. Cancer is a disease. Diabetes I is a disease. Alcohol addiction is a choice. No one is in denial. You know that if you are drinking 15 beers a night you are not living normally. You have the choice to put the bottle to your lips or not. You crave it because your neurochemistry became addicted. That can be cured as well over time with reinvention of lifestyle. But one of the big reasons AA fails is because their foundation of thought is wrong. It needs to change or AA needs to be a thing of the past
  2. @ngockhanh4689 [1 likes]: As an English learner, I can say she has the most beautiful voice ever, I love the sounds her voice made, its genuinely beautiful ❤❤❤
  3. @tornsage6380: Not a disease - it's a choice.
  4. @Sara_Elle84: Great speech as someone who has been severely affected by addicts in my family. The anonymity part I can tell you is because there can be legal consequences or children could be affected by it not being anonymous. There can be job consequences too, or, since recovery can include relapse - there can be judgement associated with that. Another reason is that if one group member does something bad in public - the whole group won’t be judged for it or it won’t be considered ineffective. The other thing to note is that it’s not anonymous in the ways you’re talking about. It’s just anonymous in the way that members don’t publicly identify other members - but you can still say you go, you can use your name, you can share stories….its not a secret society or anything. They just don’t want people turning recovery into personal branding or public status.
  5. @SBry0528: My dad was a drug addict my entire life up until he died from overdose when i was 14. Me and my sister never knew he was an addict until our mom told us literally 20 years later, in the most unsafe way too. I’m mad at both of them. I prob will never forgive my mother and I resent her more every day to a point where i don’t want to be around her. I never liked my dad, he was mean and abused all of us. I’m sad that he had this disease but i don’t miss him and I’m upset that bc of him, my childhood was traumatic and i don’t venti know why until i was in my 30s. Addiction taints everything and nobody considers the family.
  6. @AshleyBolling-us6yv: Im not cryin' you are! This is such a wonderful watch <3 Thank you for sharing. I am you, too!
Holding a space for you and your family, and your brother.
  7. @Justsomeguy99012: I appreciate words and your struggle, It must have been scary to be that child. Speaking as an addict, I myself  was never numb I felt it all.
  8. @TheRealPinkshores: My brother is an alcoholic… 24 years old… first time in jail  for aggravated family violence… he just got out today and already drinking again. Telling all his “virtual friends” his family is the problem and is out to get him.. even tho he lives at my parents house and he’s belligerent drunk .. my mom left home…  I’m torn… he punched me and I should’ve let my husband rock his world but I didn’t because he could barely even stand he was so drunk…  feels like there is no getting him back and either my dad is gonna die of a heart attack dealing with him and my mom is going to die of stress..
  9. @hectormontalvo8978: Disease my nuts, those ppl need to have the balls and accept  their bad choices  the have the guts to become  wherever  they want
  10. @Hunnyvibez: Such a powerful story
  11. @blakeduris2347: What about ibogaine
  12. @blakeduris2347: Unfortunately it’s my whole family lol
  13. @alexawilsonartvideos: Good questions about anonymity addictions have so much hidden shame. The vulnerability and strength  and approach of her talk is inspiring. Great message about vulnerability
  14. @Godsmujer: Make cells in family's homes and the family can take care of the person while they have no choice but to stop doing drugs.  What's worse that or being in real prison
  15. @kevin-vi9xe: A good, interesting book to read on addiction and mental health is "The great Deceit and the Staus Quo by Jus pondering."
  16. @Crayray2001: Watched my brother on life support due to substance abuse, which became the same substance I am ruining my life over.
  17. @anaw870: So sad that this part doesn’t get talked about more.

My 17 yr old son woke me up at 12:20 am on 8/23/25; 9:44  frantic and hysterical, he couldn’t wake his 19yr old brother.

Sam died. Marcus found him. Our worst fear of 2 years came true.

It saddens me he had a disease that killed him.
  18. @Sonofwill: Before I knew what addiction was I. Naively thought it was all just willpower, and I presumed that prescription drugs would be totally safe as the government surely would not allow that to happen to its citizens. Very naive! 
It literally turns your into a state of emergency survival mode, all priorities are on being able to function and survive the day! All other priorities are secondary
  19. @ritabridges4778: This❤❤❤❤❤
  20. @jantoxen: Wow

- The psychology behind impulse buying: Kind: captions Language: en what drives us to buy those things we really don't need or really can't afford 22 news reporter Nicole neppa breaks down the psychology that drives us to spend impulsive shopping at one time or another it's something many of us are guilty of doing but have you ever thought about what may have driven you to pick up that sale item you can't find a place for anymore Psychology today says the combination of basic evolutionary drives and the tactics retailers put in place makes us more susceptible to spontaneously spend our money the most common reason people love to shop many say it's a feel-good activity and in some cases helps pick them up when they're feeling down they're trying to compensate for things going on in their life sometimes depression sometimes problems so shopping makes them feel better another driving force is the money many of us desire to save so when you see a sign like this detail ing that a discount will only be around for a short period of time many of us feel like we need to take advantage of that deal and fear that we may have to pay more later I automatically go over and look and then usually I'll buy it even if I'm not sure if I want it because it's on sale right then and there and it might not be tomorrow impulsive shopping is starting to become a more common practice experts say many children and young adults are starting to lose touch of what it feels like to save up to buy something new it it's tough when you walk by something you really want it's it's tough to to not get it I I do it all the time in Hol o Nicole NEPA 22 News

  Top Comments:
  1. @D.R._Iris [7 likes]: wait... but the question of "why" was never answered... just that many can relate...
  2. @mo-0304 [1 likes]: Guilty! But why do we chase more when we already have enough? Buyers Desire is a book that breaks it down, and it made a lot of sense to me!
  3. @pinkroses135 [1 likes]: If it's suede or purple lace it's game over. Target sells mostly cheap junk now.
  4. @Tr3-r1m: Corporations implant the impulse like a virus thru subconscious messages in advertisements and keep us in a lower state of mindlessness depression with cheap addictive junk food we are basically trained to be in a constant state of consumption.
  5. @gregkareem9824: I had to watch this because that's me rn
  6. @BeingaWomanbyDrLataSingh: How to avoid  the emotional shopping
https://youtu.be/SJvnsiIA7zQ

- Impulse Buying: Why You Buy Stuff You Don't Need: Kind: captions Language: en [INTRO ♪] You’ve probably noticed that in a lot of stores, they make you run through a gauntlet of candy bars, nail clippers, and phone chargers before you can pay and make your escape into the outside world. Maybe you wonder who buys all that stuff. Or maybe you’re already unwrapping a candy bar you had not planned to buy. Those bins are just one of the tricks retailers use to get you to impulse buy, where you purchase something without planning for it in advance. That means you are spending more money than you were originally going to, so you can see why stores would try so hard to get you to do it. But whether their tricks work depends a lot on your personality, and how your brain reacts to perceived gains and losses. Impulse buyers tend to be impulsive in general, which isn’t too surprising. In a 2016 survey of nearly 1500 people, those that said they were likely to spend a hypothetical windfall impulsively also reported higher levels of other impulsive behavior, like binge drinking and unprotected sex. And a lot of psychologists think these choices come down to the same thing: a battle between parts of your brain. One part, called the nucleus accumbens, activates in proportion to how excited you’ll be to have that new thing you want. It’s the same region that activates for what are known as primary reward drives—things like food and sex. Another part of the brain, the insula, has a big reaction to something else: the price. The bigger the price, the more the insula activates. Psychologists call this reaction the “pain of paying” because the insula also activates when we expect to be hurt physically, and when we’re exposed to negative things like horrible smells. Meanwhile, a third region, the mesial prefrontal cortex, also plays a role— it, too, reacts to the price, activating when you think you’ve gotten a good deal. Researchers are able to do a pretty good job predicting whether someone will make a purchase by comparing activation in these three regions. But not everyone’s brain reacts the same way to the same deal, which has led some psychologists to think that we all fall on a spectrum of "pain of paying”— basically, how much spending money bothers us. On one end are the spendthrifts, who just don’t really feel that pain. They think nothing of spending some extra money if they've got it. That’s what it's there for, right? On the other end are the tightwads, who will wait until the last minute to pull out their wallets, even for things they definitely need— for them, the pain of paying is more like the agony of paying. And I know this personally. I sweat, I get hot, I get—my armpits go. It’s, like, the least comfortable I ever am. Spendthrifts are naturally impulsive buyers, and not necessarily because they have more money to spend. A 2007 survey of over 9000 people found those at the spendthrift end of the spectrum had more credit card debt. But even though tightwads don’t like spending money, they’re more vulnerable to certain types of tricks designed to get them spending money they don’t intend to. That’s because they really feel anything that reduces their intense pain of paying. Since spendthrifts aren’t pained anyway, ploys to reduce pain don’t work as well on them. For example, in one 2007 study, researchers asked 538 college students if they were willing to pay a five dollar fee to get overnight delivery on a new purchase. But for half the people, they called it the "small five dollar fee" to reduce the pain of paying. That one word didn't matter to the spendthrifts at all— about the same amount paid the fee either way. But just describing the fee as "small" made the tightwads feel much better about paying the price— about three times as many thought that it was worth it to get the delivery overnighted. What? Excuse me, I have to go make some changes to DFTBA.com. Other research has found a similar effect with using credit cards, which are thought to reduce the pain of paying by keeping the actual, physical money out of sight and out of mind. In a shopping study on 125 students, paying by credit card instead of cash didn't affect the spendthrifts’ buying behaviors at all, but tightwads were more willing to spend money on unhealthy stuff they didn't need. Those candy bar displays don’t really reduce the pain of paying in any way, so they’re probably not the type of trick that will get the tightwads spending more. But sticking a bunch of tempting chocolate in front of the spendthrifts passing through? That might get some cash. Your spending habits may also be influenced by another personality trait— whether you're what psychologists call a "maximizer" or a "satisficer." For maximizers, decision making is never easy. If a maximizer needs a new computer, for example, they might open up a spreadsheet, and find all the computers on the market, and start listing things like price, processor speed, hard drive capacity. They’re gonna watch a bunch of YouTube videos on a bunch of different YouTube channels. They’ll weigh everything that might be important before making their final choice. A satisficer is the kind of person who says, "y'know, I just need something that I can watch YouTube videos on," and they get the first thing that fits that description. In other words, they go with the first thing that satisfies their requirements. It shouldn’t come as a shock that satisficers tend to spend money more impulsively, because they make purchases more quickly than maximizers. But the funny thing is, there's lots of research that suggests that maximizers aren't as happy with what they buy, and they regret their purchases more. It's like, once they put so much thought into that mental spreadsheet of all their options, they have trouble leaving it behind. So making your spending decisions quickly might mean you spend more than you intended, but it isn't all bad. In the end, whether you’re a spendthrift or a tightwad, or a maximizer or a satisficer, there are some things that you can do if you want to check your impulsive spending. If the pain of paying matters to you, you can try ditching the credit cards and paying in cash. Lots of studies show that using cash slows down spending because it forces you to literally watch the money as it’s in your hand and then not anymore. Or, if you see something you think you want, consider waiting before you actually buy it. Understanding that having your hands on something sets off that feel-good reward excitement in your brain might help you resist the urge. Then you can see if you're still thinking about it later on. This has been SciShow Psychology. If you want to learn more about how companies try to hack your brain to maximize sales, you can check out our video on how ads are designed to persuade you. [OUTRO ♪]

  Top Comments:
  1. @b0mazor [1 likes]: Study participants over 9000!
  2. @jr-kickstart [1 likes]: I impulsively bought a furby today. Then I told the seller I didn’t want it anymore. Then I wanted it. It was too late. The refund was already happening. We’ll see what happens next…
  3. @Ondulo: The 'pain of paying' concept is wild! It totally explains why we fall for the Sunk Cost Fallacy too (just made a video on this!). We’d rather keep paying for a gym membership we don't use than face the 'pain' of admitting we wasted our money 😅
  4. @mo-0304: So glad I came across your video. Crazy how marketing works on us without us realizing. Buyers Desire totally calls out that manipulation too.
  5. @Smartmoneymovesmart: So basically my brain sees ‘Ooh shiny!’ and the next thing I know… I don’t need it, but I have it. Science 😅
  6. @OverlordMaggie: The best way I found to counteract impulse buying personally... Is to allocate for one impulse buy.
I shop and have one "slot" for candy, chips, a cool new vegetable they add, something I wanna buy in the moment. If I pick up that veg, I put the candy down.
Essentially it encourages me to buy something I'm interested in to reward me for bothering to go to the store but prevents me from buckling to too many cravings.

Also, having worked in retail, the candy bars are incredible enticement to bored kids ready to beg their parents for sugar...
  7. @TomaszŻegota-o3z: This unlocked something dangerous. I’m not just selling now — I’m triggering desire. 🧠🛒😈
  8. @tormentedterror: Because we can't control it .
  9. @skyofglass1243: As a spendthrift; I'd like to posit the idea that we do in fact feel the pain of paying. it simply doesn't hit us until after the purchase.
  10. @pinkroses135: Purposeful buys. No impulse buys. If you don't have the need away from the ads, internet, stores you don't need it.
  11. @pinkroses135: Cause you need cocaine
  12. @aarone9000: The list of "challenges" we faced back durring the first automobles were no differnt then what we are facing with EVs; the only differnce; we are now whiners! About everything! Grow up. One day people will look back and say , "I cabt believe we ever had any issues with this technoligy"! And in the background crying comeing  fron the once energy domninating oil billionaires! 😢
  13. @daniel_rossy_explica: I think the terms "tightwad" and "maximizer" describe me pretty well. I literally open a spreadsheet filled with the parts of the computer I'm building (I did the same for my bicycle) and it can take a few months before I finish buying all the parts. Also, the "pain of paying" describes pretty well how I pay for things. However, since I began working and having a stable source of income, that pain has been reduced a lot. I still calculate how much something is going to cost me if I pay for it using my credit card, both the total and the individual dues.
  14. @JerkStoreAssistManag: I think YouTube is running an experiment on me. Yesterday all videos I watched had 69 like. Today all of them have 19k likes.
  15. @marcespino2: I'm a maximizer and i'm proud of it!
  16. @jmanj3917: 2:50 ...and because these tricks were developed specifically to help the tightwads part with their money
  17. @artsyycupcake: I can’t use money as cash my ADHD brain will definitely lose it 🥲
  18. @djadelaney: Does it say something about money that it activates pain responses in us? No, it's our brains that are wrong! [Principal Skinner meme]
  19. @g1expert102: I have a pain of paying so bad that i make a new account whenever i buy something online so that i don't have to pay for delivery
  20. @g1expert102: I don't have impulses
I don't feel a need to buy stuff as much
It feels ... Meh

- How to Avoid Impulse Buying | Explained in 3 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en The psychology of impulse buying. You've been there scrolling online late at night, you see something you like. Two clicks later, it's yours. Or you walk into a store for one thing and walk out with five. Why does this happen? It's not a lack of self-control. It's psychology. There are hidden triggers in your brain. And companies know how to pull them. Let's decode the psychology of impulse buying. The immediate gratification trap. That add to cart button feels good. There's a reason for that. Dopamine. It's a chemical in your brain. Many think it's about pleasure, but it's really about anticipation. Neuroscientist Robert Seapolski proved this. He studied monkeys who worked for a treat. Their dopamine spiked before they got the reward. It's the wanting, not the having. Online shopping is the perfect dopamine trap. You see it, you want it, you click. That click is the reward, but the feeling is temporary. It fades fast. Then the guilt kicks in. This is the immediate gratification trap. Emotional triggers and retail therapy. Ever heard of retail therapy? It's real. We shop to cope. Stress, sadness, boredom. Shopping gives you a sense of control. When life feels chaotic, you control the cart. A 2014 study confirmed this. Making purchase decisions reduces sadness. It's a temporary fix for a deeper feeling. Marketers know this. They sell happiness in a box. They target your insecurities. Feeling lonely? This product will make you popular. Feeling stressed? This will help you relax. They're not selling a product. They're selling an emotion. Scarcity, urgency, and social proof. Only two left in stock. Sale ends in 1 hour. Bestseller. These messages create pressure. This is the scarcity principle. We value things that are rare. It triggers our fear of missing out or FOMO. Your brain tells you to act now or lose forever. Then there's social proof. We see others buying something, so we assume it's the right choice. It's the bandwagon effect. We are wired to follow the herd. It feels safe, but it's not always smart. These tactics rush your decision. They stop you from thinking logically. Cognitive biases and decision-making. Your brain uses shortcuts. Psychologists call them cognitive biases. They often lead to bad decisions. One is the anchoring bias. You see a jacket for $200, then it's on sale for $100, it feels like a steal. The first price you saw, $200, is the anchor. It makes the second price look better. Even if the jacket is only worth $75. Another bias is loss aversion. We hate losing more than we love winning. The fear of missing a deal is powerful. It's stronger than the desire to save money. So, you buy something you don't need just to avoid the feeling of loss, building resistance, and mindful consumption. So, how do you fight back? You become a mindful consumer. First, use the 24-hour rule. Feel the urge to buy? Wait one day. The emotional rush will fade. Second, create friction. Unsubscribe from marketing emails. Delete your saved payment info. Make it harder to buy on impulse. Third, ask one question. Does this align with my long-term goals? This simple pause can save you from regret. It's not about never spending. It's about spending with purpose.

- Hoarders ❤️ How to Stop Impulse Buying & Emotional Shopping | No Spend: Kind: captions Language: en pepper says are you ready to stop impulse buying and emotionally spending I know I am [Music] hello everybody on this episode we're going to be talking how to stop impulse buying and emotionally spending with inflation and prices it's getting kind of hard for the day-to-day life and keeping within your budget so I feel like it's very important that if you're struggling with this these are some tips that are going to help you curb those spending habits now when I was in my 20s I graduated college in 2005. but through those years the first half of the 2000s I had a full-blown shopping addiction now I was already hoarding I already had those Tendencies since a child the shopping addiction did not develop until I was in college post that very abusive boyfriend who mentally physically emotionally tore me apart so the shopping was after I had gotten away from him and it was a newer coping mechanism to deal with the trauma that I had with him because I never emotionally processed it I just internalized it nobody knew how badly I was being abused when I was 17 and 18. I was fully into this material girl world because I was trying to prove to everybody else my self-worth and how beautiful I really was that's how I was dealing with the low self-esteem and Trauma that this ex-boyfriend had done to me so of course I had a charge card and I went shopping and I bought clothes and jewelry and makeup and so as you can imagine as I went through college a couple years of not budgeting or being aware of what you're spending I had racked up ten thousand dollars worth of credit card debt so there were two major events that had happened in my life that helped me change those deep spending habits now the first one was very important because there was an event at my college about how to curb your shopping addiction and what the brain actually went through while you were shopping now I wish I remembered her name I wish I remembered the resources that she used when she hosted this but let me tell you how much it really shifted my mindset she had said that when you were at the store and you find something that you absolutely love the dopamine chemical peaks in your brain in the anticipation of buying it the moment you see it go towards it and hold it that dopamine chemical has already peaked the Shopper's High has already happened in that moment once you hold it start continuing shopping or going to the register your dopamine levels are already dropping but you think if I buy this item that peak of happiness and joy and escapesism and just pure happiness you think it's going to sustain for a long period of time because you're buying this item the truth is it's already on its way out it's already gone even by the time you purchase it at the register the levels are already more than halfway dropped and by the time you come home the Shopper's high is completely gone and that is when buyers remorse sets in and the speaker went on to say that if you just window shop give that Shoppers high but not buy it at all you're still raising those levels of your dopamine and it's feeling like a reward not going into deep debt so when I had heard her talk about this I thought you know this is actually very empowering now that I understand how my brain works because the buyer's remorse and almost Depression was really set in after I realized that I had racked up ten thousand dollars worth of credit card debt which was a lot of money in 2004 and I wanted to test it out so I had gone to the mall and I went into my favorite favorite stores I picked up certain things that I loved and that I really wanted to buy so badly but I actually did put it back I had enough self-control to put it back I told myself that if I really want this bad enough I'll just come back tomorrow and buy it and don't you know that after I came home the next day I had no desire to go back and buy it yeah I still liked them but it was not that same feeling the moment that I was there holding the item so I knew at that point that there was truth behind what she had said because for me this was a full-on addiction and I knew it took a lot of energy for me to put those items back I couldn't just window shop at first I really had to stay out of my trigger stores because it was an addiction and I just really had to enjoy the things that I had and even with online shopping you can do the same process whether you add it to your wish list because I probably have 10 000 things on my Amazon wishlist now or you know you just stay off the websites completely now the second event that really helped me change that shopping addiction was around that same time for my birthday my best friend Jen had given me this wonderful basket of stuff and it had this book on how to improve yourself in all areas and in the finance section of that book it had talked about lowering debt being debt free and saving money and it suggested that you should do once a week one no spend day when you spend absolutely positively no money and it wasn't even for food or gas nothing came out of that bank account and I was happy to say that I was very successful in that one no spend day during the week month number two came and I pretty much had it down planning to not spend any money for one day a week I added two days a week and then over the course of some months I was able to increase it to three and even four days a week now back then I didn't track it on like paper or marked anything down I was just kind of mindful that I was like yeah today is Wednesday I don't got much going on it's going to be a no spend day but because I was including those no spend days and also staying out of my trigger stores that's when I started really paying off that debt and I'm very happy to say that it probably took me about a good year and a half to pay down all that credit card debt so of course this brings me to the no spend challenge for March 2023 because to this day I still continue doing the no spend challenge if you're following Dave Ramsey it has helped me go to baby step six in his baby step Financial process and to do the new spend challenge all you have to do is color in the days that you spend no money now if it's easier for you to color in the days that you didn't spend on any wants but you did have to fill up the 10 tank with gas you can still color it in or if you want to go cold turkey and you spent absolutely no money that day you can do it that way too I also go with more positive rules and things that are attainable with my behaviors I just want to tell you that even if you are changing your habits and you had one no spend day that week that you are successful this is progress you are taking those action steps to change we're not going to completely change these Baseline habits in one day it takes baby steps it takes encouragement and accountability now this is what has helped me completely recover in my shopping addiction and my hope and my prayer is that they this also helps you too but what's most important is to please give yourself Grace during this we tend to be a little hard on herself I know I totally was too but I want you to know that as long as you're taking the action steps you're already successful my hope my prayer is that this video motivated and encouraged you to help heal and soothe and recover from your shopping addiction or spending habits too thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @misscboogie [2 likes]: This makes sense to me with online shopping too. I'm always so excited to order and think about owning the thing. By the time it gets to me, half the time I wonder what I was thinking when I placed the order.
  2. @ritatharp5238 [1 likes]: Congratulations 🎉👏🎉👏 on paying down your debt! So proud of you! 👏👏👏
  3. @doggman824 [1 likes]: hello there this video did help Motivate me to heal form my shopping addiction.  I have had the problem. for a long time now.   and just this morning I paid off 1000 dollars in credit card debt.  so I know I can know finally be on the Journey. again. I was able to do thus before and it would work. for like 8 months to year then I would go back to the same habits but my goal is this time. to change all this around and stop it for good.
  4. @Angie69 [1 likes]: Wow! That was difficult to watch, sooo dramatic.
  5. @77Crazycat77 [1 likes]: Thank you so so much. This is by far, the best video on this subject I've ever seen. So pragmatic, and not a little bit judgmental. Loved it very much! For the first time, this theme was not treated through the lens of decluttering. As a hoarder, you must know as I do, that discarding items is a source of great suffering. That is another subject and must be analyzed separately.
  6. @sarahwieland3243 [1 likes]: Wow, I am gonna test out if  the dopamine shopping theory on myself! I have a shopping addiction too! I love to shop for things whether I need them or not. There is always something I feel I want or need. What sucks is later after I spent the money and brought this item into my home I realized I didn’t want or need it at all 🙄
  7. @lysem4392 [1 likes]: Congratulations on paying down a $10,000 credit card debt in only a year and a half! That's impressive!
About seeing things you really want to buy: I do that too, especially if it's something more expensive. If I still want the item after a few days, then I truly want it.
  8. @dlcarbonneau3750 [1 likes]: It is amazing that now I often wait in the car while my husband goes in to certain stores, ie Marshalls. Since I know I don't need anything and will just come out with stuff because it is beautiful I choose not to go in. This is progress.
  9. @mossyoakmom8880 [1 likes]: I have been hardly buying anything. I used to buy things that I didn’t ever use. Now I’ve recognized that and only buy what I will be using. 
For example, I love office, stationery things. I would buy pens, markers etc. I recently went through a box with this stuff in it and gave away most of it because I never used it. Now when I go to the stationary / office dept at a store I don’t buy unless I absolutely will use it. I’ve saved so much money too!
  10. @NikiLivi5 [1 likes]: I have adhd and ocd. My Amazon is a long list of categories of all I want. I shop and put it in all my neatly described lists. Then I leave it. Later when I feel like it I’ll look thru a list and remove the things I don’t really want. And I rarely buy anything anymore.
  11. @jackceli1684 [1 likes]: I just started watching your videos and it has definitely encouraged me to make some changes in my life. I love your positive attitude and how you explain everything and why you feel the way you do. It helps me understand more why I do what I do.
  12. @janeg5491 [1 likes]: I watch thrifting videos to satisfy 
my craving. Works for me. Somewhat…
  13. @eileenryan4687 [1 likes]: You explain and share your feelings about these topics is so helpful.  Thank you!
  14. @cindyneri579 [1 likes]: I window shop all the time! I’ll spend hours in Home Goods and Hobby Lobby and rarely buy anything. Just looking and enjoying all the things is the high ❤️
  15. @elizabethquintero4030 [1 likes]: You are AWESOME!  Thank you for sharing and inspiring 🙏
  16. @carollane7938 [1 likes]: Thank you.😁
  17. @shantellelee7684 [1 likes]: Thank you 🙏🏼
  18. @anhu8528 [1 likes]: I so enjoy watching your program. It has been so much fun watching your tossy tossy piles get smaller and smaller. Your tips today are great. Staying away from my favorite stores has helped me cut back on spending. Lately I've been challenging myself on how much I can cut my spending at the grocery store!
  19. @alanbirkner1958: October 2025. I seldom buy anything but food. I don't need anything. It takes me over a year to use up a bottle of shampoo. A bar of soap takes over a month.
Each of us owns 2 bath towels. Tina, Al's wife
  20. @grutarg2938: I would be so interested to know how the dopamine works for online shopping - do people get additional joy when the item arrives in the mail or is it already to the remorse stage then?

- Fast Fashion: The Impulse Buying Trap!: Kind: captions Language: en Hey there, fashion lovers. Today, I'm diving into a topic that's shaping the way we shop. Fast fashion and impulse buying. Ever wondered why you end up buying that extra cute dress when you just wanted a pair of jeans? Let's unravel this mystery together. First off, what is fast fashion? Fast fashion is all about trendy clothes that move quickly from the catwalk to stores to meet new trends. These items are usually affordable and updated frequently. And that's where the magic, or should I say the trap, happens. Here's the deal. Fast fashion makes clothing so cheap and accessible that it's easy to get hooked. Every week, sometimes even daily. New styles hit the shelves. This constant stream of new arrivals creates a sense of urgency. You feel like you need to grab that hot pink jacket now or it'll be gone forever. Retailers use clever psychological tricks to influence our spending habits. Ever notice those flashy signs screaming limited time offer or only three left? They're designed to create FOMO, the fear of missing out. This taps into our anxiety about missing out on something exclusive or trendy. Another trick is the layout of the stores. Fast fashion stores are like a maze, guiding you past countless racks and displays. The longer you stay, the more likely you are to make an impulse purchase. And let's not forget about online shopping. Those suggested items and customers also bought sections are pure gold for impulse buys. Now, let's talk about the psychology behind it. When we buy something new, our brain releases dopamine, the feel-good hormone. Fast fashion exploits this by offering us cheap thrills frequently. It's a cycle of constant gratification. You buy, you feel good, and then you want to buy more to keep feeling good. But wait, there's more. Social media plays a huge role in this. Seeing influencers and celebrities flaunting the latest trends makes us want to fit in. The click to buy feature on Instagram and other platforms makes it ridiculously easy to give in to those impulses. So, what can we do about it? Awareness is the first step. Now that you know how fast fashion triggers impulse buying, you can make more mindful choices. Before purchasing, ask yourself, "Do I really need this? Will I still like it in a month?" It's all about being conscious of your habits and making intentional decisions. All right, fashionistas, that's a wrap. Next time you're tempted by a fast fashion sale, remember these tricks and think twice. Thanks for watching. Don't forget to like, comment, and subscribe for more insights into the world of fashion.

- How To STOP Impulse Buying & Retail Therapy | 7 Rules For Intentional Buying: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever walked into a store to get one thing or maybe a couple but the moment you walk through the door you're distracted by that cute shirt that's on sale that home decor item that's so affordable or even that bag of chips that just sounds really good right now and before you know it your cart is filled to bursting with sure maybe a few things that you do need but also a lot that you don't i know that i've been there many times and actually i'd even say that was my default setting at one point i wasn't mindful about purchases i'd pick up whatever caught my attention i'd sit there literally four hours scrolling and online shopping and i'd often use buying things as either an emotional band-aid or a gold star feeling sad why not buy something to feel just a little bit better proud of what you accomplished well obviously you need a reward right and it's not like i was spending massive amounts of money each time but those little things add up and it's not just the upfront cost of the item that's on the tag too there's also the time and energy costs involved in storing the item maintaining it organizing it cleaning it and so on and all that for things that give us this ephemeral dopamine rush that lasts for a moment when we first buy that item and maybe when we bring it home but that we very quickly forget and then months later we start feeling stressed and overwhelmed by all the stuff all the junk that we have in our lives as a bit of a former shopaholic i always like to say shopping is a bad hobby you're basically throwing money away on useless stuff that you'll use once maybe twice and then probably never touch again and honestly that's just such a waste of our precious time here on this planet and a drain on our hard-earned resources now obviously i say all that but obviously we still want to be buying all the things that we need and what's going to add value to our life but it's so important that we keep in mind that mindless scrolling impulse purchases and retail therapy simply aren't the right habits that are going to lead us towards making more intentional purchases if anything they're going to do the exact opposite so then if that's not the path forward what is well whenever we want to make a big change in our lives it's important that we not just remove the bad habits that's going to create a void that will fill with other things either with other unhealthy and unproductive habits or by going back to the same bad habits that we're trying to remove so instead we need to not just remove the unproductive habits but to actually replace them with productive ones habits that will help us to make purchases with more clarity and intention and so retraining my brain and learning healthy shopping habits is really something that i've been trying to learn and practice a ton over the past few years and i'm still not perfect let's be honest as humans we're never really going to reach that point but i have made some incredible progress in learning to buy more intentionally to avoid impulse purchases and to stop using emotions to justify spending i mean looking at my buying habits now versus what they were a few years ago it is literally a night and day difference so today i want to share with you seven of the spending rules that i've implemented that have really helped me tremendously to retrain my brain and to develop better buying habits so if you're ready to stop impulse shopping for good then stick around and be sure to listen to the end when i'll be sharing one of my best tips for what to do when you inevitably mess up when it feels like you're taking two steps forward and one backwards all right but i want to get right into this now so if you haven't already make sure to hit that subscribe button below for more simple and intentional living videos coming at you twice a week and let's get started with our first shopping roll and that's to do a spending freeze try challenging yourself not to buy anything but essentials for a period of time usually anywhere from 7 to 30 days for a lot of us shopping is a deeply ingrained habit if not an addiction it's something that we go to and start doing without even thinking about it and so doing a spending freeze or a no spend challenge really can be a great way to kind of go cold turkey to flush kind of those bad habits out of your system and to start bringing all of your purchasing decisions to the forefront of your mind and it's really funny because when you start doing this you'll all of a sudden become incredibly aware of all of these little purchases that you make throughout your week without even them ever consciously coming to your attention and so what i'd recommend is if you're just beginning now your impulse shopping journey and wanting to stop i would actually recommend doing a 30-day spending freeze and that's going to give you enough time to really learn where you're most prone to impulse shopping it's going to give you a longer period of time just to relearn some of those habits but even a few years in sometimes i notice my habits just kind of getting a little bit lacks maybe i'm picking up a coffee at starbucks on my way driving somewhere or something like that i find myself making more impulse purchases something that i like to do is just a shorter spending freeze i'll go a week without spending any unnecessary money and that helps me just to create a bit of a reset so whether it's for a longer or shorter period of time i love challenges like this because they help us to kind of reset our habits and get ourselves to a much healthier place but then also too we'll learn so much about how we spend money why we spend money the way that we spend money and i think that if we're really conscious about processing through okay why do i want to buy something right now there really is so much we can learn that can in turn help us to create healthier shopping habits going forward and one quick tip with this for a successful shopping freeze is to get accountability find a friend or maybe a family member and challenge them to do the shopping ban with you you can check in with each other either week to week or at the end of the month and then just sit down and compare kind of what each other did sometimes having somebody to kind of go through it creates a bit of a competitive atmosphere to it makes it more fun and then also it's not just you trying to do it all yourself you've kind of got community and support too okay but then our second shopping role and this one really is so huge is to avoid a problem spots know your weaknesses where or when are you most prone to impulse shopping or emotional spending maybe it's the dollar spot at target a specific store's app on your phone maybe it's instagram or even the entire store of home goods and honestly it doesn't have to be a specific place to it might just be when you're really hungry and haven't eaten or late at night when you're really tired and probably should be trying to fall asleep instead become aware of where and when you're most tempted to spend and try to intentionally avoid those areas or shopping during those times you know especially with impulse purchases we really are only going to be tempted to spend based on what we see so one of the best things that you can do is just try to limit your exposure to the source of that temptation and not to put yourself in environments where you're going to be tempted to spend just by deleting the app avoiding that one section of the store or having a meal before you go buy groceries you'll be able to avoid a lot of impulse spending and one quick tip with this one that's especially helpful if groceries are an area where you tend to impulse spend maybe more than others is to try using buy online and pick up in store a lot of the impulse shopping that we do in the grocery store is basically seeing things on the end caps and aisle displays and just kind of adding them to our cart and so by just ordering everything online and picking it up you don't actually need to go into the store you're not going to see the displays so it's a lot easier to come away from the grocery store with only what you need but then moving on number three is to consider your headspace the next time you go out to buy something just check in quickly and ask yourself am i feeling emotional sad or even depressed right now and if you are don't go out shopping try finding other ways to uplift your mood without spending money yes there is the dopamine head that makes us feel a little bit better when we first buy something but it isn't lasting you know it's really a band-aid fix at best it covers the problem but it doesn't actually fix it to find real healing you're going to need to go to the root and shopping just isn't going to help with that so a rule that i've implemented for myself that i found to really help is to only buy things when i'm in a happy and healthy mindset or at least a neutral one because buying things as a coping mechanism or to ignore or minimize other problems really just delays the issue sure i can buy something but i know that a few hours later i'll be feeling exactly how i was before it's a lot like a placebo pill it might look like a solution but it's not actually going to do anything long term you're going to end up in the exact same place okay and then our fourth rule is to make a list of what you need and this is really just a great way to avoid those run-of-the-mill impulse buys you know the tip where we run out to the store just to buy a gallon of milk but then come home with bags and bags filled with coffee candy fruit or whatever else caught our attention at the store and if that's something that you do you go shopping and just buy whatever catches your eye list can be really helpful by writing out a list of only the items that you need and focusing on buying only those not only are you going to be able to buy a lot more intentionally but also i think you'll be surprised by how much money you can save the key though is to buy only the items on the list you don't want to check everything off the list and then just start browsing i feel like something that's worth mentioning with this one is i feel like when we hear used lists we often think of grocery shopping lists which i feel like almost all of us use and while obviously yes using lists works great for buying food it doesn't need to be limited to that making lists and only buying based off of those can work great for things like clothing and other household goods too this is actually something that we did a couple months ago when we decluttered christopher's wardrobe he got rid of a lot of worn out clothes but then because of that ended up with several gaps in his wardrobe so we wrote down a pretty specific list of what were the gaps that he had in his wardrobe and what items he would need to fill them and over the past few months we've been able to fill all of those holes without really bringing in any access and so making and using lists really can be such a powerful way to make sure that you're buying what you need without having any mindless purchases just sneaking in there then our fifth role is to find healthy alternatives whether it's through spending scrolling eating junk food or anything else we often self-medicate or reward ourselves in unhealthy ways and like we were talking about before it's not enough just to get rid of those old unproductive habits but we need to replace them with something new so it's important that we find healthier and more productive alternatives and what exactly that looks like and what works is obviously going to be individual to you but a couple ideas are to try calling a friend going outside or reading a book or making a tea for me drinking a tea and getting outside really are my go-to's being outdoors is a great way to naturally boost your serotonin levels it's going to reduce stress increase your energy and to help calm you and so where in the past my default might have been online shopping scrolling social media or going to the store in the past now what i try to do when i'm feeling stressed or anxious is i'll just go outside for a walk or even sit in the sun and honestly i get a similar feeling when i make a tea too it's something that i look forward to and enjoy and there's something just very cozy and warming and honestly soothing to me about that process and so whether you choose to do those or something completely different try finding healthy alternatives to using shopping as a form of therapy or reward the goal is to stop seeing shopping and buying things as this very emotionally driven thing and to try looking at it from a more practical perspective then we have two left here number six is to think long term most impulse buyers are the result of being caught up in the moment and so you want to get outside of that and something that i like to think about whenever i'm considering an item that i hadn't initially planned on purchasing is do i see myself using this item in a year how about in five years sometimes just drawing out the time frame that we're trying to figure out if an item will be useful to us it really can help us gain a lot of clarity and perspective and then just a really practical habit that i try to practice whenever i'm about to check out from a store is before i approach the checkout line i'll just look down at what i have in my hands or my shopping cart and just ask myself do i need this will i use it do i love it if the answer is no i'll just go and put it back and it's funny when i first started doing this it was a bit embarrassing how much i was putting back but gradually over time it's gotten less and less and most of the time i can check out now without putting anything back but sometimes there is still something that i'll put away and so this really has just made a huge difference for me one of the biggest problems with our impulse purchases is that we just aren't thinking about them and so by bringing that decision-making process to the forefront of our minds when we're about to buy something we can usually avoid most impulse purchases so just write these questions down on your phone or a piece of paper bring it with you when you go shopping and the next time you go to check out just ask yourself those questions am i going to use it not just now but long term do i need it do i love it and if you don't just put it back all right and then finally number seven is to return liberally did you make a mistake did you make an impulse purchase did you engage in a bit of retail therapy it's okay and it's not too late to fix it i feel like often when we're trying to make a big change like this we just want things to get immediately better overnight but that's not always how it works and in fact it usually isn't the road to progress is usually paved with two steps forward and one backward but what we have to realize is that's just part of the journey so don't get down on yourself if you make a mistake that's not productive fix it as much as you can return the item see if there's a lesson that you might be able to learn for next time but then move on for a bit there the people at the target returns desk got to know me a little bit too well as i was retraining my habits but over time as i became more aware and intentional about my purchases i found that i was needing to return things less and less i think it's important that we allow ourselves grace and time and room to grow we're not always going to do it perfectly but the goal is just that we can in a year in five years or in 10 be able to look back and see growth all right well that's it those are the seven roles that i used to transform my buying habits they've helped me go from a habitual impulse shopper and using buying things as a band-aid fix to cover up deeper issues to really shopping far more intentionally and buying with purpose and so whether you choose to implement one or a handful of these rules i really hope that this gives you maybe some tools that you can use to change your buying habits but now i'd love to know is there maybe one or a handful of these tips that you want to start implementing today i'd love to hear about it so be sure to let me know in the comments below that's everything i've got for you in today's video but as always don't forget to give this video a like if you enjoyed it and subscribe if you haven't already for more simple and intentional living videos coming at you twice a week see you all in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @AmysExquisiteGifts [9 likes]: Rules start at 3:36 timestamp ❤ video is good and helpful just took wayyyyyyy too long to get to the rules
  2. @Haiokbai [1 likes]: The first time I went to Costco I spent 175$. I was so shocked I wanted to throw up. Costco is extremely dangerous….no thanks.
  3. @prettypinkcrafting1070 [1 likes]: I have managed to make less online purchases. And try to save shopping instore maybe once a month - but then end up going on a spree then, have a budget I stick oo. I have been making wishlists and trying to keep to that most of the time marking which items I need or really want most, then delete the other items that no longer interest me. I was about to make a sephora order as they have a sale on + I have a £5 voucher but that doesn't expire until December. My mum passed away on Xmas Eve last year. I sometimes comfort eat and I like buying perfumes
  4. @giainto5564 [1 likes]: Intro is too long. Almost 4 minutes.
  5. @Haira-v1q: Hard for me to haul the clearance section😢 thanks for the video
  6. @truelionofhylia8152: She sounds like she learned from experience. I could still learn slowly.
  7. @DorotaLaskowska-c9v: O, to dla mnie! Zbyt często ulegam 'terapii zakupowej'. Czas na 7 konkretnych zasad, żeby wreszcie zacząć kupować świadomie i oszczędzać!
  8. @Bree-u1s: I’m putting my $40.00 fun money away so I don’t spend it all in the first day or two of having it! I put it in an envelope in my closet downstairs! I can’t wait to save it up for bigger purchases like clothing that I need Woohoo!!! Love this video! ❤
  9. @anubyB: This was so helpfull, thank you❤
  10. @khelix23: The last couple of years I’ve been doing what I call a once per year bad decision (usually I spend the same amount of money in an article that I don’t want or didn’t like but I felt pressured to buy because the seller 😂)I need to break that cycle
  11. @DL-idk: New things in the stores are like a super hot new guy/gal coming in the town. And the things we already own are like the spouses that have been there for years. You get that new thing, and that thing will inevitably become just like the things you already have.
  12. @NicuGherman-d2w: I look book and see all the stuff I bought
  13. @sarahtorres8421: The tips of “avoiding stores, deleting apps” and “trying a no-spend challenge” seems a bit like the dieting mentality that can end up causing feelings of deprivation and then bingeing. I wonder if those methods have long term success? From my experience, they didn’t help me for very long until I fell back into my spending habits. I think the other advice of bringing your attention to why you’re buying it, what is your mood, and do you need it is a more effective way to impact spending habits.

Ive also fallen victim to returning impulse buys but then doing “girl math” and buying other items because i feel like i got my money back from the return. 🤦‍♀️
  14. @badcuzimpeachey: I'm a amazon and temu shopper when I get sad I just buy. I'm trying my hardest not to shop cause I need a car 😩
  15. @renitatellis7772: I go shopping whn am in a rush 😅 I hardly find time to wander around . Jus buy whts in my list ad rush home 😊
  16. @Cat-ik1wo: Stuff is no different from food or anything else. You see it, you desire it, you buy it, you have it then either you did not like it or you did, but you get too much of it. After a while, you get your use out of it then you have to eliminate it. Trash or toilet, its all the same. Everything changes and everything passes.
  17. @ladylin3026: I'd love to know the answer to this. When you ask yourself the 3 questions before checkout, do you put it back if the answer is No to any of the 3 questions? Or only if No to all? Lol not me looking for a loophole.. "Do i need this" is a loaded question! 😆 loved the video
  18. @SanctifiedLady: Pinterest gets me inspired to spend money!!
  19. @heavenhall3512: I remember when I started retail therapy from my anxious feelings of work the next day and I would buy the night before to feel better. I always wonder where my money goes because I have literally no idea and I wanna do better
  20. @ktrudy1: At the intro of the video, I feel like you know me all the way through. Lol.❤

- The Pros & Cons of Being a Therapist  | Kati Morton: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, everybody happy Thursday, and I'm wearing my Vidcon t-shirt cuz I'm a cool kid Kind of not really more like a dork but proud of it so today I'm going to talk about something that was asked a long time ago, and I have been putting it off I'm not gonna lie because I want to think about it and so I had to think and the question is Kati, could you talk about the pros and cons of being a therapist? And the reason I want to talk about and the reason I was like this is a good question and I should talk about it is because I hear from a lot of you that you yourself want to become a therapist or a social worker or someone who is helpful in a professional in the mental health field and I think it's important to kind of note what the pros and cons are. So without further ado, let's get started Let's start with some of the cons so we can end on a good note Now the cons and something that I've been very very open and honest about are, number one, we don't make a lot of money the average income when I started grad school, which was back in 2007, I think the average income was $55,000 a year. Now that's obviously I'm in California. I mean the United States I know that can differ from place to place, but I can -- I'll just get real with you When I first started working in the hospitals, I got paid about $24 an hour, and then I worked at a treatment center Prior to that where I got paid $14 an hour so that gives you an idea of kind of where we're starting at And then in private practice you can charge more. I remember when I was not licensed in working under my supervisor I charged $85 an hour And I know that some people charge all the way up to $225 an hours, so somewhere in there could be something that you find works for you But it -- we don't make that much money. And the second thing I want to talk about is that we work odd hours I mean, I'm not a morning person, but I know some therapists work really early in the morning So they can see their clients before they go to work. I personally decided to work in the afternoon, starting around You know a noon-ish, and I go all the way sometimes until 8 o'clock at night. Some therapist I know work even later than that have a woman who works in the same suite as me and she goes until 10:00 p.m. So you can have to work in a different kind of schedule than a lot of your friends and family may And the third con and I don't even know if this really a con as much as kind of like a thing to think about is that we really have to take care of ourselves. It's really important that I'm in therapy myself It's really important that I hold myself accountable for my own mental health, and I think that a lot of therapists sometimes forget to do this And I believed at that point then we aren't as effective and so if you want to become a therapist. I hear from a lot of you, can you be a therapist even if you struggle with mental health issues? And the answer is yes, but you have to have them under control I'm a firm believer, and if I can't help myself I can't help anybody else, and I never go into a session Thinking that I'm going to glean something from my client to help myself I honestly feel like that's really wrong And it should be all about my client how I can better serve them not making it about me in any shape or form Now on to the pros. That was enough of the cons The first pro And the reason that I keep doing what I do is because it's so rewarding to get to see your clients grow, change, and become the people that you always knew they were, that something was just maybe holding them back But they were able to process through it. That whole experience is just what makes it so amazing and wonderful Now the second and this is something that I'm just going to make it personal for me because this is what I think makes their -- like why I've become a therapist is because my work is actually fulfilling I don't just show up to work push some papers around types of numbers in and I don't know what happens with it But I send it off for the person that I'm supposed to do it You know like a TPS report if you watched office space um it's not something like that It's something where I'm actually interacting. It's really fulfilling and at the end of the day I'm like you know I helped people. The third thing is that it's always changing Every day is different even if you're seeing the same people, they have a whole different week that they've gone through, and different things that they want to work on and it's never just the same I'm not just typing up some reports and then sending them off and it's the same shit day after day after day It's always different, and I love that. It keeps me interested Time flies, I never realized how long I worked at any of the treatment centers or hospitals or even in my private practice how long I've been doing it, because time just flies and it's not so boring. And the fourth and final pro I'm going to talk about is that it's a challenge. I love being challenged. That's why I also love YouTube Not only do I get to see each of you grow and change and become better people but I'm also challenged to learn more, to do more, and as a Therapist not only are we legally required to do continuing education units where we learn more, but my clients challenge me. If I'm going to refer them to something, or if we're going to try new techniques. I make sure I know it inside and out I make sure I read through as much as I can and I really enjoy that challenge and that I can always be bettering myself and bettering who I am as a therapist. I hope you found that helpful. I know that It's something a lot of you been asking and I know that a lot of you want to be a therapist and so consider some of the things I've said and see you know what you think What are your thoughts. Are those things that you're willing to live with, are those -- are the -- do the pros outweigh the cons? Because, honestly, for any of us to be happy in our jobs I feel like the pros always have to outweigh the cons. We need to make money to make our lives work and to make the world go round But at the end of the day I hope that each and every one of you can find a job that you really feel good about that could be anything jobs are different for everyone but I want you to end every day feeling good about yourself and feeling glad that you have the job you have. So take that into consideration when you're deciding what your career path is because I can't imagine it being any different for myself, and I hope that and wish that for each and every one of you, okay? I love you all and I will see you on Monday. Bye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @richsmith4363 [1 likes]: I was a therapist for almost 40 years.  I loved my job up to the point that I went into clinic management.
  2. @daviddees1976: 85-225 an hour is more than the majority of society.
  3. @rachelbrewster9880: That is actually a type of iatrogenic harm
  4. @ripplerfx: When you say $85 /hr is that only when you’re with a client? Are you getting paid the same when doing administrative work? My guess is it depends on where you work, right?
  5. @TravelGamer87: There's burnout in every job
  6. @mariannami8049: Thank you for this episode. I’m going to start Masters in MHC this Fall but still debating if this is worth the money and effort to go into this profession. Your explanations are very positive. I’m glad to hear. Looking forward to entering this profession.
  7. @MentalMoldingMatters: Hey! I run a podcast where I talk to people about mental health and self-growth via zoom. Would you be open to a conversation sometime?
  8. @manadziveasv2418: 130$ an hour is not good money?
  9. @azimuthbusinesscenter: he threatened to leave, he threatened to stay. Everything is a threat, unless he pays.
  10. @BoDiddle13: I thought the average salary is 70k a year for licensed mental health therapists ? That’s pretty good
  11. @loveluz1994: So far, the pros outweigh the cons, so I am all in. :D Thank you for this video!
  12. @theseerofthe9realms: Now at least in California they are paying lcsw 75k
  13. @Yambataller: Money is not too important (as long as you can survive), but feeling good at your job is priceless and regardless of the job or situation, inner ‘work’ helps a lot. It is but something constant you have to get used to do. For me faith helps tremendously. Even if you are a nonbeliever an affirmation or a mantra or a prayer can go a long way. I remember when I was worried about money I used to say: Life continuous being free and easy :) no matter what. Thank you Kati for this content!
  14. @CaraVue: Short, Sweet, Straight to the point, and Well-explained. Thanks for this video!
  15. @blahblah7050: can you decide that you dont wanna work with a client
  16. @tadaisyknights: What areas do you specialise in? Im considering it so i came here to get some ideas of as to if its for me. I'm just curious, do different areas hold different gravity to you personally or can you distances yourself from others problems so it doesnt effect you, if so how? Is the distance needed or is it natural? I want to help others but im not sure if ill get too absorbed into it that i lose myself. Dont answer if its too personal, i understand if it is
  17. @RebeccaDavis-nw2ec: I’m so confused. If you’re charging $85 / hour, that’s $176k a year…. That’s no enough money?
  18. @sunflowermood829: I reaaaaaaly want to become a psychotherapist or a neuropsychologist but I'm so scared that all the emotions and the hard stuff I will hear will make me go to a downward spiral
  19. @Rubester-cl6op: My guess is while being a therapist is probably extremely rewarding. It might be hard on one’s personal life especially if some of your friends and family didn’t see the friend who happens to be a therapist is not there therapist and off the clock life is different, it also seems like it may be very hard say for someone with children as there is the finding balance of taking care of clients at work and children at home.
  20. @brocksamson9737: Ugh. The second I heard her voice I was already extremely irritated. She has that try-hard happy-go-lucky attitude which seemed disingenuous beyond belief.

- Why Retail Therapy Doesn't Work | Alison Lally | TEDxUniversityofSheffield: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever had a bad day and decided to go shopping to try to make yourself feel better? Did it work? Did it make you feel better? How long did you feel better for? And did you need to go shopping again soon after to get that better feeling back? That's retail therapy. And it doesn't work for us and it doesn't work for the planet. Yet many of us who are lucky enough to be able to afford to do it will do it regularly to try and boost our mood. I know about retail therapy because I used to do it myself. I had a lot of self-doubt and insecurity. I worked really hard pushing myself for really long hours because that was a way of avoiding feeling those difficult feelings. And I thought I had to work that long to do well enough. I neglected my health and fitness so much I had osteoporosis before I was 40. And every month or so I'd get myself some DVDs and books just to put myself up a little reward to keep me going. How many exercise DVDs do you think one person needs? Not 31, that's for sure. But that's how many I bought over the years. I was in denial that I was doing retail therapy. I didn't like clothes shopping. But actually for many people retail therapy isn't about all shopping. So for me it was DVDs and books. For other people it can be trainers, it can be exercise equipment, it can be technology, a favorite brand, or even buying presents for other people. If I'd stopped to think what I was doing I would have realized it was that I was doing retail therapy so much sooner. A question that can really help us understand the motivation behind any action is what is it that I want from doing that? So imagine I'm in this shop. I'm considering say my 10th exercise DVD. What is it I want from buying that DVD? To be fitter and healthier. Using the question again to get deeper into the motivation what is it I want from being fitter and healthier? Now this is where I've got to be prepared to be honest with myself. Cuz if I say something like to live to a healthy old age it sounds plausible. But I wouldn't have been working 14 hour days and I'd have been doing the exercise DVDs I'd already bought. And I wasn't. What I really wanted from being fitter and healthier was to feel better about myself. To feel more confident and to feel less self-doubt and I was doing retail therapy. The reason I'm talking about retail therapy is its impact on the planet. When I was doing my retail therapy I didn't know that for every DVD the weight of the gases, the greenhouse gases that are released in the manufacture and distribution of that DVD it's more than five times the weight of that DVD and its case. When I was buying DVD after DVD I didn't think how the case of most of them is plastic. If that plastic ends up in landfill or in our oceans as so much plastic does, it breaks down into tiny fragments called microplastics. And these microplastics can get into our food and our water. If I was to ask you what percentage of the people in this room do you think have microplastics in their blood? What would you think? 1%? 10%? 20%? What if I tell you it's 80%? This paper published last month found microplastics in the blood of 80% of the people they tested. While the evidence isn't yet conclusive about the harmful impact of having these microplastics in our bodies that evidence is growing. So retail therapy doesn't work for the planet. I didn't realize when I was doing it the impact I was having. Retail therapy doesn't work for us either. So you might think oh well actually it works for me. I enjoy a bit of retail Why does it seem like it works? Imagine I've had a bad day. I'm thinking about it and I'm not liking the way I'm feeling. So I decide right, I'm going to get myself a DVD. Bit of retail therapy. You may well have heard of dopamine. It's a chemical that's released when we take action towards something we see as a reward. For me that DVD is a reward. So now my dopamine is flowing. I'm feeling better than I was because dopamine feels good. Have you ever bought more than you expected in a sale? We're constantly comparing what's happening with what we expect. And so a bargain where there's a bigger positive gap between what we expected and what the price actually is that gets our dopamine flowing more. The same dopamine effect applies in online shopping. If you think of a time when you booked a holiday in advance and how you felt in the run-up to that holiday, it's like that. The extended period of anticipation while we're waiting for that package to arrive at the door that's triggering our dopamine to flow for longer. Why then am I saying that retail therapy doesn't work? Because dopamine's purpose is to reward that's taking us towards that goal that we're seeking. It stops when we get it. So if you've ever worked really hard for something substantial and you achieve it you might have found yourself soon after feeling a little bit flat wondering what's coming next. That's partly the dopamine stopping. And so for me now I've bought the DVD and my dopamine stops. And I'll find myself in all likelihood right back at the feeling I was trying to distract myself from. And after that I'm going to want to go shopping again. I didn't realize but I could have bought every DVD in the shop and still my self-doubt and insecurity would have been back sooner afterwards. Retail therapy only ever gives us a short-term mood boost. And what are the longer-term consequences of retail therapy? Multiple studies suggest they're negative. Once we have enough having more doesn't make us happier. Studies that have tracked people over time find more materialistic people buy more and consume more. They tend to have lower satisfaction in life later on in life particularly in the areas of their family, their relationships, and their jobs. Less materialistic people consume less and buy less. And they report greater levels of well-being and lower levels of psychological distress. These studies are from tracking people over time so they don't prove that buying less will make an individual happier. But they do suggest there is a connection between what we buy and consume and our well-being. So if we're not going to do retail therapy what do we do those times when not feeling the way that we want to. I want to suggest two options to you. The first option is just to choose other sustainable healthy activities that get you thinking and feeling differently and give you a bit of a mood boost. There's a small park just 2 minutes walk from where I live. It's got a lovely view out over the city, and I love to just walk and leave my brand and looking at the view and the plants and the animals. Each of us will have our own activities that give us a boost. It can be things like exercise, reading a chapter of a book that you really enjoy, playing a musical instrument, having a bath. It's not things that you think you should do, it's things that you enjoy doing. Having some ideas written down in advance can be really helpful because once we're in that lower mood, it can be harder to think of the options. So, just take a moment and think, "What could some of those activities be for you?" The other option that I'm going to suggest might sound counterintuitive at first, but it really works. And it's the one that I most recommend. It is to feel our existing emotions, drop any story or thinking that we have about them, and then they will pass. There's lots of research that shows when we try to suppress our feelings or distract ourselves from them, it doesn't work. Not only will those feelings come back later, they will often come back stronger. When I was trying to distract myself from my insecurity and self-doubt through retail therapy, I didn't spot I was only ever getting a short-term mood boost, but it was. It was only ever short-term. And I didn't see that that retail therapy was keeping me stuck in a pattern of not exercising. I'd have been far better doing the exercise DVDs I already had than using that precious free time to go and buy more. It was such a relief when I saw how thought operates and how it was creating all this noise in my head of unhelpful thinking and all these feelings in my body. And I found that those unhelpful thoughts, I don't have to believe them. And I don't have to pay attention to them. And my feelings, if I dare to feel them, I won't fall into a bottomless pit and never be able to get back out of them. They can just flow through me. Feel the feelings and drop the story. I love this quote. It's from Sydney Banks. If the only thing people learned was not to be afraid of their experience, that alone would change the world. When I stopped being afraid of my experience, I found I can just let those feelings flow through me. And now the self-doubt and the insecurity still comes around, but not as often because I'm not paying attention to the thoughts like I'm not good enough that drive that kind of feeling. And I don't have the urge to do retail therapy now. It doesn't make sense anymore to me because I don't need to change how I'm feeling, whether it's good or bad. So, if like I was feeling that kind of insecurity and having that I'm not good enough thought, if you have that as well, I want to reassure you lots of people do. And it doesn't need to stop you from achieving anything you want to or doing anything you want to. It's just a habit of thought and feeling. It has no relation to how good you are at what you do and no relation to how good a person you are. If like I was, you've been succumbing to retail therapy, don't beat yourself up about it. That's just more unhelpful thinking. We're all doing the best we can. And as we learn more, we learn how to do better. I can't tell you what to buy or not to buy. I can't tell you how much is enough for you of any particular item. We each have to make our own decisions. But I do believe that if we make those decisions with greater understanding of our thoughts and greater acceptance of our feelings, then we will make better decisions that lead to better outcomes both for our own well-being and for the future of our beautiful world. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kobir2729 [3 likes]: I lost the will to live after watching this video!
  2. @elizabethhollowaye7494 [1 likes]: After the initial rush, there are feelings of guilt.

- The “Retail Therapy” Scam... It's Time You Knew: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to my channel in today's video we are talking about the retail therapy scam that we all fell for and if you're on the same trajectory as me if you're in a similar headspace you and I know it's over now okay the retail therapy scam is over now but I will really wanted to explore the term retail therapy and where did it come from what does it mean because when I've when I think of about therapy when I think of the word therapy to me it's supposed to be a good thing it's supposed to be helpful it's supposed to be beneficial but I think with the term retail therapy when taken too far especially in my experience it's led to over consumption it's led to just this immense amount of clutter that I then have to deal with at a later date that I then have to tackle and un you know unload clear out send off to charity shops or try to sell and most the time it's ended up being more stressful and causing me more grief so the term therapy I just think it's really interesting you know it sounds soothing it sounds beneficial it sounds calming and relaxing and maybe for a lot of us in the moment it is but later on down the road like me you could end up in a space where you just feel even more stressed out because you have too much clutter and you need to offload it from what I found online the term retail therapy was first used in 1986 in the Chicago Tribune on Christmas Eve and in the article it read we've become a nation measuring out our lives in shopping bags and nursing our psychic ills through retail therapy okay that if that isn't the truth of the matter then I don't know what is since I've been reflecting on my experience with retail therapy and how I engaged in retail therapy over the years I realized that in the short-term moment it was soothing it was relaxing and it was calming but long term it led to a cluttered space and it led to more feelings of unhappiness but now around those things that I needed to clear out and I needed to get rid of let's not even get started on the financial aspect when you are able to see a pile of clutter and recognize that that is your money that is your money that is just sitting there and it went to waste that can cause you a level of financial stress indulging in retail therapy too frequently can cause you to go into debt and it can cause more financial stress so how did we get here how did We All Fall for the retail therapy scam in my experience retail therapy always felt like a quick fix it always felt quicker and easier than putting in the work it's hard to find a good therapist therapy's expensive of indulging in some what things like harmless retail therapy yes you're still spending your money but depending on what you're buying sometimes retail therapy can actually be cheaper than proper and real therapy it can feel easier it can feel quicker and it can feel cheaper sometimes than putting that work into yourself or trying to resolve a situation within yourself or within your life and or maybe maybe it seems like a better option than antidepressants or meditating or taking the time to work on a situation back in the 80s and back in the 90s before e-commerce and before the internet really took off and was even really around I think it was it was easier and it was seen as more harmless to engage in retail therapy because I do think there were certain parameters and certain restrictions placed on retail therapy that it probably didn't feel as harmless as it does today for you and I and what we see and the results that we're seeing I think back in the 80s back in the 90s people could really only engage in retail therapy maybe on their lunch breaks at work you know and maybe even then it might only be half an hour of browsing the shops or after work and even then it's only a few hours by the time you finish work you know the shops shut at a reasonable hour especially here in Australia so there wasn't really much time to dedicate to retail therapy even on weekends it was something that you really had to plan you had to make almost a day out of it to go to the mall and even then you know the mall closes at a certain time the more opens at a certain time so there were definitely parameters around shopping that we just don't have today you know we have shopping from the palm of our hand we have access to more stores and more retail opportunities than we've ever had before just from this little device in our hands back in the 80s and 90s it wasn't like that and I think that's why retail therapy wasn't as maybe harmful or it just wasn't seen as as harmful you know yes there were shopping channels that probably enticed people to spend and shop and I mean I've delved into the occasional Shopping Channel at midnight when I can't sleep but it's nowhere near I personally think it doesn't stand a chance up against the power that influencers hold in the shopping space watching an influencer share her recommendations on a YouTube video feels a lot more relatable and feels a lot more organic than maybe what you would see on a shopping channel not to mention you know they tell you that they love you and they tell you that you're like their friend but you know Lincoln bio if you're someone who's really going through a hard time those parasocial relationships can really be a strong force and a strong driver for your for your shopping you know I don't know about you but the presenters on shopping channels you don't have that same Rapport you know they don't tell you they love you they don't tell you you're like their friend you know they they're doing their job and it's it's clear that they're just presenting and showing the products whereas influencers serve as both someone that claims they love you and claims that you know you're like their friend and they you just know them so well but they also almost seemed more trustworthy because they're just sitting in their house you know they're not surrounded by bright lights and huge camera equipment in a studio it's just more relatable we're in a place now in society where we're really deep in e-commerce and we're really deep into influencer culture that some of us maybe you and I have awoken to this idea and started to question the idea that maybe we've all been duped there is some truth that retail therapy does have some short-term benefits and there are some scientific evidence out there to support that it does show and it does have short-term benefits it has been shown that buying can actually increase and boost your mood and also facilitate social connection however I do think that doesn't count if you just are sitting in your room alone on your phone which is how a lot of us engage in shopping in 2023 retail therapy May activate neurotransmitters such as dopamine and endorphins that improve your mood so in a way I guess in the short term it can be seen as therapy but there are so many other activities that we can engage in that boost our mood and I personally think contribute to more of a long lasting more stable mood boost things like getting out in nature exercising being around loved ones engaging in a creative activity or a hobby in things like this are good for your physical and your mental health but not only that they're also possibly saving you money you know like hanging out with a friend and you can do that for free going for a walk you're also getting those physical and those mental benefits when I used to online shop as a form of retail therapy it'd be like almost like eating a cake and having a blood sugar Spike you know it would be like hitting checkout and then I just have this giant Rush of endorphins and excitement and then five minutes later I'd be like oh God like now what you know now I have to wait for a week for the package to arrive and then I'll have my next endorphin hit that will last another five minutes whereas things like getting out in nature going for a walk you know engaging in some type of hobby or activity that's a bit creative hanging out with loved ones you know listening to music these things you do they can boost your mood for hours and they can also have really good health benefits not only physically but also mental those types of therapy so to speak are so much more beneficial and the results are just more long-lasting I personally think than retail therapy I really started to think about the difference between retail therapy and impulsive shopping because I do think that I had a tendency to do both I do think that they co-handed and and I'm going to read this to you because apparently Google says I literally asked Google like what's the difference between impulsive shopping and retail therapy and Google says the motivations behind a shopping addiction are similar to retail therapy people shop to lift their mood relieve stress cope with boredom and feel better about themselves however the difference is that they do this excessively not in moderation and they continue to spend money even if they don't have it I said this before I sound like a conspiracy theorist but we're never going to see the same recognition for impulsive shopping or unhealthy shopping Tendencies or shopping addictions that we see for other addictions you know this is something that I think a lot of women are struggling with but we're not going to see as much research as much attention on this and even this was clear to me when I was Googling these types of things I was Googling retail therapy I was Googling shopping addictions I was Googling impulsing shopping Tendencies and so many articles were saying things like oh you know they it's good for you as long as it's done in moderation and as long as you don't go too far you know you can engage in healthy impulsive shopping and healthy retail therapy as long as you just don't take it too far whereas for me I think the waters can get muddy really really quickly for somebody like me who has a background and who has a past with impulsive shopping and I think with indulging in retail therapy for me the waters are just too muddy and I feel like I can cross that line so quickly I feel like any of us can cross that line so quickly between retail therapy and impulsive shop I do think that if you choose to or you want to continue to engage in retail therapy and you still want to shop you know I think there are there are still many benefits of shopping and you know sometimes we do need or want or desire new things it got me thinking about the last time that I feel like maybe the last and maybe the only one of the only times I feel like I actually effectively used retail therapy to my benefit and I feel like it was actually beneficial and it actually was was good to do at the time and what I noticed about this experience I'm going to share with you is that there were certain I mean I'm gonna say rules but I know rose sounds a bit strict I suppose there were certain criteria and there was certain parameters and and certain things that were happening during this experience that I personally think made it okay and I don't think necessarily there is anything wrong with retail therapy especially in the example that I'm going to share with you next probably the last and only time I felt like I used retail therapy effectively and it was actually beneficial for me was when my dog Flynn you know you may know Flynn I'm gonna have some photos up of him the love of my life my darling little angel that fell from heaven obsessed with him he went into surgery he was going to have Day Surgery had surgery on his throat and his nose and if you know anything about about animals and anesthesia if you have a dog that's gone through surgery you may be able to relate to this but it's really stressful having a dog under anesthesia can be really risky especially brylophallic breeds and I was very very distraught I was very much I was really not doing okay my mama actually drove us to the vet for that for that surgery because she didn't want me to drive because she didn't think that I was able to concentrate and honestly probably I don't know if I could have I was trying not to cry around Flynn because I didn't want him to think that anything was going wrong but like I just remember just before dropping him off at the vet I was like oh my God okay the memories are triggering um I just remember telling him like you be a good boy and you come back to me okay you wake up today and everything's gonna be okay you you you come back okay you you're gonna wake up for me right I feel like a lunatic but honestly it was really really hard and it was scary because I dropped Flynn off at the vet that day not knowing if I was going to see him again or if I was gonna pick him up or God forbid I was gonna get a call to say that he didn't make it I didn't think I'd be crying about a situation that happened like what two three years ago but here we are okay anyway so at this time at the same time I had just moved in and I was looking for things around my house I was looking for specific things that I mean you could argue I didn't need them but you know I wanted them for my house I wanted them to feel like my house is complete and one of the things that I needed were big pots and still to this day I have these parts I'm currently looking at them right now they've got my lime tree My Lemon Tree my roses in them they've got my mulberry tree in them so these are really these are pots that I still use and I still love to this day and it was actually my mum's idea she said you know like we've got some hours to kill let's be honest you know you're not going to go back to work and be able to concentrate you're going to be a mess and it's true I was like I was I was hysterically crying after I dropped clean off at the vet oh so she said you know let's go to Bunnings and if you're not in Australia Bunnings is like an outdoor garden center it's like indoor and out store it's like a hardware store so she's like let's go to a few Bunnings and look at a few pots and see if you find any you like and truly like that was one of the best things and probably the only thing that I felt like I could do don't get me wrong I was still like I had my phone glued to my hand I was constantly checking the time I was like oh my God like they haven't called me yet like I wonder if he's still under is he is he alive like is he okay what's going on but I I felt like I I could manage you know it was manageable like you know if you just told me hey let's go to the gym let's go let's go for a walk I'd be like no like I don't have the energy to go to the gym I don't want to go for a walk I'm just gonna I'm just gonna wanna obsessively talk about my dog I can't go to work because I'm gonna be able to concentrate I'll just be crying and blubbering like a mess you know anything else that you could have suggested I wouldn't have felt like doing any of the other activities you know if you said to me let's go out for lunch no I'm not hungry I don't have an appetite I'm scared my dog's gonna die going to those garden centers was the best thing I could have done and I realized looking back on that experience it's because a I wasn't alone I was with my mum I was with a loved one I was with someone I deeply cared about and who loves me and I think having that social connection having that element is is really beneficial if you are engaging in retail therapy alone in your room all alone locked up you know in the dark or just in your house alone on a really regular basis it can probably enter into an unhealthy territory so I think having someone with you especially someone you know like my mum who who doesn't doesn't have a shopping addiction she doesn't have any problems with shopping she doesn't overspend she's really sensible with her money and she doesn't indulge in frivolous purchases like that so her idea is to go to Bunnings to find something that I actually needed and was actually needed in my home was the best way to go I also think that it greatly greatly helped that I was out moving you know walking around I was outside like I said these garden centers were Outdoors so I did get to kind of be outside and be with someone I love and have that that element of human connection whilst also moving my body so those three factors really helped I do think that if you're engaging in retail therapy like I have in the past on a really regular basis you know the in the age that we are in now we're not doing that with loved ones so much you know like it's very it's it's not so much of a thing anymore it was really big in the 90s and probably the early 2000s where you know you go to the mall with your friends and it would be a real nice social occasion whereas now so much shopping is done from your home alone inside not moving around not having that social connection but instead you're you're having a parasocial relationship with an influencer it's completely different and I think they're very different forms of shopping and and I do think one's a little bit healthier than the other if I didn't go to Bunnings that day with my mom and and was outdoors in the Sun if I just came home and sat in my house alone I can guarantee you I would have bought probably 10 times what I actually did end up buying but it would have just also been such frivolous ridiculous crazy things I didn't even need it would it wouldn't have ended well I also think the other reason it felt beneficial to me was I was using retail therapy for you know the circumstance in which my dog was was having surgery and what I realized about that particular situation that was different to all the other times I engaged in retail therapy and this is now something that I will ask myself in the future and I really encourage you to ask it is I think personally if you are going through a situation or a circumstance that you have no power to change it or you're you know in a situation you know like my dog with a surgery I felt helpless at the time there was nothing I could do I was powerless in the situation I had to just fully let go and just accept that all I could do was wait and hope that he was going to make it out of that surgery okay and I realized what was different about that time that I used retail therapy and why that was better and felt more beneficial and actually and actually more effective than all the other times I've used retail therapy most of the times I've used retail therapy was I think if you are using retail therapy to soothe you and to make you feel better about situations in your life that you actually can change and that you actually have power over I do think that is where it can get really messy and really tricky and really toxic I think if you are engaging in retail therapy because you hate your job but you're not taking the time to look for another one or explore other possibilities if you're engaging in retail therapy because you're sad and single and alone and and you you're feeling that void yet you're not trying to engage in dates or you're not trying to get put yourself out there and look for love I think if you are engaging in retail therapy but you know you're sad because you're alone and you don't feel like you have concrete friendships that that are building blocks of your life that you're not out there trying to make an effort engage in different hobbies and and try to nourish existing friendships I mean I'm not at all judging like do me wrong all those situations I just told you I have engaged in retail therapy for but it wasn't the answer so I do think if you're engaging in retail therapy on a regular basis for situations and circumstances that you have control in changing and you have power to change that can get really toxic however I do think engaging in small but effective bouts of retail therapy when you are going through situations like maybe you know you have a few hours to kill because your dog or your loved one is in surgery or something really scary and sad is happening and you don't have any control over that and the only thing you can do is pray and hope that things are okay I think engaging in retail therapy for short amounts of time around situations like that and actually kind of shopping a bit more sensibly hopefully with a loved one hopefully with someone with a bit more of a level head who can kind of help you and guide you to buy purchases that you actually love and will actually use and will still make you feel a bit more relaxed and kind of take your mind off or what's going on other way to kind of go about it I also want to throw out there that maybe some other parameters that you could use is you could maybe set aside and allocate a certain amount of money a month and allocate a certain day of the month that you will go out and you will engage in retail therapy but you kind of do it with a little bit more control because you have those funds set aside I did want to mention that as an example but I do feel need to say just for me on a personal level again like you guys remember my past okay with my past and with my Tendencies to I just feel like that's too risky for me I I don't see that working I don't see myself being able to engage in that in a healthy way I think if I put if I put money aside and if I if I allocate a day on a monthly basis it's going to it's going to almost encourage me to shop and engage in retail therapy more regularly whereas if I just try to kind of get a handle on things and engage in other activities I may not even need retail therapy on a monthly basis but if I set a time I will end up doing it sure I mean so for me I think it's just a bit too risky but if you haven't been as impulsively obsessed with shopping like I have like you guys remember past okay if you haven't been as deep into that hole as I have maybe that will work for you but I think it's very individual and I think it's a very personal thing and I would really love to hear your experience please share with me what you what you think of the things I mentioned today and if any of these kind of strategies or techniques work for you I'm going to have another one link to you right here if you haven't had enough of me just yet feel free to remember there thank you so much for joining me in today's video and I will see you in my next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @1mortalsin [8 likes]: I worked in a drugstore for several years. Almost thirteen xd and now I am the worst kind of customer. I have seen so many shopping addicts and so many examples of over-consumption that I have learned my lesson. I like to buy things and I like to use them, but over the years I've become a minimalist when I've seen that people want more and more, but they can't even consume that much product (100 lipsticks or 250 pairs of shoes). So now I need a big reaserch, a few months of thinking "do I need this?" and a lot of time spent in the store looking at the things I want to buy, because I like my hard-earned money. I don't want to regret the money spent. 
My last expensive purchase was Chanel nail polish. It took me two months and three visits to Sephora to make a decision. But now I only have one dark polish, so I wanted to buy something perfect for me. 
It's also because I like my home space. I don't want to clutter it with random things that don't bring me joy, just an empty account.
  2. @nathalielaporte8195 [1 likes]: I had no idea that people thought that “retail therapy” was not ironic.   Shopping is not therapy and the concept of “retail therapy” was meant to describe an addiction not a positive activity.
  3. @iguessitslydia [1 likes]: I'm realising that impulsive shopping for me is also coming out of 
- loneliness (I'm single, and generally dont mind it, but my friendships now that I'm 29 are not that emotionally close anymore as in my early 20s, because most of my friends are in relationships and have someone to be emotionally really close to and I think dont feel the need to have that in friendships as much as I might have it),
- boredom & habit (watching netflix/YouTube with my phone in my hand)
- a wish for change ("when I have this then I will look good and feel more comfortable").

It's also crazy how sometimes I KNOW that I should press the "buy now" button, because I'm overspending by doing so, but I do it anyways?
I'm still trting to get rid of my way of thinking that I adapted from social media, but really..It's quite a bit of work..
  4. @SanditthikoAkaliko: oniomania
  5. @cnyanide: <3
  6. @DL-idk: I find retail therapy to be only effective when I got a GREAT deal on something I actually need and use. That joy did last. But if I spent a lot on something I end up not using, it’s just even more depressing.
  7. @user-wc6bl4zs4i: Wow it’s so crazy that you mentioned your dog. I was just thinking to myself about that. I’ll explain. A couple weeks ago my dog passed away. It was a traumatic event for me given the nature of his passing. It was gruesome and violent and I was a witness to it all. He was my baby boy. I’m still devastated. Anyways, two days before his passing I went on a no-buy. If I hadn’t made that decision I know I would’ve spiralled. Using shopping as a distraction from the pain of losing him and knowing he was scared and in pain during his passing. I would’ve used shopping to try to numb these feelings. Luckily I didn’t spiral with my shopping but I am traumatized from that day and I think I always will be. Anyways… just wanted to say that it’s crazy how you mentioned your dog because when I began the video I immediately thought of him
  8. @jessieb7290: Plus in the 80’s and 90’s we didn’t have influencers letting us know what was new in shops. 
I remember watching a buying documentary years ago, this man in his 50’s was filling his house up with stuff from shopping online, he got a thrill when the boxes came and then a while later that feeling left and he said it was like “Christmas”. But he was almost becoming a hoarder in a way, cause after the feeling left he’d buy more stuff.
  9. @CocoB22: So many comments- retail thereof is like food therapy- it doesn’t make sense.  We do need to buy things.  End of story.  

As time moves forward things change.  Some change for the worse and thank God some better.    Shopping online is a Godsend and also a curse.  But overall it is a good thing.  

At the end of the day it is buyer beware.  Every purchase needs to be thoughtful- and for those who are indulging we know that.  We need to stop.  Me too sometimes.  But being able to search around the world for an item I want/need at my leisure is priceless. 

What I find more concerning is the constant decluttering- instead of throwing everything away try using or wearing the items purchased.
  10. @KateMorganStyle: Self care at Sephora to replace the habit can get ridiculously expensive and over the top too, it’s definitely stocks and bonds on real estate
  11. @Mirage238: So true❤
  12. @allisonkaser-tivanian8818: Where did you get these adorable tank tops!??
  13. @Hilary945: I don't find it therapeutic to spend money that I don't have.
  14. @cafsixtieslover: I have never understood all this influencer stuff but I never go on social media.   I make my own decisions about what I buy and when.  I also get the majority of my clothes through thrifting - jumble sales, car boot sales, charity shops and online auctions.  It never fails to amaze me what people donate or sell, high fashion and brand new.  I have formal cruisewear that cost me £1.00. When I go to the shops unless I really need something I wait until the end of the sales.  I was trained at my dad's knee, as a child I used to accompany him to Jermyn Street in London at sale time where he picked up top quality clothes for practically nothing because he was short and portly so they were the clothes that got left to the sales.
  15. @RealwithGod510: the same way men and women have access to too many/much of each other through the phone...its too much and damaging relationships etc. Highly agreed
  16. @gardenmama1393: Ok so l just want to tell everyone thank you so much, year's ago when I was raising my kids l could not afford to shop. If there is any silver lining here it is that l could go to the thift store down the hill from the seven million dollar homes and buy designer everything for about 8.00 each (not now). Your fabulous shopping habit gave me enough happiness to keep going.
  17. @Victoria-A-Indy: Klarna, Affirm, Uplift have enabled the ability to make quick impulse decisions that one pays for month over month.
  18. @turtleanton6539: Indeed. Great video 😊
  19. @chrsitineadriaenssen6074: When You are sick, little left. Friends are toxic, «  decluttered » most oft them. I live in an awful place, so my appartment must be a cosy place.
  20. @chrsitineadriaenssen6074: I always hat debts, love nice items.

- Dangers of Aesthetic Self-Care: Why does retail therapy make you feel better?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you whoever said money can't buy happiness simply didn't know where to go shopping I only came for one thing but now my shopping cart is full shopping is my cardio shopping is my sport shopping is my therapy all Expressions so tongue-in-cheek that we hear and see so often but retail therapy is a very real experience it is a consumer Behavior characterized by the act of making purchases with a purpose to make themselves feel better emotionally or simply to enjoy themselves to have fun that's the question what is the difference between someone who simply enjoy shopping and taking care of themselves versus someone a Shopaholic Tendencies that's commodifying their self-worth in the name of self-care hi loves how are we doing today I hope you're all good and having a wonderful day if you're new welcome my name is Michelle and this is the Chic week where we discuss Fashion on a deeper level through the use of art that are in social sciences so you may bring them together in order to develop a true personal style inside and out that Embraces you as unique individual and view fashion past Educational Services taking it because there's so much more than meets the eye if this sounds good to you please subscribe or if you're returning here thank you so much for joining me here again today for discussion all about the dangers of set-asized self-care now do not get me wrong I'm definitely one to veg out with a face mask watching a movie at night to unwind or splurge on a cute set that I know will get me to my workout class in the morning it will motivate me but where do we cross this fine line of commodifying our self-image and measuring our self-worth in relation to Aesthetics defined by others and how does this impact our mental well-being and the way that we treat our minds and bodies also why is this important to know if we take a look back in time as history is bound to repeat itself if we do not learn from it to that's too early 2000s you could not walk into a shop without seeing a magazine talking about celebrity weight loss you cannot turn on the television without seeing an ad for a cereal to replace a meal and so many people would you know do these things they would replace their dessert with a yogurt they would buy aspirational sizing of their clothes in the name of Health linked to an aesthetic it would take years or even maybe the rest of their life to undo the damage of this period today I want to talk about asceticized self-care and the dangers of doing this and how to do it in a healthy way so that you can preserve your self-worth your self-image and esteem when someone of shopaholic Tendencies goes on a spree no matter how big or small it has the potential to stimulate neurotransmitters particularly dopamine and endorphins which may contribute to an improvement of one's emotional statements shopping is pleasurable but after the rush people may experience in shame sadness or even guilt especially when purchasing in the name of self-care which is meant to improve one's life an Aesthetics linked to one's self-concept as style is not any single piece or a product you buy you have to create it for yourself and in the end you are just left with things that is when they needed the rush again to boost the mood and the Habit Cycles this was how the trend cycle works as well as how Aesthetics function within Society especially in 2023 between social media and advertisements or film and television and you have all the makings of Crossing that fine line into dangerous territory now with this said the products Concepts and Aesthetics are not the issue themselves what is the issue both retail therapy and or compulsive shopping which is so easy to do especially online this may lead to further crisis of identity heighten the dangers of Automania and combination of loss or discontent from one's identity a style is an outward expression of identity derived from one's belief morals values and so on it has the power to lower self-esteem to bring out insecurities think about it so many cosmetic products that exist for example I'll speak on my own features because I don't want to speak on anyone else's I have very deep eye bags and growing up I never view this as an issue I actually thought they were quite pretty and then I learned in societal expectations and standards eye bags are considered ugly and this is something I can fix with concealer and it's in my hands to decide do I want to use this concealer or do I want to let myself be natural do I want to go something else what do I do about this and how do I actually feel about this flaw that I for some people this may be a huge insecurity and self-care can be a way to let themselves Empower themselves when you practice self-care you form a better bond with yourself a more positive one that leaves you feeling good and when you do this with Aesthetics it's so powerful and transformative because fashion is an art and it can almost serve as a form of art therapy near Aesthetics a branch of experimental science integrates psychological research of Aesthetics to explore the perception creation and reaction to art as well as interactions of objects and or scenes that elicit profound Sensations often associated with pleasure beauty is pleasure the act of engaging or fashion Beyond mere adornment has discernible influence on one's cognitive and emotional state this is very similar to other forms of artistic Expressions such as movies music paintings fashion and so on they have the capacity to evoke emotions of Hope comfort and security it's why we are drawn to certain Aesthetics I previously covered this topic more in depth in a video all on the semiotics of fashion in the actual processes that happen in the brain and how we take action on this the influence of practicing self-care aesthetically extends beyond the physical stage percussion is not only seen But felt including the mental and emotional Dimensions as well clothing has the potential to serve as a source of inspiration functioning as a form of visual therapy that contributes to the establishment of purpose individuality and attention for example outside of self-care we think of a businessman we can picture someone in a suit we think of a doctor we think of Scrubs we can do the same exact thing with our own clothing and it's completely natural and normal as a person to evolve to experiment with your style and try out new things to look into your closet and be like oh this is not so me anymore I do not wish to wear this but someone who has this shopaholic tendency a tendency to engage in retail therapy always values novelty it does not matter how much they have they will always be on the hunt for the next big thing although there has been a recent uptick in consumer culture it's crucial to remember that shopping addiction has been here for a long time this phenomenon has first been identified the early 19th century and by the early 20th century it has been designated as a psychiatric disorder by the name of Animania which in origin means Sal and Mania means Madness in Greek according to a research published in 2014 in the Journal of consumer psychology the act of engaging in retail therapy has been shown to provide in mediates and long-term psychological benefits engaging in the act of shopping May instill within individuals a feeling of empowerment and autonomy as it affords them the opportunity to exercise their agency through choosing and buying various goods or services therefore producing tangible outcomes that mirrors a coveted self-concept the concept promise or beliefs around the items evoke a sensation of gratification but when the buyer is not purchasing from a place of substance the South becomes an empty promise leading to further negative emotions and the need to once again shop again the purchase creates Euphoria akin to the thrill a high-stakes Gambler experiences when placing a daring wager Dr B explains in her study how dopamine is released prior to even actually buying the item stating quotes something the dopamine is released when you actually get a reward or purchasing an item but it begins before you make a purchase as you're delighting in all the possibilities he says it's about the journey so why do people become hooked on shopping to the point of addiction there are so many factors that come into play with this and of course every experience is individual however there are some prevalent shared experiences that may be seen across the board such as diminished self-esteem status desires I need to regain control perfectionism escapism and a tendency for pathological hoarding so traits people hold that make them more susceptible to this it creates a heightened experience these traits are being kind sympathetic and polite to others these people who have these traits tend to be a bit more isolated and feel lonely even in a group of people because they tend to be very accommodating and put others before themselves and as we know fashion is a means of visual communication so when you are wearing something you are not just expressing yourself you are saying something about who you are and where you belong in the world fashion can be a visual alignment and when you buy into an aesthetic you're essentially purchasing a spot Aging in the shopping activities provides individuals the avenue to actively pursue social interactions but frequently the act of making a purchase not search just as a means of placing a mental Band-Aid on a wound but also symbolic significance in relation to an individual's desired image perhaps this is to be prettier more successful athletic or popular and I shop therefore I am Benson details studies that conclude obsessive Shoppers have an innate psychological need to constantly add new items to their collections for these customers the focus is not on the amount of money used but rather the emotional experience derived from their purchases now let's do an example this girl named Sasha she is 23 she's going to grad school and lives with her roommates she is someone who gets a bit anxious around exams she has a tendency to catastrophize even though everything is going well and often feels very overwhelmed by her schedule even though it's very attainable for her and she's able to manage it she really enjoys unwinding by going on social media and spending time with friends one day she is out at a cafe doing some homework with her friends and she orders this matcha latte and now this is where the unhealthy fine line begins to appear as Extreme as it sounds this matcha latte becomes so symbolic it triggers something in her mind and reminds her of that girl the Pilates princess aesthetic again she gets to talking with her friend about how she wants to be healthier or more put together how she sees these girls that always look so nice with their hair done their makeup done they look sets they make good grades and that's exactly how she wants to be her and her friends side yes let's go on this health journey together we already studied together this will be really great we can hold each other accountable and she goes home and decides to go on a little shopping spree she begins adding a bodysuits the cute little shrugs developing a whole new skincare routine the yeti cup the plush pullover the lagging Journal leg warmers silk pajama sets skincare headbands uh adding the self-care books to her cart watching these Vogue Beauty secret videos waking up earlier and meditating all great things and personally I think it's quite lovely to see Trends and Aesthetics that promotes wellness and taking care of yourself but as I said before there is this fine line to walk about what is healthy for you and what is healthy for other people let's take this Pilates princess that girl aesthetic and analyze it of it conceptually it's very positive someone athletic dedicated disciplined smart and pretty she engages in self-care activities regularly she reads she attends Pilates classes and eats well which are all positive actions to engage in but looking the part doesn't necessarily bring this to reality in fact someone who does not have this look at all could have this be their entire reality it's simply their lifestyle and this is where it starts to get a bit complicated because you can look any sort of way and do any sort of thing but when you begin to aestheticize it and put constraints around how you look what you have what you do you begin to take part of it in a fantasy and almost disconnect from your reality you'll begin to be hindered posed by the ascetics when it is applied this way because imposes constraints on these characteristics and presents them in a more favorable light than their true nature think about how photos are retouched in an ad maybe through monetary value beauty standard and so on you take part in this get back to our example Sasha and finish up with it as she experiences the burst of excitement and then it passes she's then filled with Dread thinking why did I order so many of these I don't even use this why do I have that maybe she returns it or maybe she just lets it sit and pile up in her closet she finds herself not actually using these items and she just wants to wear a hoodie and jeans to class because that is what's most comfortable for her until the next new trend rolls around and suddenly she is so captivated by it because it's new it's that novelty that the shopaholic tendency needs to feed off of to thrive and it creates that endless cycle which combined the trend cycle can be very dangerous for someone emotionally physically and financially now this isn't to say at all do not enjoy Trends or take part in Aesthetics that you can't refresh your wardrobe and this is not the issue at all it's that when you have this shopaholic retail therapy practice this what you are buying over these promises this will make me feel happy this will make me look good and when you buy something with this image in mind and when you put it on doesn't align with that image that's when that empty feeling comes flooding in those negative emotions and that cycle turns endlessly we see this so much a lot in makeover practices where you do this entire makeover and in the end you're not as happy because it doesn't create the image you were coveting because it's a promise you need to make this promise to yourself and live in a way if that's how you want to be if you want to be healthier to take those actions to be healthier if you want to have better hair to care for your hair better not to just buy a product and put all this pressure on a concept that isn't really formed in reality consumer culture Builds on what it sees as or deemed quote-unquote Flaws by propagating the notion that individuals may attain a greater sense of self-sufficiency by the means of things as opposed to a healthy relationship with buying when goods are bought to fulfill a need without feeling compelled to do so there is no monetary stress with the occasional Splurge here and there typically on a psychological level when the buyer Behavior Falls five steps which involves recognizing a problem doing research weighing the pros and cons of different options making a choice to buy and reviewing the purchase afterward you are engaging in healthy buying habits and this doesn't mean if you don't follow all five steps you are being unhealthy this is just a framework for a healthy purchase process in terms of psychology the experience of a Shopaholic that can be broken down into four stages that cycle the first stage is expectation and this begins when the desire arises such as when the Shopper sees an advertisement or someone using the product on social media the second is preparation which occurs when the Shopper makes decisions about where to go and what again the third is the actual shopping experience which occurs when the Shopper feels brief comfort and a sense of fulfillment while in the store in person or online and before spending which occurs when the Shopper experiences the buying Behavior which then in turn leads to dissatisfaction of the purchase and the cycle begins again Telltale symptoms of a Shopaholic include constantly being preoccupied with new products Trends and future purchases regularly buying things as a treat or to lift their Spirits experiencing a surge of Happiness after making a purchase possessing feelings of remorse or sorrow about purchases The Shopper has started to conceal their purchases from friends family or acquaintances an unhealthy fixation on shopping such as living vicariously through shopping networks one of the most challenging aspects of Armenia is that treatment for this is very similar to eating disorders you can't cut out the action entirely you need to purchase gas to go to school or work you need to shop for groceries so you can eat throughout the week you need to well you don't need to but you may have a streaming service for entertainment so treatment options including behavioral therapy Psychotherapy self-help books support groups and financial counseling I understand that not everyone can afford or has the time for treatment but Dr B discusses how if you are developing a compulsive shopping Behavior or engaging in retail therapy you can try to channel this excitement into new behaviors and you will still experience a new type of Happiness through those positive results such as maybe learning a new language and then when you have conversation you feel a new sense of fulfillment or learning an instrument and when you can complete the song you again have this surge of happiness you wish to play it over and over again it's a bit like transforming your baggage into a toolbox for you to carry obviously this is a YouTube video It's Not Meant to take the place of actual treatment if you are having this sort of experiences or emotions definitely seek out the help of a professional and confide in someone you trust what I do is styling and image Consulting so say I do have a client struggling with this and every single time they go shopping it's like this wave crashes over them what we're going to do is develop silent techniques coping mechanisms and wardrobe curating processes so that it builds the stem and they can choose to look out over that water and the safety of Professional Care now these are my suggestions if you find yourself asceticizing your self-care in terms of your looks but if you are someone who is just buying into Aesthetics and find yourself very frustrated my definite recommendation is wardrobe curation this is a great way to have only a collection of clothes beauty products or lifestyle items that truly align through you are your goals and coveted look a great way to approach this is do it prior to the season so when it's fall or winter you curate for spring and summer and vice versa instead of engaging in retail therapy behaviors I recommend bookmarking items using maybe a site such as Pinterest to see everything together and allow time to pass you will get the same thrill as window shopping and can even throw in some inspo photos you can pen multiple colors or alternative products to select the best fit over time when you're bookmarking or pinning on Pinterest really examine why you want this because it's completely normal to have a desire to like something but when you have this need for it you want to look within and question where is this coming from why am I feeling this way what is so important about this what is it representing to me what do I actually want what is going to bring me more fulfillment to follow up with our hypothetical of Sasha implying these sorts of techniques say she gets a journal in the name of that girl Pilates princess aesthetic and it's actually so beneficial for her because she is overwhelmed by her coursework it's something that helps her regulate herself and she does an aesthetic way that really elevates her mood and maybe she ends up buying boots instead of once with both she actually likes the ones without them through the course of time that initial High of a new item a new purchase the possibilities and promise of a different tomorrow passes because it is tomorrow and you are left within your reality your individuality your beauty your true interests and what you really want and those things can help you create that for yourself that can help you get there but it shouldn't be the means of how you do through this you will have a style that's truly yours it will meet your wants and your news you will not be phased by Aesthetics rather the Aesthetics will supplement your lifestyle and in the end you'll truly be caring for yourself in a healthy way you won't damage the relationship you have to your mind and body and said you will truly be embracing it for a more healthy relationship to your self-image enjoyed this video if you did please subscribe like turn on notifications and comment thank you so much for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @sherynemmanuel [18 likes]: I've watched a lot of video essays about the dangers of aesthetic trends on YT but yours is the best. It feels like I'm attending your psychology class. I wish I could like your video a million times. Thanks! ❤
  2. @makeup_ariella [13 likes]: This is my favourite video of yours <3 would love to see more like this
  3. @ellebassa9288 [8 likes]: I'm always a person who will see something like it ,add it to my cart and then wait a few days or a week or two to make sure that I still want the product(s)
  4. @JazDickinson1 [7 likes]: Being an  it girl today is more expensive... I like to purchase things but just what I really need
  5. @williamkazak469 [5 likes]: Great video. I especially like the summary. At 22:20. Very well done.
  6. @awsblacknight6956 [4 likes]: Wow I really like the editing work on your videos! I think you should consider getting a small lapel mic to avoid echos though 👍
  7. @louisecorscadden7756 [4 likes]: I love this video on a fashion channel. It provides a great balance, and I see so much more of your insight ❤
  8. @user-js8dp9iy9s [3 likes]: omfg your vocal fry is unbearable
  9. @LeahWalentosky [2 likes]: It's always best to introduce one habit at a time
  10. @AllyElla1 [2 likes]: Needed this
  11. @derenguzeltekce3040 [1 likes]: sister ate this 👏👏 such a good video
  12. @asl6299 [1 likes]: can you make a video about alexa demie‘s style? (her own not maddy‘s) ❤
  13. @justbreathe_ [1 likes]: I buy things all day, every day and have for years. Some people are just spenders. I don’t feel upset when I don’t spend money though.
  14. @ellebassa9288 [1 likes]: Love this
  15. @babych3rie: you are the best this is so interesting
  16. @reydjz: Great video topic
  17. @widowgirl1254: Great video analysis
  18. @emmasamantha3985: More visuals would have been better
  19. @niai5405: I really like your video 
Got the chance to your youtube channel through Pomodoro videos, and to be honest, it's my first time to study for 2 hours after a long time 😢
I see myself in Sasha except not for clothing but for skincare products. Getting so much high expectation when buying things and hoping to get a way escape from reality, exams, ects,... really stressed me out
So thank you for pointing that out. You says what I want to express even thou I didn't know how to name the emotion yet 
Thanks a bunch
P/s: I'm not a native speaker so it would be a great help if futured video can get subtitle ❤ that would be amazing
  20. @cl.j.a.a.9492: 👏

- The Benefits of Retail Therapy, Scott Rick, University of Michigan: Kind: captions Language: en all right our very last speaker of the conference is Scott RI coming from us to the univers from the University of Michigan uh Scott received his PhD in behavioral decision Sciences from uh Carnegie melon and studies Financial decision- making the role of emotions in decision-making and and a few other aspects of decision-making as well without further Ado Scott thank you um so today I'm going to be discussing uh the way people deal with sadness uh specifically and negative affect in general and I think this is important because there's lots of things that make us sad this is kind of a downer in the conference sorry about that but there are lots of things there's the obvious things uh and then there's the more recent things that people talk about apparently the holidays make us sad uh Facebook it does a lot of nice things but it also kind of makes us sad and of course there's uh satis we've seen some of this here the British Airways and Google although th those are more poignant than kind of pure sad but there's lots of things making us sad we can think about how do people deal with it um there's a lot of uh not very productive ways people deal with it they ruminate they overeat they over drink and there's some work suggesting that they they spend more so gen learner and colleagues have work suggesting that when people are sad they their willingness to pay increases this tendency uh is known as uh retail therapy and you know the question that we had was well does it work um and if you kind of look around as as to how it's perceived it doesn't seem to be excuse me uh perceived very nicely articles like this are not hard to find when we ask people kind of what's the first thing that come to mind when you hear retail therapy people are about twice as likely to give us something bad as something good so it seems like this probably is a bad idea it doesn't work um but despite uh you know this construct you would think it'd be a lot of big interest to Consumer and marketing researchers there there's actually been not a lot of work on it and the little work that there has been has been somewhat limited so um there have been selection biases for example going to malls and asking people who chose to shop when feeling sad if it helped these are very particular kinds of people maybe they would have healed more quickly anyway we just don't know there's no random assignment there there's also been some uh imprecision and measurement so a lot of Reliance on the memories of the effects of shopping questions like uh did you feel better no different or worse after making your most recent impulse purchase you have to figure out what your most recent impulse purchase was whatever impulse purchase means and then figure out what after means like immediately after or like right now so um in our work we're going to try to provide a more definitive answer to the question can it work can it help to alleviate sadness and again we focus on sadness because the prior work suggest that that is what gets you um increases your willingness to pay we want to know does it work is it actually effective and I should say that we're kind of referring to here and there retail therapy an occasional episode of retail therapy we're not talking about kind of intensive 24 hours a day at the mall retail therapy all you know intuition suggests that that's probably a bad idea our work just doesn't speak to it one way or the other we kind of are more the on occasion variety so we can think about why shopping might help to alleviate sadness in the first place to answer this question we have to think about how do we view emotions and there's different ways to view emotions and and we take a common approach which is the so-called appraisal tendency framework and the idea here is that the way people cognitively appraise their environment is both a uh result of emotion and it also Causes That Emotion to persist so it's kind of a a negative cycle and and so some common appraisals um is my environment Pleasant or unpleasant are the things around me predictable or unpredictable and then there's a control appraisal are the outcomes that are happening around me controlled by me uh other people or just kind of ambient EX external forces non-human external forces and this last one is interesting because sadness more than any emotion causes people to view outcomes as governed by uncontrollable outside external non-human forces and critically these appraisals maintain the experience of sadness once you start viewing the world this way that helps to maintain the experience of sadness so it's this it's this kind of nasty cycle and so our thinking is that if we can uh counteract the cognitive appraisal we can help to extinguish the emotion that produced it and so aspects of shopping that restore personal control over the environment we think that might actually help to alleviate sadness and so how how might shopping restore control well we think choices that are inherent to shopping might help and shopping is full of choices uh where to shop what to buy um when to go home just lots of choices and in other context choices appear to enhance one's sense of personal control at least over one's uh outside environment so we think that choice might be a nice vehicle for control and help to alleviate sadness that way now certainly there are other ways that there might be pleasant distraction you might get to talk to people you might buy something that you actually like and consume it those all can happen but they don't have to um we think that shopping though always involves Choice it might involve social interaction it might involve consumption but it's always involving choice so that's why our experiments attempt to isolate the role of choice and control and hold some of these other factors Comm Conant so in an initial experiment we asked um does choosing help to alleviate sadness above and beyond the benefits of just browsing um so I'll show you what that means I'll walk you through the procedure here um so what we do is we begin with a baseline measure of the emotions that you're experiencing right now uh and we do this because people really differ in their affect intensity they differ in their willingness to disclose what kind of emotions they're feeling and and we thought there might be enough variation to matter even with the random assignment that we'll actually use so we take this Baseline measure they drag these sliders on a scale ranging from not at all to very much and they just rest it and we record that on a zero to 100 scale we don't show them their number because we're going to ask again later we don't want them to anchor on a particular number um and just a quick note on the measurement of emotion you might be asking 2014 are we really still measuring emotion with self-report um and it's important to note that emotions manifest themselves in a number of ways so there's subjective experience there's physiological responses like skin conductance um there's facial reactions and those are often correlated but they can be dissociates so somebody might look sad but actually be feeling happy or vice versa and really still the gold standard for the subjective experience is just the self-report so we use kind of the standard self-report measure okay so we're interested in how people recover from sadness and some people do walk in actually pretty sad but some people are are pretty happy when they come in so we actually have to make everybody sad um and it turns out there's a very standard way to do that which is a film flip from the champ anyone ever see the champ in 1979 movie uh very tragic and horrible um so it's this kid Ricky Schroeder um his dad's a single dad used to be a boxer comes back uh to box wins the fight and then dies afterwards and he's uh kind of watching this happen it's terrible um and in fact people speculate this might actually be the saddest movie in the world and they might be right um I used to have a little clip of it I wouldn't I I I've stopped doing that it's just awful but uh it works it it does work uh and so then we randomly assign participants to become either choosers or browsers so we make them sad and then we randomly assign them to different kinds of shopping one of which we think provides more control so they are both presented with 12 products this is all on a screen by the way this is all online uh choosers choose four that you would hypothetically be willing to buy and we warned them you're not actually getting this stuff so they they really had no expectation of leaving with stuff browsers indicate which four would be most useful when traveling and the trick here was that only some were appropriate for travel so they kind of had less freedom to choose um so here's the here's the choosing task they had 12 products and they would click on four and drag them over into your shopping cart the four that they would most like to buy so we have things like headphones that might be good for travel maybe some things that aren't so good for travel like a wine decanter uh and then the browsers had the same screen where they would click on and drag over four that they thought would be good for travel so there's some key features of these tasks it takes about the same amount of time so similar engagement exposure to products is held constant and nobody gets anything uh but the tasks presumably differ in their ability to restore a sense of personal control over one's environment and I think this illustrates itself in two ways one is kind of the variance and choice between choosers and browsers so this is the the percent of participants selecting each product by condition and you can see that there are four that were kind of really popular among browsers the headphones the gel mous mask the slippers and the kind of flexible travel keyboard um nobody thought it would be a good good idea to travel with a wine decanter or a marble cheeseboard but some people chose that um they would buy that and so there's actually significantly greater variance among the choosers we think that's reflecting their greater autonomy that they have during this cha task and also we pre-tested these of course and we had people complete both in one of two orders and say where did you feel more control and most people say they felt more control uh when they were choosing rather than and then we conclude the experiment again asking people how do you feel right now tell us how sad how depressed how angry how happy um we measured their final emotions as well um so what this graph is showing you is basically the increase in sadness final minus Baseline how much more sad were people when they left than when they came in and you can see on average these numbers are all above zero because they had to endure Ricky schroer and that awful clip but the critical thing for us is that the increase was significantly smaller among choosers something about that choosing task exercising more control help them heal up from that sadness more quickly so in experiment two we try to to demonstrate this relationship in a different way this between personal control restoration and sadness and we see if it extends to other negative emotions particularly anger and so anger uh we thought was a nice foil because it's um it's about as negative about as aversive as sadness typically but it differs in this control appraisal now it is also Al known as a low control emotion just like sadness but it's a different kind of low control so sadness is associated with the sense that non-human external forces are kind of in control hurricanes disease um things like that anger is typically associated with other people are in control the boss was me to be somebody cut me off other people are unduly influential that tends to be the anger appraisal and we start to see the world through that lens and so we thought what shopping does restoring personal control over one's environment we not kind of put out the anger fire it wouldn't help you think that um wouldn't solve this problem that other people are unduly infu influential so we thought that anger might create a problem that shopping is not really well equipped to solve but we thought sadness was more amenable to that so we we look at both in the following experiment so I'll walk you through the procedure here so again we begin with a baseline measure of current emotions these were students uh 141 students in a lab this was actually in person it had to be for reasons you'll see uh and then we randomly assign them to experience anger or sadness and just like there's a sadness video there are also anger videos um that exist so you either watch The Champ or you watch a clip from a movie called Cry Freedom uh which is basically kind of unarmed kind of young uh pre-teen or teenage protesters getting gunned down at random by opposition forces it's not fun it makes people angry uh pretty reliably next we had everybody make uh a shopping decision uh we gave them five labar kind of Monopoly money and we had them buy kind of one of three they could buy one of three office supplies Post-it notes pens or highlighters or they could choose not to buy and give us their Monopoly money we'd give them $1 back we we didn't give them $5 back because they didn't come in looking to buy Post-it notes if we gave them a five for five conversion everybody would just take the money so we wanted people to actually make it somewhat difficult have them think about this and about 75% of people chose to buy and interestingly this did not differ between s and anger um they were both pretty likely to buy the critical thing for us was we wanted to manipulate control somehow and so we embedded a control manipulation within the shopping task and we told people that after your choice the computer's going to draw a random number 1 to 10 if it's even you'll just get your choice and go home if it's odd we're basically going to throw your choice in the trash can and select one of these on your behalf randomly um but in fact the the trick was that the computer would always just choose whatever you chose for yourself you didn't know that so you would always get what you chose but there was a different route to getting that so as an example you choose the pen set we'll draw a random number oh good news it's even you'll get your pin set oh it's odd okay we're just going to ignore your choice we're going to draw something at random oh you happen to get the pin set everybody gets what they get but we uh manipulate kind of how much control they feel over the process and again so they do that and then we measure their emotions again and then we give them whatever they're Choice was either the good or the money and so uh so high external control here that's basically the odd number where you have to go through two of these random number draws low external control that's where you just pull the even number and we're looking here at how much sadness is left within the sadness conditions so kind of the focal emotion and again we see that sadness is sensitive to these differences in kind of my control over my environment the more control the environment has the more sad I am um and again we're interested in this distinction because this is in general what we think shopping does moves you from the the white bar to the gray bar uh but anger was not sensitive to this um it didn't matter whether what route they took to get their pen set they were just angry regardless there was no difference um so in experiment 3 we we we try a different way to look at this relationship uh perhaps a more direct uh examination of the relationship between personal control restoration sadness and anger um I'll walk through this more briefly because uh it's not as complicated so we measure emotions as before Baseline and final again we randomly assign people to view either a sadness inducing video or anger inducing video this time the anger video um so the Cry Freedom as you might have noticed was was pretty intense in terms of the anger it elicited this is a bit more mild uh so my bodyguard this is like a bunch of bullies kind of attack a kid and give him a hard time and put him in a trash can that kind of thing so it gets people kind of angry uh and then we randomly assigned people to recall an instance in which they had lower high control over an important situation so this is just a recall task we're just purely looking at the effects of control here um so the I should note that the prompts guided people to really think about external forces rather than interpersonal power dynamics because we weren't interested in power over of over other people so here's an example from the high external control prompt uh and we abbreviated this a bit so recall an incident in which you did not have any control a situation important to you note that this does not involve a lack of control or lack of power over other people just a lack of control over your environment so some people um uh did like health issues so some things that they could work to kind of recover from more quickly other people were like well I was just kind of stuck like this until the medication did its work um so we got a lot of similar context but looking at it through different lens so again sadness was uniquely sensitive to differences in personal control over external forces um so again the white bar here is the high external control gray is low external control we see a similar difference same direction uh among the sad participants anger here is a little less intense than the prior experiment but again it's not sensitive to this difference in personal control over the environment we just think it's not solving their problem which is the fact that other people seem to have undue influence so uh taking all this together we can come back to the main question can retail therapy be effective and we think that the central component of shopping Choice which we think delivers control helps to alleviate one negative emotion which is sadness so shopping choices seem to boost a sense of personal control which in turn helps to alleviate sadness it doesn't appear to extend to anger perhaps other kinds of shopping that we didn't look at would help with anger maybe shopping where you get control over other people like winning an eBay auction that could help that could help with anger um and so this raises the question um should retail therapy be more common than it is it seems um perhaps outrageous to suggest that people should spend their money um to to cure their emotions but again we showed that it does you can just do it hypothetically and there are websites where you can just hypothetically shop and you can't buy it's not even an option um so there is stigma surrounding retail therapy that might actually discourage it so sad people who might benefit from it uh might not do it because they fear being judged as foolish or judging themselves as foolish uh and it's possible that both cons consumers and retailers would benefit if there was a little less stigma around the if people uh kind of understood that there can be some limited benefits of retail therapy it could be a win-win um but of course this gets back to that calendar that I put up about intensive retail therapy if you keep doing this through every you know every ad that you see that makes you sad if you hop on Amazon that that's not necessarily a good idea um this you could build up debt and kind of jeopardize the control that you were trying to restore in the first place so it it has to be applied with caution uh but with that uh thank [Applause] you yeah does the dollar amount spend influences at all so does retail therapy work equally well in the dollar store versus in the high-end mall right so I it's a good question I mean our experience were closer to a dollar store the cost was either Z or five lab dollars um yeah I mean possibly at higher amounts you might uh get the so-called pain of pain that kicks in and helps to counteract this but uh I think it depends on what you can afford and if you can afford it if you still feel in control then it should help yeah I I may have missed this but but did you control in any way for whether people in your whether subjects in your experiments had an internal or external locus of control to start with no that that's that's a good uh point we did not look at kind of internal versus powerful others versus the environment that that could very well moderate this that's right that's right okay thanks we can talk uh well I'll talk to these people afterwards but thank you thank you

- Retail Therapy: Compensatory Consumption: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] retail therapy compensatory consumption I don't know what's wrong with me I went out to buy jeans and I came home with a Rubik's Cube The Economist this seant and a teach yourself SP Spanish DVD tell me more about the jeans no kiero look it's nothing I went out to buy jeans but when I tried them on in my size they were too small like I mean I couldn't even begin to get the Z little on your butt how consumers respond to and compensate for larger than expected clothing sizes requiring a larger size results in negative evaluations of clothing then I realized the jeans were fugly didn't like them anyway and reduces self-esteem and then I don't know it all happens so quickly participants faced with larger sizes were more likely to purchase items that would make them feel intelligent such as news magazines and language CDs mind you I have always wanted to learn the periodic table so give it to me straight doc a story Loco you know sometimes when an experience clashes with the way a person perceives themselves they might buy other things to make up for it it's called compensatory consumption wait are you saying I bought all this stuff to feel smarter because those stupid jeans made me feel bad about myself see but this is just one study and I did only buy it cuz I couldn't fit into this stupid dress stupid dress