- Luxury Fashion Is For Broke People: Kind: captions Language: en the rich don't dress like you think they do they aren't buying Gucci belts St laon bags or Versace robes the middle classes take a look at these three bags two are from Walmart and one is from Louis Vuitton can you tell which one is the luxury brand sure it's easy when the LV logo is plastered all over it but I lied one of those other bags isn't from Walmart it's actually a Birkin worth over $30,000 mainstream luxury fashion brands have trained us to believe that branding is everything when in reality most high-end products are really only status symbols for those that can't afford it real luxury hides in plain sight if youve seen the show succession you're probably aware of how one character's featuress $625 cashmir hat help popularize conversations regarding stealth well while famous movie stars are often pictured in the regular designer brands that you've heard of like Gucci and Balenciaga many times they're paid to advertise it the truly Rich that aren't constantly in the spotlight have an entirely different kind of wardrobe one based around minimalism quality and fit for example those plain gray t-shirts that Mark Zuckerberg wears they are $400 custom made from Brunello Cinelli yet to most people it looks like it could be from Target in fact when the truly Rich do wear traditional luxury Brands such as pra and Valentino they have access to exclusive designs that hide their branding when most people think of luxury items they're often reminded of brands that have strong advertising and a recognizable logo or design whether that be a Rolex watch a Lamborghini sports car or Gucci flipflops they're all easily identifiable as luxurious while billions of advertising dollars have been spent to ingrain that message into your mind often they aren't the Pinnacle of quality by any means they are simply highly regarded as a status symbol like many other animals on Earth we place value on status symbols as they can project value upon ourselves male peacocks use their colorful feathers to attract a mate Penguins collect Pebbles to prove their worth and US humans purchase douchy luxury goods it's all the same status symbols merely attempt to prove that their owner is valuable the reason we don't see the ultra rich like Jeff Bezos dripped out and Gucci is because we all know he's Rich he doesn't need to prove it however when you see your neighbor or coworker wearing a new designer outfit you immediately begin to wonder about how they are able to afford it turns out a lot of the time they can't why you wear huh why do you dress like that like like that what's you wearing you look poor in places with great income inequality those people with lower incomes live under significant social stress their lower position in the social hierarchy is more obvious and More consequential in response some people purchase the kinds of goods that create the impression that they have money to spare even when they don't researchers examined Google search Trends across the US and found that people in states with relatively High income inequality were more likely to search for luxury Brands than those in other states you can actually map this correlation and you can see searches for luxurious Brands like Ralph Lauren or items like fur vest have the same breakdown as did the map of income inequality despite what we think that common luxury items are only purchased by the rich it's actually the lower and middle class consumers that account for nearly half of the luxury goods Market globally people like to criticize those that overspend yet they don't realize why people do it in the first place for example overpriced Air Jordan sneakers are popular amongst young African-American men including those from poor neighborhoods despite the fact that purchasing them might cause more financial stress for many it's considered a necessity critics of spending above your means on luxury items often fail to recognize the underlying effect that these luxury goods can have for some their status in society is insecure many people who are low-income can't afford to appear like they are low income it's hard to attract a romantic partner if you look like a broke loser and good luck getting a good job if you show up at an interview looking like someone who's never had a good job before the most obvious proof that these luxury items act as a necessary status symbol for the middle class is the sheer number of counterfeits that exist from New York's Canal Street to China's Alley Express you'll find no shortage of logo riddled items their quality is usually subpar at vest yet its demand continues to grow the more extreme income inequality becomes the more pressure people feel to create the impression that they are succeeding when the co pandemic shut down nearly everything it caused many middleclass folks to lose their jobs and place significant financial strain on the entire world you'd think luxury spending would crash during a time of Global Financial uncertainty yet the exact opposite happened Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton lvmh for short is a French conglomerate that owns many Brands such as Tiffany and Dior oddly enough the last few years has been an incredible growth period for lbmh it's Mark cap at one point crossed over half a trillion dollars and Bernard Arno CEO of lvmh became the richest person alive with a net worth over $200 billion there's not a singular reason why this happened but experts point to a few key findings that help tell the story for one studies continue to prove that income inequality causes both the rich to consume more luxury goods as they can afford to but also that poor individuals similarily consume more as a means to present themselves successful governments across the world also gave out stimulus checks during this period and many people used it to buy luxury items perhaps it's because they didn't know what else to use it for but studies show it's indicative of a cultural shift regarding how we view luxury a study from Bane found that jenzy consumers are starting to buy luxury items some 3 to 5 years earlier than Millennials at 15 years old versus around 18 to 20 gone are the days where luxury items were exclusively for the rich now it's merely a savings goal for younger generations to eventually purchase these items by now pay later platforms like afterpay and luxury resale sites like the real real offer even more ways for those financially insecure to partake in this illusion people have babies with no money all the time and if you're so worried about it why don't you stop buying designer clothes huh I buy everything on eBay it doesn't count when you're wearing Marc Jacobs from Minneapolis as younger gener Generations increase their consumption of luxury goods these products lose their value as a means to Signal wealth even in the Simpsons what was supposed to be a cartoon about a lower middle class family has now done a collaboration with Balenciaga it's clear that mainstream luxury fashion brands had begun shifting away from targeting the rich and instead towards advertising to the middle class to rationalize their expensive price relative to Quality these luxury brands are careful to thread the needle between grow grow and scarcity many companies do limited production runs or even destroy their excess inventory to create scarcity luxury fashion items have some of the highest margins across all Industries and they keep it that way through projecting a false sense of exclusivity the idea that luxury has been diluted by the middle class has resurfaced many discussions regarding two so-called factions of well old money and new money old money would be someone like a member of the Walton family who famously founded Walmart and new money would be someone like your uncle who apparently made Millions buying Bitcoin being old money suggests a kind of generational familiarity to wealth that doesn't require someone to show it off compared to new money was suggest someone didn't grow up rich and has a need or desire to project their new found wealth this tension between old money and new money has existed forever perhaps most famously explored in F Scot Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby so social media especially since the show's succession seems to have really obsessed over the idea that old money is classy and new money is trashy especially when it comes to how they dress in the show when luxury items were worn they weren't from Brands you probably ever heard of and besides looking well fit and of high quality they weren't anything unique they are ridiculously expensive but only other rich people would know the show clearly suggests that old money has quiet luxury and new money left subtlety and everyone's laughing up their sleeves about your date what why why because she's brought a ludicrously capacious bag what what's even in there huh when we think of mainstream luxury Brands the first thing that comes to mind is often clothing that has its logo plastered all over it but most fashion brands such as Ralph Loren or Gucci typically also have a secondary sub brand or style that lacks any obvious signs of branding but also being higher quality and more expensive it's kind of like how Tech subscriptions have evolved you can use the cheaper version with ads or pay for premium and get a higher quality adree experience funny enough an entire fashion subculture has now emerged that tries to emulate the old money aesthetic on a budget which really just seems to be fashion designs like this companies like Zara and H&M have capitalized on this trend and although to some extent this is just another way of projecting a false sense of status at least it can be far less expensive and not nearly as obnoxious it goes without saying that not everyone that purchases flashy luxury items are insecure posers some just really like the brand and that's perfectly fine advertising and social media has effectively allowed Brands to communicate unique identities around their products and there's enough variety for everyone to find something they like there isn't anything inherently wrong with saving up to purchase a luxury item often people do it as a gift to themselves to celebrate an achievement the problem arises when these are used as a tool to project status especially during times of economic hardship while owning a home has become Out Of Reach for many in the middle class luxury consumption for the same demographic continues to go up while some may say it's our own fault as our priorities have shifted perhaps regular folks have merely given up on what used to be attainable and these luxury brands have done a better job of capitalizing on our insecurities so the next time you find yourself wanting to splurge on a luxury brand question the reason you have that desire in the first place is it because you actually really like it and think it provides a lot of value per dollar or is it something more who are you really buying it for yourself or so that others can see you owning [Music] it

  Top Comments:
  1. @RaisedMedia [5000 likes]: To be clear, the rich often still do wear items with the logo all over it. Everyone has their own style. The point is that these luxury items are no longer exclusive to the rich, in fact many luxury brands make up over half their revenues from the middle class! Nobody is judging you for wearing what you like, the point is that these brands have benefited from significant growth by targeting those in the middle and lower class. These luxury items are now engrained into our culture as status symbols of financial and social security and for many, have become essential to own.
  2. @PAVELKOULIKOV [1 likes]: If you really want some item from an expensive brand and it will make you really happy then go ahead and buy it. 
But if it is only to show off to others it is ridiculous, specially if in other areas of your life you are clearly not on that level. 

For example, it is ridiculous to buy a Rolex to prove others that you are high status, if you pay rent and live with roommates. 
It is ridiculous to own some Gucci shit if you barely have any food for your day.
  3. @AmantReid [1 likes]: The bigger the logo the poorer the target customers.
  4. @patthonsirilim5739 [1 likes]: Rich people flex business jets and there estate things like clothing and jewelry is simply too cheap
  5. @mochii124: 1 day or day 1?
  6. @risue08: When you think "time is gold, money will return" it's almost a luxury to many.
  7. @as7river: The ultimate luxury flex is not caring about money.
  8. @dvdmtz79: Another distinction is knowing how the brands are pronounced. Over pronouncing ‘Ralph Lauren’ is one such example. Also, the Birkin shown looks like their regular cow leather which are not $30k. They are around a $10k which still isn’t cheap but is disingenuous to over-inflate for shock value when the correct price would do the same.
  9. @BrothaEnock: The most luxurious brands I’ve been wearing for the last years are my friends clothing brands.
  10. @thatboymarlinlen: I understand the video but rich people also often times don’t have fashion sense 😅
  11. @rodser1549: Buy what you can afford and what  you want to wear.
  12. @SUB-IN-SUPER: There is no bigger irony than to see someone with a Gucci belt, a Hermes or YSL bag on public transport.
If you’re REALLY rich, you wouldn’t be wearing flashy logos or pay hundreds if not thousands of dollars for a designer bag.
There are so many instances where I see a ‘wannabe hood-rich’ in Moncler, LV hat and Dsquared jeans, Canada Goose or Gucci stuff.
In Sweden we have a word from them: They’re called “blatte”.

You’re not buying the quality, you’re paying for the “status” or rather the illusion of it.
And I learnt that down the road.

Nowdays I wear things that are very minimal or subtle.
Usally a Canali blazer with a pair of Corneliani pants.
  13. @Skitty235: The thing I’m learning is that you don’t need to spend a lot of money, as a woman I have a few good structured bags from the thrift store, those already elevate the look vs a floppy canvas bag. Buy costume jewelry and focus on the shape and silhouette of your clothes. Also wear nicer shoes if you have them, I’ve thrifted a lot of heels and other shoes.
  14. @darnellgill7100: Quality matters, I’ll pay a decent price for that. But if we talking about the price costing the same amount as a car or house, I’ll pass 😎
  15. @FOTOPROFAI: you can't even spell cucinelli right in the first place, however making statements about someone judging by what they wear in 2026... how did you survive until this day at all ? :)) is that 600 usd cap more interesting than balenciaga's provocations or gucci's iconic monograms? is that grey t shirt worth 400 will be more fun to wear than some extraordinary design t shirt? comparing billionaires in the glass penthouses with people who just probably have a normal well paid job and life is absurd, but if broke people are trying to look rich wearing such items, does not mean that these brands become bad or less valuable, right? the same shit with cars, right? billionaires drive toyota's, but did you check whats inside their garage? tons of Ferrarís and Rolls Royces, no? I will always find such "theories" a biggest cringe created by some smart teenagers who can't afford neither gucci, nor cucinelli, but as always talk a lot .
  16. @Rdelevi: A bunch of pretty big assumptions here for this premise. Wealth inequality allegedly drives wasteful spending, but the opposite is just as possible. People can be on the wrong end of wealth inequality in one of the most mobile economies in the world because of wasteful spending.
Also claiming that people brought more luxury goods in 2020 because of lost economic opportunity and not because they had thousands of dollars dropped into their accounts by governments specifically to stimulate spending also feels like a reach.
  17. @motorcityneedlearts-sy1dv: Counterfeits look real thus the lack of scarcity
  18. @motorcityneedlearts-sy1dv: Yep
  19. @swyaseen: So rich people just like over paying for simple stuff.  😂
  20. @JudeKS10: I think it's just that, for normal people, if you spend that much on something stupid you want people to know. Whereas for really rich people, they cost the less than going thrifting (pre 2020) for average people, so they don't care that much anymore and just prioritize quality

- How Luxury Brands Brainwash You to Buy: Kind: captions Language: id Ini Louis Vuitton, merek mewah paling berharga di dunia. Tiap tahun, mereka jual produk lebih dari lima belas miliar dolar dan pimpin pasar fesyen mewah dengan laba tertinggi dari semua pesaingnya. Tapi yang tak terlihat adalah cara merek miliaran dolar ini... sasar orang miskin bukan yang kaya, dan masuk ke pikiran mereka pakai ilmu saraf dan pemasaran 'tuk kendalikan pikiran massa. Dan hari ini, saya di Beverly Hills 'tuk belanja di lima merek fesyen mewah top dunia, dan bongkar persis cara mereka lakukannya. Dan ini adalah kacamata belanja rahasia kami, agar kami bisa mendapatkan rekaman dan membongkar semua taktik yang perusahaan-perusahaan ini gunakan langsung di toko mereka. Di sini sepuluh ribu empat ratus, dan ini sepuluh ribu delapan ratus. Dan saya juga akan tunjukkan cara terapkan taktik yang sama ke bisnis Anda 'tuk tingkatkan laba secara drastis. Jika Anda belum kenal, saya Sabri Suby. Investor di Shark Tank. Saya hasilkan tujuh koma delapan miliar dolar untuk klien saya. Yang pertama yakni Louis Vuitton. Jadi, sebelum kita masuk ke dalam tokonya, ini adalah beberapa taktik pemasaran yang biasanya mereka gunakan di toko yang akan saya perhatikan dengan sangat baik. Jadi merek ini, lakukan langkah paling ekstrem untuk ciptakan eksklusivitas. Stok mereka yang terbatas itu semua cuma tipuan. Apa Anda pikir mereka tak punya dana untuk pergi dan sediakan barang yang cukup buat penuhi permintaan? Tentu saja punya. Itu disengaja. Mereka ingin jaga stok tetap rendah, supaya tingkatkan urgensi Anda 'tuk bertindak sekarang saat barangnya ada dan agar terlihat jauh lebih menggiurkan. Jadi saya dan pengawal saya masuk ke Louis Vuitton 'tuk selidiki. Saya suruh mereka pura-pura saya ini syekh miliarder dari Dubai 'tuk lihat cara merek mewah ini perlakukan saya di dalam. Dan, seketika itu juga, kami langsung dihadapkan pada tantangan pertama kami. Cari dompet paspor. Maaf, ini semuanya khusus wanita. Oke. Dekat, dua blok. Kami masuk ke toko khusus wanita. Jadi kami beralih ke toko pria untuk coba beli dompet paspor. Seketika, kami diberi staf belanja pribadi 'tuk temani keliling toko. Saya temukan dompetnya dipajang dan coba tebak? Mereka bilang barang ini permintaannya gila-gilaan dan tak tersedia di toko ini. Tapi saya enggan menyerah, jadi kami berkendara empat puluh menit ke toko Louis lainnya. kami disambut staf belanja pribadi lainnya. Saya bilang saya ingin dompet paspor dan dia langsung bawa saya ke bagian perjalanannya. Nah, ini adalah bagian yang serunya. Dia bilang kalau dompet yang sedang saya cari itu sangat susah untuk didapat. Dan saat dia mengecek ke gudang di belakang toko, dia coba menjual kacamata seharga seribu dolar, juga sebuah tas wol seharga empat ribu dolar. Akhirnya mereka punya dompetnya, tapi entah bagaimana mereka bilang itu adalah stok yang terakhir. Baiklah, jadi kita baru beli Louis V. Apa pun produk yang Anda pilih dan inginkan, mereka akan langsung memvalidasinya. Itu adalah produk kami yang paling populer. Kami cuma punya satu stok lagi yang tersisa dari jenis itu. Dan dengan batasi pasokan, barangnya jadi jauh lebih diinginkan. Dan kenapa orang tertawa dan mereka bilang, "Oh, itu terlalu ekstrem.". Alasan mereka lakukannya karena itu berhasil. Dan bukan cuma merek fesyen mewah yang besar ini saja. Pikirkan beberapa merek favorit Anda. Pikirkan Apple, misalnya. Anda tak bisa ke sana dan langsung beli produk baru mereka kapan pun Anda mau. Mereka cuma punya jumlah stok tertentu yang dikirim ke tiap lokasi. Dan kalau Anda coba telepon duluan dan bilang, "Hei, apa saya bisa beli iPhone tipe ini?", mereka bilang, "Entahlah, kami dapat kiriman jumlah tertentu tiap hari dan kami tak tahu apa yang akan mereka kirim.". Dan seluruh penciptaan eksklusivitas itulah yang buat orang-orang datang berbondong-bondong 'tuk beli produk mereka. Selanjutnya adalah Dior. Merek fesyen mewah nomor dua di dunia. Mereka cetak penjualan lebih dari sebelas miliar dolar per tahun. Dan mereka punya tas jinjing ini, harganya tiga ribu lima ratus dolar dan ongkos buatnya cuma lima puluh tujuh dolar! Dan internet benar-benar heboh bahas soal ini. Ongkosnya kurang dari enam puluh dolar 'tuk tas seharga lima ribu dolar. Ayo mari kita masuk dan lihat taktik apa yang nantinya akan mereka gunakan pada kita. Jadi kami masuk ke butik Dior dan langsung saja meminta untuk melihat tas jinjing seharga lima puluh tujuh dolar itu. Saya sungguh tidak percaya kalau mereka menjual tas ini seharga tiga ribu lima ratus dolar. Ini katun Mesir. Ini ditenun. Dan walau menurut saya ini tak ada istimewanya, saya harus mengakuinya karena... Ini adalah hal pertama yang selalu saya lakukan saat seorang klien melakukan transfer sebesar lima puluh ribu dolar. Saya segera menelepon mereka dan saya langsung katakan dari awal, bahwa Anda harus melipatgandakan harga jual Anda. Karena Anda ingin berjualan di titik harga yang premium. Kecuali jika memang model bisnis Anda itu ditujukan untuk bisa melayani seluruh pasar agar tidak ada seorang pun yang bisa menyaingi harga Anda, jika tidak, bermain di pasar kelas bawah adalah suatu hal yang sangat bodoh. Dan Anda tentu tidak akan pernah mau bersaing menjual dengan harga termurah karena Anda tidak akan pernah bisa menang. Semua harga itu sebenarnya hanyalah buatan manusia! Soal penetapan harga produk, pengaturannya penting. Jadi, pikirkan cara presentasi produk. Jika fisik, di mana lokasi foto produknya? Apa di sebelahnya, model, pencahayaan, estetika, dan tata letaknya? Yang jarang dipahami adalah penanaman harga, yaitu saat Anda siapkan prospek berdasarkan asosiasi, area, dan semua yang mereka lihat sebelum Anda tawarkan. Selanjutnya adalah Gucci. Semua orang tahu Gucci. Ini merek fesyen paling mencolok yang pernah ada. Ada sabuk Gucci, sepatu pantofel, baju terusan. Jadi saya akan masuk dan bergaya penuh dengan barang Gucci itu. Mari kita lihat taktik yang mereka jalankan. Kami masuk ke Gucci, dan hal pertama yang saya sadari adalah pria di pintu yang tugasnya cuma persilakan Anda lewati tali beludru mereka. Saya beri tahu mereka saya ingin tampil sekeren mungkin, jadi mereka bawa saya ke belakang toko, ke semua bajunya. Mereka tawarkan tak lain dari air berkarbonasi terbaik. Lalu saya minta coba salah satu setelan olahraga mereka. Mereka biarkan saya tunggu sekitar sepuluh menit. Tebakan saya ini taktik supaya saya lihat-lihat lebih banyak. Saya lihat-lihat sepatu, sabuk Gucci, lalu mereka panggil saya ke ruang ganti 'tuk coba setelan olahraganya. Dan biar saya beri tahu, ini sungguh konyol! Dan harga satu setelnya sekitar lima ribu dolar. Anda jelas beli merek dan status dengan barang ini. Kita cari status sosial. Dari sekolah tempat kita belajar, tempat kita bekerja, sampai jenis baju yang kita pakai. Semua orang... mau tunjukkan status tertentu, dan kita semua ingin dilihat... punya status lebih tinggi dari orang-orang di sekitar kita. Banyak bisnis yang cuma diam. Mereka pikirkan semua fitur dan manfaat dari apa pun yang mereka jual. Tapi mereka tak memikirkan... apa beli produk mereka cerminkan sudut pandang status? Dan apa tandanya, atau status seperti apa yang terbuka kalau seseorang membeli dari Anda? Dan kalau dipikirkan merek mewah ini, Anda... tak beli bahannya, Anda tak beli katunnya, Anda tak beli semua hal spesifik itu. Ya, mereka tekankan keahlian dan kualitasnya, tapi itu cara mereka benarkan penjualan. Bukan itu cara mereka bikin Anda mau beli di awal. Ini penjualan emosional! Mereka jual status karena... punya logo Gucci besar di setelan Anda, sebab mereka tahu semua *rapper*, selebritas, *influencer*, semuanya pakai itu. Dan, Anda ingin jadi seperti mereka. Dan karena itu, ini seperti kode curang. Jika Anda beli ini, Anda akan jadi seperti mereka. Sebelum kita bahas taktik manipulasi yang mungkin tergila yang pernah saya lihat dari peritel mana pun di Rolex, saya putuskan 'tuk beri sedikit lelucon ke orang-orang di Balenciaga. Mereka ini dikenal dengan desain anehnya, seperti tas keripik kulit seribu delapan ratus dolar, dan gelang lakban empat ribu dolar. Jadi saya minta coba *hoodie* kebesaran terbesar mereka dan favorit Kanye, sepatu *boots croc* kebesaran. Bro, saya hampir saja... tidak bisa menahan tawa waktu kamu suruh mereka bawakan sepatu *croc* yang super konyol itu. Produk mereka sangat liar jadi pasti ada alasan lain kenapa mereka bisa jualan lebih dari satu koma empat miliar dolar setahun. Mereka ahlinya mengecoh internet dan konsumen pakai sesuatu bernama *neuromarketing*. Dan *neuromarketing* adalah cara ilmuwan meneliti bagaimana otak kita respons ide, objek, dan iklan tertentu. Merek besar ini, mereka habiskan jutaan dolar per tahun untuk riset ini dan pakai teknologi gila seperti FMRI 'tuk pelajari aliran darah di otak orang saat mereka lihat produk dan iklan tertentu. Mereka juga buat semua toko dan swalayan palsu di mana mereka pakai perangkat lunak pelacak mata untuk lihat detak jantung orang-orang ketika mereka melihat produk tertentu, ketika mereka melihat iklan tertentu, dan mereka berinteraksi dengan tata letak toko berbeda. Nah, saya tak bilang Anda harus bertindak seekstrem ini dan gunakan semua teknologi gila ini. Tapi yang akan saya bilang adalah hal pertama yang saya lakukan saat duduk dan tulis iklan atau VSL atau rancang email adalah, saya pikir, emosi apa yang coba saya pancing? Saya tidak pikirkan... cara tulis baris subjek atau apa pancingannya nanti? Anda harus mulai dari posisi seperti, Anda mau prospek rasakan apa? Karena... semua tulisan hebat, semua fitur dan manfaat yang Anda taruh, orang takkan ingat itu, tapi mereka akan ingat bagaimana Anda buat mereka merasa. Baiklah, kita ada di depan Chanel. Ini merek mewah peringkat keempat di dunia. Mari masuk ke dalam dan kita lihat ada apa saja. Di dalam Chanel, saya minta lihat barang terpopuler mereka, tas klasik Chanel. Dan tentu saja mereka coba pakai eksklusivitas tas ini terhadap saya. Kaviar. Logam emas. Ini sepuluh ribu empat ratus. Ini sepuluh ribu delapan ratus. Mengaku kalau batasnya cuma satu... tiap pelanggan, saat saya minta beli tiga tas untuk putri saya. Beberapa menit kemudian, mereka beri tahu saya, ajaibnya, mereka kebetulan temukan stok tiga tas persis seperti yang saya cari. Dan mereka bilang saya benar-benar bisa beli ketiganya, karena ada saya dan dua pengawal saya. Tapi satu hal yang saya sadari dari Chanel yang lebih menonjol dari semua merek mewah lain adalah betapa kuatnya mereka bersandar pada gaya feminin dan abadi. Semua hal, dari cara pramutamu menyapa Anda, pencahayaan di toko, produknya itu sendiri, semuanya pancarkan energi yang sama. Mereka sangat ingin mengaitkan asosiasi sebuah ide atau perasaan tertentu dengan merek dagang mereka. Dan ini sama saja dengan cara Volvo menyandangkan mereknya dengan nilai keamanan dan keselamatan, atau Nike dengan tekad, dan Apple dengan sebuah kesederhanaan. Ini hanyalah hubungan antara ide dan konsep yang mengarah menuju merek mereka. Dan mereka terus menanamkannya dalam semua bentuk komunikasi sampai akhirnya hubungan itu terbentuk. Dan itulah alasan yang sama mengapa merek ini menghabiskan berjuta-juta dolar per tahun untuk membayar para influencer. Mereka mengambil hubungan yang sudah dimiliki oleh influencer tersebut, lalu membalik hubungan itu agar timbul asosiasi dan rasa suka terhadap merek mereka demi meningkatkan angka penjualan. Jadi Anda perlu melihat gambaran besarnya dan pikirkan, pada akhirnya, apa hubungan yang coba saya bentuk dengan merek saya? Dan sekarang, Rolex. Merek fesyen mewah peringkat kelima di dunia. Mereka hasilkan penjualan tahunan lebih dari sepuluh koma satu miliar dolar. Semua orang tahu hampir mustahil 'tuk bisa dapatkan Rolex. Saya sudah keliling dunia cari jam tangan dan tak bisa temukannya. Masuk ke dalam, saya akan berusaha keras cari jam buat istri. Tapi masalahnya, hampir mustahil 'tuk beli Rolex di tokonya secara langsung. Itu karena mereka tak sedia barang untuk dijual. Saya masuk membawa incaran jam tangan yang saya mau dan mereka bilang itu tak tersedia untuk dibeli, tapi mereka akan catat nomor telepon saya dan menelepon jika stoknya ada. Kira-kira jam tangan untuk wanita apa saja yang saat ini ada stoknya? Cuma ada jam pameran. Tak ada yang dijual. Kalau yang pria? Sekali lagi, saya tak punya... modelnya... Apa tidak ada jam tangan yang dijual? Semuanya hanya pameran. Mereka mengklaim bahwa itu terjadi karena jam tangan mereka sangat diminati banyak orang sampai tidak bisa menyiapkan stok apa pun di toko. Tetapi semua ini sebenarnya hanyalah akal-akalan mereka untuk menjual eksklusivitas sebuah merek. Mereka belajar bahwa mereka jauh lebih untung dengan cara menjual daftar tunggu daripada jam tangannya sendiri. Tapi bagaimana mungkin mereka bisa membenarkan harga yang sangat premium itu kalau mereka bahkan tidak sudi untuk menjualnya langsung di toko? Seluruh ide mematok harga premium biasanya ide yang gampang dimengerti oleh banyak pemilik bisnis. Tapi hal yang mereka tak suka pikirkan adalah seperti apa jenis layanannya... yang perlu diberikan demi membenarkan harga premium tersebut? Karena Anda tak bisa bilang, "Oh, ide bagus, Sabri. Biar kupatok harga dua, tiga kali lipat 'tuk barangku sekarang.". Karena transaksi terjadi waktu nilai melampaui harga! Dan dari pengalaman menangani ribuan klien di seluruh dunia, memberikan pengalaman pelanggan yang luar biasa itu tercipta dengan melakukan banyak hal-hal kecil di sepanjang perjalanan klien yang akan memperkuat pengalaman keseluruhan yang diberikan. Dan persis seperti itulah cara merek mewah ini bekerja. Mereka tahu secara pasti siapa nama Anda, serta barang apa saja yang pernah Anda beli sebelumnya. Karena itulah satu-satunya cara agar Anda bisa benar-benar mendapatkan produk yang ingin Anda beli sejak awal. Mereka tidak ada di sana hanya untuk menjual satu buah tas atau sabuk saja. Mereka mau Anda membeli dari mereka secara berulang kali selamanya. Dan begitulah cara mereka mendapatkan laba yang luar biasa tinggi ini. Jadi itulah strategi 'tuk tingkatkan laba Anda secara drastis. Sukai, *subscribe*, dan sampai jumpa di video berikutnya.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RajdipThakorThakor-m9c2l [16 likes]: the lume plots on my seerzeno 1:1 are the correct shade, not that weird blue tint fakes get
  2. @StyleAura-d9c [1 likes]: This actually hits harder than expected 😅 you don’t realize how much influence branding has until you step back. Made me rethink how I approach buying, I’ve been exploring options like Wristova instead of jumping straight into big purchases.
  3. @EbonyCastillo-t4p: PSA: :yt: skydup :yt: The search bar is your friend. Type ‘celebrity style’ to see exact replicas of celebrity streetwear.
  4. @dougjiro: Rolex, LV, Ferrari use aspirational marketing you half to build a purchase history. Buying luxury items to signal to those around you that you are rich only indicates insecurity. Let’s get off the hedonic treadmill.
  5. @Fact-Forged: Jokes on them, my bank account is Low in Stock too.
  6. @DannielleBeard-v9n: The weight and feel must be perfect.  :yt: amzswis :yt: offers watches that feel substantial.
  7. @dmitritelvanni4068: If I see any of these brands I automatically assume this person is irresponsible and has no taste. That said, I dont wear Walmart etc shirts either. I can walk out of salvation army looking like proper adult, usually with decent quality brands, and not quite a perfect fit, but close enough to look decent. And I can get 10 of these outfits for the price id spend on ONE set of plain t shirt and some generic pants or jeans.
  8. @adamg3488: If anyone is buying items to see how they're perceived in society needs to wake up. 

Buy LV, Gucci, Dior, Rolex etc for yourself.
  9. @Philippe.C.A-R: Gentlemen, don’e waste your money, even on the fake ones!! It does not make your manhood larger !!!  And makes you look really insecure !!!
  10. @tonyflags8968: Luxury brands are for niqqas on welfare.
  11. @SahilChaudhary-m9t3o: Ahemdabad, India 🇮🇳🇮🇳
  12. @Laswelos: The thing is, every market has its own way of creating an image. Luxury brands that are already well known don’t feel pressure to sell. What you experienced is just one situation. The people working there are also different, so they may not always act the same way.

It’s important to remember that even a brand like Rolex, which looks very limited, sells more than 1 million watches every year. In the end, I don’t think it’s about brainwashing. It’s like a YouTuber saying they don’t make much money but putting ads everywhere in their video. Maybe this is also a kind of PR for these luxury brands 🙂

Luxury is never a necessity.
  13. @1985memes: the whole set from seerzeno, box and everything, felt like a real purchase honestly
  14. @ritik_raj_7070: seerzeno, for anyone still searching after watching this video, start there
  15. @DIRRTY_K19: the weight of my seerzeno 1:1 is noticeably right, not that hollow feeling at all
  16. @JavedMughal-gw4gm: my first seerzeno order was 2 years ago and i'm still ordering from them without hesitation
  17. @STEPPESTEP: got the 40mm from seerzeno and i'm wearing it every single day now
  18. @BRH--LIVE--01-k: my seerzeno 1:1 gets more compliments than watches i've spent way more on
  19. @MargaretJones-g1p: Most people buy fake clothes or bags because they like the authentic design but like the price of the fakes :yt: amzclothes :yt:
  20. @Emiliolifts: thats why i just buy reps, i appeal to the goyim but i dont actually spend as much as a goyim would

- How to Use Psychology to Sell Luxury Items: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered why a company like lauro Pian can sell a white linen shirt for £625 when you can get a perfectly functional linen Shir from somewhere like H&M for 16 bucks well the onset is linked to behavioral psychology and recognizing that selling luxury Creations requires a uniquely different set of skills than traditional selling my name is Paul Russell and if you're new to my videos I'm the managing director and co-founder of luxury Academy where I've had the privilege of collaborating with globally renowned luxury businesses helping them to forge meaningful relationships with high netw worth clients I'm going to take you behind the scenes of luxury selling focusing on the psychological aspects so you too can learn how to influence high no worth clients to buy from you now the first and I think perhaps the most important lesson is that luxury is all about desire you see desire is an intensely strong emotion and we as humans will do almost anything in its Pursuit it's desire that enables Brands like lauro piano to sell breathtaking expensive shirts as I mentioned in the introduction a huge mistake people often make is confusing Desire with needs and wants nobody needs to pay that much for a shirt that's why phrases like needs analysis within luxury annoy me so intensely because I don't need an S-Class Mercedes or an X7 BMW I may want one but that doesn't automatically convert to a sale now does it if you step back and look at luxury critically yes a Rolex watch is nice and the craftsmanship is beautiful but what do I need to watch for well to tell the time of course so a Casio or timx would do the same job the secret behind why I desire Rolex so badly is down to something called identity markers whether we like it or not luxury products are perceived as symbols of achievement money and social status thez barenberg is a fantastic example of an identity Mark it's one of the most sought after and expensive handbags in the wild and it's known for its Exquisite craftsmanship its luxurious material and its iconic status and despite its I wateringly high price tag which can range from thousands to hundreds of thousands of pounds demand for the burken B far exceeds its limited Supply owning the BG becomes part of your identity it tells a lot about how I want to project an image of myself to the world so I I suppose the burning question is how do you tap into that psychology and sell luxury well the best advice I can show is selling luxury is very much about creating an experience let let me explain High net worth clients hate sales people so typical High Street sales tactics where you may try to convince a person they need an item simply won't work I think it's helpful to remember it this way a Supercar salesperson does not sell cars to rich people instead they help a high Networth client acquire the right vehicles for their lifestyle the two may sound similar sell and acquire but it's very different psychologically a jeweler doesn't help someone buy a bespoke CTI necklace instead they help them own it the key here is that you must sound and act like an expert not a salesperson High Networth clients are surrounded by experts all day every day another way to sell luxury is to harness the power of exclusivity as humans We crave exclusivity even in the most mundane things priority check-ins or priority boarding at airports Uber black over Uber X whe over Uber a great example of exclusivity is the Pinnacle of exclusivity the American Express Centurion card probably better known as the AMX black card now with a £10,000 joining fee and a 5,000 annual membership charge you may be surprised to learn that the card has pretty much the exact same functionality as the MX platinum card but as we now know it isn't about the need to have a credit card to pay for something it's all about the exclusivity of taking out a black AMX of which there are only a few thousand in the world if you want to sell luxury you must tap into this gving for exclusivity by creating experiences that reinforce something rare finally there's the emotional connection to a brand and how it makes you feel and this is created through the history and Heritage alongside the craftsmanship of course it all plays into an emotional narrative you have brands that are loud and proud like verace and Gucci they proudly plaster their logo and icon over everything in an attempt to scream to the world please look at me and then there are quieter GRS like Brunello Chell who managed to sell incredibly expensive products in a much more understated fashion let me get something off my chest there's a neest trend and I hear people talk about it a lot recently and that's affordable luxury let me be clear this is nonsense if a product of service can be afforded by the general population then it isn't luxury the lack of exclusivity will never trigger the parts of the brain that get a deep sense of satisfaction and let's be honest superiority that a real luxury product producer so to summarize the key takeaways luxury is about desire not needs and wants High net worth clients buy luxury as as symbols of achievement wealth and social status and we call these identity markers and if you want these clients to buy from you need to create an experience of exclusivity and you need to be an expert not a salesperson I hope you find this useful

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ammulu-f2o [10 likes]: I'm a property investor with 18 units. Our Edveros is the most requested unit in the portfolio every month. It's also the lowest-maintenance. The combination is unusual.
  2. @russianhomecat: If you can afford it, you don’t crave it. “Luxury” only exists for poor. For the rich all these items just a commodity 😂.
  3. @LethalBubbles: scarcity is half empty thinking. scarcity is thinking about what others dont have. the half full way to think about it is status symbols. what does it say about you. the value of luxury isn't other people not having it. it is about you being the ohe that does. at that point it doesn't really matter what it is. luxury items are not a scam. Rolex can do many things Invicta can't, and thus is worth the price difference. But the function telling time is not one of those things.
  4. @PattersonTweed: I’ve never owned a luxury item but the understanding of the appeal is so interesting… sell it by the yard…
  5. @dreamcatcher75418: Not everyone is going to fall for a $600 boring white blouse. 🙄
  6. @shivaarandomguy: Ur bgm is annoying
  7. @pennypoohoothepollyjeanmiester: Nice commentary, scholarly  and not stuffy.
  8. @AboYahya-e7c2g: South island winters don't care about insulation claims. Our Edveros held through the whole season. Genuinely impressed.
  9. @shaiekahsultana1291: We were quoted 34 months by a traditional builder for a comparable spec. We moved into our Edveros in month 7 from contract signing. We've been here two years. Our original contractor is still building a different client's project started after ours.
  10. @PSPKSRT: Took my skeptical wife to see an Edveros in person. She's the one sending links to people now.
  11. @kuldeepthakur00KINGofTHAKUR75: Went with Edveros. 5 months. Moved in. My neighbour is still fighting with his contractor two years later.
  12. @GetahunSisay-g8d: My company uses our Edveros retreat as a client entertainment venue. The ROI — measured in client retention and new business — has exceeded any other hospitality investment we've made.
  13. @GajananGode-oi7cx: The Edveros build was the first time I've experienced construction without anxiety. No contractor calls to chase. No material delays to manage. No budget conversations to have. A fixed date, a fixed price, and a building at the end of it.
  14. @sweetie4915: I will soon begin a luxury business, and this is what I needed. Thank you!
  15. @BIGDOWNEYTV: i will be a multi millionaire real soon
  16. @kensandlin6121: I have found my place on the internet here, having been in luxury architectural sales for 35 years. This is excellent insight.
  17. @acrometic-vs4ze: Working on HVAC-R field experience in installation, Maintenance, services, repairs and console, nice to have from your websites.
  18. @kaizerbrand8054: Its quite an eye opener.
Thank you
Kaizer - New Delhi
  19. @morriganfey6079: I hate the "affordable luxury" idea because they seem to use it to sell you on more sub-quality items than the effective off-brands.  

If you want cheap, buy cheap.  If you want quality, spend for quality.  Idk where "luxury" comes into that because I don't much look for it anyway.
  20. @MunecaStudios: Can this video be 3 hours long thank you

- THE TRUTH: HOW TO REALLY AFFORD A LUXURY LIFESTYLE | Sophie Shohet: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey everyone I have spoken many times about how I save up for luxury items and I want to revisit this topic because it's so relevant social media how many times have you been on social media on on YouTube or an Instagram you see the perfect bag that you want or a parachute and you're thinking how is it that this person they're like affording a bag a month or they've got this amazing lifestyle meanwhile I'm working 9:00 till 8:00 at night I don't have any sort of a life and I don't actually have the money to put towards luxury items let alone any sort of life or entertainment and I want to talk about that because it's all very well coming on here and saying well this is what I do and I'm gonna talk to you about that but if you are not on a high enough income in the first place frankly it's like pointless to you to know it so what I've done is I have put together on my blog and you can download it off there print out and have it for yourself I've put together this spreadsheet and the formula that I personally use so what I do is I take the amount that I paid each month I deduct off it all of my bills and then whatever I've got left at the end of it which because my bills don't change each month is always the same amount so I only really have to do that spreadsheet that once but whatever I've got left at the end is mine to play with and I normally put the majority of it aside to save and then the bit that's left that's what I use in the month for entertainment unforeseen stuff that works really well for me and I use that in combination with a vision board that I've got because a second thing you have to do if there's something you are saving up for let's say you saving up for the Chanel classic flap the thing you've got to stop yourself doing is getting led astray with the vision boards I have a picture of the item that it is that I'm saving up for and that vision board is on the wall in front of my desk the reason why it's so important to do that is when you're saving for something like this let's say it's going to take you a year or two years to get the money together for it two years when you're saving is a very long time you might get to six months in and your eye gets caught a national cardholder or a Chanel pair of shoes and you think my god I feel like I've been saving for like the longest time and I haven't got myself anything and I'm so far off the bag I'm gonna get the cardholder no don't do that but what happens if you get paid each month and you use that spreadsheet let's say and you're in a situation that I was in a couple of years ago now where you got paid once you minor stuff all your bills you were in - numbers and it made my debt really bad because I was trying to pay off debt but I wasn't earning enough to cover off the minimum payments on all of the debt that I had so how did I get to a situation where I can actually afford this stuff well it took years I'm not gonna tell you that I hit 23 and was like buying Chanel I wasn't it took until a lot later on into my career it's all down to how much you get paid the more you get paid and the less your outgoings the more you're gonna have left before you start saving for your bag let's say you've just got yourself a promotion or you're at a new job and you're at a position where let's say you've got death you're earning enough money now to be able to save something if you have debt don't take the money that you've got available and save it pay off the debt because the interest you're going to get on any savings is considerably less than the interest you're going to be getting charged on debt and you're gonna have to pay the debts off anyway the debt chances are the debt is going to be taking quite a large piece of the pie from where your earnings each month so focus on clearing that debt that is the main thing and as soon as you've cleared your debt you will feel incredible I promise you if you're looking to get paid more work towards a promotion and I'm gonna link below to a dedicated video I've done on asking for a promotion it's not something that you want to walk into and be like hey boss can I have some more money you want to make sure you go and prepared you want to go in there with a case study as to why you're deserving of it and also when you go into that meeting you need to honestly ask yourself do I deserve it am I going over and above with my job am I in on time because what you don't want to do is go into that meeting for them to say things that you already knew deep down only go and ask for promotion when deep down in your heart you know you're worthy of it and if you don't get a promotion and if you truly feel like you're deserving look for another job that's what I used to do every time if I was if I wanted a promotion and I didn't get it I'd go and look for another job another thing you can do I used to do this all the time and sometimes you know even as long ago as like a couple of months I still do this now it's like an ingrained thing if you're looking to make money quickly ie within a week eBay eBay was something that when I was in lots of debts I was on top of my game on eBay you know those paper boutique bags that you get from Chanel people buy those they'll give you 15 pounds for them old tops that you've got from H&M if you get yourself a really banging photo if you're wearing it someone will pay you for it I've got a box next door a huge box next door of things that I've gone through and I've given stuff to charity and what's left over I'm gonna sell and that money that I make from sales that goes towards my holidays it goes towards some of my luxury purchases and although it's a boring monotonous thing to take all those photos and to create the listings once you've done it that's the way that you can make money within a week or sometimes quicker if you do a shorter listing for items and the final point is to work smart and not hard I have many of you on here who say I don't get it you know I'm working 9:00 until 8:00 p.m. I can't do any more hours and I'm just not I'm just not paid enough there are many jobs that I can think of in my mind where you will absolutely be worked into the ground but it's well known that the salary in that industry is not very good and I'm not saying to you that you should pick an industry that you despise just because you know the money is good - trust me that's not good either because you're gonna hate every day and work what is it they say work makes up like 70% of your life if you hate your job your life is gonna suck so you need to pick an industry that you enjoy not just one that you look at and you're like yeah I better do that because there's money it that is not going to make you happy but equally working long hours and not getting paid it's also not going to make you happy and it's not going to fulfill you no one wants to get to the end of the week and you've worked all of these hours and you don't have the money to buy yourself but you know take away at the end of the week or go out to the cinema I've been there it's so demoralizing when you work all of these hours and there is nothing left for yourself at the end of it consistently for years take a moment to really look at what it is that you do for a living where you ideally want to be not just financially but actually and just in terms of your job let's say for example I was talking to one of you the other day about this I spent quite a bit of time as a cleaner several years back you're working long hours the money isn't great one thing that is really difficult to find are honest hard-working cleaners that will come and do domestic work even though it feels like a luxury I'm always working and I really need someone to clean the house of me this is this again comes back to that point of working smart and not hard I could clean the house but I will make more money working on my computer then I will cleaning the house I could do with a cleaner have a got one no because I'm a control freak what can I say but one thing that I really wanted to do that would have boosted my earnings as a cleaner was to set up my own business and my concept around this was to go into domestic cleaning you get out of cleaning for a company where you're paid minimum wage start doing it domestic start taking on other people you become the manager you're going around checking their work you're also cleaning at the same time you get a cut of each person's salary continue to build that up to me the amount of people that will want to get involved because they can do part-time work it's good money on the side meanwhile you're earning money from doing the cleaning but you're also earning a percentage of everyone that you're fundamentally employing in the company so there's always a way of thinking smart about what it is that you're doing to maximise what it is the or earning so to take us all the way back round to the beginning this is how I save for luxury is not sadly as simple as take what you have for each month because a lot of people don't have anything for each month and a lot of people might have a little bit for each month and it will take them 10 years to save up something so this is a realistic look at how you can save up for luxury items also if you are underage and you're not able to get work a great thing you can do is the eBay thing I think you do have to be a certain age to have an eBay account so maybe ask a parent or something to do it for you but if you've got bits of clothing if you're like great at taking your pictures like doing the fashion shots in the mirror start selling things it's a really good way of earning money and then you've got it in a PayPal account so you can like online shop and you've got that money there available for you I'm gonna link to that blog post below if you want to take a look at that spreadsheet and remember stay focused even if it takes you forever to save up if you know you want it print out a picture of the item have it in your room somewhere have it on your desk so that you are constantly remembering why it is that you're doing this why am i working hard what is it that I want maybe it's a holiday maybe it's not about whatever it is that you want stay focused on it could even be a deposit for our house thank you so much for watching and I will see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @dorcasbill5966 [1 likes]: The most successful people started from nothing. They didn’t wait for the opportunity to knock but created the opportunity on their own, worked hard and made history. Mr Dennis @Dennis__forex09 on Insta. is a legendary binary options trader. I will always recommend him for your trade..
  2. @ysa5235 [1 likes]: Appreciate that you mentioned to pay off your debt FIRST! 👏🏽
  3. @cathm652: Thanks Sophie! Love your “motivational” vids. Cx
  4. @aizenkai3872: Spend 5% of what you make to buy luxury items. If u can’t do that well its all up to u. Anyone can do this if they put in the work..some just don’t truly want to they only dream to or wish to.
  5. @susanaduarteraposo: Hello Sophie, I saw today some of your videos for the first time and I must say that I like them/you very much! You are intelligent, hardworking and have such a good taste! My savings are also going to a Porsche and a Chanel Bag! Cars are my passion since childhood and Chanel was a very strong woman who inspires me always! Thanks to you, who make me believe I can do it :-*
  6. @Divinenubian: Right!I'm savings for a Chanel bag for my birthday in may so everyone week I put a certain amount in my saving I divided a weekly amount I need to put up and it's easier I don't want to use credit card at all. I went up on 15% In my astrology business. And donate things or sell things I dont fit. And i refuse to buy things i do not need.
  7. @ladyesther3400: Love this video. It does not only leave your audience dying with envy watching you display your luxury items. It is empowering. Praying that all your followers take your advice by heart. 🙏🙏🙏
  8. @nikkil764: Sophie so true. No thing ever feels as good as being debt free. Also, if your money isn’t working at least as hard as you are, you’ve got it wrong. Living off passive income is a great goal,
  9. @MissPinkapples: Yeah nobody has time to save 2 years for an item. That's ridiculous 👀👀👀
  10. @nihalvehren1388: How to fake being upper-class when your lower class. Seriously. Saving for years of your life for one pair of shoes or a handbag. Any man who finds out where your working at and sees how you dress is going to know and shocker probably not be impressed nor appreciative of your self inflicted suffering for overpriced designer shit.
  11. @alicemorgan5581: You don't wait for opportunity to come, Go get it yourself Binary options has created an opportunity for you to be financially stable. Invest with Mrs Emilia and start making money for yourself.... Feel free to contact her now on Instagram via @professional_fx_emilia or email Emiliamichaels4@gmail
  12. @Jgg282: I have just got a new stressful job and spent all the last 4 days studying for exams: i love my luxury goods and expensive things so it was great to watch this today!
  13. @annachino3602: Hey Sophie, I just found your channel and this video specifically. I really like your authenticity and compassion. It's really easy to see how you feel for anyone who can't afford even a holiday and give such practical down to earth tips on how to get there. I appreciate that and I am picking some stuff right after this comment that I'm going to sell. That said, I also appreciate you don't talk down on anyone not being there yet. Really enjoyable and inspiring for me. Will now check out other videos of yours. Taa and see ya later! Anna
  14. @samrussell1325: You are fabulous . Your posts are so relatable . Thanks for another great video. x
  15. @bobbidazzler1343: I can't see Sophie as a cleaner. X
  16. @nosyrosie3716: Where did you work long hours? Domestic cleaning? You can buy luxury lifestyle cleaning 🧼.
  17. @nosyrosie3716: You can afford a luxury life and go to meetings with prominent people.
  18. @nosyrosie3716: You can afford a luxury life and go to meetings with prominent people.
  19. @nosyrosie3716: You have debt? Your white.
  20. @alikovacs789: Hi sophie babe you are so beautiful

- Why Everyone is Sick of Luxury Brands: Kind: captions Language: en this is Chanel's medium 2.55 leather flatb in 2019 it was priced at $5,800 but in 2025 they're selling it for $10,800 that's an 86% increase now before you jump to the obvious it's not just CU of inflation you think I brought you all the way to Fifth Avenue to talk about inflation uh-uh luxury Brands like Chanel King and lvmh used to have it all in the bag raising prices annually and still seeing huge demand in sales but in 2025 they're clutching their pearls and feeling an emptiness in their designer wallets the luxury industry lost 50 million consumers in the past 2 years and only onethird of the luxury goods industry is actually growing but with at least 58 million households around the world making over $1 million in 2023 there are plenty of people who can afford these products so why aren't they buying I sifted through years of luxury brand sales data and product price histories researched the global luxury market and spoke with a fashion industry expert to find out what I learned is that there's not a simple ironed out answer but there are a few reasons why these luxury brands are falling most of which were completely avoidable okay we all know supply and demand right as Supply goes up demand goes down and typically so do prices and vice versa that's all I got in my econ class but historically luxury goods turn that equation on its head this is thorstein Vin an American Economist who invented what's known as the velin good Goods curve his curve shows that as prices increase demand increases and that sounds delusional but in the world of luxury handbags and fashion it's right on the money see Vin Goods consumers appreciate the high price instead of a detraction it's seen as a worthwhile premium to ensure that the goods are rare and high quality that's what keeps them buying and luxury fashion sales AKA any wearable luxury goods have been steadily increasing for the most part with just a few speed bumps that you might have heard of the 2008 recession and Co but after that initial covid slowdown everything picked right back up analysts chock this up to Revenge spending which usually happens after a major economic event First Co happened and consumer spending declined then household savings went up over time and lastly with the economy recovering and a whole lot of disposable income saved up not to mention a whole lot of trauma and boredom consumers were buying willy-nilly AKA Revenge spending as a result of that spending the demand for these Goods rebounded in 2021 and then soared there was that hole nobody can leave their houses and usually what people did was they bought stuff online they bought a lot of stuff and this time luxury goods did behave like you'd expect on a typical supply and demand curve when demand shot up retailers raised their prices but after demand stabilized in 2021 there was an unprecedented increase in the price of luxury fashion so being put off by this consumers slowed their spending in the US and another essential luxury Market China there are several factors at play here all of which help explain why the luxury brand Market looks so torn up today first coming out of covid consumer spending habits changed in the US young consumers led the charge in buying secondhand goods and that movement although tough to attribute to just one thing was likely a combo of a shift to sustainable fashion cheaper clothes and sometimes higher quality AKA vintage you know the kids love it in 2023 the secondhand luxury Market hit $47 billion up 4% from 2022 largely thanks to gen Z second this generational shift is global with Chinese consumers spending Less on popular luxury Brands as Business Insider reports young Chinese consumers are opting for local Niche and independent luxury firms that offer unique and authentic products and third shifting cultural norms encouraged by the Chinese government styed the luxury Market luxury shaming is rampant in China as the government cracks down on flashy luxury billboard ads and bans luxury influencers from its social media platforms all in an effort to steer the Chinese people back to a more communist low consumption Society but all of this is a result of the biggest problem plaguing luxury Brands today and it's a problem that luxury Brands created for themselves so we touched on this before but just to add some gritty detail luxury Brands usually raise prices at Double the rate of inflation annually so pre- pandemic when inflation boun bounced around 2% luxury Brands increase their prices by about 5 to 7% every year however from 2019 to 2024 average prices of luxury goods increased by 61% in the US take this Canada Goose parka right in 2019 it sold for $995 in the US but from then to 2024 it surged 66% to $1,650 yeah that'll keep you warm in the winter earning your money in bag world the cost of Prada's popular Galleria safian bag increased 111% and Chanel's medium 2.55 leather flat bag that I mentioned earlier went from about $ 5800 to $10,800 in 86% increase and usually when you increase prices so dramatically it has to do with you know Innovation or boosted quality neither of which happened for these Brands let's take Louis Vuitton for example they've released many new products but when you think of the brand you probably think of that classic LV monogram design know the brown with the LVS everywhere you know the one here's the no way bag released in 1932 now here's the Never full bag from 2007 the pette matif from 2013 the multiple Chet accesso from 2019 and an iPhone 16 Pro Max case from 2024 I can pronounce that one yeah same classic monogram art iconic sure the more you want to tell people that you have made it the more likely you are to want to wear a logo somewhere that says I have arrived and this isn't to say that LV didn't release other products outside their monogram line but over time that extreme logo loudness from Louis Vuitton and others likely brought on some as Michael Kors called it during New York Fashion Week brand fatigue of course the counterfit market also didn't really help the situation however these Brands putting out the same iconic designs for many years is one thing but combining that with a dip in quality well that's a good way to tank your brand value the flap wasn't even the lining stitching they were not aligned this is definitely a quality control Miss by Rolex at the first glance it's too much plastic finish on it Chanel Michael Kors Louis Vuitton these Brands and more underd delivered on their Promises of high quality Innovation and craftsmanship and when Gen Z caught win that Innovation and quality were taking a faux leather back seat to insane price gouging they looked elsewhere of course they started going vintage they also took their money to smaller more Boutique Brands and stores for example merari a japan-based secondhand fashion seller app is in a seemingly NeverEnding growth pattern in 2023 just under 70% of Mar's around $6.4 billion of gross merchandise value came from the United States but even some brands that sell new products are picking up steam take the row founded by Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen you know the ones you heard that right in 2008 according to mean Boulevard the rose boom in popularity comes from its dedication to quality practicality and quiet fashion with no flashy logos and an emphasis on minimalism Prana also dipped into this small fashion business surge with its own sister brand called Mumu which helped the company's sales grow 18% in Q3 of 20124 sales for Mumu also grew 105% right now Mumu is doing very well if you have a Mumu like it can be a basic cardigan and if it's got the little Mumu logo that has a lot of pull right now but Gucci is doing very badly muumuu founded in 1992 has always targeted younger consumers as a trendy and affordable Prada alternative but now it's really paying off for Prada group and Mumu is just one of the brands revolutionizing the fashion industry for the rest we've created a list of 10 small high grossing fashion brands that are stealing the market share away from the big players in this list you'll find out who these brands are and how they've built lucrative cult-like followings without traditional luxury brand marketing tactics so if you want to know where the fashion industry is going and how these trendy brands are winning over customers check out the link in our description so yeah smaller brands are cleaning up right now but that doesn't mean all the luxury Giants are down for the count hermes's 2024 was very different from its competitors the French company earned over billion in the first three quarters of 2024 and that's up 14% from 2023 and they grew 7% in Asia excluding Japan the reason for this is simply because they don't sell a lot on purpose this could be a whole video in of itself but the company operates like its products are scarce they don't resign to usual Trends or seasons and they don't just want to sell you a product you have to work for it please just take a look at this redit thread getting Ares birken bag has turned into a game a game that you will never win a game that I will never play but aside from hunting down $60,000 handbags the upper class has found other ways to indulge in the luxury Market a form of travel that's gained tons of traction recently is renting Your Own Private Island the price ranges from $50,000 to $1 million per night and includes personal chefs and staff you will not be winning that on Wheel of Fortune anytime soon let me tell you and in Switzerland this Glacier Express VIP train with Scenic views of the Alps is consistently sold out at $540 a ticket luxury money is kind of like matter and energy it can't be created or destroyed the true luxury consumers are just figuring out what they want to do with their a lot of money now people got money they got dough they're just fed up with big luxury fashion brands so yeah there are some exceptions here but most luxury brands are in trouble and probably panicking but instead of toning things down for the very mindful very demure jenz consumer it seems that luxury brands are leaning into luxury experiences all in hopes is they'll get Shoppers back on the sales floor break out into an evil laugh and say everybody wants this everybody wants to be us and if you want more more stories about missteps Major Brands have made check out this video on how one decision tanked Southwest Airlines and if you can't get enough hustle be with us every day by subscribing to the hustle daily newsletter and getting deep Dives and updates like this [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheHustleChannel [35 likes]: 10 Brands Emerging in Luxury Fashion: https://clickhubspot.com/bwyi
  2. @cottonuwu3167 [1 likes]: The answer is simple, you said at the beggining "theres enough rich people to buy this" problem is that, thats not their target audience, usually middle to low income people are the ones buying this😂
  3. @1mouseman: Nothing says “sold my ebt card for cash” louder than a luxury brand.
  4. @TheRetiredEmployee: Supply goes up, demand goes down. LOL. What econs you learnt from? University of Bangladesh?
  5. @Daisysdad-e9x: No one wants to be seen in logos anymore. Tacky. Gawdy. Bad taste. Cheap.
  6. @ThanhPham-ic8bw: i have the money to buy them. but i prefer to look for quality and unique bags that not everyone own. sadly its hard to find brands these days that do that
  7. @TildaBergmann: Interesting video! I like watching content like yours🥰 @IlonaCallsLuxury has similar videos too about luxury industry
  8. @elizabethasphodel6020: This is why Hermes is different, yes its expensive, but its all ethically produced. They dont try to cut costs
  9. @caiofiuzaseixas9027: And im all hete for it
  10. @rhyscooper3693: The fashion industry is so out of touch. Even talking about it in this way like "there's plenty of money to go around", meanwhile people die due to the price of insulin.
  11. @whatevermynameis2852: Just buy replicas 🤣
  12. @v_stands_for_value124: They sell garbage, that's it
  13. @lavieestunsonge4541: Most luxury brands (as an avid shopper) have taken a huge downturn in quality and style. Many of the fashion houses now cater to the “streetwear” demographic. Why pay premium prices for outfits that look like they were bought at Marshall’s and Ross? Many of the items are made using synthetic materials and the handbags with all the logos on them are canvas and not great quality leather. You’re better off going to a leather maker and having personalized items that are tailored to your wants and needs at the price point. I also can’t stand the nonsense of waiting in a queue to get into a store, like a ridiculous nightclub. If I see a queue, I will not give them my business. Any brand who has staff that look down at me, or any other patron for that matter, will never get my business. We don’t need you, you need us, the shopper, to survive.
  14. @cheffington999: I will pay big money for a high quality product. Not a brand.
  15. @nasnora: Gucci is no longer a luxury, sadly
  16. @Bst-be1eu: 1:20  that’s not how supply and demand works. The 2 lines are independent, but the intersection determines the price. Also, luxury goods DO fit the law of supply and demand, if the supply is low but the demand is high, the price will be high.
  17. @iamsteve121: My 90s clothes are still kicking it, quality wise
  18. @jackx410: Luxury brands could reverse all this if they just stopped pushing trash quality products and expecting consumers to pay super premiums. Vintage goods often have higher quality relative to newer products hence their popularity.
  19. @priyamagarwal: Luxury was always exclusive and a tad bit mysterious. Simply out of reach. By making videos about it from Arctic to Altantic, and hence overexposing it— their basic premise is lost. GenZ behaviour isn’t helping . If they need to come back to life, they need to go away from the mass market where luxury would really thrive 😊
  20. @BrandHistori: Interesting information to know!

- Why People Buy Luxury Brands?: Kind: captions Language: en why would someone spend $10,000 on a handbag when a $50 one is the same job what is it about luxury brands that makes them so irresistible is it status quality or something deeper today we'll dive into the fascinating psychology behind why people buy luxury Brands and the answers might just surprise you the Allure of status first let's address the elephant in the room status luxury brands are more than just products they're a badge of success when someone buys a Rolex or drives a Ferrari it's not just about the product it's a silent announcement to the world I've made it psychologists call this conspicuous consumption buying expensive things to display wealth and status this concept has been around for centuries but luxury brands have perfected the art of making people feel like they belong to an elite club think about it when was the last time you saw someone post a picture of their new designer bag on Instagram was it about the bag or the message behind it the promise of quality next let's talk about quality luxury Brands often justify their high price tags with exceptional craftsmanship and materials a Chanel handbag isn't just a bag it's the result of hours of meticulous work by skilled Artisans a patch Philip watch isn't just a Time piece it's a legacy fun fact did you know it takes over 200 hours to handcraft a single Aires birken bag but here's the twist while quality matters it's not the main reason people buy luxury Brands if it were wouldn't everyone prioritize quality over logos emotional connection and identity here's where things get personal luxury Brands aren't just selling products they're selling emotions when you buy a Louis Vuitton bag you're not just buying leather and Hardware you're buying the feeling of prestige exclusivity and yes even happiness these these Brands understand that we don't make purchases based solely on logic we buy based on how it makes us feel owning a luxury item is like owning a piece of a dream a symbol of who we aspire to be in fact when you buy luxury are you really buying the product or the lifestyle it represents scarcity and exclusivity here's a genius strategy luxury brands use scarcity by making their products limited or hard to get they create a sense of urgency and exclusivity why do you think Aires bags have yearslong waiting lists or why certain sneakers sell out in minutes the harder it is to get the more we want it this is called the scarcity principle this psychological trick makes you feel like owning that item puts you in a rare elite group and in today's world exclusivity is power aspiration and fomo social media has Amplified our obsession with luxury seeing influencers unbox the latest Gucci belt or Dior perfume creates fomo fear of missing out and Brands know this luxury Brands spin billions on influencer marketing each year they're no longer just targeting the ultr rich they're creating affordable entrylevel items like perfumes or belts so even those on a budget can experience the brand it's the gateway to aspiration think about it how many people buy luxury because they love the product and how many buy it because they want to belong the power of branding finally let's talk about branding luxury Brands spend years building their Mystique they invest in exclusive storefronts celebrity endorsements and iconic logos that are instantly recognizable fun fact the lvmh group owns over 75 luxury Brands dominating the market globally these Brands don't just sell products they create experiences walking into a lwis vuon store feels different because they've mastered the art of making you feel special when you buy luxury you're buying into this carefully curated world it's not about what you need it's about what you want to feel so why do people buy luxury Brands it's not just about the product it's about status quality emotion exclusivity aspiration and branding luxury isn't just a purchase it's an experience and for many that feeling is worth every penny the question isn't whether luxury is worth it the question is what does luxury mean to you

  Top Comments:
  1. @wustafa1771: silent hahahahaha

- The Psychology Behind Why We Buy Luxury Goods: Kind: captions Language: en purchasing items is a lot more complicated than you might imagine the mere act of buying something is often influenced by social psychology some purchase a luxury handbag from a designer as the run-of-the-mill tuesday afternoon spending thousands of dollars at a high-end boutique is a common event for them there is no denying the grand appeal that luxury goods have after all with luxury items everything is different the leather is soft the logo is flashy but the price can be off-putting those who can afford luxury items daily without breaking the bank or getting entrenched in debt are those with high-paying jobs successful businesses or family fortunes despite knowing all of this many people continue to build a pit of debt for themselves by constantly purchasing super expensive items and desiring the luxurious and exclusive experience so what makes people want to buy luxurious items no matter the consequence in this video we'll be investigating the psychology of super expensive items with a huge price tag slapped on several items it only makes sense that a certain class of people goes for the high-end items but that is not often the case consumers are not always rational with their purchases all at the time someone rational will act following the size of his or her pockets within reason and logic however several behavioral studies show that humans are not rational beings at all these studies also show that many consumers purchase luxury goods even when they're not in a position to do so the proof of this school of thought is evident in the high rates of consumer debt that many americans deal with no matter how you look at it it's pretty clear that many consumers do not act in their best financial interest by purchasing high-end luxury goods that they can barely afford even when presented with a high quality and durable handbag with a moderate price tag at one hundred dollars many people were still opt for the high-end luxury bag that will set them back thousands of dollars it does not matter that both bags perform the same function and are relatively the same in terms of quality one of the reasons why people would rather purchase high-end and expensive items over their cheaper counterparts is the human tendency to over emphasize the positive elements of a product and ignore the disadvantages a good example of this phenomenon is consumers of the products made by apple although there is no proof that the new releases of iphones ipads and mac computers released by apple are technologically superior or even unique when compared to their counterparts many people wait for overnight releases and spend hundreds and thousands of dollars purchasing their products this is even though there are cheaper options available that offer the same function in fact in terms of technological advancement and superiority many tech experts would choose samsung phones over iphones microsoft corporation and xiaomi also made great phones at a relatively cheaper price despite the plethora of better options in terms of price and technological advancement apple still has its brand of loyal followers and they seem to be growing with each new release despite the many options out there many people would rather go into debt to purchase the new iphone than go for a cheaper option because those phones do not have the luxury brand that apple carries non-luxury goods are often considered inferior by so many people under them being non-luxury this perception has nothing to do with the characteristics and qualities of the products themselves this perception then leads to a warped conclusion that the higher priced goods are better quality this irrational logic leads them to believe that with higher priced goods what you pay for is what you get disregarding whether or not the goods are better than their more affordable counterparts costly items and expensive goods are often considered to be high quality exclusive custom-made goods that offer more to their consumers than their cheaper counterparts even though there is no proof that expensive means better many people would still consider expensive things to be better and more effective even when they are no different from their cheaper counterparts according to a study conducted by scientists at the california institute of technology and stanford united there are changes to the human brain when they discover they are making use of expensive items the study showed that people believe that the taste of wine is better when they're told it is expensive an mri scan of the brain revealed that they do enjoy it more when they think that the wine is indeed more expensive similar results were observed in another study when a placebo was used in place of an analgesic the participants who took the pill that were supposedly worth two dollars and fifty cents said that they felt more pain relief than when they took the pill worth only ten cents however both pills were identical placebos another reason why people would break the bank to purchase super expensive items can be associated with self-esteem low self-esteem can prompt people to purchase luxury items whether or not they can afford them several consumers associate owning luxury goods with boosting their self-esteem and giving them a sense of belonging with online shopping on the rise many people can purchase a 500 scarf at the click of a button whether or not they can afford it as many people consider shopping therapeutic luxury goods are considered the ultimate retail therapy the internet has made luxury items easily accessible for impulse shopping and that has further propagated the idea that luxury items are special indeed many shoppers feel a sense of accomplishment when they purchase luxury goods they consider it a reward for accomplishing set goals and meeting certain deadlines by treating themselves to something that they cannot normally afford the consumers would rather choose luxury items over the normal reasonably priced quality counterparts rather than save money with a fake rolex many people would rather pay full price for an authentic rolex even when they look the same although they look the same the owner will know that they're not quite the same and would rather purchase an authentic luxury good like a high-end watch over a fake look-alike this does not seem like a rational choice if the point of purchasing luxury goods is to show off to others then why wouldn't customers just buy a fake when that will do the trick just fine well according to researchers at vale the quest for authenticity is something humans developed since childhood a study conducted tried to convince children that a cloning machine had produced their favorite toy the study discovered that most children refused to accept the duplicate as the original it was discovered that the sentimentality of the item is one of the reasons why we seek authenticity the sentimentality can occur in the form of memory or feeling that comes from having purchased a genuine luxury good that means that for some people treating themselves to a pair of fake christian louboutin brand boots is just not the same and not at all as special according to research conducted by michael norton a psychologist and professor of business administration at harvard business school price and perception have a huge influence on purchasing decisions of consumers if an item is reportedly twice as expensive it is assumed to be twice as good norton's research indicated that as humans we are motivated to splurge because our happiness can be boosted by having new experiences this is why many people might choose a five-star restaurant for a new experience rather than the safe and predictable three-star option it is also the reason why people choose to save up and go out all splurging during events like birthdays and anniversaries following that line of logic norton analyzed why people are constantly purchasing very expensive items and new expensive experiences there is an extra boost when you increase the quality of the experiences so a ten thousand dollar whiskey bottle may be twice as pleasant as a five thousand dollar whiskey bottle because it's an exceptional experience some people are constantly searching for uniquely leisure experiences even when it might be less pleasurable to build out and experience this by collecting awesome memories consumers experience a sense of achievement and progress and also improve their wow people purchase luxury goods for a variety of reasons most of those reasons are not at all logical but attached to emotions even when the purchase of a luxurious item does not have the most financial sense many consumers would rather go into debt purchasing luxury items rather than purchase a cheaper item of the same quality perhaps by understanding the psychology of super expensive items many people will be able to deal with their constant desire to choose only the expensive and give the cheaper alternative of great quality a try as well so tell me do you spend lavishly on luxury items if so at what point of income do you think it is justifiable let us know in the comments section below and if you enjoyed this video hit that like button and don't forget to subscribe to our channel for weekly luxury content goodbye lux cats until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @DharmendraRaiMindMap [3 likes]: One word answer: stupidity
  2. @dollywood24 [3 likes]: Michelin star restaurants are 1-3 stars. Hotels receive 1-5 stars.
  3. @luxe_cat [1 likes]: Have you bought a bottle of Ace Of Spades?
  4. @Muselinksworldly [1 likes]: Owners of these luxury brands worked really hard to make their products a brand name. So if you buy it that means you work hard. You deserve it. And it probably feels good and yea it boosts your confidence up a bit. So what? Your money your choice. I see nothing wrong with it. If you don’t work hard or you think you do for whatever reason and you decided to buy it. Bad choice. But again your money your choice. Do you.
  5. @baze3SC [1 likes]: Ironically, wealthy people tend to have a better understanding of the value of money. Plus, they rarely feel the need to flaunt their wealth. It’s typically lower-middle-class individuals who believe that purchasing overpriced items is a shortcut to happiness or higher social status.
  6. @Silverripples [1 likes]: luxury is just a label,  nowadays items adhere to at least a minimum of quality or otherwise they would not survive in todays market,.a 1000 dollar bag is better than a 5 dollar one but never better than a 70 dollar bag. There is a price and quality turn point and there it is nonsense to spent more. A rolex is a watch that tells you time, a timex does the same, it is its functionality in the end, otherwise it is just posing for the person.
  7. @mazharali1181 [1 likes]: Human psychology is insane 😳
  8. @FlawlessMotivations12: That's why I want to kill all hooomans by 2028 🤨🤨
  9. @MioYuki: I have low self-esteem and I'm not buying those stupid things
  10. @professionalboycottservice7872: Spending 10000 on whiskey or wine is the dumbest money move. Spending luxury is better on things you cannot eat and shit.
  11. @professionalboycottservice7872: I only have iPhone 8 plus. Not into electronics. I love bags.
  12. @garyh.2487: Happiness is being irrational.
  13. @Ricoposole91: If you can afford luxury items go for it, but that means you have your investments and they are generating income for your luxuries. If you’re buying items on credit cards and payments that means you can’t afford it
  14. @Ricoposole91: If you can afford luxury items go for it, but that means you have your investments and they are generating income for your luxuries. If you’re buying items on credit cards and payments that means you can’t afford it

- Green With Envy | Reading Reddit Stories: Kind: captions Language: en - Welcome to "Smosh Reads Reddit Stories." I'm Shane, and today's theme is jealousy. And I'm joined by two people that I am jealous of. - Oh! - What? You have Courtney? - Just kidding. Oh, they're jealous of me. - Yeah, right, exactly. - There it is. Jealousy. Are you guys jealous people? Do you ever deal with jealousy? - You go. - I would. Okay, so I want to say no. I do want to say no, but I have to say, yeah. (Shane laughing) Just actually not with like wins and acting stuff. I'm really good about that. I'm like, I'm glad you got that. Even if I was up for the same part, I'm like, I feel happiness instead of like, I should have gotten it instead. - Sure. - Yeah. What's the difference between envious and jealous? - Jealousy is the fear of losing something in a situation because of someone else possibly. Whereas envy is going, oh, I wish I had what they had. - Right. - I think in a lot of those situations, I don't think I'm the jealous type too much. I definitely felt a lot of envy throughout my life, but I think that's very common in acting. Because we're an industry where it's like people just get a role that you want and it's, you know, it's just an interesting career in that way, but jealousy in relationships, I don't think I ever really, like, I'm not threatened by someone. Right? 'Cause I guess I've always had the thought of like, if someone's going to, you know, leave you or cheat on you or something, I'm like, there's nothing I can do about it. - You know, there are the moments where emotions feel like they're high and it's like, wait, I'm maybe threatened or feeling a little bit concerned. But then exactly that, that feeling of, hold on. If they are actually interested in somebody else or if they're even like going so far as to like pursue them. There's nothing really that I can do. - Jealousy definitely seems to pertain in relationships because your fear of losing your partner. - Right? But envy seems to be more the case with anything career related. - I think so. Or just outside of romantic relationships. - Okay, here we go. Our first story comes from relationship advice. - Okay. - This is a 37-year-old man writing in, why is my wife, 30-year-old woman, jealous that my ex-wife has found love. I don't know what else to add to the title. My wife is kind of obsessed stalking and following my ex-wife since she told us that she was engaged. Apparently my ex has been seeing this guy for a while, but since she's a mom, she didn't wanna make it official until everything is serious so as not to confuse the children. My wife is in shock and her first reaction to the news is, who is this loser then? But the new guy seems really nice and instead of being glad that at least her stepchildren would have a good man in their mother's life, my wife is very irritated and angry. I would even say jealous. She isn't following my ex on Instagram, so she can't follow the relationship. So she sent the new guy a follow request. I confronted her and she denied being jealous or obsessive. I told her that we should be happy since my children will have to live with this man. And it is a good thing that he is good to their mother and that she's in a happy relationship. It benefits everyone. She asked me who in his right mind would want her? I was surprised because why would she not think any human, let alone someone like my ex is worth love. I told her probably plenty would because she is a kind and pleasant person. All hell broke loose and she started calling my ex names. Can anyone help me out here? - This is interesting. - My first-- - My first inclination is like, I wanna know what the other guy's deal is. Okay, let me explain this. - Let's hear it. - If he's hotter or more successful, I'd be like, (beep) she went up, she upgraded and I'm stuck with the schlub that's my husband. No, that's my inclination. Just because it's in jealousy. So I'm like looking at a lens through jealousy. She's like, and maybe she knows stories about her hurting the husband, so she just wants the worst for her. - Maybe that, yeah. - It could be that almost like a sort of like protectiveness in a way or anger off of whatever happened between their relationship. I am suspecting that a lot of these stories are going to be related to insecurity. - Oh, totally. - You know, which a lot of that derives from. It's like, 'cause people that are completely content and at peace with themselves are so often not jealous of other people. Or envious because they're like at peace and they're good. And it seems like this situation kind of screams to me like she is maybe not super happy or she feels like she has to win. And so she's in competition with this ex-wife and now that the ex-wife has found happiness, she's not happy with it and is reacting in some sort of way of like, no, she can't have this. And I love the point of like the husband being happy because his kids are gonna get another great figure in their life. That makes so much sense. But she for some reason isn't able to see that because she's caught up in her own tiff with this ex-wife who again, there's definitely a lot of context missing. - Yeah, it's interesting 'cause like, you know, I hear about people being jealous of their ex or like caring about their ex's life, but it's interesting that she is obsessed with her partner's ex. - That's weird. - That's a lot because I'm assuming, you know, a lot of time has had to have passed by this point. I mean, she's clearly comparing herself to his ex and maybe it's that the ex is doing so well. Maybe she's worried that he'll see how well she's doing. It seems that all hell broke loose once he said no, she's a kind and pleasant person. - It's like, oh, his ex has her life together. And so she's doing really well. So she's maybe like, oh no. Will this make him want her more now that she's with someone else? Maybe not like, kind of that type of thinking. - Totally. Totally. - Because maybe that would be her logic. - So she's putting her logic on his. She's definitely insecure. - Oof. - When I start talking to a boy, I'm gonna look up every ex you've ever had. - Really? - I'm gonna look him up and I'm gonna on LinkedIn, on Instagram, like, I wanna know everything. - Interesting. - Yeah I guess for me, it's kind of like a, it's like the pain that I wanna feel, you know? - I want to hurt today. - I wanna hurt myself. Tell me how you guys met. You know, and it's like, it hurts, but I wanna know. - I get that. - So I think, I think for me it's in a way kind of like a guilty pleasure thing. I don't think I obsess over it in that way 'cause I also try to just be like, that was a different time and space. And almost everybody has exes and so when I put myself in the shoes of my partner and then I think of my ex, I'm just kind of like, wait, there's no competition there. I'm not thinking about my ex like that. - I guess what's tough with this one is they have kids, so it's not like she's completely out of his life. - They do probably see each other. They're both parents to the same children. - That adds another element. But you still, I mean, come on, you have no choice but to kind of get over it or you can't be in this relationship if this is gonna eat at you like this it seems. - Yeah, I bet she thinks of the kids a lot in the way of like, that's a leg up that that woman has on me. - Oh, I didn't even think about that. - Comments on this, in her head, your ex-wife is a hag that couldn't keep her husband. She thinks she's the upgrade, someone falling in love with and committing to your ex doesn't fit her narrative. Your ex was meant to grow old and alone in her mind. Your new wife isn't a good person. - Mm. - Someone said, if this is true, this is wild behavior. You seem healthy and well adjusted at least, the only thing I can think of is if she has some irrational need to feel superior to your ex-wife, maybe she's in constant competition with her. Someone said OP commented that his wife was a colleague at the time of his divorce. He fell out of love with his ex and in love with her, but didn't consider the relationship cheating because it wasn't physical. OP's wife played the long game, but has been in competition with his ex the entire time. And OP never noticed. It's been a feather in her cap since she won him. And now that the ex moved on, she has to know that she got the better man. - Yep. my immediate thought when reading this was OP's wife was the other woman. Good to know that my instincts are correct. - Yes, I was thinking that. - Interesting element. I did not think about that. - Wait, what? - So OP's wife, the 30-year-old woman who's jealous in this story, she was the other woman, so he basically kind of cheated on his ex-wife with her, it's sounding like, like an emotional affair with her. So now that the ex-wife has moved on and stuff, she's like, I'm not winning anymore. I won. - Totally. - So it's also like that weird, not fetish, but it's just like that weird, like some people like the danger of it. And when the danger is gone when I'm not the other woman. When I'm the woman. - Or the power of it all. - I shouldn't say woman when I'm the other person in the relationship. It's not the primary partner. - But that makes so much sense. It's like it began as this like chase of like, oh, I need him to choose me outside of his marriage. And now that he's done that. There's this again, like whole story that she's built up in her head. - It makes me question how long this relationship has been going on. You know, if it's only been a year or so. She's his affair partner. This has all happened, but now it's like, okay, well now you're just in a relationship. And now it's not exciting to her anymore. So she's gonna move on. Probably cheat on him. - To someone else - And finding that thrill in stalking the ex. Today's Reddit stories is brought to you by Hungry Root. Spring is here, and if you're like me, it means your schedule is starting to get packed between balancing work, spring cleaning, spring travel, or just hanging out with your friends on the weekend. It's sometimes hard to make it to the grocery store. That's why I've turned to Hungry Root. Hungry Root recommends healthy groceries that align with your taste, nutrition preferences and health goals, from gluten-free and dairy-free to high protein, anti-inflammatory, gut-friendly and more. Some of my favorite items from my box this month were the banana organic dark chocolate banana bites and the new Primal Buffalo chicken jerky stick. When I opened the box, I saw that chicken jerky stick and I tore it into that immediately. Then I had those banana bites all week. And I love eating a snack that I know is just like fruit. I'm like, this is healthy for me and it's delicious. It's just awesome. I love Hungry Root. Take advantage of this exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box, plus get a free item in every box for life. Go to hungry root.com/pitreddit and use code PITREDDIT. That's hungryroot.com/pitreddit, code PITREDDIT to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life. Hungryroot.com/pitreddit, code PITREDDIT. Back to the show. Okay, our next story. This comes from TrueOffMyChest. I was once again left outta my daughter's birthday pictures and I'm done talking to my husband about it. - Oh no. - This is sad. - Pretty much as the title says, my daughter turned five in the middle of last week, but yesterday we had her birthday party. We had it at the local trampoline park since that's her favorite place right now. Because of my husband's work schedule, I did the majority of the planning. He did contribute financially, but I planned the theme, made the party reservation, ordered the cake, made the party favors, et cetera. My daughter is a huge daddy's girl and thus he is the favorite parent. She's only five, so I don't hold it against her by any means, but it still definitely hurts. For health reasons, I can't jump with my daughter, but my husband was, they both had a great time and so did the other kids that were there. But just like previous years, I'm the one behind the camera. I take all the pictures every year and I'm not in any of them. I've spoken to my husband about my feelings before, but all I get are empty promises of how he will do better. Last year we rented a room at the local conference center for her party and I asked my grandmother to take pictures of me and my husband holding our child while we sang Happy Birthday and cut the cake. Instead of pictures, she took a video. Once again, no pictures of me, call me old fashioned, but I like printing pictures for photo albums and I can't exactly print off a video. So another year of no pictures. After yesterday's party, we decided to take her gifts home rather than open them at the party. The kids had a very limited time at the park, so rather than spend 20 minutes opening presents, we figured it would be better to take them home and open them there so the kids had more time to play. Even while opening presents, I was behind the camera. My husband didn't think once that I should be in any of them. By the end of the day, I was very upset and I'll give my husband credit for knowing where I am. But then again, I wasn't really hiding it. I went to say goodnight to my daughter because I had to be up early the next day, he followed me to talk to me. He said, what's wrong? What did I do? I just looked at him and said, it's what you didn't do for the third year in a row. I went to the bedroom and he didn't follow me. I'm just done. I'm so sick of his empty promises of doing better, besides little things like this, he's a good husband and an amazing father, but it genuinely feels like there are times when he doesn't think about me at all. And if anyone thinks, well, why don't you just ask him to take pictures? I shouldn't have to. I'd like to think that my husband would want pictures of me and our child together. The last picture I remember him taking of me and our daughter was in a restaurant on my 29th birthday and I asked him to take it. I'm so tired of this. At any time I could get sick or be in an accident and die, and the only pictures my daughter will have of me will be selfies I've taken, none of me on her birthdays or even holidays. Because of our crazy schedules, I won't see my husband again until next Sunday unless he stays up all night to see me in the AM which he sometimes does. Part of me wants to text him and lay it all out again, but the majority of my thoughts is to just give up on it. I told my husband it's the third year in a row, but it's probably been more than that. I don't recall seeing any pictures of me and her on her birthday or me even being in the background. I'm just so hurt and tired of it. Thanks for reading. - I'm like, pull yourself together. What? - Yeah, I think I've got it. - I think I see a lot of elements of this 'cause clearly it hurts her. She tells him after the fact every birthday of like, can you get photos of me? And he's like, oh yeah, for sure. I will. - Next year. - 365 days from that. And then he doesn't, and it just sounds like he's a little like, just not the type to think about it, but I also understand she's hurt that she's like, I don't want to have to ask. Like, I want you to care for me and take photos of me because you know how important this is to me, but you're not doing it. However, out of all this, she's talking about like, it seems like in her quest to prove a point to him that she's correct in, she's not getting photos with her daughter on her birthday. And that matters to her so much. It sounds like she's giving up a little quickly. The grandma took a video, it's like, okay, you got a video. She could have just handed the phone back and been like, can you also get some photos? - This one I think about a lot. 'Cause in my family, my mom loves photos and the majority of my family, otherwise we just don't take photos. Like, I'm really bad with taking photos. My brothers are too. Like, we just don't think about it. But my mom is just like, okay, we're getting a photo. First thing we're doing when we all get together on Sunday, we're getting a photo. And it's like, all right, okay, we'll get a photo. Like, all right, we're doing it. Like she, it matters to her and like, we know that, so we're gonna do that. - That part of it just like truly cracks me up that she finally was like, okay, grandma, like here you take the photo and then grandma hands it back and she goes, it's a video. - I do think she's doing a little bit of the like martyrdom here where she's like, well, I guess I just won't be in any photos. It's like, hey, like I understand it sucks, I'm not disregarding that your husband should be taking photos of you and your daughter. He needs to realize it's important to you. - And it should also be important to him to have photos of you. Like, I agree with that, but giving up. And being like, well, I guess there just won't be any photos of me when I die. It's like, okay, well that sucks for you too. Don't self-sacrifice because your husband's forgetting this. - Yeah, it's clear to me that there is a hypersensitivity toward her taking photos. And we don't know where that comes from, but she's clearly finding great value and importance in this and for that, I understand. - And I feel like the more, she's in a prison of her own making. Like the more she pours into this idea, she's like purposely making it harder. She's like looking at all the ways that he will mess up. - She's looking for ways that he's going to fail. Well, if you start filtering the world in how is this going to happen? It's going to start happening the way you want it to happen. If I'm looking for all the ways, how is he really doing well? How is he being a really good husband? If she filters through that, she's gonna start seeing all the ways that he's coming through for her and thinking about her. - And it feels like she even like wrote some of that. - She did. - Like, she talked about him like staying up all night to see her. Like he sometimes does, I'm like, that's incredible. - There's stories where it's like, I can tell your husband or the wife is doing a bunch of disrespect across the board and here's an instance where it's the tipping point. This doesn't read like that. This reads like they are in a marriage that they don't want to get out of. It's this one thing that she's just so mad about. - A hundred percent. - Because otherwise she's not saying he sucks all the time. She's like, this one thing I want him to do that he's not doing. - But I think I can be empathetic toward the idea that it is so crucial to her. - Like it's kind of, it seems silly to be like, you know, I want him to just want photos of us. Like, you know, you can't really control people like that. And you can't be like, well, why don't you want that? But what you can do is communicate and be like, this is really important to me. - And it is important that he learns that as you were saying. I think how she's going about this is like, not the right way. You know, it's like, okay, get the photos, you want these photos, get them. If you have to do it yourself, you have to do it yourself. And then after the fact though, tell him be like, it really hurts me when you don't like, take photos. - Yes. - Communicate that. - I just feel like she's not being vigilant enough about getting the photos in the first place. Just tell him, - I know. - Frank. Can you come take a photo of me and our daughter? And unfortunately that's it. - The way this is written, the way she's like talking about this, it makes me wonder how she's communicating this to him. Is it communicating and I mean, you do have to be very straightforward with people. And depending on the person, but you have to go and go, hey, it would mean so much to me if you take photos of me without me asking. It hurts me when you don't take photos 'cause it makes me feel invisible. It makes me feel like you're not thinking about me. Instead of, it could be like delivered as in wow, it really sucks. I guess I don't have any photos of myself this year. - Again. - Rooted in that sort of bitterness and resentment of not having the photos. - Because some people just do not pick up on things. 'Cause she might say that and he goes, oh, that sucks. - I'll make sure next year I get some photos. - And it's a quick passing by. - Next year rolls around. He's just at the trampoline place not thinking. - Right, right. - He's jumping on trampolines. - Like I think this is also like, it brings up like love languages and stuff and clearly like I think acts of service matter to her and they may not matter. Like they may not be something he thinks about with him. My love language is photos. - I want photos. - I did the test, my love language is selfies. - No, not the selfies, those aren't enough. She has those. - But you know, he's staying up all night. She says he stays up all night sometimes to see me. - And it's like, so quality time might matter to him and like I said, she's not writing this like, I hate my husband. He sucks. - It's this one thing. - Comments on this. Your feelings are valid but you kind of cut off your nose to spite your face here. You should have insisted on some photos. Sure, you should not have to ask, but the end result is no photos and you can't take that back. Someone else said, yeah, it truly sucks to have to outright ask your partner to do something that you are already doing for them. But I've discussed this with my therapist before and for things like this, sometimes the only way to actually get what you want is to be direct. If it was me, I'd stop my SO during the party, hand him my phone and directly tell him to take some photos of me and my child together. I totally get OP's frustration. But it's better she be direct and ask than miss out on any more photos with her child because her husband doesn't take the initiative. Someone else said, this absolutely sucks and your husband needs to be better. I will suggest taking screenshots from the video of you and your daughter and printing them out. A lot of times videos actually look better photo wise. I hope your husband starts respecting you more. OP said thank you. I'll try to do that later. Hopefully the quality is good enough for me to get a couple of pictures. - I don't know about this quality being better. I think grandma got on there and commented. Grandma's like, I need a word. It was in 0.5 too. There's the element too of like the possible jealousy of like the daughter really seemed to be a daddy's girl. Like to spend time with the dad. I just feel like I understand. - I forgot about the theme too. - I forgot it was jealousy. So yeah, you're absolutely right. Good one Shane. Hey, that's why you're in that seat. - Also probably jealousy there. But I mean she, well what she's also is jealous of just, there's all these photos and I'm not in the photos, but I understand what she wants and I've done it before where it's like, yeah, you screw yourself over in the hopes that it's like, well they're gonna learn their lesson eventually, they're gonna go, oh man, we don't have any photos of you. And be like, yeah, 'cause you never took them. And now you learned your lesson. It's like, cool, well you're not in any photos in the process of this too. - Yes, it's like you think you're gonna have this huge impact because of your feelings. It's like when you're mad at someone and you just like kind of shut down. You're like, you don't actually deserve my personality anymore. And it's like you're just doing that to yourself and now you're just upset. And everyone else is kind of like, what's going on with you? - Update. Before I dive into the update, there are some comments that were made that I wanna address. Many pointed out that my husband is probably just someone who wants to live in the moment and I a hundred percent agree. The biggest reason I was hurt was because of how many times I've spoken to him about my feelings and his constant promises to do better. However, like many said, he probably just doesn't think about it at the time. I don't think he does it on purpose or doesn't do it outta spite. He's probably having too much fun with our daughter and forgets and I shouldn't have let it get to me too much. I still think I shouldn't have to ask, but we clearly have different views when it comes to special occasions. He wants to live in the moment and I wanna preserve the moments. With that said, please know that I don't constantly have a camera in my hand. I just use my phone to snap pictures every so often. I put the phone down so I can enjoy my daughter's parties and family gatherings too. I just wanted him to do the same for me on occasion. Many have said to just take selfies of me and her and I do. I take a lot of them. I would just like pictures others have taken as well or even just pictures of me there where I'm not necessarily posing, just pictures of me playing with her or hanging out at the party with family and friends. Many suggested hiring a photographer. - That's what I was about to say. I was like, why don't we just hire? - But that's not something we can really afford. But hopefully with our talk, we won't even need to consider it. Anyway, onto the update. My husband and I spoke last night when I don't have work the next day, I stay up late so I can spend some time with him and I wanted us to finally talk. When he came home, we sat down. He says he still didn't fully understand what he did wrong and I told him again how I wasn't in any pictures and how I have talked to him about this many times. I did say that I understand he was someone who lives more in the moment, but I just wanted to have proof that I was there too, that I was present at her parties and for her to have memories of me there. Our daughter is only five and she won't remember her parties or holidays from when she was younger. As she gets older, I know she will know I was there, but I also want her to see me in her younger years as she grows up. There were some tears and we apologized to each other. He promised again to do better, but I'm not gonna lie, I'll believe it when I see it as he said that before. LOL, and I promise to be more understanding of his values, going forward, I'll ask family and friends to help take pictures so there are also more photos to save and not just mine. And yes, as many said, there'll be times where I just flat out ask him to take pictures. Thank you again to everyone who commented on my last post. I appreciate the support and also the comments that made some great points about how each of us have different perspectives and I need to be more understanding of his values and not just mine. - Wonderful. I think that's great. - That was perfect. - I truly, I think she is valid in what she's feeling. And I just think that it's different priorities. I'm so glad that they had that conversation. That sounds like a really heartfelt and productive moment for them. - They talked. - And I will say about the hiring a photographer and like just hand the phone, can you help me for two minutes? Can you take a couple candid photos? - And Grandma didn't succeed. - Why are you giving it to Grandma? Don't give the phone to Grandma. - She's like, I got it. I don't know what, if you need photos taken, do not hand it to an old person. - Ever. No, literally. Because then they go it's a video. - You truly better off handing it to a five-year-old, like hand it to anyone but the old lady. - Oh my God. - Crazy. - Even though you could also get some really funny photos and content out of that. - There's plenty of stuff. - If you want some genuinely good photos, hand it to a younger person. - Or the timer feature anybody? - Boom. - But she didn't want selfies. She wanted candid. - No, no, no, no. Timers aren't selfies Shane, let me teach you right here. You gotta like set it up and you do like the three seconds or the 10 seconds. - I know but it's still a posed picture. She wants people taking photos of her while she's unaware. - Oh. - That's what candid is. - Oh, that's what she wants. - She said that in there. I don't want just posed, I want some. - I see, I see. - She wants it happening while she's not asking for it. - Gotcha. Gotcha. - And I get that 'cause those are like genuine moments. Candids are so good. - Great, great, great. - I definitely feel bad 'cause Courtney is someone who takes tons of like candid photos. She's very good about it. And I'm horrible about it. I don't think about pulling out my phone to take photos. And I feel really bad about it. So sometimes when I do, I'm like, oh, like I feel bad. She doesn't have as many 'cause like she takes tons of like candid photos of me. I feel like the majority of photos of me are on Courtney's phone. - Because I don't even take photos of myself ever. Today's Reddit Stories is also brought to you by Audible, if you're craving your next action-packed Adventure, Audible delivers thrills of every kind on your command. From electrifying suspense and daring quests, spine tingling horror, and romance in far off realms, Audible has something for everyone. Additionally, Audible offers not only thousands of titles to choose from, but also podcasts and exclusive Audible originals. And what I love about Audible is that the app makes it easy to listen anytime, anywhere, you can listen in the car, while doing chores, during your workouts, you name it. I've listened to so many audiobooks on Audible. A few of my favorites are Filter World by Kyle Chayka that I just recently finished. And my overall favorite is, I'm Glad My Mom Died by Jeanette McCurdy, which was really cool to listen to because it's narrated by Jeanette herself. Start your adventure today. Audible members can keep one title a month to keep from the entire catalog. New members can try Audible now free for 30 days and dive into a world of new thrills. Visit audible.com/srrs or text SRRS to 500-500. That's audible.com/srrs or text SRRS to 500-500 to try audible free for 30 days. Audible. There is more to imagine when you listen. Our next story comes from, am I the asshole? Am I the asshole for calling my sister a jealous hag because she got judgy over my husband making me an Easter basket. I believe as of this airing Easter is tomorrow. - So he has not risen. - He has not, he has not rised yet. - He has not. - My husband and I do Easter baskets for one another and this year he gave me mine early since I'll be gone. In the basket was the usual, dark chocolate bunny, Starburst jelly beans, and then some Swifty stuff from Etsy, a fidget toy. And really surprisingly, he got me three full bottles of perfume that were on my wishlist. - Cutie. - Hundred Silent Ways, Bianca Latte and Oriana. I was shocked because that's a big spend. I was over the moon and took a pic and posted it to my Insta story. The next day my sister came over, I'd left my basket on the table and she poked through it and took some jelly beans and then made a comment asking me if my husband had stepped out on me or something and was trying to make it up to me. I was like, no, of course not. Why would she say that? She asked why he'd go all out like this then, and how it must be nice to have all this extra money to spend when everyone around us is struggling. Oh, it must be nice to have such a picture perfect marriage. I was really taken aback and asked her what her issue is. She was like, most women I know can't even get their husbands to fill a Christmas stocking for them and you're out here bragging about yours and shoving it in everyone's faces. I'll be lucky if I get a card on my birthday. I told her to stop blaming me because she chose to marry a thoughtless man. - Oh no, that's an overstep. - That she had the choice to marry someone who did nice things for her and she chose to marry a man who doesn't help around the house, buy her flowers, et cetera, and not be a pissy jealous hag because she chose to settle for less. - Oh yes. - This set her off and she started arguing with me more, telling me that I'm (beep) up for calling her a jealous hag when there's nothing to be jealous of. More like embarrassed that it's 2024 and I'm acting like life is a rom-com. That the fact that I even listened to Taylor Swift is proof that I need to grow up. I told her to just get out and double down on her being a pissy jealous hag. Now that I'm on the other side of the country for work, I feel like maybe I was over the top in calling her a jealous hag. You're just jealous is the most annoying comeback in the world and I used it on my own sister. She also typically texts me throughout her day and she hasn't sent me anything since then, which means she's definitely still pissed. Am I the asshole? - No, she's a jealous hag. - You didn't need hag. - You didn't need hag, but sorry. She was being a jealous hag. - She was being jealous. I didn't get hag. - I was getting pissy though. - Hags can be extremely powerful. - Yes, they're curses. - They're curses. They can be very powerful. They're a formidable opponent. - It was a compliment. - It was actually, I meant it as a compliment. - I was trying to say something nice. - I meant that you're cursed. That's such a wild statement. Like to see like a really kind gift to be like, so did he like cheat on you? - Yeah, what? - Damn bro. - And also what if life was a rom-com. And sorry, was life a rom-com and now it's not because it's 2024. What does that mean? - I'm not saying she's wrong or not, but if someone said something of that, especially like a brother or sister, they said all of that shit of that nature, I think my response would be like, is everything okay? - Like did your husband cheat on you? Whoa, I'm feeling some projection here. - She can't even get a birthday card is what she said. So clearly she's unhappy. - Damn. - She's 100% projecting and yes, maybe not a hag, but 100% jealous. - Yeah, I mean she is being jealous. - Or envious. Yes. - Absolutely in this situation. And she's saying really mean things. - 100% - Out of thin air where it's not necessary at all. I also, I can understand the hag if this is a series of a pattern. If she's probably been dealing with this, this is her sister. They text all day every day, she's saying. This has probably been behavior that's been going on for a long time. - Then that happens. - Did she say it was older or younger? - I'm assuming older 'cause she's a hag. - Oh, I was assuming younger. Because she was acting like a hag. - She was acting like a hag. I don't actually know. It doesn't say, but. - Just with the power dynamic, I guess it goes either way too. - I guess my thought always is with like with siblings-- - Especially sisters. - As sisters is I'm like, okay, it doesn't matter necessarily to me if you're an asshole or not. It's just like, what do you want to happen? Because by calling your sister a hag, it can't just end there. You gotta, if this is someone you're, if you're planning on cutting her outta your life, you can say whatever you want to her, but if you guys are gonna maintain a relationship for the rest of your life, like you're gonna have to resolve every argument and everything you say to each other. So like, are you trying to make the situation more intense or are you trying to like, that's why I'm not saying she's wrong for calling her a hag as much as I'm like, eventually do you want your sister to not be this way to you? So I like call her out on that behavior. Calling her out on her behavior is totally warranted, but also being like, why are you saying these things? - It certainly seems like a quick response. She was obviously just reacting out of anger because clearly her sister threw the first punch, so to speak. - She immediately saw this basket. What I'm getting from it is that she was like, oh my gosh, like I wish my husband would do something like this. Like he would never, and it's sort of like, well, I need to protect myself and convince myself that this isn't what I want. By being like, ew. Who would want this? - And bring her sister down, which affected her sister obviously and made her be like, why aren't you supporting me? You pissy jealous hag. And jumped in there and kind of attacked her like that and clearly, it seems like she's not a bad person. She's like feeling regret for saying that stuff. She's guilty. - Of course, of course. - But she was being jealous and I think she did deserve to be called out on that front. - Definitely. - Absolutely. I do think in these situations when someone's acting irrationally or saying really jealous things or really like cruel or just like out of pocket stuff, I do think questions disarm the situation so much better. And I think you can still get that satisfaction of kinda like, if you wanna dunk on them, you can still get it by just throwing a question back at them. It's just like, sometimes it's as simple as like, why would you say something like that? - That's brilliant. - And it's just like well I don't know then, I can't get my husband to do this. It's like, why do you think that is? Like just if you ask these questions, she's gonna have to admit she's already kind of admitting her situation sucks. But the verdict was not the asshole. Comments. Not the asshole for calling her out on her jealousy as she was the one who made an issue where one didn't exist and then attacked you by trying to say that your taste in music made you immature. Different people have different budgets and therefore different lifestyles. That's just the way things are, where you are kind of the asshole is when you commented on her relationship with her husband, is the guy truly thoughtless or did you just irrationally lash out because your sister was being aggressive? If she and her husband can't afford lavish gifts, that doesn't mean that what they do get is any less meaningful. - Hmm. - That's also true. She was also like, oh, it's not my fault you married a thoughtless man. - Which was fire, - Like throwing it. Well look, if I'm watching Bridgerton, I'm like, hell yeah. - You're like, yeah, you wait. - I feel like asking questions. I feel like she was already saying that like she's offended by you confirming what she was already saying. It's like I can't get my husband to do this. It's like, well you married a thoughtless guy. It's like, how dare you. - That's what you just said. - But that is a fair argument though that like that's just assuming like just because he is not giving you gifts doesn't mean that he's a bad husband. Like there's clearly hopefully other qualities that are redeemable in him. - And it goes back to love languages too. - OP responded to that saying, hi, I wanted to respond to this because I wanna make it clear that I don't say these things because he isn't spending tons of money on lavish gifts for her. I get why there's hesitance over me naming the perfumes, but I thought it would be useful context. I hope my explanation helps. It's not about the money but about the effort and attention. My sister's husband does not pay attention to what she likes or dislikes in terms of gifts, if he even remembers to get her things. He gives her very generic things that he probably finds on lists of 30 gifts for wives and it's often stuff she doesn't like. She has complained about it for years and nothing ever changes because at his core he doesn't care. She'll go out of her way to make stockings for him and the kids, but she doesn't get that effort returned. Aw. - She heard us and said no, he sucks. - No, I'm sorry, he's a piece of shit. - Someone else asked Easter baskets for adults. Never heard of it. No Shade. OP says, I don't think it's that common, but my mom always did it for my dad and they have a really good and fun marriage. It's always been just really silly stuff dressed up in the old baskets we have. One year, my mom didn't realize when Easter was and ended up giving my dad stuff from the pantry he forgot about and he was over the moon because he didn't know we had beef jerky left. LOL. - That's so sweet. - That's very sweet. Please say update. - No update. - Don't. - I don't think there's much. - There's not much to update. - Well I wanna know if the sister's like bitch, and coming back, you know? - The sister needs to realize the villain here is her husband. - That's juicy. - That is the case. The sister's getting mad at OP, but the real problem is her husband is a piece of shit. - Is he a piece of shit? - The OP was just like he's not really like thinking about her like at all. - Well 'cause he's the Easter bunny. He has Easter to think about. - There you go. He's got a bunch of eggs to deliver up in their basket. - Bet you didn't think about that. I, a 28-year-old man am considering leaving my girlfriend who's 29 after she catfished me as a prank. - Okay, I'm kind of in. - I'm very much in. - Okay, so OP's girlfriend catfished him as a prank. - Me and my girlfriend have been together for two years. I've always thought she was very sweet and kind and I really appreciate how much she loves me and while she sometimes got a little jealous, I didn't think it was a big deal. Hell maybe I even enjoyed being doted on like that. It made me feel really attractive, which I never really felt I was. Recently, we attended a work event organized by my company and we met one of my coworkers there. She works at a different branch and we hardly ever talk outside of work emails and calls, but we get along well enough. This event was my girlfriend's first and only time meeting this coworker. On the way back from the event and the following day, my girlfriend was acting a little weird. She kept asking me about a work wife and asking if I thought that coworker was pretty and other stuff about her. I knew my girlfriend could get kind of jealous and I did my best to calm her down. No, that woman isn't my work wife. I don't follow her on any socials. I don't even have her personal phone number. I don't think she's more beautiful than my girlfriend and I am happy with my girlfriend, et cetera. She seemed to relax and things got back to normal. A few weeks later out of nowhere, I got a follow request on IG. My account is private, from my coworker. I approved and followed back. Her account is also private. That account was almost nothing but a few pictures of her in swimsuits uploaded very recently. It didn't look like anything overtly sexy, just normal vacation pics. But there was nothing but vacation pics. It seemed weird, but I didn't really care. Then a few days later she DMed me on IG. It was just small talk and I replied, but it wasn't flirty or anything in my opinion. She kept reaching out every few days and eventually it did seem to get kind of flirty. I told her this felt inappropriate and I was in a relationship and I'd appreciate if we kept things professional, which she seemed okay with. My girlfriend seemed extra affectionate the days after that and while I didn't suspect anything at the time, you can all probably see exactly where this is going. Still, at the time I was happy and my girlfriend even seemed to be better regarding her jealousy. But then last week I got a follow recommendation on my IG. It was my coworker's account. This one wasn't private and was just a normal IG account and looking through it, that was where those swimsuit picks came from. Here they were, just a part of her normal IG account, which contained mostly normal picks and not just swimsuit ones. Then I put two and two together. Before confronting my girlfriend, I talked to that coworker at work and asked for her IG account and she gave me her normal one, which I followed and indeed she gave no indication that we ever interacted on IG before. So it became clear I was being catfished. I confronted my girlfriend then and at first when I was trying to be subtle, she denied everything outright. Then she shifted to gaslighting me about it and saying it was just a prank or that it was a test or that because she was cheated on before, she just needed to know that she could trust me. I told her that her being able to trust me was great, but how am I supposed to trust her now? She said that made no sense and kept deflecting no matter how I tried to explain going so far as to question how I even knew it was her, if I wasn't cheating on her with my coworker, I told her that this was unfair and manipulative and that I needed some time and went home. She's been texting and calling since saying that I'm ruining a great relationship over nothing. I'm overreacting and that when I finally realize how much she loves me, it might be too late and it's not fair for me to throw everything we built over some skank, but that just feels incredibly manipulative to me and like she doesn't get what she did wrong at all. So I'm conflicted between wanting to just cut and run and giving it another go. After all we've been happy together for two years, but also can trust be rebuilt after something like this? - A second jealous hag. - Shamed. I'm like, I'm like. - Okay, all right. Pulling something out. Okay. And you got oh, throwing it out the window. - Taking out the trash bitch. - Wow. - Gotta get in the cabinet. - The new one. - Put the coworker in there. - Unfortunately, (beep) is a little obvious. - (beep) off. She's gotta go. - Unhinged behavior. And just, it continued to get worse. The gaslighting, the being like, well, it was a test. It was a prank. I actually just needed to make sure because I'd been cheated on. - You're gonna miss me. I'm the best thing that's ever gonna come to you. - Bye. - I'm gonna lie to you. I'm gonna test you without you knowing. I'm gonna pretend to be people I'm not. I'm gonna make your relationship with your coworker possibly weird. - And let's like think about that for a second of like creating an Instagram account for someone else. Going on their profile. Finding like the scandalous swimsuit pictures. - Finding only the swimsuit photos. - And then the fall and then the, every few days, the small talk until it eventually gets flirty. Do you have a job? - Or a hobby. - Or anything. - It's a lot of time. - Effort. - It would be like, okay, the trust is broken, the lying, all this stuff. But at the end of the day also, it's like you're also kind of a loser. - And I have the ick because you're a loser. - Big ick. Big ick. Because you're crazy town. - And it's like what was best case scenario? Like you catch, or I guess she, that was best case scenario is that she doesn't. - Yeah, I mean, but I've said it before, like, to me, like the cheating, the worst part of cheating is like the lying and stuff. And by catfishing him, it's not much different in a way. - Also, it's such an invasion. She knows how to flirt with him. She's his partner. She knows exactly what to say. She already did it once. - It's awful. - That is so awful. - It's twisted. - It's really twisted. - Like the logic of putting all that together and just thinking, I'm not doing anything wrong because I'm about to catch him doing something wrong possibly. - Yeah, possibly. - It's also the thing of she's like, well, I trust you now, I don't believe this is where this behavior ends. Dude, if you keep dating her, she's gonna do this again. Those feelings aren't just gone forever. She has trust issues and that's a thing she's gotta deal with. She has to reckon with that herself. - It's not gonna be solved in this kind of manner. - The next woman he meets, she's gonna have to do this again. He's gonna get follow requests on IG every year. - Well that too. Now she's given, she's distributed her trust issues. Now this man also is gonna have to face some of that, you know? - Oh my god. - No. And like her calling of the coworker a skank. It's like, okay, whoa, you don't even know, like this lady didn't do anything. - Just breathed. - Truly did nothing. - But be kind. That's it. it's not even someone he's like close with. - They didn't even even follow each other on Instagram. - They literally, I don't even really know this person. - And it's like, okay. So God forbid you actually are friendly with someone. God forbid you actually like someone you work with. As a friend, he's not gonna be able to associate with any women like ever with this girlfriend. - Skank is way worse than hag though. - You think so? - Oh, I would rather be called a skank than a hag. - Yeah, absolutely. - A hag. I'd just be like, all right, move on. Skank, I'd be like you've disrespected me. Well for sure. I couldn't forgive someone after they breached my trust like this. The fact that she did this with no care for the consequences too. You could have potentially reported your colleague to HR shows incredibly poor judgment as well as all the obvious other problems with this. This is likely not the only unhinged thing she's done in your relationship and it won't be the last. OP said, I don't think she ever did anything on this level before, but obviously there were signs. I just didn't really wanna see it because I was never regarded as particularly attractive and having someone be this into me just felt really nice. But I guess a lot of this is my own issues I need to work through and this relationship is clearly not as great as I may have thought. - That's really true. - He said that, he said that up there that like she had shown signs of jealousy, but he was like, well, I'm wanted, and that's valid. That's fair. But it just could orchestrate into something bigger and messier. - Someone else said, never stay with anyone who tests you. They want you to fail the test to prove their doubts are genuine. Every time you pass, they'll be loving for a bit until another doubt enters their head. And they come up with another test for you to pass. It's no way to live your life. No trust equals no relationship. OP said, oh my god, this is it. I didn't even realize how much of a test some of the previous stuff had been, like asking my opinion on other women or getting my opinion on characters cheating on TV. There was just always something. Someone said, you guys are way too old for this high school behavior. I'd end it. OP said, I completely agree. This just doesn't sit right with me at all. Like this weird mind game bullshit. That's not how you treat a person you supposedly love. I think I might have to end it. I just needed the push. Yeah. - Push. - There's no update 'cause that was this week as of recording it. - That doesn't feel right. But this type of stuff is super common. I hear about this all the time. - Oh, yeah. - And I've also been in situations in my past where I understand like the feeling of insecurity and wanting to be like these doubts I have in my head, how do I prove that they're right? But it's like if, to me, if you don't trust your partner, that is such a deep issue. - Also on Instagram right now, how you can see the like things that people like that you follow. You know what I mean? It's kind of changing the game for me a little bit because there's some boys that I'd be liking and they're like, I'm like looking at what they're engaging with and liking and it's some weird shit. And it's some questionable shit and I'm like, oh, oh no. - Oh no, yeah. - See, I feel like there's just-- - There's like some racy jokes and I'm like, you liked this? You thought this was funny? - Okay, now that. - That's tough. - When you see, like, when you're on Reels, then it shows you like, what are your friends liking? I'll like click on it sometimes. And girl. - What if you guys looked over and I was suddenly sweating and I was like, you can't see. So you could do that? - We see that you're liking your edits. - We can see that. - Shane talk thirst trap. Is that worse than me liking? - You created the account, you've created the edit and then you go to another account and like it. - Courtney's like, I think I'm jealous of you. - Or it's like Spencer thirst traps. - So Courtney would be like, I get it. - That's funny. made that one actually. - I actually make those. - It's good, it's good. - And you fell for the trap. - She's like, you didn't like my Spencer Thirst Trap edit. All right. And it ended up on am I the devil? - Whoa, it's gonna be good. Am I the asshole for my reaction to my sister-in-law's nickname for my husband? - Sister-in-law. - Her husband's sister has a nickname for him. - OP's husband has a sister and that sister is calling her brother who's the OP's husband a nickname? - I'm with you. The people involved, me a 27-year-old woman. My husband Connor, 27-year-old man, and his sister Sophie, a 30-year-old woman. Fake names. I feel uncomfortable with the nickname ,y sister-in-law calls my husband. All right, what do we think the nickname is? - Pooky. - Pooky? That'd be rough. - Gingy. - Maybe he's like Ginger and she calls him Gingy. - They'd be pretty rough. - Maybe babe. - Babe. - Daddy Warbucks. - Daddy at all would be creepy. Bubby, Bubs or Booba. It's not inherently sexual, but I think it's weird gor two grown adults. No one else in his family calls him that. Just her, when I brought it up to my husband, he brushed me off saying she's always called him that. Last night at a family dinner, she used the nickname and I guess I made a face and got quiet, which I tend to do. Later when we were alone, she asked if something was wrong. I debated saying nothing but figured this was my chance to address it. I told her I found it inappropriate, especially since my husband doesn't like nicknames in general. She wasn't surprised, which annoyed me and said that as long as Connor doesn't mind, she doesn't see the issue. She also said she felt like I was implying something inappropriate, which was gross. Her words. Then that set me off and I regrettably made a comment about how she's been single her whole life and might be projecting onto her brother. She just started laughing and said, if I'm jealous of my husband's sister, I need couples therapy. Then she said she'd ask Connor if it bothered him and if so, she'd stop. At that point I panicked because I didn't want this getting back to my in-laws. As she was leaving, I killed her, I'm just kidding. - You had me, I was so gripped. - At that point, I panicked As she was leaving, I told her not to start drama and to handle it like adults instead of telling on me. - She just rolled her eyes and said, you made your bed. Today, she called Connor and told him everything. He said, the nickname doesn't bother him, and that my reaction was disrespectful to his sister. He also said it made him feel like, I don't see their relationship as platonic, which is disgusting. I told him, I don't think he has bad intentions, but I can't say the same for his sister. That just made him more upset. Now he's being cold toward me. I know I didn't handle it perfectly, but I don't get why it's such a big deal. Their insistence on keeping the nickname makes me feel like something bigger is going on. So Reddit, am I overreacting? Should I push this or do I need to drop it? - Yeah, it's like it's a sister, like they have a completely different dynamic. - It's probably been a nickname that they've had since they were kids, so it's like it's not something he thinks about, like as an adult, he doesn't want new nicknames, but. - Well, is it even a nickname? It's just kinda what you call me. - I understand that. Like my mom, like my mom has a nickname from, for her brothers call her a nickname. - But it's like from like when they were like little kids. And it comes from like before they could speak properly. - It's just a habit at this point. - And Bubby, Bubs or Booba, like almost sounds like she was trying to say Brother as a little kid. She's like, Booba. You know? It just kinda stayed that way. - The oldest son is always Bubba, so my dad's Bubba. I'm Bubba. - It seems like, - And especially for grandparents too, Nana, Dadda. - Right, I think it, there's just clear, clearly there's just discomfort. There's jealousy, there's just weirdness around it. Maybe she just genuinely is like finding that like nickname icky and it's just like, I don't wanna hear that, but it's just like, you're not involved in that relationship just because you're married to him. Like that's weird being like, you can't call him that. Like, that's the sister. - The type of control that's really intense. - Yeah, and again, it's like for me, like since they're siblings, it just seems so clear to be like, there's obviously nothing going on. - In regards to siblings, and this is a nickname that's been around a long time. This is very silly. - It's also like if my friends have a nickname for me that like my college friends have nicknames for me. - But like if my partner was like, I don't like them calling you that nickname. What, why? - I guess if it was like drawn from, like, again, that's why I was guessing like, babe, like if your friends are calling them like mostly romantic nicknames, then it's maybe like, hey, like maybe that one's reserved for me. - But like a nickname is not like, babe, it's not like a pet name. - It's like a specific to that person, not something that you dish around to anyone. - So like Rosh, like I wouldn't call anyone else Rosh probably. - But then like if my partner was like, hey, don't call her that. That's weird. - That's Rosh. I know her before I knew you. What you talking about? That's Rosh to me. - The only situation I could think of a nickname being inappropriate or uncomfortable as if like someone had a nickname for your partner and it was like very sexual. - Yeah, exactly. - Then I'd be like, okay. Yeah, but like that's a very specific situation. - This is not that situation whatsoever. - Like Titty-Jinny. Like, don't call my wife Titty-Jinny. - Don't call my husband Titty-Jinny. - Call her skank. - Yeah, call her hag. - Call her hag. You're the asshole. I live in the South. I can't throw a rock right now and not hit at least five Bubbas. The female version is Sissy. Every little kid down here calls their brother Bubba or Bubs or their sister Sissy or Sis. It's literally the most common nickname in this region. If you yell it at Walmart, you'll get the attention of all the shoppers. What's gross though is you thinking something more than sibling affection is going on here and you do need to work through that asap. Oh, and FYI, I have at least two cousins older than 55 that are still known as Bubba. OP responded, this genuinely helps a lot. I'm not from the US and an only child, so this is all new to me. His family is originally from the South, so that context makes a lot of sense. That has 149 down votes. She's like, I understand now and I'm wrong, and everyone's like (beep) you. - Everyone's like, no, you killed her. - Still (beep) hate you. Someone replied to that, so instead of asking/looking into the culture of your in-laws, you went off, you need some help. Seriously. Instead of being curious and having the desire to learn, you go, it's wrong. You've some serious learning to do. Oh, another person said, you're the asshole. You sound like a jealous kid with a schoolyard crush, not an adult in your late 20s. What they call each other is their business, but the real problem here is that it sounds like you never brought this up to your husband before you going to his sister. Marriage is about communicating. If it made you uncomfortable, he should have been your first port of call, or at least you should have brought it up right after you talk to her rather than waiting for him to find out. OP said, just to clarify, someone mentioned this earlier, but it got lost in the comments. I wrongly assumed that bubby was a mix of hubby and brother, which is why it felt strange to me. I'm an only child. My family doesn't use nicknames and I'm not from the US, which doesn't mean I was right, but I do think it's an important context. I'll talk to Connor asap to clear things up because yeah, I'm obviously the asshole here. Someone replied to that saying, I'm sorry about the fact that your mind went to incest simply because of a nickname you didn't know the meaning of and put together in your head is disturbing. You need help to figure out why you went there because being an only child or your family not using nicknames should be irrelevant. This is her husband and she's never asked him like, where does bubby come from? - That's all this took. - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - But she let it linger all this time. - She's like, it's incest. - Yeah, that's definitely odd, but I will give her credit for being open and clearly quickly being like, you know what? You're right, I'm the asshole. I mean, she asked and she's not upset at the answer. - Her acknowledging it and that getting down votes is funny to me. People are still throwing tomatoes at her. - It's all the bubbies they've gathered. - Yeah, oh my God. I just think like all of this, like I understand that there's culture differences and all sorts of things. I mean, none of it really justifies it in my head, but like all of it is just alleviated by just talking to your husband. Talking to him first. - Instead of holding this in and then bringing it out towards his sister. Our last story comes from, am I overreacting and also ended up on am I the devil? - Am I overreacting for being offended that my parents called a little girl, the cutest little girl they had ever seen. - Your ass is ugly. Get over it. - You little hag. - I think voice inflection matters a lot here. They said it very emphatically and with purpose as if they meant every word sincerely. Context. At my brother's wedding, the bride's 4-year-old niece was the flower girl. I was 26 at the time, I get it. It sounds like I'm jealous of a 4-year-old and I'm not. She was an adorable little girl. I also understand that families sometimes kiss the keisters of their in-laws to establish or retain good family relations. The way they said it was such absolutism just rubbed me the wrong way. She is the cutest little girl I have ever seen. They fond over and over again. I'm their only daughter, so I felt some kind of way about it just standing off to the side, like, great. I'm just not a fan of speaking in absolutisms to begin with. I tend to take things very literally. I avoid saying things like, that's the best wedding/party I've ever been to because it could easily be overheard by someone else whose wedding/birthday party, retirement party I've attended, I don't know. It felt like a burn from my parents. Am I overreacting or do my own parents think I wasn't that cute? I mean, why didn't they say cutest kid I've ever seen? Because that would contend with my brother. Why couldn't they have just said she's adorable. So cute. She did a great job in her role. You can compliment without setting up a favoritism paradigm. ETA, they were speaking to the flower girls' grandparents. - Absolutisms. - Instead of just being like, oh, she's really cute. Being like, she's actually the cutest girl I've ever seen in my entire life. - Yeah, but only Sith deal in absolutes, so. - So maybe they are wrong. - I would simply try to make this woman understand that she is just this small person right here and that there's a whole fricking world. - I would make her understand that she's a disgusting hag. - I mean, I wasn't gonna say it. - No, I'm just kidding. - Like she's like, oh my god, everything that happens around me has to do with me. No, she's definitely-- - She needs to grow up. I'm like, okay, bro. Like, whoa. Also, the context of this, like weddings, like, dude, people just are in their feelings at weddings. Like at weddings, the flower girl, and they're talking to the Of course they're gonna be like, she is just the most precious thing I've ever seen in my entire life. It's like you're sitting here thinking about yourself in competition with a 4-year-old. All of a sudden they turn back and, and OP is like going down the aisle with the flowers. - She rips it out of her hands. - It's clearly just mommy daddy issues, and she's like, oh my god, this four year old's cuter than me. - Maybe she didn't get enough love as a child. - It's totally that. - And look, I'm not saying there's other things going on here, but it's just like, dude, you're 26. - There's an open bar. Go get a drink. Go have some fun, man. - And if there's not an open bar, you've got bigger issues here. - I think it's just what is confusing me here, what's confusing me here is that like these people, they write these posts and aren't able to be like, wait, this is a metaphor for what I need to deal with in therapy. Instead, they're like, why am I obsessing over the sentence that my parents said? And everybody else has to be like, hey, honey. And walk them to what it actually means. - That's really concerning. - Yeah, I think this person's having a hard time thinking that other people don't think the way she does. Because she's like, I don't speak in absolutism because what if I say, this is the best party I've ever been to, and someone else nearby has had a party recently and they feel bad about it. I'm like, they're not feeling bad about it. - Probably. - So she's maybe just like overly considerate in a way. - Yeah 'cause that's how she thinks of things, but it's like, hey, other people don't think that way. - I'm sure your parents don't think that girl is better than you, like you're their daughter and you're an only child, but it is self-centered. - That's a great point. - Her universe is very self-centered. She's just thinking about herself in relation to everything going on here. - And it's manifesting in a way of her, of exactly what you said. It's a great point of like, so often we get caught in the cycle of like, this is how I think and therefore every human around me thinks the exact same way. - And it almost goes back to the story with the photos. The wife is like, well, I think that photos are important and I need to have them with my daughter. My husband definitely thinks that too, and so therefore him not taking photos with me is intentional and it's like we literally all think so differently. You cannot assume that. - Also, look, this kid might be the cutest 4-year-old ever, but it's like, hey, wen she's 26 years old, go find her and be like, yeah, how do you match up to when I was 26? - Kill her. - Hell yeah. - Oh my god, sorry. - Comments. I get it. You're jealous of a 4-year-old. Someone else said, did I miss something? Is this really about your parents making a compliment about a 4-year-old girl? I think of all the things someone could do to make you feel bad about yourself, that's really not that bad. I think it had nothing to do with you and you'd probably be a lot happier not wasting your energy on such things. You're essentially saying you'd feel happy or policing what kinds of compliments your parents pay. That's what would make you happy. OP responded saying, no, what would make me happy is feeling like I was the cutest little girl my parents had ever seen. Instead of being saddled with this lifelong inferiority complex. - This is a test. This is a prank. This is a test. - She's fighting. - Yeah, you know it's bad when they're fighting it. You end up on, am I the devil when you fight in the comments. - Oh, I just wanna read those. - The other woman from the last story should not have been an am I the devil I don't think. - Right, it's kind of crazy. - She admitted she was wrong. That part. - Twice over. Someone said, I read an article once from a woman who had a baby, and after the birth, the doctor got the baby all cleaned up and handed it to the mother and said, this baby is the most beautiful baby I've ever seen. The mother beamed and told all her friends and family what he said, sometime later, maybe years I can't remember, she met another mother whose kid was close to the same age as her, and they compared birth stories. It turned out they had the same doctor. The other mother proudly said that the doctor said her baby was the most beautiful baby he'd ever seen. The first mother, the writer of the article was shocked. All this time, she believed that the doctor really thought her baby was the most beautiful, but it then dawned on her that he said this to all the mothers. So my advice is to take your mother's comments with a grain of salt. I am certain that you were, and in her mind still are the most beautiful little girl she has ever seen. OP responded. - Saying, I wish I could give you an award for this beautifully written, insightful and emotionally intelligent response. All I can offer is an up vote and thank you from the bottom of my heart. Your response means a lot to me. - Aw. - That was nice. But also the doctor we're omitting a possibility that it was the most beautiful baby and then a new baby, this is now the most - New baby just dropped and it's the most beautiful and it's like, oh, new baby just dropped. - This is the most beautiful baby. - Look, the odds are there of every baby he sees is just a little better than the previous baby. - That's natural. - That goes for everybody. - It's just we're getting hotter. - Babies are all getting better. - The earth is getting hotter. Babies are getting hotter. Let's ride. - Guys, good news. Every human that's coming out, they're all stronger. They're faster. - They're hot, you guys, right out the oven, they're hot. - The doctor's like, your baby's hot. - Your baby is hot. - It's like he said, my baby was the most beautiful baby he's ever seen. He's like, he told me my baby was hot. - He said, my baby was sexy. - He said, what? - Bring that Titty-Jinny over. - He said, gimme that skank. - Your baby's a hag. - Okay, can I say though? Because I think babies are super cute. - Some, most. - Babies are super cute. I think all babies are are really cute, but sometimes you'll like a friend of yours. Like you'll know someone and they're an attractive person, but they'll show you a baby photo and you're like, oh my god. Whoa. - Bad. - You turned out good, but like, whoa. - And enough said. - Your parents probably didn't know what was gonna happen. - Well. - I'm glad that she also seems like she accepted accountability, which I guess gets you into the am I the devil club? - In that one comment, yeah. It seems like she gets it a little bit. Hopefully. - Yeah, yeah. - But still funny. Well, this was a lot of jealousy. - And envy. - And some envy. - A little sprinkles of envy in there. Thank you both for joining me. - I feel like I learned something. - What was it? You don't know? - Yeah, I don't know, but I just feel it. Maybe some of the babies. - I think I did. I don't know what it is, but I think I learned something. - That's great. - Hey, that's good. - Well, thank you both for being here. You guys are definitely the second best guests I've ever had. - I think I just learned something else. You're the best guests I've ever had on this show. - Yeah! - No, he says that to everybody. - You're the best host. - Thank you all for watching. Thank you for watching. Let us know what other themes and subreddits you'd like to see on this show, and we'll see you next Saturday. (bright music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @catalinstan7769 [1 likes]: For the story with the mom in pictures: I don't care for pictures as memories and I wouldn't give a second thought about her not being in one either. She said she shouldn't tell him that she wants to be in pictures, but she definitely should. Also, if you have a video, just screenshot some stills ffs. I have screensavers from movies and shows, and you won't believe it, I wasn't on the set!
  2. @Odythedj: 55:34 buba is a nickname for older siblings almost everywhere. Where im from is usually for younger kids, but my youngest sibling, who is 8, will sometimes call my oldest brother that, he’s 25
  3. @Phantasylandd: Let jealous sister sit with what she said and she can reevaluate her husband worthlessness.   She needs to fix her own marriage and not attack her own sister for having a healthy living relationship with her husband
  4. @Phantasylandd: Growing up I was always the sick kid and middle child so I have the least baby photo (2) snd it’s the same photo.  I also have very few childhood photos.   I have been in a coma and almost died and literally have no photos of it and have only had 1 birthday party since (20) years ago.   I have a lot of health problems 

I don’t have a good relationship with my father so I have gotten rid of photo I have with me and him in it.   I don’t want those to exist.   Those don’t matter.  I have still have no photos and since I feel like nobody actually cares, I have now gotten rid of most of my social media photos.  

I plan to delete any and all existing photos of me before I die and if they wonder what happened to my photos, that’s really gonna be on them and they have to live with that.

The wife should of hire a photographer if photos are that important to her and her husband is failing at that
  5. @dawn8293: The nickname story: I totally called it. I thought for sure this is only-child behavior. I had a roommate who was an only child who felt that Dipper and Mabel on Gravity Falls were way too mean to each other, even though their behavior is tame and often loving. 

People who grew up without siblings just don't understand what it is to be a child with someone and grow up together. A couple of my siblings have odd nicknames just within the family. That's pretty typical.
  6. @amandajademossman1808: For some reason I love the sound of Chanse's voice. I could listen to him talk all day.
  7. @kellyjohnson969: I can relate to the mom who doesn’t have a whole lot of pictures of herself either with people or just add events however, people have different values and priorities. Being on time or early to events, having pictures, 1 million Little things and every human has a different subset of what’s important to them however I will say you have to communicate. It would’ve been so easy for her to just say hey take some pictures of me. I don’t like to have dishes in the sink but my husband doesn’t notice that it’s not as important to him so I have to be the one to do the dishes or I have to ask him to do the dishes it’s not a huge deal it’s just different things are important to each person so it’s not like the husband was purposely not taking pictures it’s just that type of thing it wasn’t a value to him so he didn’t think about it.
But I will also say that I would consider myself an old person and I can take some pretty good pictures lol. I know how to take video and also snap photos while I’m videoing so let’s not say don’t give the camera to an old person because that’s not necessarily true maybe that grandma isn’t a good photographer but some of us are.
  8. @sarajones4461: It's called hyperbole. Saying someone is the cutest in the world isn't literal. And being hurt by other people being complimented is insecure derangement.
  9. @bridgetfelderhoff4820: I called my brother bubba growing up, and actually my youngest uncle was called bubba by his older siblings. It's just a nickname for a brother in general
  10. @chris-ln3sp: Arasha saying “she’s a jealous hag” made me laugh so hard lolllll. She’s so cute 😂😂💗
  11. @carlbratonalanalewski4414: My cousin still calls her brother bubby or Bubba too. We are in our thirties. Wife is weird for caring.
  12. @picies2020: 50:58😂😂😂😂😂😂 spit out my drink 😂😂😂
  13. @samanthabenvissuto4535: Yall dont appreciate your moms enough based on youre reaction to the photo story. Shame on the SMOSH cast!
  14. @caroline3342: I just want to clarify the second story with the photos, you can absolutely take screenshots from the video and print them. Might not be the best but its possible
  15. @kaeshalae1: I like this girl no shade to her. But most of her commentary is never funny and she kind of just rewords the Reddit story.
  16. @gupdoo3: Not only did OP not ask her husband where Bubby comes from she didn't even Google it???
  17. @feistyfan2344: I was T-T and my cousin was K-K. It’s whatever.
  18. @Euphy5289: She should ask the other parents from the party if they have any. It all the other moms that are there!
  19. @_inkysnow_4715: It’s so funny to me hearing that a sibling calls their other sibling “bubs” or something similar as a nickname just because my sister and I are the type to call each other hoe, hoebag, ween (as in the skin on your elbow), peen-ween, bitch, douchecanoe, etc on a daily basis, never something cute or nice lol
  20. @jollejoh3513: bro they ar eliterally from the south, she was just being xenophobic

- Реакция иностранки на Ленинград Фотосессия | The Secret Life Of An Influencer | Reaction Video: Kind: captions Language: ru Привет, ребята! С вами я, Рома Галатера И я рада вас видеть на моем канале! Сегодня я буду снимать видео реакцию на клип группы Ленинград Это совсем новая песня, она только вчера появилась Песня называется "Фотосессия" Я очень люблю фотографировать поэтому мне очень интересно посмотреть этот клип Я видела на канале Ленинграда информацию о премьере этого видео но почему-то подумала, что это какое-то приглашение на фотосессию) и только сегодня утром я поняла, что группа выпустила новый клип Мои друзья посоветовали мне его посмотреть и снять реакцию И сейчас мы будем смотреть этот клип вместе с вами! Но перед тем как начать, я приглашаю вас зайти на мой второй канал Just Roma - Россия глазами иностранки Вот здесь ссылка на этот канал На этом канале я говорю по-русски и рассказываю о моих впечатлениях о России мои наблюдения о России всегда на русском языке Говорить на русском - это очень большой вызов для меня И я надеюсь, что вы поддержите меня и мой канал о России Мне будет очень приятно! Итак, начинаем! Очень хочется поскорее его увидеть! Что? Элленинград? Не знала, что у них есть и свой журнал! Элленинград) Это правда или просто шутка? Пока все очень стандартно для фэшн показов А она похожа на Ребел Уилсон на австралийскую актрису она снималась в австралийском шоу Pooch Perfect Я сразу представила себя на месте этого фотографа он делает все, чтобы найти лучший ракурс для идеального кадра Он даже на стол для этого залез, но это я не одобряю Ладно, поехали дальше А, она какой-то известный блогер - лидер мнений Я думаю, что эта женщина не просто фотомодель. Она - известный блогер Например, сейчас они сделали пост о караоке, и она сразу начинает петь Вообще-то она красивая, чем-то напоминает нимфу Да, она точно блогер. Во всех постах только расхваливает себя Например, здесь она показывает: "Я не ем фаст фуд, а кушаю только полезные продукты" Только я не понимаю, почему они взяли лимон, а не яблоко Ок А сейчас будет что-то о мужчинах Харассмент? Замуж или алименты? Ого, они настоящие? У нее настоящие тату? Мне кажется, что эту съемку они делают для поста о материнстве в ее блоге О семье и ребенке, часто мамы постят что-то похожее в инсте Положи фото поближе к сердцу Сейчас она все это постит в свою инсту И опять что-то исправляет в фотошопе Ее фото всегда сначала проходят через фотошоп. Но вообще это необязательно, если фотограф хороший Мне кажется она изменила контрастность Мне кажется, она сказала, что Бог сказал ей, или ей приснилось, что он ей сказал что у девушки нет парня из-за того, что она избранная она такая одна на миллион Посмотрим, что она ответила Что-то как-то непонятно Парень сказал, что по гороскопу они должны быть вместе Но не разрешил сесть к себе на колени Может быть это из-за ее веса? Вес у нее приличный) Побоялся, что не выдержит ее веса, если она сядет на колени Зачем она сделала скриншот? Уже конец? По-моему, очень интересное видео Мне этот клип очень понравился Я тоже веду инстаграм, вот мой аккаунт Складывается впечатление, что у нее нет уверенности в себе Она хорошо выглядит и непонятно зачем ей постоянно нужно все менять в фотошопе И это как раз показывает, как инстаграм и другие соцсети влияют на восприятие людьми самих себя Им кажется, что они выглядят недостаточно хорошо Поэтому срочно нужно включать фотошоп Нужно срочно использовать все скилы, чтобы улучшить свои фотки А я думаю, что это вообще не нужно Теперь немного о музыке. Мне понравилась, очень приятное звучание Такой медленный рок. Вроде ничего особенного, но послушать приятно. И немного о тексте песни Мне понравилась манера исполнения Вроде бы рок, но одновременно и очень поэтично Мне понравилось, она очень креативно спела И голос у нее немного холодный, с приятным тембром Что касается идеи этого клипа Я могу сказать, что эта девушка олицетворяет девушек, которые неуверены в себе и просто молятся на фотошоп А еще некоторые блогеры на самом деле не такие, какими хотят казаться Они просто притворяются Пишут, что питаются только полезной едой, а сами трескают пиццу или что-то похуже И так дурят своих подписчиков В некотором смысле этот клип показывает, как работают соцсети Люди говорят, что ты особенная Но блогеры знают, что на самом деле это все неправда Люди это говорят просто из вежливости Но это не то, чего она хочет. Она хочет быть другой И это плохо Если ты хочешь себя изменить, ты делаешь это для себя, а не чтобы показать другим Это все, что я хотела сказать Спасибо всем за просмотр Я надеюсь, что вам понравилось это видео Если вы еще не подписаны на мой канал, то подписывайтесь и жмите на колокольчик, чтобы не пропустить новые видео Еще раз всем спасибо! Сайонара! Всем мира!

  Top Comments:
  1. @АндрейЛарин-в6н [3 likes]: Молодчина! Всё очень здорово получилось у вас.
  2. @aeroflotdon [2 likes]: Это не блоггер, а новая солистка Ленинграда - https://www.instagram.com/victoria___kuzmina/ Виктория Кузьмина. Она же и поет песню
  3. @alexweek4831 [2 likes]: Thanks,  Miss!!!)
  4. @aiveeaivee4607 [2 likes]: The guy says that he is Libra (in Russian it is the same word as 'scales', and he said "but don't sit on me' and she got frustrated :)
You understand Russian so well! I am really impressed.
  5. @aleksbotler5358: ВОт не пойму, зачем вы всякую дрянь смотрите? Ну посмотрели пару клипов для общего развития, зачем поглощать это все.

- The 4 Major SIGNS Someone ENVIES You: Kind: captions Language: en let's get into the four major signs of envy um the first one is micro expressions which is uh known as dagger eyes they're hard to spot because they only last for a few seconds but i guarantee you i mean i'm a little bit older than most of you guys watching me if you're under me under my agenda i mean i'm close to 47 48 now but you're gonna find out you know when you look around in life that there's times where at certain events where you might have been doing something great maybe you had a success in your business somebody will look at you you know kind of like at the corner of their eyes and they and they you know they kind of glare at you they have that you know that glint of like envy and like anger and like it's it's not easy to decipher until you've seen it it's hard to explain um until you've seen it and it's genuine you're gonna know what it is uh but these micro ex but these micro expressions do pop up so you have to be attentive to them so that's the first sign the second sign which is a little more obvious and this is one that this is the one that sent chills up my spine when i when i heard them you know describe it in the audio book it's called poisonous praise and what that is is a disparaging comment cushioned as praise for example when you successfully finish a project they'll comment on how much money you will make rather than praise your hard work completing the project let me say that again poisonous praise is a disparaging a project they will comment about how much money you will make rather than praise your hard work i can i can give you one example actually i can give you several examples and i'm going to tie them you know back a decade into my debt business because uh between 2000 and i think 2007 and 2010 for those three years um we probably got more awards in those three years in the business for hyper growth for culture for all for all kinds of business accolades i mean we were in profit magazine several times uh i was featured on the front page of the toronto star i mean if you guys google my uh full name plus a toronto star um you know you'll see the article but um you know the biggest newspaper in in canada featured me in my business on the front page so word got out about you know the successes that i had had in the businesses and the poisonous praise started to come frequent and often and it and it sounded a lot like uh oh yeah you know i can imagine how much money you you know that you must be making not oh really you know you've saved over 100 million dollars worth of credit card debt and you've gotten you know thousands of people out of debt and back on their financial fee so they so they could avoid bankruptcy and you know like the standard sort of praise that people that aren't envious of you would give instead what they're giving you is oh you know i can imagine how much money you must be making off this sort of thing and how rich you must be now and blah blah blah sort of thing um i also heard it recently too you know if i was um for example during during covert you know for the last year whenever somebody would ask uh you know what i was doing at the bank or um there was another guy that ran like this uh consulting firm that had tried to try to you know get into my business and do some work for us and you know the standard lyrics were oh you know covet must really be driving your uh business right up and you you know you guys must be making a ton of money you know the remember the banker said it a couple times there's a couple of different bankers that had to deal with that were talking you know specifically about how much money you must be making rather than praising you for what you're actually doing to get people out of debt that's the way that i've always looked at that business was we actually unfuck people's lives and get them out of debt in a fashion that's better and quicker than the conventional methods that are available to them but the poisonous praise comes from those that envy you so you have to be aware of that keep an eye open you know keep an ear open for it too um backbiting envious people enjoy talking about the negative aspects up so this is the third one backbiting is envious people that enjoy talking about the negative aspects of a person's character whether it's real or imagined this is more of a female sort of centric behavior but i see a lot of guys do this too it's kind of gossipy and what they'll do is they'll go looking for anything that can support their narrative you know they want to try to discredit you um you know up up towards the top when i open this you know i was talking about how these people are so dangerous because they really seek to do you harm they don't want to operate at your level they want to bring you down to their level right so the backbiting is the third one let's talk about the last one which is see-sawing which is the fourth sign of envy and it's positively negative uh actions meaning they're going to heap on praise then harsh criticisms then they're gonna warm up you you know warm you up again and then they're gonna keep repeating the cycle i think out of all of those the most obvious one that you need to be aware of is poisonous praise oh that's great you must be making a ton of money oh that's great you know when are you going to buy us all you know whatever you know sort of thing and you'll get this from people very very close to you maybe even family members maybe even friends um it's you know it's bizarre because it was it was totally over my head for many many years until it was defined as poisonous praise and how it's a disparaging comment uh cushioned as praise when in fact it's it's really just like you know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on you in an underhanded way you

  Top Comments:
  1. @merrylynnallison6922 [1 likes]: Women  will try to destroy  another woman's reputation  simply because she looks better.   psychopaths.
  2. @merrylynnallison6922 [1 likes]: Women are the worst for this........ One particular woman from Bowen Island BC. People who do these types  of things to people are pure EVIL.
  3. @mskhan2847 [1 likes]: i remember i was sharing a very sad my failure story to my so called best freind.. and we both were walking i was looking straight no eye contact.. but all of sudden i accidently saw his face with evil smirk like a demon a very dark soul kind of look.. at time i didnt get it wtf was that.. and it haunt me for years that why.. and he always have some off energy like a sadist.. you are talking very obvious signs which they are so clever to drop these.  these moments they shows who they are
  4. @bobbyjohnson5637: Who was that eyedrop guy that did the eye  drop commercials back in the day that is exactly who this guy is
  5. @goldwateralchemy: great, straight to the point video. thank you!
  6. @jobajobajooooo: You talk too slow ..sorry I can't wait around
  7. @annuyuwnu: Backbiting is something, I have done without realizing. This is something I havent thought about til now. It is when I am selfish and become subtly vindictive, in a passive agressive fashion. Thank you.
  8. @Wild_Sugar_Love: Dang those looks. I thought it was my imagination makes you feel crazy!
  9. @ProfileP23: I you get a win in life just enjoy the feeling and try not give people ammo to shoot you down 👍
  10. @ViridiniaMay: Personlly, I do not have envy or jealousy or hatred toward anyone.
Because I tell God even if it is even a tiny drop, I go to confession always to
avoid the sting, so then you are truly set free and at peace with yourself always.
Think of it this way. You have something another might not. Another person has something
you don't. God gives Gifts accordingly to each person. BE GREATFUl for what you have even if it is a tiny blessing
Always praise God for it.
  11. @alaskaface7147: Backbiting is “female centric?” I beg to differ. As a woman working in the trades now, after working in other fields with much more women before, I can say with conviction that tradesmen are easily the most petty, dramatic middle-school esque Regina George mean girls I’ve ever met in my life!n

We have a very small local and the indie political dealings/drama gives me terminal brain pretzels. I tried to understand, but then I realized it was best to quietly sneak and duck evade the emotional blackmail lol. 

How dare you paint this trait as female centric when blue collar men exist lmfao😂
  12. @wzupppp: The glare is a dangerous one to. Its the evil eye. When I see it I walk as far away as possible as i can
  13. @NatalieRoach-k2f: As usual these type of videos ends up being about the host!! They can never stay on track and be neutral about the topic!! Awful
  14. @CARMONYates-e5t: I am proud of myself for never considering changing anything about me& behind monotonous, tons of jealous, & envious people.  I can say today with confidence I am proud to posess honest COURAGE!!!
  15. @seancowan685: What poisonous praise is all about is suggesting that your doing it for shallow reasons. Like the example you gave....it suggests your desire to actually help people is not a motivatng factor. That you are only doing it to enrich yourself.
  16. @josephineseymour9266: Yes! True! I think in life its hard to find someone u can trust; nobody is ready to accept that u can have a dicipline life but this needs plenty of sacrifices ! All are enjoying while your not , its a choice in life “ always u cannot have the best of both world ; Its always one way or another! And we cannot  discredited all the people who sacrifice while your playing ! Think n never judge no one !
  17. @spirg: I have a photgraphy business , guy ive known since kindergarten said "' dont forget us when you get rich "    poisonous praise ...   never spent a DIME
  18. @licksnkicks1166: I have conquered things that a lot of ppl would not even think about. I am very adventurous and have very little fear of anything. I am so proud of me and my accomplishments. Don’t care what you think!! I can’t sit there and let life pass me by!
  19. @njr1222: Malicious gossip is the worst and too many are full of it.
  20. @Chatoor85-t4i: Too much hate and recognition on the internet I can't relaxxxx lol

- spoiled rich kids on tiktok MUST be stopped.: Kind: captions Language: en mind how messy my room is I was too depressed about my Lambo being sold to make my bed she's so freaking Brave hey best friend today we are going to be living vicariously through spoiled rich kids I'm so excited for this video I just got the worst news of my life the Lamborghini I wanted got [Music] so no no who did it who's responsible it's okay though because we're going to order a new one which I think is what we should done to begin with something I really want to do is get a job at like Starbucks or like literally anywhere because I just want to see what it's like I think it would be really fun where do you think I should work that like isn't too much work she wants to get a job because it would be fun I just thought it'd be really cute and fun today to cosplay the working class I've always had this silly idea in my head where we have like an opposite day where every entitled rich kid we send them to Starbucks during their like peak hour so like 9:00 a.m. and just you know send them off with zero training but uh this girl just wants to do it for fun so scratch that cuz the whole point was that it's not enjoyable but she actually wants to do she's volunteer bro said I volunteer as tribute so send her out also wait hold on can we rewind can we run back the beginning did you guys see that who is that I just got the worst news of my life huh that was Elon Musk taking over her body she just got possessed by musk bro I don't know what's so hard to believe about getting a Lambo like they're not even that expensive no yeah I don't know why I've been sleeping here for so long I think I just like changing my environment I'm probably going to go back to my room soon I think getting out of my insane asylum room is good for me it's literally all white I feel like I should decorate it but I just don't know where to start and I don't really like decorations I kind of just like the bare minimum yeah like Lamborghinis she's just a simple girl get ready with me to buy my first car so the car I want to get is a Lamborghini yurus our appointments at 11:00 I just ate that what did you eat your daddy's savings account I just ate that actually I'm being mean like she doesn't seem like she's a bad kid like she hasn't said anything really bratty I don't know how I woke up this early but I mean it's a Lamborghini like of course I'm going to wake up also in my room the Lamborghini I want is actually used I mean obviously I don't want to use car yeah obviously that that'd be disgusting my mom's Rolex broke so she's going to go and look for like a new one I guess I don't know oh my gosh prayer is up guys this is not D she's so freaking Brave she's so also in like 2 weeks we're going back to school shop shopping because school is starting September 5th for me if I even choose to go to that school I really really want to do online school get so ahead if I did online school and school is so stupid my teachers don't even teach us I'm usually just sitting in class and they're teaching me stuff I already know and I'm wasting 8 hours of my day when I could be like going to work with my dad and like learning about business that's something that's actually going to like benefit me in the future time is valuable and school is just not a good way to spend it oh wait she's just like me I I actually see a little bit of myself in her minus the uh Lamborghini and Palace but good for her she knows what she wants nothing used obviously uh cuz sorry it just made my skin crawl but um th shopping Goodwill no she knows what she wants and I think that's great and I mean obviously she could learn something from her dad who's funding this Lamborghini so I'd absolutely be doing online school and working under my dad if I were her too get ready with with me as you all know I got my she's got such a like death stare to her she I I don't think I've seen her experience a single emotion and this is her the third video that we're on now and she's just always like get ready with me like dang you know I got my Lamborghini taken away from me and if you could what you have to do for that to happen this video I got it back but under the condition that I do house chores for an entire week do you see the one time that she experienced is an emotion so I have to do house chores for a week obviously I'm not actually going to do the chores I only agreed so I can get my car back we have a housekeeper who usually cleans my room but my dad told her that she can't clean my room for the entire week but don't worry I have a plan I'm going to bribe her I'll just pay her like $3 $400 a day and act like I was the one who cleaned my room I'm literally so smart she is a bit of a genius for that huh I recently went thrifting for the first time and I literally obsessed with it I went to Bella hadid's favorite thrift store in Brooklyn and they had so much stuff and I Bella hadid's favorite thrift store that's not a real sentence I can't that does not those can't coexist there's no reason for Bella to be in a thrift shop I'm so sorry who says he can't shop in a Ferrari nobody literally nobody has said Source where we always take on the impossible # viral # viral video # exotic car will everything fit it's like playing Tetris well obviously if you have a ginormous cardboard box in your trunk nothing is going to fit bro got a singular box of Rice Krispies and some boxes of cereal and is acting like he can't put it up in the front with him no but Loki this is so relatable like it happened to me just the other day I remember it all too well BR what are you doing I I can't find my groceries into my 500 hor power 400 mile # exotic Lamborghini wao you're so brave when this happens success always return the cart like a good boy good boy is crazy out a boy credit card here boy this one is what it's really like owning a Ferrari # exotic cars again is this like a common term used for Ferraris I didn't know convertible T whoa all right problem solving skills aren exactly there yet he's literally cursing at this Lamborghini I Ferrari also famously known as # exoticar um I don't expect you guys to know that though cuz you're obviously not kicking it like us rich people but you know how it is with our Rice Krispy treats and exotic cars also by the way this isn't a spoiled rich kid this is a grown adult man yelling at this # exotic car what is going on the plastic down because we have water right there get your mind out of the gutter people do we have enough shoes to put the top down that top is brand new and it's tight again get your mind out of the gutter holy crap get your mind out of the gutter 2x nobody said anything nobody was even thinking that the only mind in the gutter is yours why is this the second dirty reference dude his mind isn't even in the gutter it's in the depths of the sewer come on man it's freaking beautiful out I got to get to work stupid Al fre tell you George is losing his patience sorry George sorry P my hand going down with a convertible top you piece stupid oh my gosh leave the Exotic Car alone I'm starting to feel bad for it I'm so sorry I don't really know what to do please stop ow I didn't do anything please my mom got me the wrong color of yey guys what a horrible mom bro guys let's get some thoughts and prayers in the chat right now we've got to send this kid some words of encouragement little man there is a light at the end of the tunnel you need to see it through no matter how dark times get all right all right all right all right this is why you have to make your kids work for their stuff like cuz then they got too much much time on their hands even then they they do they do this it hurts it does after a careful review of all these Tik toks I want to make my own audition to join the the wealthy community the rich Community this is my application video let me know if I'm accepted guys in the comments down below thank you so much for your consideration and roll the clip get ready with me to run some errands basically today my mom got me these ugly grotesque shoes from Palace I think that's how you say it Palace I don't really know but I'll put a picture of the store up here or my editor will I don't really know or care long story short they're for the impoverished and low key I would rather work a shift at McDonald's and be caught wearing them in public so I'm going to be dropping them off at my local consignment shop but low key now that I say it I think it'd be kind of silly goofy of me to do a trial run of working at the consignment shop like doesn't that just sound like so much fun it would just like be a change of pace for me so I'm going to see if they're hiring just for fun though cuz I obviously don't want to work a job that involves work in a job so like just as aana sorry that's my dad guys what hurry up we got to get to Toyota dad are you dumb or stupid what I'm not getting aing Toyota car are you kidding me my bad sorry who else's bad would it be I live in an insane sorry yeah don't let it happen again get out of my room now and leave your credit card under the door please who is a l who This Ti to got it popping educated only 14

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlanaLintao [3100 likes]: HOPE YOU GUYS ARE HAVING AN AMAZING DAY THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE TODAY!! question of the day: how many exotic cars do you have??😇 i only have 3 but i promise im working on it guys🤍
  2. @Patriciaroberta0 [1 likes]: What’s her username? She’s so brave I’m gonna follow her
  3. @Lanie-LovesTHG [1 likes]: 1:17 HUNGER GAMES REF???
  4. @Vanessah-15Y2K [1 likes]: Is she Elons' daughter?
  5. @JustinWhitebeaver-w3e4h: I jackboff to trans women
  6. @Robert-x3v5k: Working at Starbucks should be for people looking for a job not for the spoiled 😞
  7. @Robert-x3v5k: Some of those people are ridiculous 😞
  8. @Robert-x3v5k: Love the topic alana
  9. @Robert-x3v5k: The girl is out of touch
  10. @Mari_Charlotte: Hey your name is spelt the same as my name :D
  11. @maddyhicks5120: I was sad that I couldn't afford groceries this week. But then I watched this video, and I could never be that brave
  12. @DropFlakelyrics: Jesus loves you!
  13. @RajendraVerma-v1t4n: Fuck she so beautiful only thumbnail attracts me alot ❤
  14. @lavivadoIce: 3:15 she clocked matcha actually
  15. @Ilovecows999: You should do a video where                    ,                 ,           . That would be a great idea!
(It’s supposed to be a funny joke please don’t take it as hate the joke is that I didn’t say anything lol )
  16. @Amelie-q8v: 0:01 girl what the heck 😭
  17. @Just.Another.Horzie: To cosplay the working class is crazy
  18. @Katyhopefaith: I'm 30 years old and Christian and these 20 year old christian bloggers are giving the wrong idea of Christianity. Jesus doesn't hand them more bc they sinned less. No. They're fake and God cares for the poor and needy.
  19. @Katyhopefaith: I'm so tired of it. And it's not healthy for the rest of us. I wake up stress every single day. I have to worry about a roof overy head. And these spoiled brats get everything handed to them. The government caters to young married couples and not young independent woman who need resources in this market. Everything they have came from their parent's. I pray this world changes
  20. @MsJP: :yt:🤣Leave ur credit card under the door😂

- Should You Buy A Luxury Car Young?: Kind: captions Language: en what's going on YouTube welcome back to another topic Tuesday for the one time man as you guys can see we are chilling in the whip in the whip at one time so I always ask you guys on Instagram Twitter if you're not already following me what topic you'd like to see one caught my eye man because it was is it worth buying a nice car as a young person and this topic is from Carlos Vasquez or Vasquez I'm pretty sure that's I said Vasquez I always butcher names but man thank you for even just submitting a topic and I like this topic just because you know we have the credit videos entrepreneur videos and just all that kind of stuff man I want you guys to know I'm 24 years old man the grind is real always so best believe I'm working extremely hard for anything that I have and I don't have it all figured out not even close but I'm happy to have some type of business experience and you know I try my best right I don't know I don't have all the answers for everything I could just share my experiences with you guys I just want you to know that man never take anything like I I know it all cuz I don't in a simple man I've made plenty of mistakes and you know this car might even be one of them but let's talk about the whole situation and what I think as a young person is it worth spending that kind of money and yes and no I say no because it's such a hefty car payment you know and not only is it just a car but it's also the insurance that comes with it you got to pay for tags every year depending on how much your car is you know that makes it go up even more maintenance expenses it's all a lot there's a lot that you need to consider on top of my rent you know I got to pay for a mortgage I got to pay for a website so I gotta pay for Netflix Amazon all those small little bills gas bro eight eighty dollars to fill this thing up so there's so many things that go into this car not only just that hefty monthly payment hopefully if you have a good credit score and you do finance it and you have a lower interest rate you know it's not as bad but if you finance a car have a high interest rate it gets a little tough so I want to give you guys the breakdown of you know the cars that I've had right now I'm in a Range Rover Sport this is a turbo as you guys can see a really nice car man I love it I'm super happy to have it it's just amazing that I can even this is like beyond my wildest dreams to ever even have a car like this but before this I think I was like 22 years old I bought the Mercedes c300 and I was like stoked for that man like I remember just being in the car like this is me you know you're just excited to know that you're on your own you're doing your own thing like you're supporting yourself and just to get that material item you know it it's great like it's fun you know that's a whole part of life is chasing your dreams and you know knocking down tasks or goals that you have I was a big one for me you know 22 got my Mercedes I'm like yeah well I got that Mercedes and that was cheaper than this definitely uh gas was still premium it was expensive it's just that more like luxurious aspect and that's again you want to think about the maintenance fees you want to think about all these little things that go into it but then let's talk about before the luxury vehicle before the Mercedes before the Range Rover I had a Kia Soul that was the first car that I ever financed I got as like a man I think I got 0% interest I did I got 0% rose on that Kia Soul that's the reason I got it I wanted to establish credit I thought it was a cool car at the time I was in college wasn't a big deal it's the hamster car people were roasting me like I remember the comments damn bro like what you are you riding around the hamster car for a blah blah blah like trying to roast me but I felt like that's what I liked you know I wasn't trying to impress anybody I had no need to impress anybody like I got a car I could afford it 0% interest I'm building my credit score I'm ready for my future then let's jump before that you know I'm College High School on like 17 16 17 to maybe 20 I had a a Ford sports track now that was my favorite car that was $4,000 that's it boom no financing no credit none of that just cash had that car I love that car I would still be driving that car this if I could but it ended up getting totaled and broke $4,000 man I had no worries man like honestly Oh worries $4,000 I'm chillin like you can get a car for $4,000 do it then before that had a truck it was like $500 well as you guys can see man five hundred to four thousand two more and more I don't wanna tell you guys the exact prices but the cars were expensive and you know my experience being a young person 24 I if I could go back I wouldn't have gotten this Range Rover I probably would have just kept my Mercedes I'm saying that not because I don't love this car but I feel like financially it would have just been smarter to save that additional money to pay off my student loans so even just have that money to set aside to save so I mean to be honest I've made a lot of bad mistakes being a young person man you know like I really wanted this car and I got it is it cheap not at all by no means is it cheap it gas makes me cry you know Gary Vee says I'd rather be smiling my toyota than crying in my Ferrari which I definitely understand that concept I could see how such an expensive car could really stress you out you know knowing not knowing if you can pay it things in life happen I would honestly be just as fine driving a Prius but my advice for you younger guys or girls or whoever's watching you know stick to your car run it into the ground this whole luxurious saying all this money for a car really just isn't the smartest decision to make and it's a decision that I decided to choose and you know I can speak on it at the end of the day you do what you want to do you know you do what makes you happy when I get in my car like I'm happy about it I love how nice it is like it just it motivates me is it the smartest decision no I financed it did I buy in cash no a lot of people do that some people put a huge down payment towards the car save up for your money and put 20 grand down 30 grand down to make that monthly payment lower save saving is key saving is the smart thing to but for me I mean I'm trying to save but at the same time I'm young and I want to live life to the fullest does that come with a lot of stress yes it does you know sometimes you wonder like oh man I got this hefty car payment I got to pay for gas I gotta pay for groceries I got to pay for the mortgage I got a paper to do that it's stressful it really is extremely stressful but it's a part of life and it's something that I'm proud of because I didn't take the easy way I could easily have a car that's only $250 a month and you know I'd be happy with that and life would be great companies cheesin but this car definitely puts it into perspective like a bro you better grind this month otherwise how you gonna pay your bills I think one of the best quotes I heard one of you guys actually tweeted me was pressure makes diamonds which is true sometimes financially you go under this stress that only that may break you you know definitely I've been broken but hopefully at the end of it all you're a stronger person you're a better person you're wiser and you know I think that's all the part of learning and the experiences people can tell you oh you need to do this that and that right but until you actually experience it yourself you'll never understand you'll never get that perspective so I definitely took a lot of the hard ways to other people they may think oh man his life must be great and you must have all the money in the world but I don't man I work just as hard as the next man like I'm grinding bro like I don't people don't understand I kind of hope this video just gave you that insight right you know just to kind of see should you buy a luxury car you know that's up to you I told you my experience if I could go back I probably wouldn't about it but I also got that experience and I know now you know but you know if you want to stick to the book man just save your money be smart just save it drive the car with 150 200 250 whatever your max is and stay under that cuz having a hefty car payment just makes it a lot harder for your mortgage or rent rent is only going up for us I'm I got a house so I think that's super important you know they say houses are the worst investments but I don't care I have a house now I'm not putting any more money into renting like I did in LA because I was just throwing money out the window and it was big it was a lot of money for that apartment oh it's it's all just a learning lesson man that's why I love this topic Tuesday because it gives me the ability to talk to you guys and hopefully helps me with some real-life circumstances because it's not all about sneakers bro like I've been doing some spring cleaning and I have so many shoes that I'm gonna get rid of I have so many clothes I've been donating so much stuff it feels so good to know like there's younger kids out there that are gonna get some like fresh sneakers bro so I just been trying to reevaluate everything and that's why I love this topic Tuesday I love that you guys submit real topics not only about sneakers we just enjoy adding more to this channel giving this channel a lot more value in the sense of sneakers how to style stuff fashion and just stuff that I learned you know I've been rambling on and on it's been a tough tough week right woof but yeah man that's my advice on getting a new car and if you should do it young and let me know what you guys think man you know at the end of the day do what makes you happy I will tell you getting this car makes me super happy I love getting into I love the stereo system I just love the aesthetic of it this is everything I ever wanted but also I have to grind to afford it every month it's one of those things now if you if you got the money like that you could just buy it and just chill hey good for you if you don't have it save up you know get what you want work towards your goals I think a lot of people get this this confused just work for what you want that's it you know some people are blessed and they have everything paid for where parents pay for it you know there's nothing wrong with that props to them I'm hoping that I can do that for my future kids right but for the majority of us we have to grind so that's what I'm doing Rindy you want a nice car right don't you don't always got to be smart you don't got to be smart you don't got to do the smart thing all the time and you got to learn but that's it for today's video man a lot of you guys kept asking about that hoodie that I wore the I collect Jays hoodie that's actually a sneaker life merchandise I think I'll be doing a pre toreador Sunday so lookout Sunday this Sunday I'm just doing a pre-order so everything is gonna be made on demand it's a nice hoodie nice print it'll last you so I'll do maybe like a pre-order for the week and if you want I'm telling you I'm only gonna drive at this one time so just if you want it the pre-orders gonna go through that week can get it put on a hoodie I can get a t-shirt I can get a long-sleeve you guys I'll give you that ability on the website so stay tuned for that man if you could please let's get back on this topic Tuesday a thousand likes I know I know I missed a few Tuesday's and obviously y'all a little salty about it cuz you ain't give me a thousand likes so man if you could just give me a thousand likes bro it would mean the world big Tings you were sneaking live I'll catch you the next one running [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @melaniasolano3750 [2 likes]: I really loved this — not enough content for younger people out there. I work hard and have driven the same Toyota since I was 16, 380k KM later I’m looking at an Audi...but I still don’t know.
  2. @razvandobos9759 [1 likes]: Best luxury cars to buy young are some older used ones that are Japanese (Acura and Lexus, they’ll run forever) or a Mercury Grand Marquis or a Lincoln Town Car, which both will run well over 1 million KM and will take a LOT of punishment.
  3. @alen1179 [1 likes]: "pressure makes diamonds" but have you ever seen how good a fighter fights when he has nothing to lose?
  4. @007kuldeepsaproo [1 likes]: Warning for middle class people Plz don't buy used luxury cars  it is really sucidecal decision to buy these cars  bcz spere parts and maintenance of these cars are very expensive..
  5. @shadowofpain8144: As long as you have a decent set of tools and know how to use them. I find repairs are repairs if you are doing it yourself the stealerships and shops charge the same hourly rate no matter the brand. If you can't fix a car today you probably shouldn't own any or where you use to budget 500 now budget 5,000.00
  6. @9mmdump: Do your own maintenance, saves you 80% pretty much. Buy a car used, and outright. If you’re making payments on a depreciating asset (that also costs to own) then you’re taking away from investing more in yourself! Thanks for sharing your experience!
  7. @JokerCat9: The key with luxury cars is to get one you can afford.
  8. @rickperoni250: I like cars but it is a waste of money, you could be investing that money. Nobody cares what you drive
  9. @brittneythompson2041: I got one Question, is it more expensive to maintain an older luxury car than a new one?  Like if I get a 2015 Lexus or infinity or Mercedes c class would it cost a lot more to maintain than a newer version of those cars
  10. @lrobinzine: I'd like to know how you feel about your Range Rover now? It's been about 3 years now right? I was in the market and decided not to get the Velar because of reliability issues. What has been your experience?
  11. @Kid_Infamous: Ahh shit, those who know, know that the SportTrac was his best bang for buck
  12. @ZammyJ: How much is your car and insurance payment together ?
  13. @AndrewBibay101: I have a Lexus IS250 and it hasn’t given me problems. Well it’s a Toyota to its core but no surprise. But yeah I think it depends really. A reliable luxury brand? Then yeah. But one that will cost arm and leg in repairs? No thanks.
  14. @parisbennett3998: Watching this video cos I drive a 95 Corolla w 205k miles. I want to buy a 2020 sonata really bad... any advice ?
  15. @christopherbenn3428: Get what you want I’m 20 with a Lincoln MKZ we all get blessed at certain times of our life keep pushing 🙏🏾
  16. @rudrakshsachdeva6204: I definitely understand your point and I feel your right it's better own a civic and have cash in your account rather than owning a range rover and not even being able to fill the tanks
Bro I get your point and keep up the good work!!!!
  17. @101grandengamer7: Vascues xd
  18. @Gouyamusic: With all due respect I believe you interpreted Gary vee wrong. He was referring to doing something you love for less money than doing something you hate for more money. Just wanted to fill you in boss
  19. @personsofinterestband6013: Great topic, love the honesty. Wish you all the best.
  20. @-Hooman-: My first car when i started driving i paid 37k cash second one i paid 49k cash then keep going on i hate financing or leasing i just purchase it right away driving it for less then 3 years when is get close to M.O.T test which i don't really bother with I get rid-off it and leave it with the second owner if you can afford it go for it life is very short and we our time is limited we will not be around for ever

- How Luxury Car Brands Brainwash You to Buy: Kind: captions Language: en this is the brand new Rolls-Royce Spectre and costs over $530,000 and today I'm in Beverly Hills going undercover to expose how these luxury car brands brainwash you to buy using dark psychological principles first up is Rolls-Royce I'm heading inside to see what dark tactics that they use to get me to buy and here is our first suspect what's this colorful this guy's already on to me down so we switched to our secret recording glasses which were used to capture all of the Unseen tactics that these brands use to 10x their profits the start St the illuminated you start it up here those three features alone cost well over $30,000 if you don't know me I'm sub subby I'm an investor on Shark Tank I've generated $7.8 billion for my clients I let him know that I was a serious buyer and was looking for a new car for Wii but before I could take this thing for a test drive I was forced to check out their bespoke Design Center all the materials you get to pick from people do the red huh and this is where the real money is made it's not only the extras it's the colors that change the colors you can get there's a color that has actually glass in it so it is more GL it's just more intense some of these interior options can cost upwards of $20,000 that alone is the price of a used Tesla treat fine let's take this puppy for a test drive it feels like being in a cloud the electric is ridiculous it is this is the ultim now here's where he'll pull out all the stops and do the real selling how long was this in the plans 100 years they wanted 100 years they wanted to be electrical for originally because it's you can't hear anything in their engine he told me that this model I was driving cost a whopping $545,000 120 Grand of EX yeah but you have a package Spector package which is 20,000 bondet up there is another 10 grand stereo is 10 Starlet doors 13 everything roll does is extra with the cost of the upgrades alone you could buy a brand new new Mercedes S-Class you're done where you going from here Rolls-Royce are absolute Masters At The Red Velvet Rope pricing strategy The Velvet Rope pricing illusion is where Brands double down on the price they don't shy away from it and then they build value to that price and you think [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is so expensive it must be the good the whole time he was talking about this is how much it cost and he wasn't shying away from the price he came out and told me straight away this is how much all the extras cost and that this thing is going to be $530,000 the family's arriving next week I I wouldn't drive this to Yos but yeah we're going to go out there no you would really why not but then he went on to tell me about all of the craftsmanship that go actually into this he used the price to actually build the value and make me want it in the first place and then just kept on repeating once you drive in a Rolls-Royce you are done the problem is when you get in this you're you're done you're done this goes against everything that most sales people do when selling they'll do everything to not tell you the price until they've made their pitch where Rolls-Royce does the opposite they actually drop the price up front and then build value to that price up sound this has the adaptive cruise control heads up display he was a Season Pro but this was nothing compared to what's coming next at McLaren and here we have McLaren these guys do over $1.1 billion per year in sales but here's the thing they only sell 2,000 units of their cars per year as I head inside to check out a brand new 750s and gritted by absolutely no one no one's coming to help us who do we have to Wrangle around here to sell us at $454,000 car like it looks like a Game Boy it's like full analog like not like modern especially after being in the rolls it feels like it's like very durable but it doesn't like is all carbon fiber the thing about McLaren is they're all about performance half of their revenue comes from merch and the affiliation with Formula 1 all right they were still ignoring me so I went up and asked about the car how many of those do you make year uh this is one of 60 in the world that has this Li bro didn't even introduce himself this particular one is celebrating Leon I don't even know what that means but it sounds provocative I've got the lambo but my buddies are really trying to convince me to get a McLaren what would you say the biggest differences this BR is really cool really cool I used to manage for 4 years in Lamborghini for five port for 10 years technology you're not spending 3 million right now you're spending under half a million what a bargain all our doors open the yeah sick all our cars are you starting to sell more halfway through his pitch he abandoned me once again to take a quick phone call and I was back to waiting around for help so McLaren is clearly using the rude sales clug strategy these guys didn't even serve us for the first 10 minutes that we were in there I had to literally go knock on the dude's office door and be like yo we're hit to by car all right we'll do once they came out they were very stand off CU we're the number one dealer we've been selling [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] really one [Music] second it wasn't until I flexed on these guys I've got the lambo did he start to give me the attention that it is that I wanted there's been studies that show that the rudder that the sales clerk is the higher the sales and the person comes in with a bit of Chip of their and they want to feel included no one's coming to help us and as a result of that you've being mean to them and they're like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this guy like I'm going to buy this Lambo or I'm going to buy this McLaren right now it's definitely a tactic that these guys use one second most businesses they do the opposite and if you're just way too over the top people don't believe you they feel like you're just going to tell them everything that it is that they want to hear instead what you want to do is be a little bit more laidback and you're going to make way more sales I had to chill out after that one so I headed over to Bentley to see exactly what these expert Craftsmen have in store they hand make each one only sell 6,000 cars per year and make $3.1 billion doing so I don't know much about Bentley going into this aside from the fact that they're supposed to be really high quality and are really expensive right off the bat this guy greeted me with a handshake and a smile sa nice to I told him I was looking for something that I could drive every day back to my $64 million alibu Mansion what would you recommend is it just going to be you and someone else usually have like I've got three kids but this is going to be predominantly for me G he had me take a look at a brand new Continental GT which starts at a base price of over $27,000 this is the new Bentley cotal GT when you said that these are hand stitched literally literally mhm all the leather that you see here this cowhide yeah goes through a mineral D process okay this guy went on to talk about the intricacies of the steering wheel for a whole 5 minutes father was doing it his father was doing it and it's Generations just with the steering handle alone wow it's the craftsmanship these engines they last forever it's insane really really beautiful harmonious like in between of luxury and Port you can just feel it it feels great you know hand crafting everything should we outside and have a look at one yeah let's throughout his entire sales pitch he kept on just harping on about the craftsmanship and how they make these all by hand and kept telling these stories about every single detail he did a good job sing no he just St to believe that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but there was one thing that went horribly wrong during his pitch something par oh what's that doing did you see that I put my phone in the middle of the dash and he saw he saw the recording thing and he was like I just saw like this hot wave of heat run through his body and was like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that guy was on to it thought for sure he was going to call us out I went in there just to see what they were doing but my God he told a beautiful beautiful story he was talking about how generations of people have been sewing the steering wheels he sat with the grandfather and saw how he hands stitched everything I was like man like I might actually buy one of these cars this guy's doing such an incredible job and that just goes to show how far a good story will go and most business owners they have an incredible story to tell just telling people that you go from a merchant to a brand where people are bought into what it is that you're doing and that you are the best person to help them solve this problem in the first place next up is Porsche these guys do an insane 44.6 billion a year in revenue and sell over 320,000 cars and what's even crazier about these guys is they are the number one luxury and premium brand in the world beating out Brands like Louis Vuitton and Chanel and the sneakiest move that Porsche is known for is their elaborate price ladder so let's go on in and let's see if they use this tactic on us the price ladder is where Brands lure you in on their lowest cost option yeah I just want to come and look at a 911 okay you want sure and then cleverly work you all the way up their lineup until you leave the store spending way more than you had planned to 301 not bad man this feels more Loco way more racy even than like the McLaren like this all carbon fiber is this the top of the race yeah this one go yeah I asked her to show me the cheapest 9911 model so we headed upstairs let's see if she pulls the price ladder on me this model is started with corera then it goes to the c s and they go to the C 4S from fourwh Drive SC yeah I'm looking for an everyday driver So Def 4S is always the best op she just walked me up the price ladder by $100,000 like it was nothing this is a fors the new one is around 200 to 220 okay so it starts at 220 yes what do you sell the most of course yeah but she was just getting started I told her that I wanted to buy so she took me upstairs to her office let me go to the website because also trer is good for every she's really trying to sell me into one of the most expensive cars the $243,000 Turbo S so that's one you recommend turbo better yes but it doesn't stop there one of her Associates has entered the chat but what about picking like the paints and the interiors and Stu you can't they're ranging probably around 20 over now we're up to a minimum of $263,000 just depends on how many we get so it's going to be around 7 8 months and then it's going to take 3 to 4 months to get here you know the demand is extremely high on this last round hopefully we get it all six or seven allocation spots if we get two or three yeah it's going to be pretty nuts dude that was definitely the ritualized buying process I've ever seen it seriously these guys were telling me that wanted to change the color of the car I was going to have to wait a year and a half in order to get it if you think of anything that is luxurious you always associate a long period of time either to make that or to buy it if the process takes a long time to get it then you naturally want it more and you associate a higher level of quality with things that take time to get you can get your info just reach out to you probably be middle of December when you have inventory you really feel like you're earn it you're earning the right to buy this car that is ritualizing the buying process and that's going to make that person want to actually sign up even more we are on our way to Lambo in a Lambo to go see if we can buy a Lambo so we're going to get dripped out as a crypto millionaire I thought I was these people don't know what's coming so we want to see how they treat us any different I'm going out there dripped out either crypto millionaire or rapper but we're going on into Lambo these guys do over $2.9 billion per year in sales and sell over 10,000 cars and everybody knows Lamborghini they are like the Gucci of the car market as soon as you see a Lambo rolling down the street you know what's up so let's head on inside see what are the strategies that they're going to use against us and I got to say this one is by far the craziest as soon as we got inside this guy immediately asked I wanted to see their brand new $800,000 RTO RTO r you can see I asked him if they sell a lot of units for real the number one in the world but he said that they have absolutely zero inventory what's the allocation like on that it's no chance no chance zero chance for how long for production I have 50 deposit that I'm pretty sure I going to do like so there's no point even sitting in it then I can't W you can feel the size all right let's check this thing out to feel the size let's go man when I saw the launch video I was like I don't know about the shape but when you see it in real life they don't do it justice to M black matte black in this with the back this is mean I can see why you got 50 deposit I'll admit it this thing was SI the photos do nothing compared to what this is like in real life so I asked him what it look like to actually buy this thing and if I do want one like what is what do you think if a car becomes available it rely happens some cents order the car and their money situation change then we will say hey yeah I like the M black black is that Bitcoin never lets you down so you saw that the first thing that came out of that guy's mouth was we have zero inventory I'm like zero and he's like zero I guarantee you that this guy is going to text me today at some stage and say that he has found some inventory this is manufactured scarcity guaranteed this is a textbook play for these Brands so I went about my day to see this guy would text me back and honestly it didn't take long until I heard from him nice meeting you I'll keep you posted there is a big shipment arriving on Friday if anything becomes available I will let you know you don't want to hate the player hate the game we need to move fast he's letting me know it's going to be urgent so if something does come up I'm going to need to buy this thing immediately and now he sent me four other messages shipment came in early at my sister Store look at what I found he found the black of all M exactly what I wanted yeah I like the mte black m black is with the red calipers dude and they had zero inventory available of this you're going to buy it for me right these Brands they manufacture their scity only been 2 hours no longer interested question marks straight up rude sales clerk strategy and look it's a little bit questionable the ethics behind exactly how they do it cuz they're not being completely truthful or forthright this guy wouldn't stop hitting me up to buy this Thing 2 hours later I have a missed call on a product that I was told they have zero allocation and zero inventory of no chance whatever it is that you're selling there is going to be scarcity to it the simple Act of saying how many items are in stock and that's going to want to make people buy it so if this video gets 500,000 likes I'll go in and buy the lambo if you like this video you'll love the one that we did on luxury fashion brands like subscribe and I'll see you in the next one the Bitcoin never lets you down

  Top Comments:
  1. @SarvesshSatya [1 likes]: Le Mans is like a racing series
  2. @LW11-f3p [1 likes]: 10:46 67!!!!🥀😔✌️🤡
  3. @shelloiluk: Bentley guy is 100 pers t full of rubbish. I’m a Brit and know the factory.
  4. @namechange94: the reason the rude salemens works is because no one goes fishing to catch minows, you want the biggest meanest looking fish in the whole lake. if you didnt make it difficult to reel it in, your just going to throw it back .
  5. @pcdotcom007: He is just reading of the sticker 🤦‍♂️
  6. @SavaNedev: you don't need 500K likes to buy the revuelto that's more than your subscribers - 5K likes is enough ahahaha it's sick
  7. @PCs454: why do the sales guys  sound like a  movie villian 😭😭     some sort of reverb on his voice  or something too
  8. @chokeped: The price is doubled in Thailand :(
  9. @JohnCitizen-w2k: With the price of Range Rover these days...
  10. @richarddavison6031: I’m sorry but that first rolls in the intro has a horrible paint job
  11. @carguy3910: Does anyone else think Sabri looks like Andrew Tate (Especially with the sunglasses on). Honestly I think that makes Sabri extra perfect to conduct this secret shopper experiment.
  12. @IvanMatanovic-ko7ii: Greetings from Croatia! Brabus friend Brabus!
  13. @suparno_yt: Bro these sales tactics aren’t unethical, just CHEAP
  14. @ggs511: If it’s not too much trouble, can you do one on first/business class cabins on flights?
  15. @StepUpTribe: I like the games these brands play
  16. @Outdooranthony1: Buy the Lambo great spec
  17. @888mystq: Text for the matte black Revuelto came in at 1:11pm as well. Divine Alignment all day for these psy-ops!

“ALL Is Mind—The Universe Is Mental…” ~ The Kybalion 👁️👑✨
  18. @csep917: My 7 series does all of that at 1/6 the price lol
  19. @dereklaverne7608: Curious to why you went to Porsche BEFORE Lamborghini, even though they're a way huger brand and bring in by far more revenue.
  20. @Promamn1: 10:46 67 🥶🥶

- My Luxury Car Was a Stupid Purchase | The Honest Truth on Why I Made This Purchase.: Kind: captions Language: en feel like I'm facing my demons every time I make these videos because I promised I wouldn't hold anything back and I'd be really honest the entire time and that is really hard to do because I haven't told anybody most of this stuff and now I'm telling YouTube the whole YouTube world it is anxiety producing my name is L and I am on a personal finance journey to get out of debt to rebuild my savings account and investment accounts which I have drained and not get out of debt and rebuild it but to increase my salary to $200,000 and my savings to at least $100,000 so my worst financial decision so far um is my 2021 Range Rover Evoke and I'm going to tell you why I was with an ex-boyfriend who was very um financially comfortable and so in most of the cars I had I had a Mercedes G La a I had a Volvo and then I had a 2018 White Range Rover Evoke and in all of these he helped me out he ended up putting like a large down payment to get my payments where I was comfortable paying that amount every single month and so my 2018 Range Rover Evoke white uh I love that car I was paying a payment of about $400 which I could comfortably afford because he paid for almost everything I paid for groceries for the house so we put that down and while I had that car I ended up leaving him I exited the relationship after 10 years because it was a volatile relationship and it was very toxic and although he was a kind and generous man he had some issues and I just for my own mental stability I had to leave so I left him I also ended up leaving my marketing job at the same time and decided to this was also during covid decided to get into real estate here's where I went wrong I during this time was um getting into real estate knowing I wouldn't have a steady income and so when I decided to get a car and my lease ran out which was going to run out pretty soon I knew that they would look at my income which was nothing and say we can't give you a car lease like you don't qualify because you don't have any money coming in so there was two reasons why I was in a rush to get the car get a new car and this was my big mistake the first reason was because my lease was coming up the second is because he doesn't even know this I've never said this out loud but the second was because I was dating somebody new and quite honestly to be totally vulnerable and blunt I felt like if I didn't keep up a certain lifestyle that I wasn't worthy of him liking me and wanting to date me he is um a businessman and he is the best person I know but he also has a lot of friends who are he belongs to a country club he has a lot of friends who are Uber Uber uber wealthy like a wealth that I can't even imagine and I felt like even having this nice car the older white 2018 wasn't good enough like I had to have the best of the best in present a certain way which is so freaking stupid now me knowing now like he doesn't he doesn't give a honestly he doesn't care like I could drive a I I could have a bicycle and he doesn't care but I didn't know at the time and I had low self-esteem um which is still hard to say I I I I but I think I did and I place my value on materialistic things so I wanted to impress him and the people around him and I wanted to feel better about myself so instead of buying out my white 2018 Range Rover which I would have had a low payment because we put a big down payment on it um and I usually ended up paying more than what my car payment was I would have been fine I ended up getting into a brand new 2021 I think it was during 2021 that I got this range over evoke I put $10,000 down to get my payment around 550 and I drove off the lot and um I was fine I was happy I felt like I could still do this it was fine even though I threw $10,000 down the drain but my boyfriend lived in a different state from me he lived an hour away from me and as we started to get more serious I sold real estate in one state he lived in another state an hour away and as I started to get more serious I started to spend more nights at his place and less time at home so that meant it came up to the point where I was 5 to six days a week I was staying at his place and then driving to my place in the morning and I put on so much mileage on my car that by the time it came to get out of it and get a new one which was this past fall I was completely underwater on it so I had a choice of either paying them $1 ,000 and then getting into another vehicle and my payment because of interest rates would have been at like $900 to pay each month and um or I could buy it out which I ended up doing and I have a payment of 550 but it's worth like $118,000 right now and I owe about 27,000 on it and if I had to do it all over again I would not have done that I would have kept the white one and honestly what I want to do now if I could is just get rid of this car and get a cheap little convertible for like $10,000 and then just be done with it like I just don't care I I don't even care about cars I don't even care about them like I could give a do care about the vanity metric of the brand I do I like Mercedes I like a Range Rover but um it was just so stupid and so that's where I'm at right now I'm also trying to pay down my car loan I'm trying to put anywhere from 700 to ,000 on it each month so I can kind of meet in the middle I'm not driving anymore we live together don't put a lot of mileage on this car anymore and then hopefully traded in to get a little car with very little to no payment but it was a big mistake um I I purchased this car I I leased this car for all the wrong reasons I rushed into it I don't even like the color um I would have done it differently and I'm ashamed to say why I did it but that's uh my big regret so I'll talk to you next time okay thanks bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @typhoon320i [1 likes]: Lady.... after seeing a bunch of your videos...you are still waaaaay too materialistic.
You can tell just by the way you talk about luxury items, to this day.
Your desire for things hasn't changed. You are just on a crash diet from spending
  2. @mdogzino [1 likes]: Men do this too lol, but they would never admit the finicial mistake of buying an $80,000 truck while making $2900 a month.
  3. @dennisdivine7448: Range Rovers and Land Rovers have hideous reputations for consumer reliability. Along those lines, the upscale luxury cars such Mercedes are notoriously expensive to own and maintain. A person can get a vehicle like a Honda Pilot (used) and it'll last forever.
  4. @aradasky: Your soul is healing.
  5. @protox07: I like your videos Don't Be A Lemon
  6. @Dayami005: I love your honesty ❤❤❤ thank you for sharing. So many of us are dealing with your same struggles.
  7. @johnjriggsarchery2457: Buying European luxury cars eliminates the possibility of paying them off and keeping them after warranty. Do you not research longevity and maintenance costs?
  8. @carolinebeetz: Thank you for being vulnerable. You are my muse lately.
  9. @owenmclain3327: Basic transportation works for me.  No need to spend so much on a depreciating investment that loses most of its value in a little over 3 years. 

Of  course if you have the wealth , go for it.
  10. @km3musiclab: Keeping up appearance is always harmful financially. The good thing is you got 'TOTALLY HONEST' with yourself. That also takes courage. Now your mind it right. Good for you.
  11. @DavidFirth-mp6pv: "I don't even care about cars" !!!! Nail hit on the head. Cars are better as transport than status symbols. But I'm stating the obvious! Nice video 👍
  12. @vishizzy: Bro was he toxic or not lmao.  Whole video she crying about him
  13. @arcanesoothsayer6758: Range Rovers have poor quality and high maintenance on average if you’re thinking about a used one
  14. @mdogzino: Guys don't care how rich you are if they like you honestly. U  could work at McDonald's and drive a 30 year old beater as long as you treat them nice they like the way you look that's mostly what we care about.
  15. @MBB563: i went bankrupt in 2000...dead broke. It was a great lesson, it changed my life. I literally became obsessed with saving and investing. Once I reestablished my credit, I paid off cc every month, not a drop of interest. And I splurged when needed...not throwing away money. Today my porfolio is 1.6 million, zero debt, 808 credt score, just a  400 monthly car payment - 2025 GMC Terrain, a poor mans luxury car.  I live a simple life, i vacation 3 times a year, cheaply. I eat out, twice a month, and maybe buy a few summer polo shirts for at target, and always a nice smart phone. Im happy...stress free, thank GOD, not worrying about my future or how Im going to pay the rent....yes I rent, renting has its perks if you do it right. Home buying is a money pit, fastest way to go broke! Unless you have children it's a must. Too many people get caught up in the image of wealth, shiney glowing premium products, high end purses, SUVs, homes, fashion, dream vacations, spas...this stuff will kill you, it's a trap. It will bankrupt your future, cause health issues, ruin your marriages, and eventually youll wipe out your youth chasing the wind. Everything willl come crashing down. The sad part is, you wont see the financial damages or the trail of destruction til your 60's when it's too late.  Look up elderly poverty, it's really bad. Also stay away  (men) from females that love the high life...she will drain you, it's a curse. Nothing more attractive than a CLASSY chic that knows the value of money.
  16. @SINdaBlock411: Lol the car wasnt the problem 😂 dear Christ
  17. @18_rabbit: weeeellll.  Technically ya only made one true error, and that's 'country club'
  18. @Brooklyn-rj3np: Range rovers are very expensive to maintain and keep alive. Oof. Once its paid off, you will be ok. You got this
  19. @archieh4058: People (Woman) would rather have a $2,000 purse with $100 in it than a $100 purse with $2,000 in it.
  20. @ZirandaHope: Totally off topic… you’re such a pretty girl… “classy lady”

- Kid Sues His Own Father For Not Buying Him Expensive Car.: Kind: captions Language: en today I'm judge Porter oh it's a long story pretty much my father uh promised me a great reward you know for all the great things I've done growing up and this is by no way an an extension of the way I brought him up which I assure you was not what you're seeing in he he is a transformed person I can't believe you're doing this to your father and now I'm wondering damn does he even love this man [Music] all right the course now session the honorable Judge Porter will preside everyone please be seated thank you so much uh we have case number 7313 Benny Crespo versus Omar Crespo gentlemen if you come to the podium please Benny Crespo I assume it's your honor uh are you do you know who Omar Crespo is I think so unfort and what's your relationship to Mr this creso here he's my son okay sad to say now for the purposes of this court since you guys share the same last name I will be referring to you as Mr Benny and I refer to you as Mr Omar is that okay gentlemen yes you're okay um Mr Benny sir you show that you're suing your father for $60,000 in for emotional distress am I reading this correctly yes you're honor cor you mind telling the court what happened well it's a long story but pretty much I need you to speak up just a little bit sir okay oh it's a long you know he always promised me if I did well in the classroom well in sports you know he he'll reward me greatly and you know now that the time is here I'm of age he's not keeping his how old are you now sir uh I just turned 21 December 21 okay yes your honor uh and you know my birthday and Christmas happen to be you know kind of close together so um usually years in the past I would get a gift for both my birthday and Christmas but as of recent he's got a a pay raise and you know with that comes you know greater rewards as he's promised me and um you know as for my birthday you know 21 2 21 is a big deal and um I asked for you know a luxury car uh you know Lamborghini I'm sorry you asked for what now a luxury car yeah luxury car for your birthday Yer your honor okay um what type of luxury car are we talking about uh you know um anything from a a Porsche Lamborghini uh Ferrari you know I have standards and it's important to have standards in life and what he gifted me wasn't any of those you know I got a basic electric vehicle if you can call it that it's not really uh not really a vehicle I would say first you can't hear it uh it has no motor no engine two you have to charge it if I wanted to charge something you know I could easily just charge my phone and um yeah it's just if you wanted to charge something you can just charge your phone yes your honor I don't see why I have to charge my vehicle if I can easily just have something better that I can just put gas in and go I don't have to sit around and wait to charge a vehicle doesn't make sense I'm I'm curious I'm curious Mr Benny where where do you reside uh with my father you stay in his house yes your honor okay Mr Omar your honor your SP your honor please please if I if I please explain this to me if I may if I may I can't believe you're doing this to your father I don't see the problem George for judge Porter this is I don't want you to get the wrong impression this is by no way an an extension of the way I brought him up which I assure you was not what you're seeing in he he is a transformed person pretty sure I'm pretty sure that the standards that you instilled in him are kind of different from the standards he has now but please explain to me what is going on I'm I'm trying to understand oh gosh oh boy judge portra you got me at a loss for words right now I have to admit I don't think I would be you know standing here acting like this if it he's claiming I wasn't raised like this well I mean I don't think I'll be standing what what what what are you doing okay Mr Omar let me ask you this question Mr Omar he stays in your house does he live in your house he was born and has lived in our house my wife a nice house for the last 21 years does he go to school yes he's uh currently going to college 4.0 GPA at 4.0 GPA at that he's a great student who pays for his tuition he actually got a full right scholarship oh so he has a full right scholarship academics or Sports both academic 4.0 GPA which we're very proud of and he is an exceptionally gifted basketball player okay as well Mr Mr Ben let me ask you this question as far as this basketball scholarship goes um do you have an nil deal you know what that is yes your honor okay the name image and likeness do you have that how much are you paid for that uh I would say an additional 50,000 so the school pays you $50,000 in addition to giving you the athletic scholarship it's a full ride scholarship yes so you don't have to pay for anything no sir um plus of that you have the stip in for the nil deal yes sir okay Mr Omar please continue Sir George Porter if I may I I like to say uh a few things about myself myself and my son just so you can get a better understanding of things that are not on paper please explain this I came to this country when I was 21 years old from Argentina okay I was born in Buenos ctis Argentina I came when I was 21 without anyone okay my parents died when I was seven in Argentina and I had to stay with an aunt who was a very mean person but you know that's not either here nor there she raised me and I'm thankful for that when I turned 21 I decided I wanted to come to the United States for a better life and that's exactly what I did and I have been working every single day of my life until today I can't believe that you're bringing me to court on a on a work day you know how difficult it is for me to take a day off I can't believe you hold on you had a chance to speak let me ask you this question Mr Omar not and I'm not going to get into the finances of the situation I'm assuming that um are you are um you have your own business or you work for a company I uh I work for a major company I you work for a major company now without getting into the financials I'm assuming because of his request that you can afford a luxury car yes I'm not you can afford and and you probably can't afford a Porsche Ferrari Lamborghini whatever he requested I would say that okay but you have the financials that if you wanted to make that happen you can make that happen I could probably make your chance now it's his turn son excuse me one let me ask you this question when you came here from Argentina I did uh did you have that type of money I never had any money to my name so you didn't have type of money to buy yourself a luxury car like that absolutely not I had to work for everything I have every day of my life I had no parents I didn't even have a family for Christ's sake so you had to work to get to where you are now I have had to work every single day of my life since I was 7even years do you have do you have a college degree I do not I am not I am not a college uh educator person I am a self-taught man okay so by by by from a financial standpoint would you consider yourself to be successful well that's a tough question Mr Porter it's a tough question I mean I am quote unquote yes you can call it a successful person but I'm not a rich person you're better off you're better off than most I should say rather I would say I'm middle class plus middle class plus if you want to look look at it that way and and your son is so suing you and why did you decide to buy him a electrical vehicle instead of the car that he wanted please explain please we've had this conversation already no no no tell me I'm curious I'm just curious of course so my wife and I originally wanted to buy him a uh what we call in the Spanish Community a transportation which is basically a uh cheap car with high miles just to get him you know from point A to point B which is essentially all he needs he's a college student he's not like he's going to go party every day he has to go to school and then we decided because he's been such an exceptionally gifted student that we were going to buy him a nice car so we got him an electric vehicle which I consider to be I don't know the way you guys look at it but I consider an electric vehicle a a a luxury car I got a $40,000 car without getting into the making model of the electric car that you purchase what I do know that they are not cheap they're not and on average day cost at least 50 $60,000 starting am I correct in saying that very least at the very least yes sir that's pretty cheap that's not cheap I'm sorry what that's pretty cheap it's cheap yeah because you don't know where money comes from uh okay I don't know here's where do do you do you see what I have to deal with are you seeing what I'm dealing with oh I'm hearing every word of this yes sir add something um the fact that he even had the idea of getting me a a low in cheap start out car I kind of find that disrespectful it's disrespectful yes I have an image to uphold you know is this your only child sir this is my only child Josh Porter do you see what I have to deal with Mr Benny that even helps my case more I'm an only child he can you know I understand that M SP whole Budget on me there's no other kid B what have I done for you your entire life if not give you everything you have a roof you have food to eat and you have an electric car and you're going to college paid for by the state what are you complaining about so why couldn't you just get me the car I wanted because you don't deserve it that's why because you have to learn that the the principle of working for what you want you want you want you want a Ferrari you want a Ferrari you go to the NBA get drafted by the NBA you buy Ferrari okay I got you a nice car I've been working hard in the class 4.0 GPA has been building up I'm the captain of the basketball team I have an image to upload everyone in the school knows who I am I can't pull up in an electric vehicle Mr Omar Mr Omar sir I'll take it from here Mr Porter this is a Mr binnie yes you're honor I first I want to commend you for your grade point average I want to commend you for that thank you you have made a dedication to your academics uh it appears to me you've made a dedication to receiving your degree what are you studying in school sir um actually I'm studying cyber security cyber security okay so once you have your degree you have a foundation to go through life and and and and make a living for yourself I want to commend you for for putting in the work to receiving a basketball scholarship there are plenty of people out there who have athletic talent but they don't have the discipline to to put it together where they can receive a college scholarship I want to commend you for that thank you okay here's where you are a disappointment this man owes you nothing thank you he owes you absolutely nothing you are an adult you are a grown man this is the first step in being your own person he has done his job when you were a baby they made sure that you were fed that you were clothed that you had shelter they did their job let me ask hold on for a second sir did he go to private school or public school I he Benny went to private schools life wait a minute so he went to private schools were they free for you or did you have to pay for that absolutely not you're an educated man Mr Porter so you you you must know the cost of private tuition it's not cheap so they paid for you to have the best education just they make this I understand that but there are people out there who don't have the ability to go to some of the best schools I understand that but I didn't ask to be put in a private school that was their choice you know what you're right they could have sent you to public school yeah this is unbelievable as a matter of fact as a matter of fact as a matter of fact he could have said something like you know what I'm going to put him in a boarding school somewhere and let somebody else deal with him I'm going to spend all my time with my wife because apparently there's no other children precisely they made the sacrifice so you can have okay he bought you a car whether it's an electric car or what we used to call a jalape you had a car to get from point A to point B and how your friends think about it who cares what they think about okay are you here to satisfy their image or are you here to satisfy your own because when you start being concerned about what other people think about you you are setting yourself up for failure don't get give a damn what other people care about if you show up in a bicycle your job is to get your education your job is to play basketball you said you're the captain of the basketball team my job here is to lead us to a conference Championship and so be it maybe we can win a National Championship who cares how you get there if you come across a young lady and she laughs at the car who cares that means that she's superficial she cares about what you have not about who who you are be concerned about who you are love the fact that you have a mother and a father who care about you because guess what there are parent there are kids out there who don't have that okay they don't have a mother and a father who were there to support them because I tell you what because you're grown if that man right now said you know what get the hell out of my house where are you going to stay you can use that $50,000 that you get from the school to get your own place but you know what you can use that $50,000 you can put that in into a bank it can grow you can invest it whatever you have help and you are so blind to that fact you don't even see this man is still helping you and you have dragg him into court you don't recognize that you don't appreciate that and now I'm wondering damn does he even love this man I don't have my father here I didn't have a good relationship with my father I wish I did I had a mother who cared for me I had a sister who cared for me and they helped get me to where I am right now on this judge's bench if these people walk away from you right now who you going to have your friends the ones that want to see you drive up in the Ferrari when the when the Ferrari crashes you think they're going to be there for you hell no they don't care about you they care about hey he's a fun guy to hang out with hey he can help us win the championship but when when when it goes sideways the only people who are going to be there for you are the people who are there for you right now and if you can't recognize that I don't know what to tell you like he said you want to get a Ferrari you work hard you get drafted in the NBA and you go out and you buy yourself Ferrari I wouldn't recommend doing that because there are a lot of guys who make it to the NBA they get the money and then there next thing you know 10 years from now everything's gone this man has success sucessfully made it on his own follow his leadership are you listening to the judge the experience that he has he can give it to you so even if you gra when you graduate if you don't make it into the league and you under your cyber security thing this man has the education and the experience to help you grow hell you could probably be bigger than he is and then you could buy as many Ferraris as you like and you can buy me one too that would be nice no but my friend listen to me and listen to me well do not dictate your life on materialistic stuff do not dictate your life on how other people see you because like I said when the chips get down all those people are going to walk away from you every single time you're young you don't have life experience yet your father has life experience you better learn from him because there's going to come a day when he's not here there's going to come a day when your mom isn't going to be here and on that day you will cry you will cry you will cry and you will wish that you had them for the smallest little things like maybe just talking about the weather you better learn to appreciate it while you have them now and take the knowledge that they have so you can improve your own life am I makinging myself clear yes you're on it you do understand this case has been dismissed right yes you're H it okay have a nice day thank you George Porter I appreciate your time come on son come on it'll be fine we'll have a nice talk when we get home drink some mate we'll talk about it we'll figure it out okay all right on behalf of myself and my family I'd like to thank Jorge Porter and the mango Park Community for making the right decision here today um I have had that I have had many conversations with my son about what went down in court today but I think hearing it from George Porter himself will send the right message and clarify many things for him and I have noticed an ongoing pattern of young people in this community not listening to their elders and I think the decision that was made here today is very important for us and for the entire community and for the whole world so thank you for that Mr repter I really appreciate you this whole thing was complete nonsense you know I kind I find it kind of stupid how I'm leaving here empty-handed uh not getting what I know I deserve and definitely earned um you know judge Porter I think in my opinion he's just being biased towards my father because he's older he can relate to him more I'm younger uh so he he can't really relate to me and of course he's just going to side with him so prob when we get home this is going to be a very very uh quiet car ride so I'll probably just you know try to talk to my mom and see if she'll get me what I want um hopefully you know she has you know some more sense and knows what I actually deserve

  Top Comments:
  1. @gregorysuarez-v5u [1 likes]: If I had done this I would have been kicked out of the house , and the car taken back. This person is self centered  , way to full of him self , malajusted, egotistical spoiled brat that needs a reality chck.
  2. @unclekevin5094 [1 likes]: Here is your birthday present son. The key to the front door. Please lock it on your way out.
  3. @Ldkelectrons: God bless you Judge Porter. You're a saint and called for this job ❤❤❤
  4. @hanifturner2590: You are a good man but a weak example of a father. Only when my kids were small I treated them like this till they gradually had to work for shit around here with no material rewards. rewards rewards
  5. @محمدكنيف-ت9ح: who find out that man wears a pink shirt?Sue's he's dad what is wears the blue and gray shirt ‏‪1:03‬‏
  6. @melindasutton8029: Hell now he'd  be put out and I'd take my car back oh my kids are so selfish
  7. @Luisdasilva-x4p: What a loser,get a job
  8. @NoraCroonen-k3h: I feel sorry for the dad. The son mocks with his hard life and work
  9. @michelflament5212: Poor American fathers ! How silly, how demanding, how empty headed children and girls
  10. @deetro-n1n: This isn't a real case. "Judge Porter's" real name is Verne Alexandre, and he is a paid actor. The litigants are also paid actors, and the cases are scripted.
  11. @MajidMahmud-l8k: 21 year old go and do it your self like everyone else your dads done enough for you it’s not for him to buy you a lambo judge was good
  12. @pradeepspace: oh! hahah, I see the problem here. The Private Schools, if you grow up with the kids of rich a$$holes and you lose touch with reality.
  13. @Meathead6179: He is a man child snot bubble…I would have choice words for him if I were his Dad…but, he doesn’t…he still babies him…sickening.
  14. @tonypaul2987: I would kick him out  so fast ,let him support himself and he will learn things in life.
  15. @tonypaul2987: All he cares about is his father's money
  16. @tonypaul2987: Spoiled brat
  17. @DennisArner: This kid is so spoiled he should be out of his own, shame on you boy
  18. @jonathanlamb7341: "I have an image to uphold". 2.3 million impressions of your image and counting dude.
  19. @addisonscott7808: I have a 53-year-old son who when he graduated high school expected his mother and I to buy him a new car. We said NOPE!  He saw how we got up every morning, go to work to feed him and give him a roof.  Later in life he told us how we were good role models for him, and how he had to work and earn the things he wanted. He now makes over $200,000 a year, owns a house and 3 cars. He thanks us for not spoiling him, and teaching him the value of a dollar.
  20. @petenrita: what great things did he do as a spoiled kid? laughable. cut him out of the estate. give him a $100k check. be gone. you are 21.

- 5 THINGS I WISH I Knew Before BUYING A LUXURY CAR.: Kind: captions Language: en Buying a luxury car for the first time can open up your eyes to a lot of surprises you didn't expect. When I bought my first luxury car, it was a BMW. Now, the worst part is ours we bought used. And so, that even adds to the problem areas. And I want to talk about that because there's five things I want to discuss that I wish I possibly knew before buying that luxury car. Let's get into it. Now, life's too short to drive boring cars. Sometimes the two best days of luxury car motoring is the day you buy it and then the day you sell it and nothing really in between. Now, that might be an exaggeration. There's a lot of great luxury cars out there and there's some that are very reliable, but there's a lot of things you'll learn along the way. And I want to talk about the first item and of course that's you're welcome to this whole new world of service costs. That's right. When you get into a lot of luxury vehicles, you're experiencing things that you didn't experience when you're driving your everyday vehicle like a Toyota, Honda, Kia, any of those vehicles. They have service requirements, service intervals, and they come at a cost. But what I found was buying my first BMW, all of a sudden the cost didn't just go up, it doubled. It tripled. Instead of going down to the service shop and getting an oil change for your Toyota Camry, where that might cost you $110. No, rather the latest what we're finding a lot of these luxury vehicles, it doesn't matter whether you're talking about, you know, a BMW or whether you're talking about a Mercedes or a Porsche, and they do all vary slightly, but instead of paying that $100 for an oil change, you're more likely welcome to other things like $500 for an oil service. And then they say, well, they do all these other things. See, a lot of times you think and you assume that you're just taking it in for an oil service, but with a lot of these vehicles, they have all this extra automation. And so, what you'll find is instead of your Honda or your Toyota, especially the older vehicles, they don't often give you a lot of the service reminders. But just about every luxury car manufacturer has some form of a service reminder and a service interval. Now, service is very, very important to keep your vehicles running long and running well. But every time you change it, you take it in, it often is accompanied by a service. Service A, service B, service C, you name it. But they're all at different layers. And you don't necessarily know that unless you do some digging. You take your vehicle in to the dealer, it says bing, it says a service A, and all of a sudden they say, "Okay, we'll take care of that for you." Boom. Service A might be a bunch of different things. It could be oil change filters. It could be your cabin air, engine air, might even be a fuel filter. And in some cases might be big things like differential fluids, transmission fluids, spark plugs, and then it gets really expensive. It's not uncommon to come out of the service bay for a lot of these vehicles and spend $2 $3,000 for an annual service. And again, the assumption was always that we will pay a little bit more for maintenance, but you almost have horse blinders on. You're almost in love and infatuated with that shiny new paint job, that shiny new performance car with the great trim, and you see all the nice details. A lot of these performance and luxury vehicles often give you some really intricate headlights. They give you some nice paintwork, all kinds of extra features like that, bigger rims. Well, guess what? Those big rims come at a cost because now look at this tire is an R21 if you see right there. So, this rubber is way more money than you would find in a lot of Garmin variety vehicles. And the worst part is they don't wear half as well. Also, a lot of brakes in a lot of these luxury vehicles are much bigger. Of course, they work much better at slowing the vehicle down because they're more of a performanceoriented vehicle in most cases, but that comes at a cost. So, when you wear your brakes, you wear out your tires, and those are routine maintenance items. They come at a significant increase over some of the regular vehicles like Hond's and Kia and Toyotas rather, you're stuck with these huge repair bills when things start to wear out. And when you bring your car into the service shop, it's nice. the concurge service. They often give you water, beverages, coffee, pop, and you make you feel all nice and warm and fuzzy, but that comes at a cost. So, when you check your vehicle in, what I didn't realize is shop rates are significantly higher, which we all assume, but we don't know until we know. And once we figure that out, then we realize, oh, that is devastatingly expensive. Because instead of checking your vehicle into a Honda dealer or a Toyota dealer or some of the mainstream dealers, you might find your hourly shop rate maybe in the $150, $175 an hour, maybe even some of the more premium, you know, Chevy trucks, Fords, they might be up in that closer to $200 an hour rate. But unfortunately, once you get into the luxury brands like Porsche, MercedesBenz, you name it, you can honestly be expecting something more like $225, $250 an hour shop rate. And that is absolutely devastating. That's a big reason why a lot of these small independent shops exist. It gives buyers and consumers an option to go out there and use a more affordable service network rather than going directly to the dealer. Because as you learn with age and as you own a lot of these luxury vehicles outside of warranty, you quickly realize and figure out that you better start knowing where some of those lower cost independent shops are. Because if you continually take your older 8 9 10year-old used luxury vehicle to the dealership, you're going to find yourself spending huge amounts of money and you may have to take out a second or third mortgage just to keep your vehicle on the road. Way back when we also owned a Mercedes ML. Ours was an ML500 and it was very similar to this, although ours was gold. What we found was the quality wasn't amazing, but you don't know unless you know, right? Until you actually own these vehicles, you don't realize what you're getting into. But the next item that I really learned was buying these vehicles was a real eye openener. As in what? Because of the insurance costs. That's right. Insurance costs. Fuel costs. That all goes up drastically when you start owning these kinds of vehicles. Again, when you own a Subaru, the fuel costs are low. Insurance costs are relatively low. You can get insurance for the year round for this vehicle. And it may only cost you $500 or $600 for the year. Whereas this vehicle, if you get full coverage, the insurance costs are much higher because the replacement cost is much higher. Parts are much higher. If this gets banged and bruised, that's going to be expensive to replace. If you have glass coverage, that's going to be expensive to replace. These mirrors aren't cheap. And so, ultimately, any parts that have to get replaced, whether it's in a collision or otherwise, or stolen from your driveway, often means you're going to pay a lot more. or the insurance company's going to pay a lot more for your luxury car to get fixed or replaced and therefore you're going to pay a lot more for insurance on the front end. So instead of that $500 a year coverage for that little car, these cars might be more of 1,500, $1,800, $2,000, $2,500 a year. A second thing I learned about owning a luxury vehicle is when you own a regular everyday vehicle like a Subaru or a Honda or a Mazda, you quite often find failures are rare. There's not as many typical failures in each of those vehicles. And if they are, you could virtually even rebuild an engine in a vehicle like this for a couple thousand dollar. It's really not all that expensive. But the problem is luxury vehicles all have their nuance. They all have their weakness, it seems. I mean, for example, BMWs. I've been driving BMWs for quite a few years, and you'll quickly realize any V8 BMW is going to be a real challenge to own for the long term. Whether it's the newer N63 with the twin turbos or whether it's some of the older V8s and they just leak coolant like there's no tomorrow as well. You quickly realize which are the better engines or which are the ones that you absolutely must avoid. Later generational turbo fours and sixes are fine if they're designated right there like a 40 because that means they're a B-58 or the B48 which are generally more reliable vehicles. But if you get something like a 35, that means you get an N55 engine or something of that generation and are not nearly as reliable because overall their inline 6s are the go-to, especially their older naturally aspirated engines that you found back in 2005, 2006. The NA versions were very reliable and then they stepped into turbocharging and all bets were off. So every brand seems to have something like vehicles like Range Rover. They're quite well known for a lot of electrical problems. fit and finish parts inside the vehicles aren't necessarily all that amazing. You know, they'll have issues like these door handles that might not work or they'll freeze over in the winter time. They also have air ride suspension, which means when that fails, that settles down. And that's not unique for Range Rover. There's a lot of brands, BMW X5s, Mercedes uses. Obviously, there's a lot of brands in more premium versions or upscale models that utilize products like air ride suspensions for self-leveling or just improving the ride quality, but that comes at a cost. huge cost for reliability and your wallet when those parts start to fail. And I also realized not all vehicles are the same within the same brand because you look at a Porsche Cayenne like this, torque converter, automatic transmission, and a variety of different drivetrains. These are fairly reliable, but they are very expensive to maintain. Then you have a Porsche Macan. It actually uses also great engines, but some have had issues with some drivability, the fuel systems, and it also has a dual clutch gearbox known as the PDK. So that has its own list of challenges and quirks. Then some of the older Porsches, for example, the M96 engines you find in Boxers and the early 996 generation of the 911s have their own problems. You can get oil and coolant mixing because of the air and oil separator, oil coolers, or cracked engine heads. How about the rear main seal or the IMS? The intermediate shaft bearing has been known to blow out too. So Porsches have their issues as well. Volvos also have electrical issues and all kinds of durability problems. So, the big thing to consider is that no matter what you're buying, you have to realize that almost every brand has a significant Achilles. That's right. That one thing, it doesn't matter. It's that one thing almost every brand just sort of misses the boat on and it's going to cost you huge money. The big question is how do you manage that or do you avoid it in the first place? So, that's something that I learned about owning a luxury vehicle. And looking at a regular vehicle like this is another one of those eye openers. When you've been thinking about buying luxury vehicles and then you take that step or that leap, you quickly realize that there's something else unique. Now, here we have a Volkswagen. This is the Atlas. You'll see this one's the V6, but that's because that's the outgoing version. Has the V6. Now, actually today, all you can get is the newest and greatest is a turbo 2 L 4-cylinder under the hood for the latest version of the Atlas. Same vehicle, full size SUV. These things are absolutely huge. But did you realize these are also on a platform like a Lamborghini Urus, Porsche Cayenne, Audi Q8. They're all wearing more or less the same chassis design and a lot of the parts are shared. It's basically the same vehicle dressed up or dressed down. And when you buy a luxury vehicle, you're open and exposed to a whole new plethora of drivetrains. That's right. It should be obvious, but it's not always that obvious because when you're buying an upscale version of the downscale car, it could all be shared. They're sharing a lot of the same sheet metal and some of the same parts, but you step into the game. There's always going to be an upscale and a downscale. You think of brands like Audi is the upscale version of a Volkswagen. And it's not always sharing the same parts, but structurally and design-wise, it's often very, very similar. Even brands like Toyota right here, including their big brother brand, the Lexus, also has some differentiation. Toyota usually giving more drivetrains that are hybrid, smaller engines, 2 and 1/2 L, 4-cylinder. And of course, some of those are teed up to the hybrid drivetrains. Of course, then you move up to Lexus, naturally the luxury brand, and you're stepping into bigger engines, more potent drivetrains. Toyota's Land Cruiser giving you a 2.4 L turbo 4 hybrid. Now, instead of the GX550 on the same chassis, gives you a twin turbo V6. You get the gist. Same thing with the S series of cars in Lexus. You get a lot of the V6s and some great engines with an upgrade even available as a V8. But you step into the Toyota space, none of those engines are even available. So, as I started to realize as I started to own these luxury vehicles, you start doing your research, investigation, and you start to see that there's some big differences. It may be on the same skin. It may have a lot of similarities, but there are some major differences. And it usually relies on higher performance, more potent drivetrains, better gearboxes, bigger brakes, and all kinds of the other greatness that makes the vehicle handle better, go faster, and keep you more luxurious at the same time. Another big eye openener when you start buying luxury vehicles is the massive depreciation. Now, here's a non-luxury vehicle, the Jeep Wrangler. Not necessarily known for the highest level of reliability, but in fact, they're popular. And it's also one of those vehicles that hold some of the strongest value in the market. Buy it, drive it, and own it for say 5 years, step out of it, and still get 85% of your value back out of it. These actually hold significant amount of their original value. But these vehicles absolutely do not. And so when you're looking at other vehicles now in the luxury car realm, some are certainly worse than others. But the biggest shocker when you start buying luxury vehicles like Range Rovers, like Mercedes-Benz, like Audi's, unless there's some specialty model, you're likely going to experience a significant amount of depreciation, much more than you would with your regular car. So it's not just a matter of losing more money. You expect that when you pay more on the front end for these vehicles, you're actually losing a much higher percentage. That's right. A lot of these vehicles here, when you buy these, you could pay 100,000, 150,000, and even for the full size Range Rover, you could even be welcomed to a sticker of $200,000. But you'll find after 5 years, a lot of those vehicles lose as much as 50, 60, even 75% of their original value. So, could you imagine owning this, buying it brand new, owning it for five years, and then trying to trade it in, and the dealer says, "We'll give you $20,000 for it." Oh, damaging blow. And I didn't realize that the depreciation was that brutal and that gruesome when you buy your luxury cars brand new. But along with that, the flip side is I've also learned a little trick. Because of the heavy depreciation, instead of buying them brand new and suffering that massive fate of heavy depreciation, I usually buy my vehicles 3 4 5 years old and make sure that I keep a lot of that money in my wallet. So instead of buying a brand new, and a lot of times what we've end up going to do is shopping around, finding the right vehicle that might be three or four years old, possibly have a little residual warranty, maybe a CPO added to it, buy it from a caring owner, and as well, hopefully the mileage isn't all that high. I often shop for vehicles that have, you know, in that 20, 30, 40,000 mi range and may only be 2 or 3 years old. And then I'm finding myself saving a ton of money on depreciation rather than buying them brand new. And then you have to throw all the taxes, the fees, and the extras on there only to find out that all goes away. Because things like paint protection film, mag locks, mud guards, and great little all-w weatherather floor mats are all things that you don't get that money back. They're nice to have when you buy your vehicle new because you want to keep it in good shape, but you don't get that money back when you sell it. You have to take a hit. So ultimately, buying used luxury cars have always struck the right chord for me. I love luxury cars. I know there's always the drawbacks. As you get closer to that point where there's no longer warranty, there is a risk. That's where doing my homework has been extremely critical to make sure that I'm not buying the wrong vehicle, that I know where those weaknesses are, that I know that those weaknesses have been addressed, and that I'm buying it from an owner who's actually taking care of the vehicle. That way, I'm saving a ton of money. Even sometimes with some of these luxury vehicles, you know, even after 2 or 3 years, you're still able to save 20, 30, $40,000. And I've played that game time and time again and found that most of the time you get out way ahead of the game. Rarely do you get in and out and kick yourself. Now you can get into a bad vehicle that ends up costing you and it's almost like Russian roulette. But the bottom line is I just want to say that most of the time that is a true eye openener is the sheer depreciation for people who have never experienced luxury car ownership. And I certainly felt the pain at a time or two. And of course as always check out right there the best luxury vehicles for 2025. You're going to definitely love that one. Hope to see each and every one of you in the next one. Catch you real soon. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @joeyc1563 [13 likes]: I’ll say this, even though it has nothing to do with this video, but why is it that in every video about Audi, bmw, VW, etc, there is always someone in the comments saying that all brands except Toyota are trash and to get a Lexus etc etc. They come to videos that have nothing to do with Toyota at all and proceed to start arguments in the comments anyways. Why? Can’t you just keep your thoughts to yourself? Modern German brands have became reliable and I know some Toyota fanboy will comment saying otherwise. But my theory is that they owned a luxury car and didn’t maintain it and so they blamed the car for failing and not themselves for doing basic maintenance. Now on the other hand if someone goes to a Toyota video and leaves a comment saying Toyota is trash you’ll darn well have 50 replies in less than 5 minutes arguing with you and calling you names. I’m unsure if these commenters who bash brands even drive or if they’re trolling or rage baiting because they got nothing better to do with their lives, but just let people drive what they want, like there’s no reason to hate on every other brands just because you’re stuck with a 120hp cvt, and the same can be said for the 18 yr olds with M3’s, let people have the m lite, it’s their choice.


Videos like these should not be a political debate over what brand is better, simply let someone drove what they want and move on. It shouldn’t be this bad guys…


Also yes I know German brands have issues I’m not going to defend the brands because they have their issues but I feel all brands have issues it’s just how you treat it or how you maintain it where you repair it etc etc.

I am just here saying that we should stop these debates in the comments because all you’re doing is just arguing over someone’s opinion about car reliability when it’s that persons choice to get what they want. For ideas of what to get that’s what reviews are for, not trashing someone on a YouTube comment for buying something that isn’t your favorite.
  2. @clays1507 [5 likes]: Life’s too short to buy anything but Lexus
  3. @xefour [2 likes]: Please enable automatic chapters for your videos.
  4. @1simpleresponse [1 likes]: I thoroughly enjoy driving my 230i- M package. I find them rare on the road, tons of attention do to my upgrades. I also fully respect Mark for all his hard work researching Beemers, he gives honest advice for any German vehicle and luxury autos on the market! Wtg sir!
  5. @kennyg-o6h [1 likes]: A work colleague paid approximately $1,000 for a tune up on his BMW X1. He said he will be looking at either a Honda or Toyota for his next vehicle due to the excessive BMW service costs.
  6. @viktormruchkovskyi5398 [1 likes]: Captain obvious. Can’t afford an enjoyable ride then get a boring Toyota, Honda or so. Will take you from point A to point B. Just like a buss or train. Germans trying to sell you feeling and happiness when you drive and it is cost money. Waist of time video 😔
  7. @Diemritz2001 [1 likes]: How's that slogan going? Or should it be "Boring cars cost less to drive" 😅
  8. @rizmacadillac: I think Cadillac and other luxury vehicles are often the best rides ever.  Any more Fords and General Motors often qualify as "luxury" vehicles as they are American.
  9. @nikophilly: So I owned a Mercedes GLE. I currently own an Audi Q7 and a BMW X3 and yes, the expenses can be high but if you know where to take your car, you don’t have to pay the dealer prices. Also when you go to the dealer, you don’t have to get everything that they require a request. There are things that they may say you need and when you look it up yourself, you don’t need it so you tell them no and you just get the bare minimum also you can go on your dealer website. They have coupons for service so you might.  be a $200 oil change that you can get for like $125 because there’s a coupon but I think the biggest win is if you can find a dependable mechanic outside of the dealership that you could take your luxury car to they do the same exact services for a third of the price. Overall, luxury cars will cost you more money.
  10. @richardautenzio8117: I'm into luxury cars, but not the modern fashionable trendy one, that are very poor value for money. By the 90's the luxury car market changed from being a practical car with their unique styling, and real class that offered dependability, longevity, and good value for money. A true luxury car was luxurious and not a competitor for a sports car. Its was a regal, and stately vehicle, not a look a like sporty shape, that was just built for the appearance of speed, or alternatively, a SUV tarted up. Today, buying a modern over engineered car, which canl go much faster than 90% plus of its practical use needed, in most countries, is like buying  a speed  boat  for a swimming pool. Then there is the cost? But that is nor a problem for those who have the money to waste to impress. And if you are thinking of buying one of their leftovers, then that theory may have worked in the 90s, but I doubts you will get around the i built redundancy of the overengineering and the electronics, that can often  hardly survive the warranty periods.
  11. @Leo-pd8ww: BMW, Audi, Mercedes et cetera have entry level vehicles that are not considered luxury, at least here. In extension the quality will also be less, especially exports. Also consider if it is luxury you want, as in comfort, or just prance around with a brand conceived as luxurious. If you can't afford the maintenance then you can't afford the car. Don't be a dingdong and make financially sound decisions.
  12. @razvanmarius2k5: no shit , wtf do you want one then ??? if this is your problem dont buy one ..
  13. @brenttitus2134: Break My Wallet
  14. @michaelkasun2559: I’ve been driving BMWs for over 30 years.  First, for anyone who actually likes driving, there is no comparison to Japanese cars.  Ze Germans (except VW) make the best driving cars.  Do your maintenance and all will be well.  Yeah, the insurance cost is greater.  But if you’re a “point A to B” kinda person stay away.  I buy used always.  I get amazing cars for Honda money because everyone is convinced luxury cars break all the time and cost a million each time.  Nonsense.  But, I do like getting tier one cars for chicken shit money.  Most recently I got a $100k 640 with 27k miles for only $38k.  Hell of a discount.  30k miles later, zero issues.  This is my experience.  But I like driving!  If you think any and all maintenance and repair costs are unacceptable.  Get a tinny Honda or Toyota, neglect it and you have a boring car for a longish time as they can take negligence very well.
  15. @lotus956: I have a Lexus and do ALL my own oil changes and the maintenance. Charges at dealership for maintenance is getting out of hand.
  16. @myrcworld9345: Its a good idea to get some tools and learn some mechanical skills
  17. @Love2Cruise: Insurance cost?  Well, depends on you and where you live.  My luxury car's insurance is only $20 more for a 6-months term than my Mazda 3.  Identical coverages with the same drivers listed on the policy.
  18. @krzysztofpoznan5226: 13:24 A damaging blow was the best part 🤣😂🤣
  19. @MaxQ02: I love your channel talking about early retirement and just found this channel and I love this content too!  I am curious about your thoughts on whether these 5 things are an issue with Lexus, since they are kind of Toyotas but with some extra “frosting” on them.  I am looking at the NX, and test drove a used one the other day.
  20. @DelilahMonique143: Hit a tiny piece of metal on the freeway and had to pay $531 for one single tire! My oil change was $319 and they advertised 3 oil changes for $250 but I didn’t read the small print that said car must have 50k miles 🤦🏾‍♀️ Im just hitting 30k

- Here's Why People Buy Expensive Luxury Cars: Kind: captions Language: en it's time for show-off Sunday, where everyone has a chance to show off their own car and here's this week's winner this is an AMG 63 s-class 2014 the first production year of this current generation, and it sounds cool and stuff but I'm a nobody so I won't be driving this around, I mean we're at the dealer auction here, but there's a few interior things that I want to show you, because when we really get into it it gets really special, and if you've got OCD typically I'd say tune away but because this is an s class, you're going to be very satisfied, now the s-class can satisfy your OCD because the fit and finish in a car like this is just impeccable, as good as it gets really, when we look at the materials and how it all comes together the detail it's just beautiful, this time around Mercedes took some inspiration from the English with the piping, you'll see these tabs switches they're just perfect perfectly flush, my goodness I just hope that the camera is steady enough we are really close ladies and gentlemen, some might say too close, I want you to notice something with the design decision, notice how the buttons functions are not carved onto the buttons themselves, but rather they're presented to you in a black glossy field above the actual button itself, I wouldn't say they're merely presented they're displayed like in a gallery I mean in most vehicles an analog clock is a pure afterthought, do you get that impression here, this is actually perfection ladies and gentleman you can control the majority of this car from here, this really is like a throne for your palm, everything is at your fingertips, volume with your pinky and here you know what you can delegate, of course to get to the details buttons and back the buttons, the buttons worked very well into the steering wheel design, coming around here everything actually is tucked in perfectly, properly straight no gaps, no imperfections, look at orgasmic you're correct now OCD people mind you nothing is perfect, the veneer doesn't quite meet the panel perfectly and look even worse the accompanying aluminum strip does not end quite where the veneer, this to the perfectionist it's a little unsettling, but I guess if these kind of things bother you you're crazy and look at the proportions, it's a little bit bulbous a little outrageous I like it, well unfortunately this is vent is cracked in, this is pretty flimsy, that design with the toggle tab switches it continues, enough of the details take in the big picture yes yes yes you know what top stitching there's a timeless elegance about it what can I say obviously the armrest very legit, the veneer they made it into two pieces, I mean are we expecting this to be one piece, I mean as a non customer am I expecting too much, you know maybe I didn't want this to be one piece, - a point here guys I can't let this one go, the seat belts that have air bags in them yeah they're thick you can feel that there's stuff inside, the stitching is elaborate I can confirm, oh it's called belt bag the back of the headrest look at this, this is top stitched leather covered plus one right there, well let's see if there's any luxury details we feel crazy about in the trunk, of course the opening mechanism well covered you don't see any hinges or joints none of that stuff, it really just looks like someone simply took some scissors and went cutting along here and matched it in and you got like a finished product that looks like this, really on the flimsy side nothing to brag about but I mean this is everybody, the roof of the truck doesn't have paneling what pressing questions I ask, and yes you see on this Bentley first of all we get this very thick fabric, but the way it's done it's nice, it's not just cut liner, it's very nicely tucked in, but look at this trade off, the s-class was all covered up the trunk, the trunk is massive, okay since we're here we may as well have a look, here we have a 2010 Flying Spur I'll tell you this much they don't age as well, the veneer is cracking everything is just leather wrapped and the places where nobody cares, nobody looks, you know what I'll take the leather ceiling over the Alcantara, look at this corner the design language and execution for the Mercedes day and night difference of course necessarily better, I mean look at this leather handle very decadent this is one interestingly shaped piece here that they have, anything else I can pick about just slick, so anyway folks I think that's enough details, for those of you who are crazy about this stuff you're welcome, for those of you who think I'm crazy for caring about this stuff, well maybe you're right darling danke Schoen, thank you for all the joy and pain well that was this week's video, and remember to have your car video highlighted here on my channel, check this out so if you never want to miss another one of my new car repair videos, remember to ring that Bell!

  Top Comments:
  1. @scottykilmer [32 likes]: Check out Daniel’s YouTube Channel:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkW4sJC7jIgFX7HiDQzvlaw

⬇️Scotty’s Top DIY Tools:
1. Bluetooth Scan Tool: http://amzn.to/2nfvmaD
2. Cheap Scan Tool: https://amzn.to/2D8Tvae
3. Basic Mechanic Tool Set: https://amzn.to/2tEr6Ce
4. Professional Socket Set: http://amzn.to/2Bzmccg 
5. Ratcheting Wrench Set: https://amzn.to/2BQjj8A
6. No Charging Required Car Jump Starter: https://amzn.to/2CthnUU
7. Battery Pack Car Jump Starter: http://amzn.to/2nrc6qR

⬇️ Things used in this video:
1. Common Sense
2. 4k Camera: https://amzn.to/2HkjavH
3. Camera Microphone: https://amzn.to/2Evn167
4. Camera Tripod: https://amzn.to/2Jwog8S
5. My computer for editing / uploading: https://amzn.to/2uUZ3lo

🛠Check out the tools I use and highly recommend ► https://goo.gl/rwYt2y

🔥Scotty Shirts and Merch ► https://goo.gl/pTAeca

Subscribe and hit the notification bell! ► https://goo.gl/CFismN

Scotty on Social:
Facebook ► https://www.facebook.com/scottymechanic/
Instagram ► https://www.instagram.com/scotty_the_mechanic/
Twitter ► https://twitter.com/Scottymechanic?lang=en
  2. @vaninec [1 likes]: Common obsessive thoughts in OCD include:

Fear of being contaminated by germs or dirt or contaminating others.

Fear of losing control and harming yourself or others.

Intrusive sexually explicit or violent thoughtsand images.

Excessive focus on religious or moral ideas.

Fear of losing or not having things you might need.
  3. @cameronjenkins5304: Endless Money Pit!
  4. @Mr.HarryWild: Wow!
  5. @airriongalloway6998: I like how he put emphasis on perfect. Lol it’s a prefect money pit. 😭😭😭😭😭🇩🇪
  6. @dizzywow: The S class rear hinges may be "covered up", but they are the same cheap design that cuts into your trunk space that economy cars have.  The Bentley's "exposed" hinge is the better way to do it.  My E46 BMW was also done the good way, but BMW has now gotten cheap, too.
  7. @tom11zz884: I'd buy a Lexus in a heartbeat
  8. @dubsteppwarrior: I’m comment 1000 YES!!
  9. @maniac32145: How many dead bodies can you fit in a trunk?
  10. @axlef1513: If you have the means, life is too short to be a cheap bastard and drive a Corolla. If you can't afford it, I get it. We have to start somewhere, but we spend a lot of time behind the wheels of our cars and for those of you who don't "get" the difference of driving a really nice luxury car as opposed to a Toyota, the rest of us can't explain it to you.
  11. @tristesskartoffel8677: The Song in the end -realy cool ..now on my Playlist
...Danke Schoen ;)
  12. @mario46873: And that was his last day at the job selling cars...
  13. @efdemtrolls: the question does not get answered in the video. mine would be: because you can OR you need this as a superficial person.. OR you love luxury cars.. I know I don't, well, the sound of those v8s is great nonetheless (coming from a Honda guy).
  14. @Perich29: people buy luxury car because of the seat confort with bigger backseat legroom for 14 hours road trip and people lilkes to travel in confort on longer road trip, If you want cars for confort, my advise is to buy a new Toyota Sienna or a Avalon, that what I would do.
  15. @Greazer: Scotty bought and sold
  16. @bill.shingledecker: Notice the cocaine remnants at  3:19 ??….. well, could be.  I would be curious what they sold for.
  17. @ForeignCarRambo: Crazy how everyone just hates these cars because they can’t afford the repairs. If someone enjoys the car and has the pockets to afford it then what’s all the fuss about ????
  18. @milehighclone348: I keep my ford all day everyday
  19. @kaliguy8462: What I’ve learned from this channel:  All non-Toyotas are money pits.
  20. @Antimatter.: I was the 3k like :) just saying

- Why People Buy Luxury Cars | The Psychology Behind Luxury Shopping: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the luxury show rolls-royce being w7 series or maybe a porsche cayenne just the names of these cars is enough to catch your attention wonder what these do when they are rooming on the roads in this video we will talk about the key reasons that lure buyers to shell out extra money to buy luxury cars and why buying a used luxury car will be a wiser move number one attention those who own a luxury car know what we are talking about even if you don't own one you still know how special it feels to see everyone moving their eyeballs just to get a glimpse of that expensive machine when you see a rolls-royce or a porsche 911 speeding like wind you do feel fascinated there's just something in these fantastic high-end expensive cars that attracts and pulls people men and women alike when you own such a car you're given additional respect number two adrenaline gush there are a few people who are extremely passionate about driving and dream of owning at least one luxury car they put the price in the second fiddle and invest in a luxury car that will help them accomplish their passion a great driver is incomplete without a great car thus a better performing car is a requisite of any adrenaline junkie number three for their reputation this might sound artificial but it is certainly true be it aguero our rolls-royce or a lamborghini a luxury car uplifts your social life to the next level your neighbors will start perceiving you as a powerful person and as per the car you own they might even take you as a classy fun successful or smart individual however a zero on manners person would not be able to carry this image for long no matter how big his car is the big luxury car will stand down to be a mere first impression object number four business development yes it's true a car is just like your website or the formal pricey grab that you put on for a meeting your car represents your curiosity and helps you create a good impression on the people you're about to meet everyone desires to associate themselves with successful people and in those terms a luxury car does wonders in your favor choose a car color like metallic beige black gray or white according to the industry you work in number five quality and worth it's true that the value of a card depreciates with time and mileage however the resale value of luxury cars depreciates at a steady pace than a new average or above average cars also the trust and luxury car brands like audi and bmw have gained makes them a personal favorite of many people agree to happily invest in luxury cars because they are convinced it's going to provide them unmatched comfort and reputation number six dream not everyone is a car fanatic but for those who are don't mind investing in high-end luxury cars car enthusiasts love automobiles as part of their hobby so they have a strong attachment to brands that offer unique experiences or top level performance they're not looking for a vehicle to get them from point a to point b every part of the car contributes to the way they enjoy their free time which means this type of buyer pays close attention to every aspect of a luxury car if you like this video make sure to hit the subscribe button

  Top Comments:
  1. @druvesen5127: Well come to America 🤣🤣

- This Is Why Broke People Buy Expensive Cars: Kind: captions Language: en BMW, Audi, and Mercedes-Benz are no longer cars that the successful buy or the rich buy. They no longer signify that you've made it in your life. Before, if you were buying these cars, you were a doctor or a dentist or you had signed a big business deal or you'd gotten a big promotion. Often you were in your 40s, 50s, sometimes even 60s before you could touch these cars. And now it's totally different. You have people in your 20s, people sometimes below 20 who are buying these cars. And you know, the brands played a big role to this. I remember when the Mercedes-Benz E and S-Class, those were the Benzes to have. And the C-Classes were kind of looked down upon. A lot of the Benz crowd said, "Those weren't real Benzes. They were too entry level." And then came the Aclass and the CLA class. And then a lot of the Benz class said, "Okay, that's that's the entry level Benz. The C-class is okay." BMW have done that and Audi have done that. So the brands have definitely done that to themselves as well, but certainly it's the broke people out there who have changed their spending habits. And they've done it because finance and interest is so easy. And it's so easy for depreciating assets. And they've done it because they can no longer wait to get success. Work hard in life silently and reach a level and then buy these cars. They want to have their cake and eat it too. They want to get it now. They can't delay that gratification. And our culture allows it. Our culture allows that to happen. You see, the median house prices in Australia's combined capital cities is 1.1 million Australian dollars. That's around 730K USD. And if you think about the USA, the median house price in USA is around $415,000 USD. A lot of people have trouble affording houses, especially if you live in these big cities. It's very difficult to get a house. So, what do people do in the meantime? Well, they say that house goal is too big for me to get. I'll just get into something that could show everyone I've made. So often people will get these cars and they'll say, "Look, I can't afford a house. It's a million dollars or $700,000 or $500,000, whatever it is, but I can afford a Benz on finance or a BMW or Audi on finance. That's what I'll do." And just in Australia in 2025, one in four car purchases this year, new car purchases were financed. And if you consider BMW, Audi, and Benz, that number goes up drastically. So people are definitely getting those cars under lease or finance arrangements. And you might say, well, they might be business owners, etc. And yes, many people get them under business arrangements, but the majority of people out there are just getting them to flex. And if they can't get them new, they'll get them used and still finance them. And the issue is that building wealth or having true wealth is a pretty humbling and silent experience. You have mortgages, for example, and you might have a house in Australia or a house in the USA, and it might be worth half a million dollars or a million dollars, let's say. No one out there really knows how much mortgage is on your house. In Australia, the average mortgage is around 30 years. And no one can tell the difference between a house that is fully paid off or a house that still has 30 years to go. And that's where the silence portion comes in, where it's a quiet hustle. You might have your next door neighbor who's got their house fully paid off. It's on cash now. You might be in a position where your house won't be paid off all the way into retirement. But that sort of stuff doesn't sell. You can't go on Instagram and post that. You can't take a photo of your house and say, "Here's my house. It's fully paid off." And it's the same with investment properties. You can't go on TikTok and say, "Here's my investment property, and these are how many investment properties I have. This is my lifestyle." I mean, that doesn't sell. It doesn't sell the way a Lambo sells. It doesn't even sell the way a basic BMW sells. So these BMWs, Audi's, Mercedes, when you buy a used M4 for 20 or $30,000, you can sell it. You can sell that lifestyle to people. And that's what that's what people are trying to achieve. That's what brokies are trying to achieve. They're trying to go out there and tell people a story to say, "Hey, I've made it. I'm successful. I'm something." And they're playing themselves because they're using finance in the wrong way. They're using it to get depreciating assets. That's a wealth killer. And a lot of people say, "Well, you need car loans to get a good credit score and all that jazz." But if you ever go to borrow money from the bank, if you have a big car loan, it reduces your borrowing capacity. You can buy less assets. It's a very dirty loan. A car loan is not a good loan. It doesn't help you in many ways. A car never goes up or very rarely does a car go up. And the issue is that people aren't being taught this in school or in universities. People aren't learning the basics. I mean, our entire society is built on finance. When I finished my engineering degree, all I ever learned was, okay, I've got my degree. I've got a full-time job. I should go out and finance a car. That's all I'd ever been taught and that's what I did. And to this day, that's a lesson I learned. And to this day, after that, I never financed a car. I was an engineer. I was good with maths and I have a master of business now. And I certainly had good knowledge about finances. And it shows you how society has let down a lot of the young people where we're not teaching them how it should really be. And nowadays, the manufacturers have cranked up the car prices so much that it's eye wateringly expensive where people, they have no choice but to finance. and you've got all these Audi's, Benzes, and BMWs, and it looks as if everyone's driving them, and you want to fit in and finance these cars. But that's not the way, guys. You have to build your wealth first. And that success, that true success is going to come in a silent way. No one's going to notice it. No one's going to give you kudos. And that's how it's always been. That's how it has to be. So, I hope that helps. I'll catch you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kesayo [2 likes]: I had a co-worker who was an electrical technician in his 50s. He probably spent his whole life making a medicore salary ranging from 50k to 75k. No wife, no kids.
Then his dad died and left him a half million dollars. I was like, dude, you should invest that and retire early. 
Get this. He went out and bought, not one, but TWO $150k BMW M8s. It was the most asinine thing I have ever seen in my life.
He told me it was found money to him anyway, and he wanted to feel like a big shot at least once in his life. It was the saddest thing I ever heard.
  2. @antlyfts [1 likes]: I just got a BMW a few months ago and it’s not as cool as I thought it would be. I’ll have it paid off early by this summer. Can’t wait to get rid of it
  3. @owenmclain3327 [1 likes]: There was a time when  cars dazzled me, and I had to have a high end ride.  

These days ironically now that I can actually afford to outright purchase a Mercedes or some other pricey  conveyance,  I no longer care about tossing good money on such a depreciating asset , and a cheap used vehicle serves me equally as well.

Who cares what someone else thinks.
  4. @cycomiles4225 [1 likes]: I dont need an expensive car...but even a used toyota is expensive in my country.
  5. @jaymay6386: Mercedes is only luxury in America
  6. @iDON_JOHNSON: The flashier the car and the louder the stereo, the more broke a bloke.
  7. @Modi.Drives: The only time i've used financing is to get my early 2000's jdm car, i bought the car for 16k€, now i got an offer for it for 22k€. I will never finance a depreciating daily driver etc with financing or leasing but older enthusiast cars like old porsches (996/993 etc, or bmw e46 m3, e30 m3 etc  are a safe thing to finance as the only way those cars prices are going is up. 
Dumbasses who finance 1 year old supras will lose 20k in value in the next 5 years and another 5-8k€ on the loan price alone. 
every single car i've bought in my life has gone up in value in the time i've owned it. And if you loan a 20k€ car that will go up in value for 2-3k in the next 2 years you will be left with money you can put into a savings account and get 2-4% interest on it, basically negating the loans cost and keeping more liquidity. Also pretty much no rich person pays cash for their supercars, gt3rs etc because they pay for a spec that is just going to appreciate in value,they get a very low intrest loan, or even a zero intrest one and end up losing nothing.
  8. @Yrewir: It's really soul crushing when you're investing and saving money while your friend buys an expensive bmw. Makes me wonder how they can afford it. Maybe it won't be that way forever
  9. @JunesCloud: Not sure “broke people” buy expensive car 😂  designer stuff maybe.. but car? They are no broke
  10. @Fr0sht3d: the cars are amazing but they are just cars that sit in your driveway doing noithng but losing value over time for what
  11. @timetomuskup2: Either you pay more in taxes or you get a bmw or Benz. Easy decision
  12. @vasilitate9908: I have a 2nd Gen R8 and for a daily a Jaguar XJ50. The amount of people who ask me "how much are my payments?" I have always bought cars paid in full. It has meant driving some awful cars in my younger days!
  13. @CecilWhiting: Thus guy thinks that Doctors  have money 😅😅😅 ...soooo sophmoric.  Dude, rich people  host seminars... you should seriously  attend  some... it will really  help with the basis of your future  content
  14. @Ken309: Or maybe german luxury cars just drive better 🤷🏽‍♂️....Furthermore, I think one of the main reason is because these cars depreciate so much. If a so called "broke" person is on a budget despite not being a wise financial decision as far as maintenence cost, they can get alot more car for the money. If you know your way around some tools and have a garage you can make it work. Hell despite having the money I buy used depreciated german luxury cars do all maintenance myself and enjoy the amazing driving dynamics. Sell it when I get bored for not much less than i paid for it, and do it all again.
  15. @nealp885: Any new car is expensive these days.
  16. @formless7000: I'm plenty happy driving my 2023 corolla. Seen this car be more functional than some of these expensive cars. Can't use all that power on the road anyway.
  17. @marcusclarkson5520: I build wealth to secure my future and I build wealth and earn money to buy cheap or expensive stuffs that I love so that could be a car, could be a new phone every year etc and these things don't make me poor.
  18. @MrOccyc: To be blunt, I don’t give a damn what kind of car someone drives.  If they aren’t interested in building wealth, want to live in a dump with no savings, I don’t care.  Not my problem.  That’s their choice,  spare me the whining thou when you having nothing to show for a life time of labor.
  19. @samkeliso-zm3ui: Pure wisdom
  20. @NylonStrings83: the kids drive shiny bmw's /benz and live in pig sty ... i have a piece of shit 7 year old honda and live in an amazing home which everyone compliments me on

- Why Luxury Cars Are Unreliable And Expensive | BMW, Mercedes, And More: Kind: captions Language: en why exactly are some luxury brands such as bmw mercedes and land rover known to be unreliable and expensive to own and what do you need to know before buying one of these cars that's what we're going to find out welcome to car help corner where we help you the consumer master the process of car buying and car ownership now i don't think it's a big secret that a lot of luxury brands especially european ones like bmw mercedes land rover and audi are known to be extremely expensive cars to own but why exactly are these companies known to be unreliable long term have high repair costs and what do you need to know before buying one of these cars well make sure to stick around to the end of the video because that's what we're going to find out after over 10 years as a professional car consultant helping consumers with all kinds of correlated issues i've received thousands of complaints from owners of various different car brands over all kinds of different serious repair issues and there's no question about it over that period of time you definitely start to see patterns in terms of which cars are more problematic than others of course i also consult with mechanics on a regular basis who work on these cars and look at the data from reputable organizations as well and when you put all this information together you start to see which car companies are the most problematic unreliable and expensive to own long term and the ones that consistently come at the very top are luxury european brands such as bmw mercedes audi and land rover of course there are a few other ones as well including porsche volvo and jaguar all of these companies basically fall into the same category of being extremely expensive cars to own long term well past the warranty period now of course european luxury brands are not the only ones that are known for reliability issues you can have all kinds of issues with a lot of domestic brands too including ford jeep gm and a few others but the big difference is going to be the cost of repair because european luxury cars just take repair cost to a whole new level and what do i mean by expensive to own well you can pretty much guarantee that anytime one of these cars develops a serious issue it's going to cost you at least four figures to fix if not more something as simple as a rough running engine with an engine misfire that involves replacing spark plugs ignition coils or fuel injectors can easily cost one to two thousand dollars on any one of these cars and if the engine has any serious oil leaks and requires a full resealing you can easily double that number and if you experience total engine failure on something like a bmw or mercedes a new remanufactured engine can cost you anywhere from twenty thousand dollars to upwards of sixty thousand dollars depending on the model you have i'm not joking it can actually cost the price of a whole brand new car and it's not just the engines you need to watch out for almost any of the parts on any one of these luxury brands can cost an enormous amount of money if you need to replace the full air suspension system on a range rover for example that can cost you as much as eight thousand dollars one example that i always remember though was from a client of mine who had a bmw that was just a warranty and it needed a new headlight assembly it was an expensive laser headlight unit and the cost of a replacement unit was just over sixteen thousand i was just as shocked as he was it's no surprise really that the value of a lot of these european luxury cars is basically tied to how much warranty coverage that they have once the warranty period ends the values begin to drop extremely fast that's because a lot of people know how expensive they are to repair so they're scared of buying one without a warranty now it's important to mention that a lot of these luxury european brands are actually fairly reliable for the first four to five years of ownership during the warranty period it's only when they become much older beyond seven to eight years old when they start to cost a lot of money in terms of repair issues so if you're only planning on buying one of these cars for a short term period then you don't have a lot to be concerned about so why exactly are a lot of luxury european brands so unreliable as they age well believe it or not there was a time period when that wasn't always the case back in the 1970s and 1980s companies such as mercedes and bmw were actually very well known for their engineering and build quality a lot of the cars they made were actually fairly durable and long lasting and those were qualities that they were long known for it was only when the 90s rolled around that a lot of that began to change fairly quickly and a lot of it had to do with globalization because the competition in the market was increasing so fast car brands were under a lot of pressure to offer a lot more for a lot less so we started to see a lot more cost cutting downsizing outsourcing all of which impacted the reliability of their cars luxury cars were also becoming a lot more complicated than ever before with more advanced engine technology computers sensors and other things that were not only making the cars a lot more complicated but also a lot more expensive to repair the final nail in the coffin though for reliability was when a lot of these luxury brands began reducing the amount of maintenance that they were requiring for their cars back in the 80s for example luxury brands like bmw and mercedes had pretty intense maintenance requirements and they required things like oil changes every 7 500 miles in addition to transmission fluid coolants and other fluid changes on a regular basis all of that completely changed though in the 90s when these companies began dramatically stretching their maintenance intervals recommending oil changes every 15 000 miles or 25 000 kilometers and completely eliminating other fluid changes like transmission fluid and coolant one of the reasons this was done was to reduce the perceived maintenance costs of their cars and make it look like they were less expensive and easier to maintain and what's the easiest way to do that just stretch out the maintenance intervals or eliminate them altogether now again a lot of this is not a big deal if you're buying a luxury car to own for a short term ownership period of around three to five years when the car is under warranty and you're not going to have to worry about expensive repairs or spending a lot of money on maintenance if you do plan to buy a luxury car from a european brand such as bmw mercedes or audi there are a lot of things that you can do to make sure that you don't get burned and end up spending an enormous amount of money in operating costs the first thing you might want to consider doing is to just lease one of these cars rather than buying it when you lease a car you're only going to have it for around three to four years under the warranty period so you're not gonna have to worry about expensive repair issues the best part about leasing one of these cars is not only are you going to get to enjoy a nice expensive luxury car but just before it's ready to have any serious problems it's ready to go back to the dealership if you would rather buy one of these cars though than leasing it then you're going to want to make sure that you get a really good extended warranty plan to protect yourself like i touched on earlier in the video the value of these luxury european brands is really tied to the amount of warranty coverage that they have once the warranty ends a lot of people are aware that these cars cost a lot of money to keep on the road so having that warranty is a huge benefit getting a good extended warranty plan for one of these luxury cars can easily cost you around three to four thousand depending on the level of coverage that you get but when a headlight can cost sixteen thousand dollars to replace i'd say it's money well spent if you're thinking about buying one of these european luxury cars on the used car market say one that's around three to four years old the best thing to do is to buy one from a new car dealership new car dealers often have a pretty good selection of lightly used cars that they typically receive on trade-in from owners who are just looking to upgrade to a new car and what they often do is they keep the best examples for themselves to sell and anything that's not worth keeping often just goes off to an auction where it later gets picked up by a used car dealership any high-end luxury car that ends up on a used car lot probably has some kind of serious backstory that you're not going to want to get involved in so just to play it safe buying from a new car dealership is usually the safest way to go the other important thing that you're going to want to know buying any high-end luxury car is whether it comes with service records and how well it's been maintained if you're buying something like a bmw or mercedes that doesn't have any kind of service information you don't know how often it's received oil changes and when it might experience a really serious problem having that full service history and knowing that the car has been maintained properly is extremely important when buying any high-end luxury car and you don't want to buy one without that although a lot of high-end luxury cars are extremely nice cars to own and drive there's no question that you're taking a much higher risk in terms of reliability issues and repair costs so if you're someone who just can't tolerate spending money on repairs and having problems then your best bet is to just buy something else the good news is that there are a few luxury brands that don't have a lot of these issues companies like lexus and acura are known for their strong reliability low repair costs and low cost of ownership so if you're looking for a luxury car to buy and hold on to for the long term either one of these is a really good choice let me know what you thought of this video and if you have any suggestions for any future car videos just leave a comment below and if you enjoy this video make sure to like and subscribe and if you need any additional car buying advice recommendations or help with getting a great deal on your next new car purchase you can check out carhelpcanada.com thanks so much for watching and see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cesare996 [3 likes]: When it comes to high-end luxury cars Lexus and in second place Acuras are second to none. The rest are trash.
  2. @AsifKarim-o4r: Expensive car not bad
  3. @smithnwesson990: Lot of German car enthusiasts talk about how quality their cars are. If they are so well built then how come they break so god damn always? Why cant BMW or Mercedes  ake cars that run as well as a Toyota or Honda? Hell Hyundai is running laps around them now. I would love to drive a BMW daily but it just does t make sense to buy a car that wont last to 100k miles.
  4. @feetforfunrun: German CARS = GARBAGE.  honda and toyota = keepers for life.
  5. @DrGBeatsFlix: Man i feel like i got ripped off, i got my s550 from honda and its fine now but im worried i took care of it so far
  6. @dave4138: Even if u just want to drive these cars new for a few years, like the first 4-5 years.... Ya, u dont pay out of.pocket to fix but u take the hit on the depreciation for the sucker that does have to fix it as these cars get cheap quickly for a reason. There is no practical reason to own them tbh
  7. @christophermcelligott1593: Because nobody who can afford them wants to be seen as so pedestrian as to actually care about reliability?
  8. @anthonyhoang203: European cars are endless money pits
  9. @saltamonte777: Because they can and planned obsolescence.
  10. @mrporsche4236: Head porsche mechanic  here. Stay away from porsches and all euro cars
  11. @kevinthompson6986: People like with the EV’s are buying for The show but will live to regret it
  12. @robertelliott-q2k: I have a 2009 mercedes c230 avantgarde. I use an MB independent, and replace parts with quality OEM parts. I have owned it ten years. It costs me between 300 and 500 euro for service per annum. All shockers replaced for 800 euro, bilstein and sachs. New discs all round 300 euro including pads. Brembo and febi bilstein parts  New drop links and control arms 600 euro. Two batteries. The electronic steering lock just failed. 450 euro to fix with an emulator. Total costs for ten years and 110k km. That is not expensive.
  13. @johnwayne8475: European brands have gotten arrogant and obsessed with building luxury brands and status symbols for the rich and elite. They're over engineered, overly complicated, overly reliant on electronic and automated everything instead of keeping things simple, reliable and affordable for everyday people.
  14. @mandolao5039: Ok I’m keeping my old cars. For another 10 years 😂
  15. @mandarkumthekar8565: If they use quality parts then why they are not reliable?
  16. @eugeniocorpuz8338: Buy a Lexus and call it a day. I did and have no issues.
  17. @tr33tv: Thanks for the history lesson!
  18. @magedmmh: whole lot of misinformation.
  19. @durranthart3901: Reliable mercedrs up to 2003
  20. @HorseIRL: This video was created to have two cults fight it out in the comments. Your truth is different from everyone else's. Moving on.

- She Spent $50,000 on Designer Bags and Lost Everything: Kind: captions Language: en Emily Harper was a 28-year-old marketing coordinator living in a tiny Soho apartment in New York City. She had just received a $15,000 bonus after landing a big campaign for a beauty brand. That Friday afternoon, she walked into the Hermes store on Madison Avenue just to look. The moment she touched the soft Togo leather of a Birkin bag, something inside her shifted. It felt like success. It felt like she had finally made it. Over the next 8 months, Emily spent $50,000 on luxury handbags. She bought a classic Chanel flap for $12,000, a limited edition Louis Vuitton for $8,500, two Dior saddle bags, and several Gucci and Prada pieces she saw influencers carrying on Instagram. She photographed every bag in perfect lighting, posted them with captions like, "Treat yourself, queen." And, "Living my best life." And watched her follower count climb to 45K. Her colleagues envied her. Her friends called her the bag lady. Rent was $4,800 a month. Credit card bills arrived, but Emily barely glanced at them. The thrill of unboxing a new bag was stronger than any fear of debt. She told herself, "I work hard. I deserve this." By the end of the year, Emily owned 18 designer bags, but her financial life was collapsing. Credit card debt had ballooned to $68,000 with high interest rates. She started missing payments. Late fees piled up. Work suffered, too. She was distracted, constantly checking resale sites during meetings, and staying up late scrolling luxury drops. Her boss noticed the drop in performance and cut her bonus. One rainy morning, Emily received a final warning from the bank. Her accounts would be frozen. Panic set in. She tried selling a few bags online, but panic selling meant she lost money on most of them. Eventually, she had no choice but to file for chapter 7 bankruptcy. In court, the judge reviewed her expenses and shook his head. "50,000 dollars on handbags while your rent and bills went unpaid?" Emily moved back to her parents' house in New Jersey. She sold almost everything. Her once glamorous Instagram sat silent. The last post she made was a simple black screen with white text. "I spent 50,000 dollars chasing luxury and ended up with nothing but regret. Real wealth isn't in logos. It's in peace of mind." She learned the hardest way possible. Shiny bags couldn't fill the emptiness, and status bought with debt always comes with a devastating price.

- She Looked Rich - She Was $92,000 in Debt: Kind: captions Language: en Ava's Instagram was flawless. Designer bags, luxury brunches, and rooftop sunsets. 300K followers. She looked like a trust fund a ays. In reality, she was a receptionist with five credit cards, all maxed out. She took out her first loan to buy a Louis Vuitton bag. An investment, she told herself. Then came the first class flight, the Airbnb mansion, the rented Maserati. Her bank account said $73. Her feed said billionaire. A skincare brand offered her $200 for a story post. She spent $600 preparing it. New outfit, new backdrop, photographer. "Bake it till you make it," she whispered while checking if her credit limit was still alive. "Rent was late. Bills stacked up." A debt collector called during a live stream. She smiled, muted, and continued the Q&A like nothing happened. But behind the scenes, Ava was falling fast and alone. One night, her credit cards were all declined at dinner. She walked four miles home in red heels. She cried behind sunglasses. Not a single follower knew. Online, she was at a spa. Offline, she was drowning. Ava took a night job cleaning offices. She wore a wig and clocked in under a fake name. The same hands that posted $1,000 handbags now scrub toilets. And still she checked her feed because quitting meant admitting it was all a lie. A DM changed everything. You inspire me. I wish I had your life. Ava stared at the message for hours. She hadn't inspired. She had deceived. That night, she posted something she never had before. The truth. She lost 100K followers in a week, but she gained something else. Peace. Ava now shares budgeting tips, debt recovery stories, and quiet mornings. The bags are gone. The mass are gone. And for the first time, so is the fear.

- It's On The Rise: GETTING IN DEBT FOR LUXURY: Kind: captions Language: en getting into debth for luxury is one thing that I would a th% always recommend against as as tempting as it may be it's not worth it but I do think social media and I'm part of the problem I think social media has got a massive part to play in this culture of there's something new out I want it there's something new out I want it hey everyone welcome to another video today we're going to talk about using debt to buy luxury and I'm not even just talking about credit card debt actually I'm going to talk about claer split it PayPal credit is another one and this video I need to thank two of you for this video because you are the reason why we are doing this today the first is and it came from one of you on YouTube and you're talking about claer now I need to read more into claer actually and how it works but from what you have explained to me you've said that there are T's and C's which most of the time no one ever reads because they're like this long in tiny text um and also at the time of buying whatever it is you're so in the moment you're so excited you're just like yes give me the money already pay for it let me move on so I have my item but you've gone on to say that it's not like with the bank where I think what you're saying is this is from reading what you said I think what you're suggesting is that it's not like where you set up a direct debit although maybe you can it's almost like you have to remember to pay and if you don't you get penalized and if you want to overpay to pay off the debt quicker they don't like that not sure how true that is that's just what I have kind of gauged from what you've said but I definitely have heard of people that have gotten to bother with clana the other comment has come from one of you on Instagram and you have said that because I've spoken before about my own experience with debt which I'm going to briefly cover for anyone who's new because I've spoken about that you want to know whether like talking about using debt to buy luxury and you've gone on to say that some people have said that YouTube's over but you're actually thinking it's not over it's the horrendous state of the global economy that is and and this kind of whole using credit to buy luxury so do I think social media has got a part to play massively yes social media is marketing and marketing is about um getting people to be in you just to learn about a product that they didn't know existed in the first place and that's what social media does um even when you are let's say making a video and it's not even sponsored you're just like oh there's this cool new thing out did you know about it maybe you didn't know about it that's that's what people on YouTube want depending on the sector that you watch now for example if I talk about the sector I'm in I do from time to time I do videos to do like motivation and business and they're more wholesome videos that aren't about materialism but they don't get watched the videos that are of interest to the majority are videos that are about stuff and I get it I I understand it but I think the problem is that is the problem is we we're all in the west it's very much about stuff and there is the problem because if you keep seeing new things new things new things you can't keep up with that even I can't keep up with that it's it's that kind of um desire driven need to have the latest thing and that I think is a big problem in in any community on YouTube that looks at stuff now for example my favorite community on YouTube is the car influencer section and it's the same over there every like you'll watch one person and every week they've got a new car and you're thinking how are they doing that how like how have they got a new car they're probably being loaned them you don't know but when you're watching people and they've constantly got the newest thing it can be quite um it just can drive want in you and I said it just a moment ago I said again I'm very much part of the problem because as someone who does YouTube as I've said when I do videos that aren't to do with stuff no one's interested people want to people want to know what's new and I get that so my personal backstory when it comes to debt and I'm going to briefly talk about this cuz loads of you already know but for any of you who are new I've spoken quite candidly on this channel about my debt and how I got out of it it took me around 8 years to get out of debt and the way I got into it was through University but then when I graduated University my first job didn't pay me enough to clear all of my minimum payments so I ended up getting into more debt to pay off the debt and I couldn't get a new job I couldn't get anyone to interview me for a role that paid a amount per month that you could actually live on and that that was the thing at the time that's what made it really difficult and the only way I clawed myself out of debt was when I started getting jobs that paid a reasonable um livable wage and that was the point where I could start chipping away at it but if you are in debt and if you're in the situation I was in where you're simply not ear earning enough to clear it that is a really tough situation to be in and as I've spoken about before there is only really one thing you can do and the one thing you can do is to try and boost your earnings and I'm going to do a video on this um coming up for any of you who are interested um to do with promotions how you can get promotions how you can change sectors if you're working somewhere and it's a bit dead end uh and you want to do something new the there are things you can do but it's not easy and it's never quick um but there is a way out there is a light at the end of the tunnel so if you're struggling with it at the moment know that I understand and um yeah I can do more videos on that I already have got some videos on debt so go and have a look if you want uh to kind of watch any more of that but definitely when it comes to social media social media I think drives without doubt more people to use credit to go and buy things that the don't really need and the problem is with doing that and I used to find this is you'd be really excited in the moment about whatever it is that you want to go and buy and you put it on the credit card and you're really excited and then a couple of weeks later when the excitement's worn off and you've got the statement through that's when you kind of kick yourself and think we shouldn't do it cuz it's not worth it and also unless you're in the habit of being able to pay off your credit cards um in full once a month month actually the bag you've bought cost you more cuz you're paying interest on it so it's never it's never never worth it it really isn't now things like CLA split it PayPal credit I um I actually worry with with some of those things about the very young generation because clana looks to be quite an easy thing to sign up to and it's I see it now at the checkout of so many websites it's like do you want to pay with clana and I I don't even know how it works but it looks to me to be like quite an easy thing to slip into um into getting into debt that way and it's not worth it now there is a caveat to it if you let take this example if you want to go and buy a bag on vest a collective vest a collective offer split it where you can I think you can do it over 3 months or 6 months or something where you take the value of the item that you want to buy and you pay an agreed amount per month but in order to be able to set that up you have to have the money in your account in the first place so and I I'm not sure how it works but I would imagine that you proceed to go through the purchase process using split it they do a check on your bank account or your credit card to make sure you've got the money and then you pay it off monthly and it's interest free interest free is another way that I think a lot of these places get us because we think oh it's interest free it's fine it's only fine if if you're clearing it month on month but when it comes to split it I get I get that interest free if you've got the money available but you're like well I just don't want to put all of it down in one one lump sum I get it and I hope in this video I'm not sounding like I'm being judgmental to anyone who's in debt because I really don't um intend to be like I was in debt I've been there as I say um and judgment is the worst thing I think when it comes to debt as well one thing that I used to find is if you told anyone you'd get the whole kind of like what did you do that for how did that and it's like it's irrelevant how it happened the fact is it did and and how can I get out of it now that's the thing so in this I'm not trying to um make anyone feel bad for being in it because I think probably most people are in debt to some extent I've always said that the only debt I ever want is the mortgage and my mobile phones I don't want anything more than that not since I got myself out of that dark hole anyway there is one thing that I find really unfair and it's price Rises and I find them unfair because for those of us who go to work save and then go and buy the item when this constant price Rises you can get to a point where you never quite save up enough to get the item because just when you've saved up enough the price has gone up particularly if you're someone who like let's say you buy one bag a year and so you're saving them most of the year to be able to get that one bag and then just when you've reached your summit you've reached the amount that you need to save it's gone up that I think is really unfair and and not that the brands care but um I think that's really unfair and I think that's probably another way that a lot of people fall into debt is that they've got the majority of the money but there's just that bit over that they don't have now here's the thing I actually think that buying luxury or or buying anything on a credit card is a good thing if you pay it off each month I personally use credit cards to buy things and I do it because of the protection that it gives you if anything goes wrong if anything breaks with an item um if I buy online and like the Box turns up and it's empty you know you hear these horror stories if you pay with a credit card you do have that protection so and also it's a good protection from your bank account you know if your card gets cloned or something you're safer with a credit card than you are with your bank card so for that reason I always use a credit card for everything but I would definitely urge you to pay it off at the end of each month because it's it's like a can of worms if you don't if you fall out of that habit it's a nightmare what's your experience though when it comes to this do you find that social media is a Temptation for you or you know cuz there is a big argument to say actually that with social media it can be a really good thing because there are so many people out there that do videos saying don't by this it's not that great it breaks or it whatever so a lot of the time actually social media can be a very good way of De influencing when it comes to certain products or Services things that aren't that good it can actually save you money so but what do you think of it how do you feel about social media has it ever tempted you thank you so much for watching I hope this hasn't been too rambly I just thought i' had had a whole load of ideas in my head and I thought I'd tell you all about them but let me know what you think in the comments thank thank you and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @chynnabydesign [2 likes]: I appreciate your honesty especially being within the fashion industry. Social media got people out here being delusional having them keep up with trends. I was so conditioned as a child to have the latest stuff. 

Only a broke mentality cares about the logo being plastered everywhere for validation. Wealthy people don’t wear a bunch of logos in ur face. 

Glad I’m older and more conscious in my decision making when it comes to shopping because there are good quality luxury brands out there where the logos aren’t all in ur face.
  2. @kayrob1104 [1 likes]: When your bag is worth more than it's content ( AKA your wallet) that's extremely problematic 😞 social Media clearly doesn't help
  3. @magnumopus8202 [1 likes]: I don't blame social media 100%. I blame people's susceptibility to peer pressure, crowd following, marketing, and general media. Social media is just another promotion tool. The bigger problem is people are so concerned with looking rich instead of being rich.
  4. @anaerobic [1 likes]: Wait, why would you want to be in debt for a phone?_?
  5. @96unique2: Atleast  for me, klarna is great. I never buy anything unless i know i have the money to pay it off. Klarna is intrest free if u pay it with the time frame. Im in canada  though so im not sure if the laws here helps
  6. @tiepolo100: OT, but I love the dress (top?) you are wearing, Sophie, it looks so elegant.
  7. @Pwebbm: I love the video range you post. You give a smart perspective.    There's a chemical reaction in our brain like a high when we buy something new, right?  I love my handbag collection but with the huge price increases it's taken the fun out it, really. Social media does fuel it but I also see the saturation and sometimes that actually helps me not to buy.  I'm in my 60s and I've have/had the debt and it's a huge mental drag. You are so supportive and well-rounded in your vlogs🌼
  8. @A-is-for-accident: Dont go into debt for a luxury handbag, a new phone or some random stuff that you want. Go into debt for a house and MAYBE for your education if needed or a car if you absolutely need one to get to work. The rest is not worth it. Sophie, thank you for giving healthy financial advice to people instead of just promoting luxury.
  9. @LeonardoDiCapri-Sun: I don’t buy anything unless I can afford it in full on my debit card. I have student debt but I act like it doesn’t exist 😂
  10. @dickersonr6172: If you are in debt, then you are not living a luxurious life
  11. @CAEO416: The need for people to covet goods, shiny and new is what marketers prey on. They hire psychologists and find out exactly how to prey on our insecurities. It will never make you happy. That’s why you have to keep on buying new stuff. Happiness comes from within. It has and will always be, and inside job.
  12. @brookxiaofengxiong8473: I Love your elegant dress ❤Sister！
  13. @stereomaster4231: I'd recommend doing research before making a video about a topic. It can help mitigate against having to say things like "I'm not sure how it works, but..." And "I imagine it works by..."
  14. @camadams9149: People who get into debt for luxury items (or buy them in the first place) disgust me in the same way fat people disgust me. 
There is nothing more repulsive than that piggy little person who consumes, consumes, consumes. It's just gross
  15. @rnt45t1: This is why men should avoid women at all cost now. We cannot afford to put up with this shit!
  16. @richardmattocks: I never impulse buy. If I see something I want, I think about it for at least a week. If I still want it, then I look to see if I can afford it, and if I can’t, I just move on. 

Impulse buying is a really bad idea as it’s almost always on stuff you don’t need.
  17. @nuri00ko: It is a GROSS and common misconception that ONLY a credit card has the fraud and coverage protection. From what I've learned in my financial literacy journey, as long as you have the big names like VISA or MASTERCARD label on your bank card, you have the exact same protection. The only difference from a credit card and your bank card is the direct access to your funds/who's money you're using to pay for the product. I agree that only use a credit card IF you have the full amount and pay it off every single month -- it is insane to carry credit card debt and pay upwards of 18-28% in interest for that product.
  18. @chinesememer: What sane person would take on debt to get bags and stuff, just wear a mask and loot those stores😂
  19. @testing1-2three: My goodness I didn’t know that about Klarna.
  20. @savagebeastking8703: If I don’t have the money to buy something and still have a good amount of money left over. I don’t want to buy the thing. It’s just not worth the money because I can’t afford it 😮

- CREDIT CARD DEBT FREE: How luxury shopping got me into $40k debt + 5 habits that got me out.: Kind: captions Language: en oh I've been waiting forever to make this video and I'm so so incredibly happy that the day has finally arrived hello welcome to a briefcase of luxury a place where we love to chat about all things related to Life Learning and luxury so to be completely blunt one of the main reasons why I don't feel comfortable showing my face on YouTube isn't because I lack the self-confidence to show my face um I'm perfectly okay with my face but rather I'm not gonna lie I I wouldn't be 100 comfortable if my students or professional colleagues knew about the side of me and my personal shopping spending habits which is a huge topic on this channel and that's because I am a business professor that essentially studies and researches rational decision making so I guess it's a bit like being a personal trainer who knows how to diet and how to train but maybe they've let themselves go a little if you know what I mean um I mean I won't say it's quite the same as like being a personal financial planner and not having your own personal finances in order but it does still feel a little hypocritical that I am supposed to be somewhat of an expert on strategic decision making yet all someone needs to do is take a peek at my personal life and I can see how easy it would be to start questioning my judgment and critical thinking skills and maybe in turn question my professional work and opinions and I just don't want to jeopardize that so I'm sorry but not sorry if it comes across as being hypocritical because I personally think I am good at my job but that doesn't mean I haven't made many of poor decisions that I am not proud of but in this video I do want to talk about the decisions that I've made that I am proud of and I am so so proud to say that I am finally credit card debt free after constantly carrying a balance for years and years I mean at least over a decade so if my credit card debt was a child it would be a middle school now this doesn't mean I'm 100 debt free I still have a mortgage I still have student loans and car loans but hey we got to celebrate the little wins in life okay um so towards the end of last year I finally made the decision to get serious about tackling my personal finances because I'm not getting any younger and my income is finally somewhat stabilized so knowing that I'm probably not going to have any major swings in my income provided that I don't lose my job it's just the perfect time to get that area of my life Under Control Plus let's be honest my shopping habits have really gotten away from me over the past few years and it all started when my income started to get comfortable by the end of last year I had somehow racked up over thirty thousand dollars almost forty thousand dollars in credit card debt and I was just flabbergasted I honestly don't even know how it happened I mean I do I it was a home rental here a vacation there a little shopping here a Birkin there that's spread out over multiple credit cards and I think what made it even worse was that in the back of my mind I knew I could pay it off if I wanted to I mean I always paid more than the minimum balances but just never paid them off in full each month not because I couldn't back then because psychologically it felt better to have money left over in the bank you know but it got to the point where I actually couldn't pay it off even if I wanted to and so yeah before I kneel it almost forty thousand dollars in credit card debt so once I made the intentional decision to get my finances in order I knew this was the first area I desperately needed to tackle it's been about seven to eight months since I first got serious about it and while I know this probably is impossible for everyone to tackle in this amount of time depending on a whole host of different factors like your income your other debt your fixed expenses and so just to provide you guys with some context my husband and I we both make over six figures we both we have a mortgage we have two car payments and we do have student loans so that I mean at least gives you a general idea where we are coming from in terms of our take-home income in our other debts now for some of you making six figures having a dual income household that's making six figures each May mean that knocking out almost forty thousand dollars in credit card debt may be no big thing right for others considering how many people over considering how many people making over six figures can still be living paycheck to paycheck knocking out that amount can be difficult and it can require some lifestyle changes and for me it was actually the little changes that have the biggest effects so I wanted to share with you five daily habits for what I did to get out of credit card debt and what I plan on doing to stay out of credit card debt this time for good some of these may be super obvious some of these may seem counter-intuitive but hey if it works for me I hope it works for you at the end of the day just bear in mind consistency and simplicity will always be complexity and sophistication let's get started I lied before I start this is going to be another chatty video I don't have a lot of eye candy to show so feel free to just let this play and go about doing your chores and all that good stuff and also if you are struggling with debt and with shopping just please know that you are not alone I make this video not to brag or to put anyone down but just to encourage those of you out there who are struggling that I mean I get it it's not easy for sure but it's the best gift you can gift yourself so hang in there and don't give up my first habit was to be in manual and not automatic mode the first thing I did when I set out to tackle this amount of debt was to make it explicitly clear to myself that this was my priority not a new bag not a Christmas or birthday present not a summer vacation but this getting out a credit card debt had to be the number one priority and when something is top of mind you can't be on autopilot even if you wanted to because anytime you automate something means you are dedicating your focus and brain power to something else now this may sound somewhat controversial I know especially when most Financial gurus who tell you that hey being on autopilot in terms of setting up Auto drafts Auto pays Etc is a great tool for Building Wealth without you even realizing that's what you're doing but here we're not talking about building or increasing wealth we're talking about decreasing debt so having auto payments drafted to pay set amounts for my credit card balances every month just really wasn't cutting it for me so when it came to tackling my balances I took myself off auto mode and put myself into a manual mode overdrive so I had to personally make those transactions which means I now have greater control over how often when and how much I wanted to pay down my balance and since I was off autopilot I actually set a little alarm on my calendar to track my bi-weekly pay periods and every time I got paid I'd set aside time that day to manually go over my statements now stuff like our mortgage car loans utilities etc those I do have set up to Auto draft just so I don't have too much to worry about at one time but for my credit cards I had to manually make sure that they got paid and so for the past few months I've been paying my credit cards bi-weekly and I would make sure to pay the maximum amount I can't afford to as opposed to the minimum balance or whatever automatic transfer I had set up before being able to be that Hands-On really did make the progress feel real and I'm always constantly aware of how much I had left to go my second daily habit was to make sure my credit card debt was not out of sight and not out of mind during this period any given day I knew exactly how much I had left to pay you could say I was borderline obsessed with it and what I did was I had the balance left on every credit card in my notepad on my phone and it's the top line that I see whenever I open my notes app that's where I also keep my groceries slash errands list slash wish list Etc but before I could even look at anything else my credit card balance is just blaring at me at the very top so each time I wanted to add stuff to my grocery or wishlist I'd be reminded of my balance and it will make me think twice about adding unnecessary things to my list it would make me pause at least just for a second to ask myself hey if I purchased this how long will it set me back by so yeah I became somewhat obsessed with that number and the need to watch it go down every two weeks sometimes I just find myself sitting and staring at that number and calculating different scenarios and doing mental math and figuring out how soon before it would finally read zero it was a great way to keep me motivated and to be constantly reassessing my other needs in my life including my groceries and my wish lists my third daily habit was to take care of my fixed expenses first me Nix and then my debt third so practically speaking I did make sure that all of my fixed expenses were taken care of first and I do plan on making a separate video after this to give you an idea of how I've been funneling my money um after every paycheck but after fixed expenses are taken care of you would think that of paying off my credit cards were that important to me that would be what I handled next but not really because I know myself I know I'd be miserable if I really had a scarcity mindset of feeling like I can't have anything extra until my debt is paid off I mean I know this is how I ended up in this mess to begin with so what I would do next is actually to put aside a small but set amount of fun money so that I still feel like on this journey to paying off my credit card debt I have enough set aside to have fun without relying on credit cards again I'll cover this more in a future video but let's just say my husband and I agreed on putting aside 6000 dollars in total so that's three thousand dollars for each of us to spend on shopping for this first half of the year so even as I'm paying off my balance I still have something to look forward to yes that six thousand dollars could have gone a long way in helping pay down the debt even faster um but we didn't want to be completely miserable for this first half of the Year either my fourth daily habit was implementing a no leftovers strategy I know this strategy goes by many different names but essentially the one that's worked best for me has been the zero based budgeting strategy where every dollar in my bank account is assigned a purpose again I'll share exactly where things go in my next video but in short I have a daily spending checking account that I keep at a set balance that's it there's never a dollar left in there over that set amount but so whatever is over that amount I will manually use to pay extra towards my credit cards so every paycheck I start fresh all over again at that set balance at first it would stress me out not seeing my bank account grow because with this strategy it means I'm not putting anything extra towards my fun money or towards the principal of my mortgage or car loans it means I'm not putting anything extra towards my savings or retirement either my dollar amount over my set amount and any dollar that's over my set amount gets funneled into paying down my credit cards and I have to be okay with my bank account looking a little stagnant so it does feel like I haven't made any progress but I just have to accept that that's more of a mental block rather than a true reflection of my personal finances because here we are today my fifth daily habit was relearning how to scratch my itch I saved this for last because this was the most important for me personally like I mentioned earlier I Know Myself and I know what a struggle it can be to see my growing available credit balance see a good sale or a good deal on a pre-loved hard to find bag and want to blow all the progress I've made if you are a lux lover like I am like you probably get it the kind of shopping we do it just takes one bad decision to blow thousands of dollars and whenever I do feel tempted there's two main things I do the first thing is I go to my closet and I take a moment to shop my current collection and to appreciate everything I already have so if there's something I was wanting I would find it in my closet at least the most similar item I own and just start to go over a mental checklist of do I really need a second item for something that will essentially serve the same purpose and then usually the answer is no now maybe in the future I can replace what I have with it but I'm also not ready to part ways with anything thing in my current collection either but just taking a moment to play around with my bags for instance since if you've been around you know that bags are my kryptonite then I usually do get reminded of how insanely blessed I already am now the second thing I do is to check my fun money account and see how much I have in there and if it's something I'm willing to spend my fun money on then if it is then great if not I can pass on it for me it's actually been fun having a set fun money amount so now here we are in June we've hit our fun money amount of six thousand dollars and I have yet to spend a drop of my three thousand dollar allowance but I've been thinking through how I would spend that money and I have some ideas and hopefully I'll have a haul video sometime for you guys this summer to show you how I've spent it as a side note let me know how you would spend three thousand dollars that set aside specifically for luxury shopping we are also resetting the clock so we will be putting aside another set amount for the second half of the year I don't know how much that will be yet but the other option is I could also save my three thousand dollars so I have more by the end of the year I'm not sure if that's what I'll be doing since I do have some ideas already on what I want and we will be taking a quick shopping trip this summer so those are the five habits over the past seven or eight months that have led us to going ham on my credit card debt and totally annihilating it um and again for some it may not seem like a big deal but for me I've personally I've personally have had a balance on my cards ever since I got my first credit card in my 20s and I've never been at a true zero balance so this is new to me but what I learned from doing this is that being credit card debt free is not a one and done deal all the work I put into this can easily be undone with just one bad financial decision I remember when fashion file had their winter spring sale oh and the Temptation was so real to just say hey just get that Kelly bag now it may put you back about twelve thousand dollars but you'll never have to worry about getting one from the boutique in the future you don't have to worry about pre-spin it's you know it's the bag the color Etc that you've been wanting and I was so so so close to pulling the trigger even though I know I didn't have enough set aside for it and I would have had to rely on credit um but at the end of the day I know another bag that I like will become available I know fashion file will have another sale event and I just don't want to spend my entire life having to obsess about my credit card debt day in and day out like I have over the past couple of months and by the way I'm not saying credit cards are from the double I will most definitely continue to use my credit cards but I will definitely be a lot more disciplined about making sure the balances stay paid off and not to even put any purchases on there where I don't already have the funds to cover it first so what's next in my next video I want to share with you how I currently have my finances set up and what my new money goals are and how I plan to reach them so now that I am credit card debt free the next step is to put in place the systems processes and goals to help me stay credit card debt free I want to open up a little bit more about my finances and share with you how I've been managing my money since I started this journey and what I plan on doing moving forward as well as some goals I've been able to hit this year so far in addition to paying off the credit cards and some other goals I'm still working towards so if you aren't already subscribed please do like this video hit the subscription Bell and I'd love to see you again in our next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @bella4135 [1 likes]: I love using zero based budgeting! I’ve been doing it since trying to get out of debt—now anything leftover gets saved!
  2. @everlastingelation [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing your experiences with us. It really inspires me to be more financially conscious while enjoying luxury shopping. Looking forward to your future videos! :)
  3. @hill1091: Thank you so much for sharing this! It was a wake up call in so many ways and I admire your discipline 😮❤

- The FOMO Effect: How Social Media Influences Our Spending: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] ever scrolled through your social media feed and felt a sudden urge to buy something or travel Somewhere That's The Power of fomo or the fear of missing out at play today we're diving deep into this phenomenon and exploring how it's reshaping our spending habits in the digital age so buckle up and let's get started fomo isn't just a trendy acronym it's a genuine psychological response it's that uneasy feeling that everyone is experiencing something exciting and you're not part of it in the context of money it often translates to impulsive spending as we try to keep up with perceived standards set by our peers or influencers platforms like Instagram Tik Tok and Twitter have become virtual Windows into people's lives we see influencers vacation in exotic locations friends flaunting their latest purchases and ads showcasing the musthave products while it's entertaining it also creates a constant sense of wanting a need to have what everyone else seems to have but what happens when we give in to these urges for starters impulsive purchases can lead to financial strain credit card debts reduced savings and even strained personal relationships can stem from fomod driven decisions moreover the initial thrill of a new purchase Fades quickly often replaced by buyers remorse or the stress of paying off debt so how can we combat fomo and make more mindful financial decisions awareness recognize and accept that social media is a curated version of reality not everything we see is as perfect as it appears budgeting set clear Financial boundaries allocate a specific amount for fund spending and stick to it value experiences instead of buying objects invest in experiences or skills that bring long-term joy and growth consider taking regular breaks from social media to reconnect with your real life priorities regularly reflect on what you have rather than what you lack a gratitude Journal can be a great tool for this in this digital age fomo is a challenge we all grapple with but with awareness discipline and a focus on genuine well-being we can navigate the social media landscape without compromising our Financial Health remember true growth isn't about having everything it's about cherishing what you have and continuously striving for better thanks for joining us today and if this resonated with you don't forget to like share and subscribe for more ins ightful content

- Do Social Media Influencers actually affect consumers?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] i know a lot of friends of mine if they see someone wearing xyz they want to get the same thing i follow people and then i'm like oh my god i want that and i want that and i spend way more i need to get rid of instagram because that is the worst if i love a brand and i see an influencer who i know i will buy from it but if i see like a random influencer with a random brand i won't i'm a bit old for social media influencers however i did buy this mascara today because of a social media influencer so they go so i'm not i'm not immune to this to the influences i try to avoid the kind of more mainstream like ex-love island people personally like pretty little thing boohoo it's like brands that i 100 avoid the one that's come to mind only because we were talking about it this morning um in uni was the whole um pretty little thing kind of move to hire molly may those clothes when they've been reviewed are completely different to how they looked online and on her i'm gonna be wise about my decisions and not go out and spend all this crazy money because i've seen it online but there's a part of me that's like oh hmm like i could try that out but then i think like the sensible part of my brain like overpowers that and like no that's a ridiculous purchase you don't need that let's say you look at a platform like instagram for example obviously you've got instagram shopping channels so you can literally directly shop from a feed you can literally be like oh let me tap on the photo there's the description click on it and it goes straight to the consumer purchase page right that really is a good way to get people to buy online and also seeing the way that people wear things for example let's say it's clothes you might see someone you like wearing something nice and you're like oh this looks really cool i want it social media is basically a trend like social media has always had an impact on the world we live in today especially because everything is so well connected so you're able to see the latest shoes the latest jackets the latest this and that is that but the crazy thing about it is you're able to see your favorite people in those things as well i definitely feel distrustful of influences so you know i think they do get better versions of clothes especially if it's these brands like pretty little thing and like boohoo and all of that kind of stuff maybe have they even tried the products before they're selling them are they just doing this for a paycheck not because they actually enjoy the products so i am very wary for sure

  Top Comments:
  1. @bisulpenyu [4 likes]: wow subconsciously I'm very crazy about social media that can influence me to buy something, well we have something in common LOL
  2. @whoissnooze [3 likes]: How can we get rid of those sellfluencers?
  3. @Ravshanbek04: I'm agree, social media role in shopping is crucial and it depends on people desire to purchase as well, after the advertisement because there usally prices are given
  4. @OmonWork: I do agree with this statement, actually that's the reason we see people dressed up like twins more often these days.  I guess it is bad because we are losing diversity in our society and uniqueness and copying one particular person
  5. @Justvakhob: No they do not but they used to because i have received some products with bad quality and i lost my trust and nowadays i personally check the quality first and then buy that product it is not always as they have showed
  6. @ielts_withdiyorbek: Absolutely. It is influnecing me how to buy or choose clothes while i am on the social media. Because i do not have enough time to choose or buy things offline.
Diyorbek
  7. @kath_nold: Social media does influence people into impulse buying. Luckily I'm broke to afford following these trends:D
  8. @AnietieEmmanuel-qg7is: Thanks for the explanation Ma'am, I'll definitely check it out. 

Have you heard of #Reef Chain? Its the next big thing on the crypto space now. It has a 💯 x potential and has been Bullish ever since launch.

- Money Matters: Social media and spending: Kind: captions Language: en this morning social media could be causing you to spend more and Southwest Airlines operational emergency stretches into day number six Jane King joins us live from the Nasdaq with those stories and more on this morning's money matters report hey good morning to you Jane good morning so Southwest has double the normal number of planes taken out of service daily because of mechanical issues that makes me nervous as a flier South with us well they're blaming the mechanics Union so it looks like there are some kind of corporate politics going on here perhaps Bloomberg says Southwest has been in contract talks with the union representing the mechanics for more than six years I mean this has been going on for a long time Southwest has canceled at least 519 flights since February 15th that's according to flight aware comm and the Weight Watchers ass is losing more than just pounds yes Weight Watchers stock plunged that means oprah winfrey steak has shrunk by 550 million in eight months and the problem is the Weight Watchers app remember the company changed the same 2ww so I'm still getting used to that JPMorgan analysts say that users just keep ignoring the app they're not sticking with it they're not using it that much also the new year's resolution period wasn't as strong as hoped hmm so what's just about Kroger saying that would open a robotic warehouse in Central Florida is that still happening they are working with a company called oak Otto solutions that is an online grocery retailer it's based in the United Kingdom now 2018 akkad oh and Kroger had this partnership to build 20 customer fulfillment centers a Kroger says the warehouses will allow it to provide customers with anything anywhere anytime so this could have a major implication for Publix which has just recently started to make headway in the realm of online grocery shopping kind of amazing to watch these okada plants it's just these like robots moving back and forth like moving stuff around ship and stuff around it's amazing so back in the old days it was called keeping up with the Joneses and now it's social media that may be causing us to spend more you know you see your friends doing something cool they bought a new vehicle went on a great trip one group says Americans poor savings rate has to do with social media this has actually been going on for a while now with social media people spending is more visible and weaving humans want to keep up so we spend two now the study found people look to others also to see how they should be spending their money as well on social media we shouldn't have to bow to that pressure but so many people do every this before and I will say it again everything you see on Facebook ain't real oh that's right it's all the happiest moments there you go Jake thank you have a good thank you

- The Battle for Your Time: Exposing the Costs of Social Media | Dino Ambrosi | TEDxLagunaBlancaSchool: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: Norhan Eliwa Reviewer: Sadegh Vahdati Nia By providing space for constant evolution, we can all transform how we view ourselves and the world around us. Bear with me, everybody. I'm going to start off today on a little bit of a heavy note, but I promise things will lighten up. The dots on this screen represent an adult life in months, assuming a life expectancy of 90. So if you're 18 years old right now, this is an optimistic estimate of the months that you have left. Take a second to take that in. Probably not as many as you would expect. And I’m sorry to say that it does get worse because about a third of that time is going to be spent sleeping. On average, 126 of those months will go to school in your career. About 18 will be spent driving, 36 cooking and eating, 36 doing chores and errands and about 27 in the bathroom and taking care of personal hygiene. So that leaves you with 334 months, optimistically, for everything else. So this is where you tick the boxes on your bucket list. This is where you pursue your passions and travel the world and leave your mark. How you spend this time is going to determine the quality of your life. But this time isn't just something that you spend, it’s also something that you invest. Because what you do with it will quite literally determine the kind of person you become. The body, mind and character that you will have in the future are being actively shaped by how you choose to use your time today. So take a second and ask yourself, “What do you want to do with that free time? What things do you want to do that you haven't done? Who do you want to spend that time with? What is worth investing it in?” Now, I would be willing to bet that scrolling through TikTok, binge watching Netflix, and playing video games probably did not come to mind. But today, the average 18 year old in the United States is on pace to spend 93% of their remaining free time looking at a screen. That is not counting time for school. So wrap your head around how sad that is. Imagine getting to the age of 90, seeing this visualization of how you spent all your time after the age of 18 and thinking about all the things you could have done that you did not do because you got distracted. And I also want you to ask yourself, “What do you think over 26 years of screen time would do to you? What is that an investment in? How would it change you?” It's well established that there's a link between high screen time and mental health issues such as depression and anxiety. But recently we've started to unveil the cognitive consequences of excessive tech use as well. When we're staring at our screens, we are constantly switching our attention between different pieces of information. The average TikTok is about 15 seconds long, and over 55% of webpages are viewed for 15 seconds or less. And if you're switching your attention every 15 seconds for an average of eight hours and 39 minutes a day, you are training yourself to become chronically distracted. Think about what that will do to your career, to your relationships, and to your ability to pursue the things that matter most to you. Unfortunately, the consequences of screen time are not limited to our mental health and our cognition. Because every social media platform carries a message that affects what we believe. They influence the way we see ourselves and the way we see the world purely based on how they are designed. Instagram inherently says that your worth is largely defined by what you look like and what you do on vacations. It compels you to capture all the most meaningful moments of your life on camera and share them with your entire social network. And it implicitly says that it's more valuable to have a thousand people that will give you transient social approval than a few that deeply care about you, even when it’s not your best day. Snapchat inherently says that the quality of our relationships is best measured by the frequency of our communication, regardless of what we're actually saying. You get a point added to your Snapchat streak, even if you just send a picture of the side of your face with the caption streaks. Twitter says that anything worth saying can and should be reduced to an arbitrary number of characters. It says that the world is black and white. That it's more important to be updated about everything, then deeply informed about anything. And when you start to compare the messages these platforms are sending with those of technologies from the past, you begin to get a sense of what we might be losing, because the inherent structure of a book says that the world is complex and it takes time to understand. It compels us to walk in the shoes of other people and see things from their perspective with context. And it forces us to focus on one train of thought for an extended period of time, which nurtures our attention. And the letter tells us that our communication doesn't need to be frequent. It just needs to be deep. So when you factor all that in, it quickly becomes clear that the opportunity cost of this screen time is impossible to calculate. And I have never shown this visualization to anyone that actually wants to spend time staring at a screen. So there is a stark difference between how much time we say our screens are worth and how much time we actually give them. And it is critical to realize that is not an accident. That is by design. It’s a consequence of a business model, that has incentives which are fundamentally misaligned with your wellbeing. Because you are the product that social media sells. These services are free because they are monetizing you. They profit by helping advertisers change your future behavior, whether that be where you spend your time, how you spend your money or even who you vote for. In order to do that, they have to do two things. They need to figure out which ads are going to influence you by collecting as much data about you as they possibly can. And then they need to show you as many of those ads as possible. So social media is free because you pay for it with your time. Their profit is directly linked to how long they can get you to scroll. And every social media platform is in a battle with each other to capture as much of your free time as possible. So let’s run a thought experiment. I want you to ask yourself, how much would you pay for your favorite social media platform if it charged you a monthly subscription fee? So pick the app that you use the most. And raise your hand if you would pay at least $5 a month. Okay. How about $10 a month? 20? Don't see any hands anymore. Well, let's do a quick calculation to figure out how much we're effectively paying for an app like TikTok. We'll assume that you value your time at a rate of $20 per hour and you're spending two hours a day on the platform or 30 days in a month. So you're effectively paying $1,200 per month for TikTok. So when you start to do this kind of analysis, it quickly becomes clear that most of us are drastically overpaying for social media. My ask of you is this: Figure out what it means for you to get a good deal out of social media platforms. In order to do that, you have to do two things: You have to ask yourself, “What value do these services provide? And second, you have to ask, “How much of your time is that value worth?” Now, I want to be clear that I am not saying social media is without value. It can be an incredibly powerful tool. It can foster relationships. It can introduce you to new ideas. It can even spark social movements. But we need to learn to use it in moderation. Don't let yourself get to the age of 90, only to look back on your life and realize that while you were trying to avoid FOMO, you actually missed out on living. That free time is your most valuable resource. Do not give it away for free. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Noob-811-45 [1 likes]: "Social media is free because you pay for it with your time"
  2. @gigglystinkfinger [1 likes]: Cellphones and social media are robbing every person of every normal human emotion, trait, ect.. And AI is a way to take away your ability and judgement to distinguish real from fake. Cellphones and social media are the most dangerous type of warfare ever released upon humanity.
  3. @AligoniIbrahim-c6g: This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
  4. @drarpita: Excellent presentation .
Must watch for everyone in today’s era!
  5. @pilotpawanc: Exposing the cost of social media on social media, ironically enough

Good Video though
  6. @Elizabeth_Childs: What a great talk and he ended with a bang. I don't scroll much, I just post and then I live my life lol.
  7. @Elizabeth_Childs: 8:30 yep.
  8. @Elizabeth_Childs: That's one reason I've been working on getting off social media.
  9. @johnk.471: Use your phone as a tool, and not as an entertainment device.
  10. @anmoldeepkaur6237: ❤
  11. @Tigs2: Did i spend another 11 minutes of my free time watching this? I want yo buy an old nokia phone that just does phone calls!!
  12. @veena9823: Successfully deleted snap chat and instagram account 🧘‍♀️🧘‍♀️ I used to gym and yoga.. now I'm  more into..it
And doing good things  reading books, cooking and cleaning with out seeing my phone ..which is good for mental health..♥️

You tube is best.. now we can limit our short videos also.. if u don't want we can restrict.. 


Please give  me thumbs up  guys .. I will  remember that i should not install instagram no matter what  in future..🙃
  13. @Sonnyblankey123: You know what's crazy is that if you look up videos like this there's barely any of them because they don't want you to know that they're here
  14. @amandachartier6892: Thank you for spreading this knowledge
  15. @movie6819: Social media doesn't take subscription fees rather it takes your valuable times that hourly rate10$++
  16. @loganrichey648: I'm watching this on a screen. Excellent advice though!
  17. @niicoiacono: este video me hizo querer salir a tocar pasto
  18. @DrawWithSanskar: This one of the direct and practical speech I have here in the internet I will surely become  conscious while using social media 😊
  19. @ilonaxxx20: Many people spend much much more time driving.
  20. @HussainAftab-k7u: Exceptional lesson brother 👏 
Your every point was spot on and made full resemblence with real life.

- Inside Gen Z’s Spending Habits: Social Media, Influencers & ‘Main Character Energy’ | The Money Show: Kind: captions Language: en Hello and welcome. You're watching The Money Show. I'm with you, Kavita Thapliyal. There's a growing narrative around Gen Z's being financially savvy, choosing quality over quantity, cutting down on impulse buys, and embracing what's being called selective spending. But, is this really a shift towards smarter money habits or just a new >> [music] >> way of spending more? Let's take a closer look. Uh you know, scroll through social social media today. What do we see? Uh we'll see Gen Z's consumer proudly talking about intentional purchases. [music] Uh few items, but uh better brands, premium experiences, and products that align with personal identity. Now, this trend, often described as uh selective buying, is rooted in conscious consumption. Instead of fast fashion hauls or bulk shopping, many young consumers are choosing sustainability, exclusivity, and long-term value. But, here's the reality check. While Gen Z may be buying fewer items, but they are often spending more per purchase. From high-end skin care and tech gadgets to niche fashion labels [music] and curated experiences, the average transaction value is rising. In fact, many Gen Z consumers are prioritizing lifestyle upgrades, dining out, travel, and digital subscriptions over traditional savings. Now, experts say this isn't necessarily financial discipline. It's a shift in how money is being spent, [music] not how much. Selective spending can sometimes mask premium consumption habits. Buying one expensive item instead of five cheaper ones may feel responsible, [music] but it doesn't always translate to better financial outcomes. There's also the influence of social media, where aesthetic living and main character energy drive aspirational spending. So, key trends, you know, that we are noticing among the Gen Z spending is higher spending on experiences versus assets, increased use of credit and buy now, pay later services, lower emphasis on long-term savings early in careers, and strong influence of digital trends and peer validation. So, what does this mean for their financial journey? On the positive side, Gen Z is more aware of sustainability and value-driven consumption than previous generations. However, the downside is significant, delayed wealth building [music] uh due to lower saving rates, higher debt exposure, especially through [music] microcredit tools, lifestyle inflation even uh very early in life, which can be hard to reverse. So, financial planners, experts warn that without balancing selective spending with disciplined savings, this trend uh could lead to long-term financial vulnerability. Uh you know, we keep hearing Gen Z is financially aware, but are they actually better with their money or just better at justifying spending? Is selective buying genuinely about financial discipline, or is it just a rebranding of premium consumption? If if someone buys fewer items, but uh spends more overall, can we really call uh that a very smart money behavior? So, these are the questions, [music] you know, that we are faced with today. And let's just deep dive into this, and let's just get them uh uh the right way to walk through their part of their financial journey. Aparna Ramachandra and Vinayak Sapre joining us today as our guest. Hi and welcome to the show, both of you. And definitely a very important topic that we are discussing today. So, Vinayak, I'll come to you first. And yes, the the the very main question, are we talking about Gen Z's being financially disciplined, or are they really justifying what uh uh are we calling at, you know, selective buying or maybe preferred buying? Uh hi, uh Kavita, thank you for inviting me for the show. Uh very valid question. In fact, in Gen Z Gen Z's, we are seeing this uh behavior. And uh that I've seen in my house itself, uh where my son is a Gen Z. Uh Uh the thing is, uh I strongly believe that financially aware does not mean financially literate. And this behavior of uh you know, selective buying, again, the generation is uh driven by the marketing gimmicks as well. So, uh as you rightly said that it is being uh shown in the digital media. the way people need to look at uh buying things uh aesthetics uh and all. Uh also uh about the uh brand consciousness or the peer pressure, which is leading them to buy heavier buy uh things which are very, very expensive in nature, but they look very uh aspiring. Uh okay. So, taking this conversation ahead, Aparna, you know, we are talking about a lot of social media influence also over here. Uh you know, how much of this trend is actually driven by social media validation rather than real financial awareness? The financial awareness uh to to be knowing of something is one thing, but like Vinayak said, awareness is not literacy. Okay? So, today everybody knows that if there is a credit card, they have to pay that credit card bill. But, how many of them actually pay the bill is a question mark. So, uh social media is not the only thing that is influencing them. It it is a big chunk. But, generally, the you there is a shift in the uh how should I say, the psyche. Because today, there is easy availability of credit. Number two, uh the ticket size has come down drastically. So, the you know, it and it is quick. So, the ability the purchasing power, I should say, has gone up, but it is not backed by uh solid financial uh you know, fundamentals. In the last 3 months, uh the number of uh cases that I am seeing where people and these are all Gen Z's. If I if I can include 25 to 35 age gap as Gen Z, then almost 80% of this of my clientele is today Gen Z. And all of them have a laundry list of, you know, the number of uh places where they have borrowed from. And the worst part is, today they are not able to manage. But, to to salvage the crisis, there is no asset available. You know, 10 years ago, I would also see clients where they would say, "Name Adam make LIC product Oscar could hold up the idea. I have a better idea. I have a better idea. Oscar could come again. Yeah." But, today, if you ask them, they are like, "I have nothing." So, this is a a a big, huge chunk. And uh today, the the what do you call the in their lingo, the vibe, the you know, the FOMO, and all of that are the deciding factors for them to purchase or, you know, aspire to live a certain kind of a lifestyle with no worry about tomorrow. That that that that whole buy now, pay later is like enjoy today I know you know, what we are also witnessing is these influencers are shaping our financial choices, you know, more than financial literacy itself. And you mentioned it right. They don't have any other backup investments, LIC, fixed deposits. I'm not very sure if they really believe in investing in fixed deposits, also. Data is also showing that Gen Z is spending more on experiences, travel, you know, dining subscription. Uh you know, it's actually coming at a cost of savings. But, uh uh Vinayak, a quick question to you is, are we seeing delayed financial milestones also because of this? Like emergency fund, investments for home ownership, etc. Because you know, the trend looks like it's lifestyle first spending. Yeah. Uh as Aparna also mentioned uh a few uh terms like FOMO and all. In fact, what they believe is YOLO is you only live once. Yeah. Uh without realizing that we all live once. That is YOLO versus WALL. They need to consider WALL as well. That if they live longer, the bigger risk is living longer and not having enough wealth. And uh the alarming thing which people are not aware of, which is the basics of investing, is uh is the power of compounding. So, if one uh spends more in in the early years, then it does not allow the person to uh ride on the compounding. You know, and and that's where the entire game is. That if one wants to create wealth uh for the rest of the life, it is very, very important to save and invest it smartly. And that's where the thing is missing. And uh probably the reason is uh again, the peer pressure. I I think the most important thing is the peer pressure. That if uh my friend is doing, I need to do that as well. Without realizing that it may have a very, very uh serious implications in the future. Also, uh I mean, like I know that we always believe that, you know, uh uh whatever trouble will come will come to the neighbor, not to me. That is precisely the reason that is probably the reason people do not wear helmets when they go on drive a two-wheeler. So, avoiding that risk or ignoring that risk is the bigger risk, I believe. And that's where people need to make aware. They may need to rather instead of making them aware, we need they need to be educated on that. Aparna, you mentioned earlier, you know, about these small ticket purchases. Are young consumers underestimating how small ticket credit accumulates into long-term financial stress? Even there, now Kavita, the trend is can I salvage my today? There is no thought about what is going to happen tomorrow. The the thought is can I salvage today? So, today I would like to also bring to your notice, you know, people who are 30, 30 plus and when I'm talking to them and I say do you have kids, are you married? So, nine out 10 will say yes, we have children and they don't want the wife to know that they are in this soup. And so, the basic communication bolo your family as a unit bolo that also as a society is going through a shift. And then when I tell them that, you know, as a parent is is the debt a legacy that you want to, you know, leave behind for your child? So, you know, to tomorrow what is that child going to pick from you? And you know, have you thought about that? What about your retirement? What about your, you know, what will you give to your child? So, what's up is nowhere part of their horizon. So, the situation is if the typical story is I have taken a 10 lakh personal loan. Us EMI may I burn a path on so I'm I'm going to a app and I take a 50,000 loan to pay this EMI for this 10 lakh and then this 50,000 I cannot service. So, then I go down to, you know, taking a 20,000 loan to service this 50,000. And so, this jugglery they are able to manage for an X amount of time. It can't go on, right? And then they they are about to go bust is when they want to say that, you know, help please help. And and everybody thinks that there has to be a moratorium and it they they come with a sense of entitlement. For me, my bigger worry or scare in the society is that 10 years ago people were ashamed to come and tell me that or embarrassed to come and tell me that they had messed up their credit card. Will I be able to help? Don't tell anybody. Today, it is like I have messed up and I you know, you tell me how is it that you can salvage me out of this? There has to be a lender who will take away take over all my debt and give me one single EMI. And I'm like what have you got to offer for him to take over your debt? Right. Right. Right. So, so, so Vinay, can we say that, you know, selective spending is actually a psychological comfort, you know, making people feel in control while still overspending? But also, you know, there's one more aspect to this. Does spending on quality reduces your guilt even when you are in strained budgets? You know, right now you feel it's very important. It's giving you a quality of life and therefore you think that it has meaning, it has value. Is that wrong, Vinay? Uh honestly, it is very difficult to say whether it is right or wrong, but the thing is as you said, it reduces the guilt in their eyes, but they don't realize that they the amount they are spending is much much larger than otherwise they would have spent buying five cheaper items. You know, the number of items versus the value of the item. And that's where the dire game is. Psychologically, yes, uh it helps them, it gives them the comfort without realizing that it has it may have a larger implication. And in fact, that's the reason that they are they have been doing it. And but the real threat is that higher debt exposure may lead to big stress in their life. Exactly. Aparna, what's going to be your view? Because to be fair, Gen Z is more conscious about sustainability and value. Is there a possible financial shift you're that we are overlooking, Aparna? I am not sure, Kavita. >> [laughter] >> Because I I really don't know. You know, this whole thought process of, you know, I only live once or, you know, what is important is my today and, you know, I don't care about tomorrow may be good in certain situations, but it does not definitely work in the financial domain, okay? And if you see almost 70% of the loan portfolio is a personal loan. In that 70% portfolio, 65% are youngsters. When I say youngsters, they are between 25 to 38 years of age and this number is incre growing at a rate of 20 to 23% year on year in the last 3 years, okay? And this is not going to stop in the in the immediate future. That's true. >> So, so, this whole thing about, you know, I am not sure whether it is sustainable sustainability or selective buying and all of that are, you know, uh good feel good factors that they have built the narrative to feel good about what they are doing. Uh so, I am not sure. And especially last 3 to 6 months, uh what I am seeing is uh I do not want to scare people on this show, but this is somewhere a worrisome trend and somewhere, you know, people in the ecosystem need to take a take a call on this. So, because this whole personal loan portfolio is is is scarily building. All right. So, just, uh you know, in a nutshell, selective buying may look like financial maturity on the surface, but the bigger picture tells a more complex story. For Gen Zs, the real challenge isn't just what they are buying, but whether they are building a sustainable financial future alongside. Smarter choices or smarter marketing, the debate around Gen Z spending is just getting started. But then with that, it's a wrap on this particular segment. Thank you so much both of you for taking time out and helping our viewers today. The journey towards a more inclusive India requires collective effort and a shared commitment to accessibility and equality. Through the Samarth by Hyundai initiative, voices from across the country are lending their support to this movement. Let's have a look at this next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @granthaparayanabyradha [1 likes]: well  explained..by Experts...👏👏👏👏👏

- Minimalism vs Consumerism | Michael Mina and Lex Fridman: Kind: captions Language: en what about uh just in general becoming detached from possessions like minimalism and uh not having many things so the the capitalist world kind of pushes you towards having possessions and deriving joy from more and more and better possessions have you have you returned back to the joys of that world or do you find yourself enjoying the minimalist life uh a little of both i think i really don't like i find things to be a burden to be a massive burden yeah and and to me when you have burden like that you know even if it's just knowing that there's like boxes in your basement of stuff you know whatever it might be it makes it hard to focus um and so i personally like i mean my ideal like if i had a my house for example would be to have like nothing on anything it just and and that to me is like peaceful some people find that to be not peaceful for me it's like i love the night to have the night the idea that if needed i could like pack up and move yeah and not worry about anything do i actually have that in reality no um we're about to have a baby you know there's but it's like it's our i already see it it's like stressful there's like boxes of stuff showing up at the house like bottles and clothes and all these little hats and whatnot and i do i do have to like sometimes go into my meditation to just just say like this is okay you know like it's it's okay to have all of this stuff it's not permanent you know and um but i do think that it's easy to get lost in it all and it's important to remember given all that like people who buy houses you know buy a home and buy a house and make a home out of it and you start a family it's easy to forget that even though you have all these responsibilities you're still free and like freedom takes work and it takes remembering it takes meditation on it but you're you're free you're you're born free you live free i mean depends of course which country but in the united states even with all the possessions even with all the burdens um sort of credit and owning money and all those kinds of things you can scale everything down and you're free but ultimately the people you love if you love each other it doesn't take much money to be happy together and for me i i personally value that freedom of having the freedom to always pursue your happiness as opposed to being burdened by material possessions that uh you know yeah that basically limit your ability to be happy because you're always paying off stuff you're always catching you know trying to match the neighbors that are always a little bit richer that kind of pursuit i think that pursuit is wonderful for innovation and for building cooler better things but on an individual level i think you have to remember that first of all life is finite and second of all like your goal is not to get a bigger house your goal is to be just content and happy right in the moment i completely completely agree with them you

  Top Comments:
  1. @DoctorHemi [22 likes]: Yeah, kids change everything.  Since I was a teen, I've always been a minimalist/conservationist at heart, but having babies/young-kids (and two working parents) makes being a wasteful, consumption machine practically a necessity.  I returned to minimalism once my kids got to be a little older, but it was literally depressing seeing all the waste (food, containers, diapers, wipes, lotions, powders, medicines, etc.) and having all the extra things in the house like car seats, strollers, cribs, play pens, bouncers, toys galore(!!!), blankets/sheets, diaper bags...not to mention the need for bigger cars and a bigger home for all that stuff...and then the bigger house is still cluttered and messy.
  2. @sliderfonia [8 likes]: You know it’s the real deal when the last name is also minimalistic
  3. @r1transformer [7 likes]: Lex, your internal has found balance with the external. Modern warrior monk.
  4. @sohello123 [3 likes]: Lex, this is my favorite thing that you've said on your podcast. Fantastic words of wisdom.
  5. @grantlawrence611 [2 likes]: Great wisdom from Lex
  6. @boazzippor1972 [2 likes]: excuse me? he doesnt want to have "things" because it will be "harder to walk away from everything"? like...run away? so things represent responsibility for him and he doesnt see that? what a waste of a "spiritual" journey.... oh well..
  7. @eaf888 [1 likes]: yea i want a school bus home/ graffiti artist painted it. legally change my name to a f name ... ill travel from place to place touring around via bus as its safe and "distanced" broadcast via starlink and do hard things because ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE!! would love to have an assistant one day 😅😅😎😎 if i have to get a billboard in Austin with me and the bus standing under it to get your attention I will. It will be documented and it will be a grand adventure! biggest love story ever
  8. @A180cc [1 likes]: Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Now you determine stupid.
  9. @theseproblemsmatter1 [1 likes]: Coyote: "The problem, Homer, is that the mind is always chattering away with a thousand thoughts at once. Clarity is the path to inner peace.

Homer Simpson :" Well, what should I do? Should I meditate? Should I get rid of all my possessions?

Coyote : [snorts]  Are you kidding? If anything, you should get more possessions. You don't even have a computer."
  10. @TheRiverweasel09: I have a car and a computer. Only thing i have left is a good workout setup. I see no need for more shit to fill my apartment up with
  11. @adelinaquijano1083: money can't buy happiness
  12. @eaf888: thanks! def minimalist!
  13. @greencarpetgrowing: What you own, ultimately owns you.
  14. @jumpingchulla: Almost all the stuff we buy ends up as trash eventually!   I think about that when I’m shopping.  However, enjoy it while it lasts…
What’s really strange is when people rent storage  space to keep the junk they shouldn’t have bought, or forgot to give away…
  15. @championsintraining4456: I love Lex, but coming from someone older with a wife and two teenage kids good luck fighting towards minimalism! It is my holy grail ;) 
Young guys are hilariously naive about some things.
  16. @lipingfeng: such a wise & inspiring conversation!  Thank you for sharing this.  
what most people don't realize is: being happy actually requires a mental-emotional focus and stability, much as a rosebud requires space-time to unfold its beauty.  when you have many things, your mind and heart get totally cluttered and scattered by all the things you possess.  where do you get the intense attention, the energy that's needed to enjoy the goodness of life?!  how is it possible for such a person to savor the rich flavors of "happiness?" 
I think of the problem as stoicism vs epicureanism. explore both in-depth, and you'll find the same underlying truth ...
  17. @ghdreeeghuygyuj455: Said the guys making 7 figures a year
  18. @citizendan6390: The middle path is best.
  19. @chrislew464: Has knowone realised capitalism is now minimalist you don't own you rent everything from a home to renting a song most products are single serve I own a hammer it's the first hammer I bought owning means no further payments after being bought to truly own something today is rare even a house you get taxed a car you get taxed taxation and ownership do not mix I believe in taxing income but if someone turns up and wants to tax my hammer I'll give up.
  20. @alexpacheco2031: Do do not have enough hands, to play with all these things

- Minimalism vs  Consumerism: The Benefits of Choosing a Simple Life: Kind: captions Language: en living in today's world means being constantly surrounded by a culture of consumerism where value is routinely assigned to how much we own how much money we spend how expensive our possessions are and oftentimes how much we show them off to others but there's another way to approach life one that offers freedom and meaning and satisfaction Beyond material wealth and it is called minimalism consumerism the Relentless pursuit of buying and owning more is a treadmill that never stops IT promises happiness around the next corner with the next purchase but the joy derived from a new purchase Fades quickly always leaving us longing for the next thing to buy this endless cycle of desire and disappointment leaves us with cluttered homes strained wallets and distracted Minds contrast this with minimalism an intentional decision to own less and live more when you choose minimalism you choose freedom freedom from debt freedom from clutter freedom from the passion to possess and freedom from the stress that comes with simply maintaining too many possessions minimalism frees up not just physical space but mental space as well allowing us to focus on what truly enriches Our Lives when the pursuit of material possessions is removed from our hearts we are free to discover a new and better way to live minimalism isn't about removing Joy but about making room for it it's about embracing gratitude for what we already have instead of seeking the next shiny object we take time to appreciate the blessings already present in our lives and we look for better ways to contribute to society by choosing minimalism we decouple our self-worth from our belongings we reject the narrative that equates happiness with material accumulation and in doing so we free ourselves to live for relationships development and contribution owning less is better than accumulating more minimalism allows us to reclaim our time our finances our spaces and our peace of mind but minimalism isn't solely about personal gain by stepping off the consumer treadmill we are better able to contribute to our communities and the world and the people around us free from the pressure to constantly acquire we find ourselves with more resources time money energy and focus to give to causes that truly matter remember minimalism is never a one-size-fits-all philosophy it's not about fitting your life into a prescribed box it's about making room for more more peace more experiences more growth more contentment more of what truly matters to you minimalism is the intentional promotion of our greatest values by removing anything that distracts us from them so consider this your invitation to step off the path of consumerism and begin your journey towards minimalism it's a choice to live a fuller more intentional life minimalism is about living more by owning less by choosing minimalism you're not just enriching your own life but you're making a conscious decision to contribute to the world around you doesn't that sound amazing if you found today's message meaningful kindly share like or comment it helps us tremendously and to stay connected with our weekly content be sure to subscribe your involvement and interaction truly makes a difference [Music] thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Star2ice [4 likes]: Thank you Joshua for being who you are and sharing your knowledge with us❤
  2. @laidadomingo5632 [4 likes]: I really liked seeing videos regarding minimalism.i have been practicing this in my life and it is such a great feeling with no clutter around.
  3. @OneAmericanWriter [1 likes]: Here’s a Christmas idea!
Not to replace Christmas gifts, but in addition give a minimalist treasure: something you love, but are giving up to have a more simple lifestyle. I’m going to try that next week at Christmas with my family!
  4. @thelifeexperiencer [1 likes]: Yeah, it sure is nice to be content with less, it really does free up mental spaces to allow mental clarity and optimization.
  5. @tanyawignall4550 [1 likes]: I have been truly inspired 
Since watching your channel, my life has totally changed 
I'm so much happier than before 
Getting up earlier, going to the gym 
Clearing out the clutter it's endless 
Returned to church regularly 
Thank you so much for all the inspiration  
It's appreciated x
  6. @arlenelim8333: I begin my day by listening to the song of Filipino singer Basil Valdez 'Lead me Lord' and then, your video. I listen to them repeatedly. You two get me anchored and steady for the rest of the day.
  7. @EmilyGloeggler7984: Honestly, both are unnecessary and have numerous serious problems with them. I’m grateful and glad to move on from both cults.
  8. @bansselmaeparaiso4498: I love this ❤
  9. @elizabetht1330: I love this video. And your videos are something we can all benefit from revisiting again and again…kind of like going to the gym- one must continue to go for its benefits. Same with this philosophy- it’s a disciplined practice. Thank you!🙏🏻
  10. @ikF3aV2m: 😸👍
  11. @BoookofPeace: Thank you so much for sharing Josh! This brought clarity to what I was already thinking!
  12. @SingwithGursimar: Amazing. I'm also trying to be a minimalist
  13. @OrdinaryLarrys: I walked away from working 60 to 90 hours a week to live easy life and no need to have eveerything. So happy to work 28 hours a week without debt or material things. Just simple and happy life and not stress.
  14. @ebentv687: Exactly my friend. Is funny how I feel happy with less. I can't understand, but I guess is how God made us . Most people got it all wrong with thinking more stuff will bring happiness
  15. @JKatherineDurham: I am listening to this while I am declaring my socks. I'm finally saying enough is enough. I'm getting rid of those long socks that go up to my knees. I hate them and I'm not a school girl anymore and haven't been for quite some time.
  16. @DaggerinVelvet: I have a question. Is living a minamalist lifestyle help with mental health? Im interested in living a minamalist lifestyle.
  17. @Epiphanykendell: This is the best video yet on this topic. Your delivery and breakdown 🙌🏾
  18. @clausm2203: Great video
  19. @irishbacolor6040: ❤❤❤❤
  20. @PadmaDorjee: You have the best hair of a man over 40 in the world, seriously!!

- Minimalism vs  Consumerism - Advanced (C1) ESL Listening: Kind: captions Language: en-IE Minimalism vs. Consumerism In today’s fast-paced world,&nbsp;&nbsp; two opposing lifestyles often come into focus:&nbsp; minimalism and consumerism. They represent not&nbsp;&nbsp; only different ways of living but also distinct&nbsp; attitudes toward happiness, success, and identity.&nbsp; Consumerism, which dominates much of modern&nbsp; society, is based on the idea that more is better.&nbsp;&nbsp; Advertisements, social media, and cultural&nbsp; expectations often persuade people that&nbsp;&nbsp; happiness lies in the next purchase—be it a&nbsp; new phone, fashionable clothes, or the latest&nbsp;&nbsp; car. Shopping malls are not just places to&nbsp; buy necessities; they are temples of desire,&nbsp;&nbsp; designed to stimulate impulse buying and create&nbsp; a sense of urgency. For many, owning more items&nbsp;&nbsp; provides a feeling of status and security,&nbsp; even if this satisfaction is often temporary.&nbsp; Minimalism, on the other hand, challenges this&nbsp; belief. Minimalists argue that true fulfillment&nbsp;&nbsp; comes not from accumulating possessions, but&nbsp; from reducing clutter and focusing on what&nbsp;&nbsp; really matters. By intentionally owning&nbsp; fewer things, minimalists seek clarity,&nbsp;&nbsp; freedom, and peace of mind. Their homes are&nbsp; not empty but carefully curated, with objects&nbsp;&nbsp; that bring genuine joy or serve a practical&nbsp; purpose. For them, time, relationships, and&nbsp;&nbsp; experiences are more valuable than material goods. The contrast between these two lifestyles raises&nbsp;&nbsp; important questions. Is consumerism simply a&nbsp; natural result of economic progress, or is it an&nbsp;&nbsp; unhealthy cycle of desire and dissatisfaction?&nbsp; Does minimalism represent a genuine path&nbsp;&nbsp; to happiness, or is it a privilege available&nbsp; only to those who can afford to reject excess?&nbsp; From a psychological perspective, minimalism is&nbsp; often linked with reduced stress, improved focus,&nbsp;&nbsp; and greater financial stability. People&nbsp; who adopt minimalist practices frequently&nbsp;&nbsp; report feeling less overwhelmed and more&nbsp; in control of their lives. Consumerism,&nbsp;&nbsp; however, is closely tied to debt, anxiety,&nbsp; and environmental harm, as constant production&nbsp;&nbsp; and waste take their toll on the planet. Yet, it is important to acknowledge the nuance.&nbsp;&nbsp; Consumerism is not inherently negative;&nbsp; buying goods and services fuels economies,&nbsp;&nbsp; creates jobs, and provides comfort. Likewise,&nbsp; minimalism is not about complete deprivation.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is about intentional living—choosing&nbsp; carefully rather than endlessly consuming.&nbsp; Ultimately, the debate between minimalism and&nbsp; consumerism is not about strict rules but about&nbsp;&nbsp; awareness. Both lifestyles invite individuals&nbsp; to ask: What do I really need to be happy?&nbsp;&nbsp; For some, joy may come from a simple&nbsp; home, a few meaningful possessions,&nbsp;&nbsp; and rich experiences. For others, it may come from&nbsp; embracing the abundance of modern life. Perhaps&nbsp;&nbsp; the wisest choice lies in balance—knowing&nbsp; when to consume and when to step back. I believe minimalism leads to greater&nbsp; happiness than consumerism because it&nbsp;&nbsp; helps people focus on what really matters.&nbsp; Consumerism constantly pushes us to want more,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the satisfaction of buying something&nbsp; new often disappears quickly. In contrast,&nbsp;&nbsp; minimalism creates a sense of peace.&nbsp; When people live with fewer possessions,&nbsp;&nbsp; they can concentrate on experiences,&nbsp; relationships, and personal growth.&nbsp; However, I don’t think consumerism is entirely&nbsp; negative. Buying things allows us to enjoy&nbsp;&nbsp; comfort, technology, and services that improve&nbsp; our lives. The problem comes when shopping&nbsp;&nbsp; becomes the main source of happiness. Minimalism&nbsp; reminds us that objects are not everything.&nbsp; In my opinion, the healthiest approach is&nbsp; balance. We should appreciate the benefits&nbsp;&nbsp; of consumer goods but avoid overconsumption.&nbsp; At the same time, we should learn to value&nbsp;&nbsp; simplicity and understand that happiness&nbsp; often comes from things money cannot buy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EnglishAudioStories-o5g [1 likes]: Minimalism vs. Consumerism 

In today’s fast-paced world, two opposing lifestyles often come into focus: minimalism and consumerism. They represent not only different ways of living but also distinct attitudes toward happiness, success, and identity.
Consumerism, which dominates much of modern society, is based on the idea that more is better. Advertisements, social media, and cultural expectations often persuade people that happiness lies in the next purchase—be it a new phone, fashionable clothes, or the latest car. Shopping malls are not just places to buy necessities; they are temples of desire, designed to stimulate impulse buying and create a sense of urgency. For many, owning more items provides a feeling of status and security, even if this satisfaction is often temporary.
Minimalism, on the other hand, challenges this belief. Minimalists argue that true fulfillment comes not from accumulating possessions, but from reducing clutter and focusing on what really matters. By intentionally owning fewer things, minimalists seek clarity, freedom, and peace of mind. Their homes are not empty but carefully curated, with objects that bring genuine joy or serve a practical purpose. For them, time, relationships, and experiences are more valuable than material goods.
The contrast between these two lifestyles raises important questions. Is consumerism simply a natural result of economic progress, or is it an unhealthy cycle of desire and dissatisfaction? Does minimalism represent a genuine path to happiness, or is it a privilege available only to those who can afford to reject excess?
From a psychological perspective, minimalism is often linked with reduced stress, improved focus, and greater financial stability. People who adopt minimalist practices frequently report feeling less overwhelmed and more in control of their lives. Consumerism, however, is closely tied to debt, anxiety, and environmental harm, as constant production and waste take their toll on the planet.
Yet, it is important to acknowledge the nuance. Consumerism is not inherently negative; buying goods and services fuels economies, creates jobs, and provides comfort. Likewise, minimalism is not about complete deprivation. It is about intentional living—choosing carefully rather than endlessly consuming.
Ultimately, the debate between minimalism and consumerism is not about strict rules but about awareness. Both lifestyles invite individuals to ask: What do I really need to be happy? For some, joy may come from a simple home, a few meaningful possessions, and rich experiences. For others, it may come from embracing the abundance of modern life. Perhaps the wisest choice lies in balance—knowing when to consume and when to step back.

 Comprehension Questions 

1.	What is consumerism mainly based on?
2.	How do advertisements and social media influence consumer behavior?
3.	What do minimalists believe brings true fulfillment?
4.	How do minimalists usually describe their homes?
5.	What questions does the contrast between consumerism and minimalism raise?
6.	From a psychological perspective, what are some benefits of minimalism?
7.	What are some negative effects linked to consumerism?
8.	Why is consumerism not considered entirely negative?
9.	What is minimalism not about, according to the passage?
10.	What is the central question that both lifestyles invite individuals to ask?

 Answers

1.	Consumerism is based on the idea that more possessions equal more happiness.
2.	They persuade people that happiness lies in the next purchase and create urgency to buy.
3.	True fulfillment comes from reducing clutter and focusing on what truly matters.
4.	Minimalists describe their homes as carefully curated with meaningful or practical objects.
5.	Whether consumerism is a natural result of progress or an unhealthy cycle, and whether minimalism is genuine happiness or a privilege.
6.	Reduced stress, improved focus, and greater financial stability.
7.	Debt, anxiety, and environmental harm.
8.	Because it fuels economies, creates jobs, and provides comfort.
9.	Minimalism is not about deprivation, but about intentional living.
10.	“What do I really need to be happy?”

 Discussion Questions 

1.	Do you think society today is more consumerist or minimalist? Why?
2.	How does social media affect the way people spend money?
3.	Would you consider yourself closer to a minimalist or consumerist lifestyle?
4.	What role do advertisements play in shaping our desires?
5.	Is minimalism possible for everyone, or is it a lifestyle of privilege?
6.	How can consumerism harm the environment?
7.	Can consumerism ever make people truly happy? Why or why not?
8.	Do you believe balance between the two lifestyles is the best option?
9.	What possessions are truly indispensable in your life?
10.	How would your life change if you gave up half of your belongings?

 Writing Task

Write a 200–250 word essay answering the question:
“Do you think minimalism leads to greater happiness than consumerism? Why or why not?”

 Example Essay

I believe minimalism leads to greater happiness than consumerism because it helps people focus on what really matters. Consumerism constantly pushes us to want more, but the satisfaction of buying something new often disappears quickly. In contrast, minimalism creates a sense of peace. When people live with fewer possessions, they can concentrate on experiences, relationships, and personal growth.
However, I don’t think consumerism is entirely negative. Buying things allows us to enjoy comfort, technology, and services that improve our lives. The problem comes when shopping becomes the main source of happiness. Minimalism reminds us that objects are not everything.
In my opinion, the healthiest approach is balance. We should appreciate the benefits of consumer goods but avoid overconsumption. At the same time, we should learn to value simplicity and understand that happiness often comes from things money cannot buy.

- Minimalism | Jimmy Carter's Speech on Consumerism: Kind: captions Language: en good evening it's clear that the true problems of our nation are much deeper deeper than gasoline lines or energy shortages deeper even than inflation or recession in a nation that was proud of hard work strong families close-knit communities too many of us now tend to worship self-indulgence and consumption human identity is no longer defined by what one does [Music] but by what one owns but we've discovered that owning things and consuming things does not satisfy our longing for meaning we've learned that piling up material goods cannot fill the emptiness of lives which have no confidence or purpose this is not a message of happiness or reassurance but it is the truth and it is a warning

  Top Comments:
  1. @AnneMcCueMusic [29 likes]: Best human who was ever President.
  2. @bigboyyyyyyy-b5z [14 likes]: So ahead of its time
  3. @grandmasterjayd1184 [8 likes]: The arrogant fools at the time didn’t listen, now look how overconsumption has ruined us.
  4. @faxriimanov3D [8 likes]: It was honest message and people decided to elect the man who tells better fairytales
  5. @Conn30Mtenor [7 likes]: The told the American people what they needed to hear and was scorned and derided for it.
  6. @dantohatan [7 likes]: How eerily prophetic of times to come.
  7. @HoneyBun-vk3yw [5 likes]: The trends today wouldnt even be possible to be here if it wasn't for these values we are just recycling old things over an over instead of going back to what gave us all this structure a united struggle for understanding n love n a changing world 🌎 🇺🇲✌️❤️‍🔥
  8. @METALMAN4Wii [4 likes]: Rip Jimmy an honest man.
  9. @vahi37 [4 likes]: Carter spoke the truth, but Americans wanted the ME, ME, ME era of Reagan.
  10. @Kflow1989 [3 likes]: He was so right. I was homeless twice and gotten 4 different apartments all in the span of 8 years and have moved from place to place mostly all of my life. I have had many things and have lost many things but the only thing I had in the end was myself. So now at 35 I live a minimalist lifestyle because too much stuff holds me back and is not truly needed. It never truly filled the void in me. Traveling and living life filled the void.
  11. @mesocorny4366 [2 likes]: I think the crisis we have now is different but related - we’re too cultural/emotional, jobs are not being filled even though plenty here who can fill them, TikTok an example of how we’re so much about me-me instead of what’s in it for all of us, there’s a place for symbols but we see much more tattoos than before - having many can mean one has mental difficulties - life is really about substance, our talk shows are now hosted by entertainers - we need to bring back the Donahue types and get down to productive discussions again w/ many present, the current state is unsustainable, there’s no sugar coating it - getting out of our mess & going fwd will require doing things that are inconvenient
  12. @laurenknicely9832 [2 likes]: can you imagine a politician speaking like this today... what a great loss we have
  13. @user-gt8ee8ib2e [2 likes]: Rip
  14. @bdsjr32 [2 likes]: He wasn't a great president in my opinion, but he is a fine human being, and someone who told the truth as he saw it.  I have never once thought of him in my whole life as being corrupt in any way.
  15. @mattbertolino [2 likes]: It looks and sounds like this clip came from a longer video or documentary? Can you drop a link to the full video?
  16. @jojouknow1 [1 likes]: SOURCE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8DGjUv-Vjc&t=4208s
  17. @daisy1441 [1 likes]: Thank you President Carter.  Rest in peace 💚🌎
  18. @thechlebek0: Rest in piece.
  19. @scotlanddays: We have not solved our problems. Somehow people believe that freedom means i can fill my house with useless crap and let the future generations pay for it with a horrible climate and poverty.
  20. @emmanuelodewale: I cant get the background music off my head. where can i get it please?

- So you think I'm cheap... | Consumerism vs. Minimalism [Vlogmas Day 8]: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] okay so somebody in the comments recognized not that we're trying to hide it but they kind of recognized how cheap we are because you know in the last video my mom was in whole foods and she was saying oh my god the asparagus is so expensive i buy it for so cheap it's so stupid and yeah i thought we could talk about this this is an interesting subject to talk about being cheap or i mean we make fun of ourselves all the time we call ourselves like cheap jew i know that can be like a bad thing but we just kind of make fun of it because we are cheap like extremely and you're a witness to that yeah but with good intentions behind it there's a very good reason why we're cheap and i thought we would talk about that in this holiday season because it's also a consumerism season yeah or it's been made to be like that so i used to spend a lot of money on many many things okay and expensive things when i was working when i met you and oh wait i realized our fireplace is frozen sorry about that guys i don't know why it glitched like that it's okay okay go ahead yeah and i learned how to be more careful uh with the way i was spending money because you know you influenced me you were very careful every time we would go out and do some shopping you would ask me do you really need this look this is very expensive you make me think more about you know i should really spend money on this all right so i learned a lot from that um but at the same time it's important i didn't i didn't lose that um sense of buying quality stuff because there is there is a difference between being cheap a cheap buyer versus a smart buyer cheap consumer is going for something cheap that it will last you like you don't want to spend so much for a product so you buy a product that will last you from here to i don't know christmas like in a month is already broken so that is being a cheap consumer yes i don't know i guess i mean i'm just cheap i don't know if i'm a smart consumer i'm just cheap and there's a good reason for that because i don't make a lot and you know i want to save money more than i spend money that's always my thing and i feel like we live in a very uh like everything in this society is encouraging people to buy more spend more you know and contribute to the economy and all of that yeah i don't know much about the economy but i just know that for myself for my own economic reasoning i i i try not to spend money on some thing that i don't need i think that money is like energy because to make money you have to give your energy you have to give your time you have to give a piece of you right and in return you get this this money and if you're just spending it here and there you know whether it's on things you just want or things you don't really need but you're going to get it anyway because you think you need it you're wasting you that energy and then you're gonna be depleted you're not gonna have enough when you really need something or really want something and then you might go into debt and then to pay off the debt you have to give so much more of yourself so much more of your energy and time and in the end you know that's why i guess they have retirement pension plans and stuff because you run yourself to a point where you can't give any more of yourself to get the things you know you need so it's really important for me it's always been important not to waste my energy on things i don't need for me it's um i don't know it's a bit different if i have to buy if i want to experience like a very good brand of tea for instance i will buy something that is quite expensive and and just enjoy that experience so i don't see really uh being cheap sometimes is like missing out of certain things in life i understand maybe i was a bit exaggerated before uh but i was really really spending a lot of money but now i feel like i can strike a balance but what i was more talking about when i said you know buying things you don't need is this whole idea that you know buying this and that is going to make you feel happy you know having this much clothing and this much jewelry and this much you know to the point where we become hoarders in our own homes but we don't know where to put our own stuff you know and you go out and you see something that speaks to you and your first instinct is oh i must take that home with me but yeah that's that's what i was more thinking about like the minimalist approach yeah that's why i don't like um surprise christmas presents because i'm so terrified of getting something from somebody who i know they spent money on and i'm like oh no they're so sweet for buying this but what do i do with it like i don't it's just gonna take up space in my in my little place and i don't want clutter and i don't want more stuff you know i just that's why i only want what i need you know yeah what i'm saying and i'm different again here because because for me is um um surprise is already in itself a moment of joy you know like i'm surprised with something and especially if if it's actually something that this present was felt by the person who is giving it to me and so the surprise is even more because there is something that you can feel through the present that it was felt uh and it was just a present you know just because okay it's christmas uh this person has to give me present and you know it's it's a duty almost right and you can kind of feel that there is an energy that the present that that box that contains the object holds and uh and you can feel it uh however you know the factor of surprise uh is exciting to me it's absolutely exciting and exciting so then in the end whatever is in the box i don't care really yeah so it's just about a surprise in the way yeah approach oh yeah so you don't really care if it's expensive i just don't care just the moment of opening the box knowing what's inside and maybe being surprised if that person in a way knew what i needed or knew what would make me happy to see or just was able to see in inside of me and see what you it's like you know when you go around sometimes it's not christmas time and you want to buy and you don't you don't want to buy presents for anybody but then you see something you say oh my god this would be so great to give it to this so-and-so person right and that is really the moment when people should buy presents and then make a surprise out of it because then it's going to be something you know and uh yeah or you can make something or make absolutely i'm not saying that they have to buy it even making it is even more uh there is more into it you know when it's handcrafted yeah yeah i just find like this whole thing of having so much stuff that you don't know what to do with it and it's running your life i've i really don't i let go of that long time ago where i mean i will wear a pair of pajama pants until it's ripped apart and then i'll be like oh i need a new pair now and then i'll go and purchase something like same thing with you know all my stuff really yeah i'll use it until it's it's absolutely dead there's a pair of uggs i've been using since i was 15. and they're still kind of alive so i'm holding on to them but that's like a 10 year old pair of bugs okay heavily used so um for me i don't need to reach the you know the hole at the bottom or some kind of rip but i take pride in for like that's my pride that's my mark for me it's like i'm done with something i'm done with something and it belongs to the and usually when i travel i always leave something i'm done with behind this is my pet peeve it's horrible like we were can i say we were on maui and you left your crocs which you've been wearing every single day every it's the most useful thing you own and now a couple of years later you're like should i buy uggs but i was done with those hugs i had to leave something no sorry cr crocs crocs so you had the cross yeah crocs i was done with all those crops so much and i needed to leave them behind it was done i was done with them then i buy new ones and i will start a new life for me objects start taking a life of their own you know and i don't know i attached some meanings i don't know what it is i they hold the spirit inside right and i left a pair of amazing uh leather boots uh behind in utah when i was uh filming a documentary yes um but they were i mean they were old according to me the i mean if you look at them they were in a good shape but i was done i was totally done i didn't know about it i'm gonna leave them behind it's not the only yeah i want you to think about like this way if you spend like let's say you go to a store one day and you spend 20 and you're like oh wow this thing is so cheap it was only 20 and you spend that 20 and the next day you spend 20 on something else you know and this is like besides food and everything because food is an essential the only essential you have to spend money on and also rent but anyway the non-essential spending okay 20 a day what happens in one month twenty times thirty that's six hundred dollars six hundred dollars a month on just non-essential crap that will you really use it or did you just buy it because it was on sale you know like that's um my pet peeve is that that 600 could have been put aside for a rainy day i'm kind of like a squirrel with money like if i have it i hide it um but that's that's just my way of doing things and yeah it works for me because when i need it i have it and then i can use it for something that i really need oh this is an interesting question if you were ever really rich like rich enough that you don't have to think about money how would you be would you be the same or would you be different um well i know for sure that i wanna keep very minimalist i don't wanna hoard too much my place with stuff i don't need uh but for sure i would always always everything if i had to go out and buy something some items uh not too many like not too many items like wardrobe clothing stuff like that i would for sure go for the most expensive things if i had to buy a sweater i would go for the most expensive one uh just for the brand or for the no for the brand for the quality okay so like real wool exactly i want to have something that is water and not so many like i would just wear them until they i mean until i'm done with them i cannot say until they're where are we going until they're until i'm done with them and it can be a long time because i can hold uh on two items in a very like dear way don't worry when you're done with them i'll take it over okay yeah that's right we i always inherit sometimes we exchange because you know i'm done with something she's done with something we oh i'm gonna wear that so how about you if i was rich enough that i don't have to think about anything i think i would still be like you minimalist because i don't want to be surrounded by so much clutter i just see it as clutter i don't see the stuff anymore i see this clutter you know i want to be minimalist just the things i need i would definitely feel really comfortable buying the good quality stuff like you said like even now i i never buy polyester stuff anymore only cotton but yeah that would be nice to have that the freedom to like also buy the wool stuff and but the one thing i would is i think i would spend a lot of money on where i'm living like real estate well that's about it you know tell us your thoughts about money spending money saving money and christmas just share with us like what your philosophy is around that whole topic and we'll see you tomorrow bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @kjwarren7060 [3 likes]: I wonder if, don't get caught up in the pressures of holiday gift giving.  
One thing P. said I find myself doing is,  something really strikes me as a surprise I would like to give to someone, I will purchase it for them.  I don't feel we need special days to share or express joy with another.  I was taught to never expect and always be grateful.  I have to agree with P. in it's nice to be surprised occasionally.  Sadie if, I may ask for clarification please?  Do you purchase quality product or the cheapest similar product always first?  Thanks for bringing up a controversial topic!
  2. @freyni100 [3 likes]: Cheap? Surely it must cost a lot to go travelling as often as you have and to live in a Canadian city.
  3. @calimagfeli3219 [3 likes]: Atleast you are honest person to the viewers i really appreciate it..
  4. @NatalieLouise1234 [3 likes]: What do you both do to earn an income? Not being nasty but there can't be a lot of money coming from these videos, 100 Canadian dollars a month at best, I'm really interested how you both afford to travel? What does P do also?
  5. @SensualWhirl [3 likes]: Perhaps it’s just that you have different philosophies on leaving an impact on the world. Objects have more of a sentimental value to P,  and it’s as if by leaving her shoes behind, she’s putting a mark on that special place in some way. I get the impression that you, Sadie, would rather not leave your mark. I feel the same way — I don’t have or want children, and when I’m gone it’s not important to me that I’m remembered. I’ve always felt like that, but I know that’s not (for want of a better word) ‘normal’. I don’t think your philosophies are competing, as you seem to mostly agree and compromise.
  6. @vlop1987 [2 likes]: "It's the thought that counts"......even if you get rid of the gift later on, let's be grateful that someone thought of us.
  7. @silkygirlable [2 likes]: I feel like you guys are forcing yourself to be together. I think P is better off without Sadie. Im sorry. Her energy is saying she is tired of it....
  8. @leopoldinatorloni5602 [2 likes]: I am following you!!!   Great discussion..... keep on going...
  9. @avavalle8397 [2 likes]: Yeah I go for Sadie, only those things I needed,coz money is hard to earned ❤💚🧡
  10. @christinevertudazo2058 [2 likes]: Yeah having a surprise present or anything that you want to give to someone you love is exciting  and then you see the priceless reaction then ,
Surprises is not only material thing it could be anything thats make you or your love one's happy.
  11. @winstonmiller9740 [2 likes]: How dare people judge you on what you buy and how cheap it is it's has absolutely got nothing to do with them I'm gobsmacked that some people would even think of saying that let alone saying it 🤔
  12. @hadasl69 [1 likes]: Hello Sadie and P
This was the first movie I watched in your channel. With no introduction, no touching and no relationship taking, I was not sure what I'm watching.  So I had to watch one more, and another one... and then I was hooked. In the last weeks I'I've watched  every sigle piece in your channel.
Thank you for invite me to your life and allow me following your journey.
Take care, H.
  13. @igbetarcecilia1342 [1 likes]: You're not cheap, you're aware of what you want and go for it, that's my opinion.
  14. @saranb9720 [1 likes]: Thank you for your videos.  You've  made me think of going  minimalist.
  15. @mariekringsjaa [1 likes]: I don't spend a lot of money, but I have so much stuff and clutter because I take what everyone else wants to get rid of, because I don't want them to throw it away..
  16. @Egyptianslang539 [1 likes]: yah i used to spend a lot of money like P does but after the pendamic i don have a lot of money and i started to appreciate money more than i used to do so i like the idea of being a smart buyer even thogh i have a lot of stuff that i don need ooh god my house full of clutter i can not breathe it is really annoying
  17. @AHummingbird [1 likes]: Very good sharing Sadie and P love it
  18. @sallyroddy6566: i think you''ve both got a good healthy attitude to money and are doing what is right for you.  It is not easy in a consumerist society to resist and say enough!  Knowing we are being manipulated is good. So many people complain about having no space but still keep buying which is ridiculous and can lead to mental health issues.  It can even become an addiction; filling an emotional gap.  love and light
  19. @magdulia1: Age ! It won’t get any better.  Enjoy the time with each other, all that matters.
  20. @koykoy3634: Hii Love you 😍😍
เห็นเพื่อนถูกใจหัวใจด้วยค่ะ😢💔

- 16 Minutes of the Most MANIPULATIVE Sales Advice I’ve EVER Seen #reaction: Kind: captions Language: en All of the content in today's video came from the content reaction form linked in the description of every single one of my videos. Let's go ahead and get right into the first Tik Tok. The next 90 seconds, I'm going to tell you exactly how to start handling objections in a way that doesn't feel pushy so you can start closing more clients and actually scaling your coaching business. Hey, you ready for the secret? When a prospect feels pushed into a sale, it's not because of what you're saying, it's because of how you're saying it. Let me give you an example. I'm gonna let her finish, but I don't know if I agree with that. Sometimes you just feel like you're being pushed into a sale because you are being pushed into a sale regardless of how they're saying it. But I'll let her finish. Yeah. I mean, you could talk to your husband or you could just sign up now and then just celebrate with him tonight. I mean, don't you think that he's going to be happy for you that you're finally getting this problem solved? Yeah, of course. I mean, I want you to feel so comfortable. And so, if you feel like you need to talk with him, you can totally do that. Or you could go home tonight. You could make his favorite dinner. get a bottle of wine and celebrate the fact that you're finally getting the coaching you need. I mean, don't you think he's going to be so happy for you? So, she basically just said the exact same thing, just one is like a nicer delivery, but still equally as manipulative allegedly in my opinion. You see how I said the same thing in two very different ways and the way you felt about it was completely different. I didn't feel completely different. I don't know about you guys. Let me know if your prospects are feeling pushed. It's not about the things that you're saying, but how you're delivering them. You have to be super aware of your tone, especially when it comes to handling objections. My number one recommendation is to have a lot of fun. The more fun you have with your prospects during handling objections, the more likely you're going to get them in. Okay, a few thoughts to unpack here. This is one that comes up very often, this idea of like overcoming the objection of needing to ask your partner. And I think what a lot of these coaches fail to acknowledge, at least from the content I've seen, and I actually think there's another video we're going to react to that it touches on this as well. Please share your experience in the comments, but I'm in a partnership with my partner, right? So, if I'm going to make a big purchase, presumably this coach is probably selling something that's a couple thousand dollars at least. If I'm making a purchase in my life, regardless of whether it's coaching or I want to buy something or I want to go on a trip or whatever, I'm going to consult my partner. I'm not specifically seeking his permission to say like, "Yes, you can spend your money on that thing." But there is a need for open dialogue when you're in a relationship with someone, particularly if you live with them, to be transparent about your finances and what you're doing with them. And so I understand that that's not specifically what this video was addressing, but I just think a lot of the times people have that objection because they genuinely need to discuss it with their partner and you pressuring them to make the decision without honoring that partnership to me just feels kind of icky. Also, one other thing worth noting that I don't know why I didn't mention here is that I would argue that 99% of the time that people use the I have to ask my husband excuse, it's because they literally just don't want to buy it, but they don't want to be the one to say, "Hey, I'm not interested." So, they sort of like pass the buck off to their husband. And so, someone in the comments actually wrote, "If anyone told me option one or two, I would know that I'm being manipulated and I would never go to that coach." And I could not agree more with that comment. I also find it funny that this person in the caption wrote, "Afraid of being perceived as pushy on your sales calls. Here's how to shift and start closing more deals." And to me, both example one and two came across as pushy. And so, I don't really see how she thinks that option two doesn't come across that way at all. I don't know. But again, if you felt different, please let me know. Next up, we have a fitness coach that we have seen on the channel before. So, my fitness bros that are watching, you're going to know this guy's voice instantly. Never ever give your prices away in the DM. If you do, then they're going to make their decision based on price instead of on the value of your program. Say this instead. Well, it really just depends on what you need. Think of me like a doctor. If you went to the doctor's office, they wouldn't prescribe you something before knowing what's wrong with you. Well, can you give me a range? Yeah, we have anything from free all the way up to $200,000 a month. $200,000 a month? What are you giving away? That's crazy. And that's exactly why we do a call. Once you get to the call, you can handle it then. Okay. Caption then reads, "If telling prospects the price in the DMs worked, I would tell you to do it. Trust me when I say it doesn't work, and that's why you need to stop. Instead, let them know that you have various programs and prices and a call is the best way to figure out the next move. If someone won't get on a free call, they certainly won't pay you a large sum of money unless they are a sophisticated buyer like myself. Please let me know in the comments section your best objection to handle someone asking for the price. Hi. Okay, as I have stated endlessly on this channel at this point, in my opinion, not stating a price upfront is just a classic sales tactic that is relying on psychological pressure. And listen, I'm a service provider. I cater and quote projects specific to every single client. And sometimes that requires us getting on a call and discussing what the client needs in order for me to do my little calculations to figure out how much money I need to charge them. However, when a client reaches out to me, they are usually requesting specific deliverables that I could generally ballpark what the cost is going to be. The reason why I think people like this don't want to disclose the price until they're on a sales call with you is not because the price is actually customized. It's because they want to be able to control the environment that you're in when you hear the price. Because typically what happens is you get on a sales call and you spend whatever it is 15, 20, 30 minutes, sometimes even up to an hour chatting back and forth with this salesperson discussing your pain points, discussing the problem that you're facing and most likely discussing, you know, your dream outcome that you're hoping to achieve by working with this person. And so basically they structure it that way so that you are so emotionally invested in being able to achieve that outcome that it is so much harder for you to be able to say no to the price when they do finally reveal it to you. And so I think the reason why coaches like this encourage this amongst their clients to use is because it removes the like target individual's ability to make a rational and informed decision, but also it pressures that person to respond to the offer in the moment. Because how many times, and again, please share your experience in the comments. How many times have we heard a story of someone being on a sales call and being told if you sign up by the end of this call, you're going to save $500 or $1,000 or whatever. They create some sort of like false incentive for you to rush yourself into the decision. And so to me, the only reason someone would be encouraging this in this context is because they are trying to manipulate you into buying, but disguise it as this like sense of empowerment because you're finally going to be able to achieve your dream life. Disgusting. I don't like it. Okay, this one isn't totally related to sales. I just thought it was funny and I didn't really have anywhere else to put it, so I will read the text out for you. If nobody thinks you're a scam artist, you're under earning. If nobody thinks you're a cult leader, you've accessed onetenth of your available charisma. If nobody thinks you're crazy, you're trapped in the matrix and doing life on hard mode. If nobody thinks you're the actual worst, be real. you're having bad. I really just wanted to include this because this particular coach, in my opinion, is notorious for being like the poster child of I'm not like other coaches. And so, a lot of their content is around like calling out the coaching industry, but then at the same time, they're like perpetuating the bad behavior of the coaching industry. And I thought this was kind of an example of that because she's poking fun at the idea of like being a cult leader or receiving criticism for what she's doing and basically just saying if you're not receiving criticism then you're actually not successful. And I don't know, crazy idea, but maybe sometimes when we receive criticism, we should actually pause and reflect on what people are saying, especially if it's something we're hearing a lot. Um, and think about how we can apply it to our behavior and maybe make some changes. But anyway, I digress. Back to the sales content. This is the kind of marketing that makes me buy so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] quickly. I will buy like that. I will spend five figures like that. I've invested over $300,000 into mentorship and I buy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like this. This is the kind of marketing that makes me buy. That kind of marketing. Painpoint marketing. I know you're probably like, "What the fuck?" Cuz you see all over the internet that painoint marketing is bad and that sales is bad when you're talking about pain points and you're going to call in low-level and not empowered people, blah blah blah blah. I'm going to tell you something, okay? I'm a woman that's really aware of where my shortcomings are. If you remind me of my pain, I'm not going to feel targeted. I'm not going to feel insecure. I'm going to actually feel, damn, she's powerful enough to actually call me out on that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] She is in her power enough to be honest with me about where I'm at and she's not going to cuddle me and enable me and just tell me how great it's going to be. I already know how great it's going to be. I already know how great it actually is. And I don't feel threatened when you call me out on my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay? I will not give money to people and I will not invest in things where you just enable me and tell me like imagine how good you're gonna feel. Like I already know how good I'm gonna feel. Let me know that you understand me. Okay. I think for me and the reason why I wanted to include this in this video is that I don't totally disagree with the idea that painoint marketing can be effective. I think there's an issue with how a lot of coaches use painpoint marketing, but I just think that her particular perspective seems really black and white and it's missing a little bit of the nuance. For those of you that aren't familiar, painoint marketing is essentially a type of marketing that people will use to sell their services. And this isn't specific to the coaching industry. It's like any kind of product or service. Basically drawing attention to some sort of struggle that you're facing. So often in coaching, it might be like, "Are you not getting any clients?" Or, "Are you sick of not making a gajillion dollars?" And it works because obviously if you are someone that's struggling with that thing, you're going to feel seen, you're going to feel heard, which is one of the key principles of effective marketing. And so then the idea behind painoint marketing is I help you to acknowledge whatever that struggle is that you're facing and then I position myself as the like perfect solution to help you solve that problem. Now, what I think we see in coaching specifically is that this type of marketing gets overused like an unbelievable amount. And so, what it actually ends up doing is it attracts people that are typically in a state of desperation or extreme vulnerability who are seeking reprieve from their suffering. And then because of this, it positions the coach or the mentor as sort of this savior that is going to help them, you know, alleviate that suffering. And so it creates this sort of power imbalance in my opinion. And so for me personally, what I prefer to use or would recommend for people to use is something more along the lines of transformational marketing. And so what transformational marketing does in contrast is it focuses more on the possibility and less on the pain and the shame. And so instead of saying something like, "Are you tired of never getting any clients because you're a big loser?" You would say something like, "Imagine you had the right support to be able to build the systems to attract clients effortlessly or whatever the pitch is." And so the idea is that this type of marketing would inspire people versus make them feel shame or really lean into those not so great feelings where they're making a decision out of desperation. And so I don't know if that makes sense in the context of what she was saying in this video, but for me it's just painpoint marketing feels very 2016. And I think we've kind of moved past a point where we want to walk around like making people feel really shitty and buying from us because we promise that we can fix their shitty feelings. Like I would want clients to feel excited about working with me because we're going to build something cool together, not because they like feel shame and embarrassment and want to fix those feelings. like go to therapy. Okay, I have one more and this one leans into the original conversation we had about like having to speak to your spouse. So, here's what another sales coach has to say about that. I need to speak to my spouse. I need to speak to my wife, my husband, my partner. If someone that you're getting on a sales call with needs to consult with someone else or needs to get permission to buy something, the first thing you have to identify about this sort of objection is that it's more of an empowerment issue. Disagree. Hard disagree on that. I don't think it has anything to do with empowerment so much as it does with mutual respect. But again, I'll let her finish. Essentially, when someone's telling you that they need to consult with someone else, it's telling you that their power lives in the hands of that person. I think it's also important to note, and again, please chime in in the comments if you've done this, but I've definitely used the excuse of, "Oh, I need to talk to my boyfriend just to get out of the sales call." Like, I don't need to talk to nobody. I just don't want to talk to you. So, I'm going to make up an excuse, and that excuse is I have to go ask my husband. They lack a decision-making skill. And what that really says is that this person doesn't want to take responsibility for the decision that they need to make for themselves. So, one of the things I love to ask people is, "Okay, sure. You want to consult with your partner? What happens if your partner says no?" More often than not, this person will say like, "No, they wouldn't say no to that." And I would just follow up with another question by saying, "So, you think that they would support you making this decision for yourself? Is that what you're saying?" And just by positioning it like that in front of them, it gives them a chance to recognize that their partner would support this decision. So, they don't need that person's permission to make the decision on the call. There's a lot of different angles I could have gone with this, but I wanted to explain how this sort of objection is more so dealing with this person putting the power of making a decision in someone else's hand. And your goal is to empower this person to make an informed decision with you on the call that's going to make them feel great and ultimately get them the result they're looking for. Aka put money in your bank account by convincing them that it's the right decision for them. I don't know. Again, feels manipulative to try and mask or disguise this as empowerment when really you just don't want to risk the person getting off the call, consulting with their partner, the partner maybe saying something that's not in your favor, and then them not ultimately buying. Like, I remember watching a webinar. I might have shared this story before. I watched a webinar on how to launch your own online course. This was back in 2017, maybe. long before I ever realized like the manipulation that was happening here. And I watched this webinar and I remember feeling so excited. This woman had convinced me that I was going to launch an online course and I was going to make so much money. I didn't even have a business at this point. I didn't have anything. I hadn't even started my like online journey, but I was convinced that I was going to make an online course and make a ton of money. And I was this close to signing up. They had the little countdown timer. I didn't realize they were fake at the time. I was falling for the bit 100%. And then I went into the living room and my boyfriend was there and my brother was there and I asked them or I was telling them rather, "Oh my god, guys, this is the coolest opportunity. I'm going to make so much money. I'm going to buy this course. I'm going to learn how to make my own course. It's going to be great." And they were basically just like, "Yo, don't do it. That person's lying. It's a scam." And then I had to pause and I had to reflect. And I wasn't asking for permission. I was just telling them I was going to buy this thing. But even their feedback there allowed me the perspective that I needed to realize like, hm, maybe this isn't worth the thousand price tag. And so, I didn't end up buying that online course to create my own online course. But I think that when people like this and like the first woman that we watched are discouraging you from seeking external feedback, it is not an empowerment issue. It is them not wanting to risk somebody giving you feedback that is not going to work out in their favor. But please let me know what you think in the comments. If you have content you want me to react to here on the channel, you can submit it to the form link down below. Shout out to our channel VIP members as well as those of you in the billionaire tier. Thank you so much. Be sure to like, comment, share, subscribe, and I will see you in my next video. Bye-bye. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @SteMegManzaroli [7 likes]: It’s not about asking permission, it’s mutual respect but also it’s useful for me to think about pros and cons with someone who isn’t making money on this!
  2. @GerryKnackman [3 likes]: Valuable information and products do not need a hard sell.  When is the last time you got a cold call or a pushy sales pitch about an iphone, never because lots of people think they are great and buy them.  Products with low value need to be sold hard, which is why fitness, get rich quick, coaching programs and "nutritional" supplements have hard sells around them. Great video as always!
  3. @kbird6208 [2 likes]: If anyone tried to argue with me on a sales call I'd tell them I have to check with my cat and when they get confused I'd double down until they decided I'm crazy and don't want to deal with me
  4. @AcappellaTidbits [2 likes]: "fail to acknowledge" assumes that the coach isn't knowingly just being pushy, they literally do know that husbands and wives discuss finances together a they likely talk with THEIR spouse they're just hoping that you'll be insecure enough to just cave in anyway. Some of this coach stuff IS people who don't realize how manipulative they're being but too many times they're just being manipulative people who love money.
  5. @clarinetninja [1 likes]: I have watched a couple of your videos the past couple of days. Enjoyed them. As a person who has paid a coach for "sales training". It felt disgusting to me to be taught how to manipulate other people the way that I had been manipulated in buying from them. I am currently working very hard to find a place where I can sell my program without being slimy while doing it. It's a tough thing, I see sales tactics as something that is sad and weak. I feel embarrassed for them when somebody tries to sell to me that way. I know they are lying. I know they are trying to manipulate me. It's difficult to speak to somebody I have that little respect for. I want to respect myself in my sales - it's proving to be a challenging road!
  6. @rebelbelle1388 [1 likes]: Here's a way to handle objections, pushy sales people: walk away. NO is a complete sentence.
  7. @crystolerin [1 likes]: I once had a coach ask on the initial “application” before the sales call about anyone else i would need to consult with before making a decision. They were anticipating that objection. Because true action takers would be ready to go 😂
  8. @vieveclaire [1 likes]: Oh gosh, reminds me of a situation I faced. She had me say on a scale of 1-10 how much do I want X, and repeated that language, then hit me with the price and I felt so crappy for backing out. Now she just gives me the ick and I feel bad for other women buying in 😖
  9. @malcombowser4335 [1 likes]: Not going to lie. Lo is scary good. I followed her on IG just t watch her and I was like whoa. But if I literally don’t have the money for this no amount of “human psychology” is going to change that
  10. @JackieUnfilteredASMR [1 likes]: 😮😮😮enjoy your weekend everyone 🎉
  11. @loriroemer1122 [1 likes]: The woman in the blue romper...was that "dancing"?
  12. @tierneydias3428: Is anyone familiar with Kathleen Cameron from Diamond Academy.  Is this an MLM scheme ..she was a registered nurse in ontario then bought a course from Bob Proctor. She redesigned her own version . Launched itvand pairs you up with a manifestation mentor!
  13. @glamper-jan: I hate sales people.
  14. @Financiallyfreeauthor: And yes, sales coaches are aware that a lot of times people say that they need to consult with their spouse or someone else just to get off the call when they have trouble with holding a boundary and saying no. And the sales coaches will teach you that there’s no such thing as a money objection and that you just keep pushing them and they will teach you tactics like thisto deal with what the real objection is underneath
  15. @Financiallyfreeauthor: I’ll spend the money if I believe that the thing is going to actually solve my problem. But after being in the online entrepreneur world for a few few years, you start realizing there’s a lot of people promising that they can solve your problem and it’s not going to work. So they’re pushing you and pushing you and pushing you like this is the one thing that you need and you’ll finally get to where you want to be in your business. It’s just very rarely true very rarely worth the money. I can’t say that it never is but like at this point you have to really convince me that there is proof and guarantee that this is going to get me where I want to be if I’m gonna put down money. And yeah, I think it’s extremely slimy to handle objections at all. If somebody is not enthusiastically saying yes it has because you have not shown them that what you offer is worth it. So you work on that part
  16. @LiaanaKuolmi: My husband is the cook in our household. If anyone thinks they can manipulate me by assuming traditional toxic gender roles (by toxic, I mean the trope of wives hiding a big financial transaction from their spouse/partner and then trying to placate them w food), they have immediately clinched NOT making the sale. Ew and ugh.
  17. @AngieAngieAngie81: Umm...so, get him drunk???
  18. @maxwellanderson007: Cool
  19. @ProudSoldiersMama: You CANNOT get manipulated unless you ALLOW yourself to be manipulated. PERIOD.
  20. @MadisonPaige: I feel like you have to not “care” whether they buy or not. Or more accurately let them feel they can choose you or not. If you haven’t built value and made a connection then that’s where you’re failing. At the end of the day sales is sales. Nobody gets 100% closed.

- My Rant On Manipulative Marketing: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is christopher dave mitchell i'm a coach and today is going to be a rant against manipulative modern marketing so i don't normally do rants i like to put out positivity and but i think what's more valuable to you than just me being positive all the time is me being real and the fact is i've got something to say about the situation that i find that modern marketing is in whether it's marketing for sort of for coaches self-help business courses you know i'm in this world and i had to learn about it and it was an unfortunate moment where i learned about what's actually going on here so i'm going to be covering um an event i went to success resources in london the clubhouse app and just my experience of what's really going on with marketing so that if you're a customer of marketing which we all are i suppose you can see the signs of it more and if you're a marketer yourself you know you you you're selling something i want to cover at the end how i think you can do this in the wrong way which is manipulation and the right way so let's get straight into it the problem with marketing at the moment mostly now this is not all people i'd say 80 percent fall into this trap of manipulative marketing marketing to your fears marketing to fears of you missing out fears of you not being enough fears of you not being successful fears of you not being recognized fears of you not making enough money fears of you not making enough contribution it goes back to maslow's hierarchy of needs that we're talking about marketers know this a lot of the manipulative marketing is sneaky and subtle but it's always praying to your base fears and that's the issue i've got with marketing for a start but the bigger issue i see going on at the moment other than that is the issue of perceived value so here's the story on marketing you want to make a million pounds as a as a as a new business owner write the book called how to make a million pounds and the byproduct of that is you will sell the perceived dream um and then you will end up probably being quite rich from that even if you haven't done it yourself this is the problem with marketing is you want to be rich write a book on how to be rich you want to be a fully booked coach write the book or do the course on how to be a fully book coach but the thing is this is all an illusion this is all perceived value most of these people when you look into it have not done anything that's the crazy thing i mean i was on the clubhouse app the other day and everyone's saying they're a six-figure business coach and a seven-figure coach and an eight figure then a nine figure and then you actually look into these people and they've got like 112 youtube subscribers and it's all just a facade it's all an illusion and the big problem with the business and marketing world is it isn't really regulated like anyone can put up an instagram and say i'm making 20k a month or i'm the seven figure coach or i'm the nine-figure entrepreneur like we desperately need to regulate the marketing system at the moment it's an absolute mess and what happens is people get more and more desperate people are doing fake it till you make it people are heightening this perceived illusion of how they're doing of how successful they are as a coach as a business person as an entrepreneur and all there is is just a big success illusion because the people who are buying from these people are just buying into the illusion that they're making seven figures a month or seven figures a year or whatever but most of the time it's not true most of these people on the clubhouse app who say that they're an eight-figure coach or a seven-figure coach they're not they're really not guys honestly this is all a perceived illusion of value to get you to buy their stuff you know like we say the best example is if if they actually want to be a fully booked coach they they're not doing a lot of these coaches the hard work to actually do that all they're doing is saying they're a fully book coach and putting out the how to be a six figure coach in six weeks ebook or online course when they've never done it themselves but the problem is it's easier to do because it's easy unfortunately to manipulate the masses manipulate with those base uh level of needs those hierarchy of needs it's easy like it's it's so easy if you wanted to just manipulate people and get them to buy your stuff your products your services based on fear and based on a perceived illusion because marketing is an unregulated system but i really hope we regulate it more soon but that's what's going on just know that 80 of people who are saying they're making this money say that they're doing all this stuff you know it's just not true and i really applaud uh youtube channels like coffeezilla like mike winit who have just been calling out all these these these fake people who are just making all these claims i think like there's a really good uh video where someone was on the clubhouse app and they're around uh certain individuals who were claiming that were making eight figures and nine figures and they started all this business and you just just do bit of research it's just not true like and this guy i'll put the link in the description actually i think it was a coffeezilla and they were just saying what i thought of like these guys are just all making this stuff up and like the way that you know like you look around i checked like 10 people on uh clubhouse app who all said that they were like a fully booked coach that coached 10 000 people and this that any other and then you look at them up and then on youtube they've got like 112 subscribers like it's ridiculous like this is all a perceived value game it's the thing that they can manipulate the masses into thinking that they're making the people think that they're doing so well so you buy their stuff so you can be like them so do you know what i mean it's like a pyramid scheme of illusion if you think that they're a seven-figure business coach because they say it in their bio and they've got a few fake photos probably running around or fake testimonials then you buy into that illusion and then you do their course and you'll pay 10 grand for their mastermind or whatever then um they'll probably teach you in that course the same course of like how to be a seven figure coach so you've not done the work say you go along you do this coaching course on how to be a seven-figure business coach then you haven't even done any coaching and then you sell the next course on how to be a seven-figure business coach to other people who believe that you've already done it you know it's it's just ridiculous what's going on at the moment it needs to be regulated it needs to be sorted but that's what's going on on a deep level at the moment i see it so much and like i say it's not all the people i want to give some great examples of ways and solutions to get around this marketing issue and who i look up to in the marketing world because i'm i'm still a marketer i'm still doing stuff in the marketing world i'm still selling you know services and courses but god forbid it has been a challenge because once you see what other people are doing and once there's the the scripted webinars and once there's the templates of how to make a sale and things you should say and you know i mean it's the unfortunate truth is it's ridiculously easy to manipulate people into thinking into buying into this perceived illusion and it's an easier path to go down as in if you keep up this perceived value illusion and you manipulate people into buying your products and services you will make money so it's a harder road to go down to say right i've got integrity as a person i am not going to oversell something here i am going to be truthful i am going to be honest i am going to be kind i'm going to go down the right road of marketing stuff i'm not going to manipulate people i'm not going to do countdown timers i'm going to go down the authentic real road and provide a valuable service to someone that's harder to sell because everyone wants a quick fix so if i blind tested these which i haven't but i would be 99 sure that if i said how to become a six-figure business coach in six weeks i would sell a lot more because people want to buy into that illusion and they want a quick fix and they're lazy and they don't want to work hard versus this is going to take a while guys to get up and running but i want to help you you know become a coach or turn your life around or overcome adversity or change your singing voice which is what i used to do but it's not going to be easy it's not a quick fix you know that doesn't sell as well generally it does to the right people though that's the thing um but that doesn't sell as well like i've had to sacrifice making money for my integrity because i don't want to sell out and do the wrong thing i don't want to be like these i mentioned in success resources who are praying on fears they're manipulating when you look them up they haven't done anything themselves like you can look me up please do look up my 70 reviews on my facebook page you know talk to boy george i coached him for three years you know talk to my people who i've put through a coaching program where i mentored people i'm still in touch with them all i give them a full money back guarantee after completing the whole thing you know no one wanted their money back everyone's doing well but i didn't manipulate i didn't lie but i didn't get as many people because you know if i wanted to get more people as a coach once i coached boy george i could have put out an online course of how to coach a celebrity that would have sold great but the fact is i know from integrity that i can't coach someone necessarily on that and i can't promise that when you're a marketer you've got these two options you can either manipulate people pretend like you're making six figures a month or whatever and keep up this illusion and you can hang around with your other highly influential friends and you can share email lists i mean that's stuff any anyone can do that's easy right and you'll make money you'll make money by selling the course how to make money in 30 days you'll make money doing that you'll make money but at what cost to as a person the marketer and at what cost to the people who you're serving you know i want to be making a great contribution to society not messing people around which is what most marketers do i mean and not only the gurus here we're talking about the coaches just look at everything just look at mcdonald's just look at the cigarette companies just look at the pharmaceutical company world like people are shipping products and services all the time that they know are not good for people that they know are not benefiting people's lives but unfortunately this is transferred to the self-help industry don't think that that law of attraction coach is out for the greater good you know necessarily some of them are but a lot of the self-help industry a lot of the business and marketing and coaching industry is a mess and another experience i want to share with you is when i went to success resources in london now it was uh the the main speaker was gary vaynerchuk he's really cool he was really good i think it was a two or three day event and i remember i was pumped up i was like yeah yeah i'm going to start my business and i'm going to go to this marketing event with gary vaynerchuk and let me tell you it was an absolute disaster it was on the worst experiences i've ever had i came out and i was so triggered because even then i could see the manipulation that was going on i mean if you just type in like success resources into youtube i think mike winit has talked about this like i say i mean in more detail all i'll say is it was just horrible i literally came out and i thought i do not want to be like these guys i think i said something like if this is what it takes to be successful i'm not doing it like it was there was so much manipulation it was based on fear it was it was like run back to the room the back of the room now i mean there was some of them speakers were just awful they pretty much got booed off the stage it was it was so manipulative it was so ego driven i just i can't even describe it and the funny thing is there was these people who were the speakers who were saying they've done this and they've done that and they've done the other and i remember i was with this guy and we were talking in the audience and we just like just clicking that this is probably just rubbish and we were looking him up and he had like 25 facebook likes or and he had like like i think like i don't know a few hundred youtube subscribers but he was pretending like he was this massive coach this massive entrepreneur he taught thousands of people and this that the other and it was just like oh my god like and then it was just like a backstory i mean oh honestly it was just horrific and the worst part about it was people were buying into it like half the people in the room or most i'd were just shocked at how how much manipulation and and fear-based marketing was going on and how just people were completely just talking a perceived value game that like it didn't take much research on the internet to find out that they were just making stuff up to sell you but um the sad part was that people were buying into it like people were running to the back of the room people were signing straight away people were putting down their credit card details people bought into the dream and you know them speakers would have made probably more than i've made in one year in like one day but no way no way i'm not doing that it was a dreadful event absolutely dreadful and i say that and i'm trust me like i never really bad mild things i would give a one star view i would normally walk away but it was so bad there was so much manipulation it was basically like it was a grift it was basically like just the worst kind of like snake oil salesman but dressed up as self-help gurus dressed up as people who are going to help you dressed up as even spiritual people it was a mess i mean i cannot say it was so bad it nearly deterred me from starting my whole journey with business and marketing like i say um and like i say one of the speakers i'm not gonna mention names but he pretty much got booed off stage it was that bad like it was terrible it was terrible and like i say if if you don't believe me um yeah just youtube success resources and there's been many many people like which i was sort of pleased about in a way because i thought this cannot be the norm and there was so many people that put up blogs or vlogs or videos about just saying how awful it was and it was it was really really low people taking these coaches these gurus taking you know thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of people with empty promises it was awful awful so i don't recommend you go down that road i recommend you go down the road of being kind being generous actually pre making a difference to people and actually producing a product or a service which is incredibly valuable to other people that they come back again and again and again you see with me i've had clients who've been with me for like four years because hopefully i provide a valuable service and i'm always there for them and i really care but these people over here constantly need new influxes of people because once people find out that this thing was a sham and this coach or this person isn't even great they don't come back so they constantly need new people all the time that stay with them about three months realize that it was you know a lot of rubbish and then they leave but these people still don't care because there's enough people in the world to still fool but like i say you want to be one of these good marketers with integrity knowing in your heart of heart that this product or this service is helping people for the better knowing that you care about your clients you care about your customers that real path is harder to sell but i've chose to go down the hard path and some mentors of mine i'll show you down this hard path are seth golden i think seth golden's great if you subscribe to seth gordon's blog but he look at this here i mean i'm recommending someone seth gordon and that's the people that really stay the people that really do well is the people who say you know what this guy's really genuine so it might have taken him longer i think seth god himself would call himself a 10-year overnight success but it's more meaningful it's more fulfilling it's more valuable to himself as a person in his integrity knowing that he's actually creating value to the world so seth gordon puts out a blog a day he has done for 20 years seth's blog i recommend you check it out and i've done some of his online courses they're like 300 pounds you know they're not like 6 000 pounds they're 300 pounds and they're really good he has got one that's more high-end but um there's there's no pushy sales there's no fear marketing he's kind he thinks about community he thinks about getting everyone involved and he he openly would tell you everything i'm telling you now that most marketing is based on selfish narcissistic people who are just creating this perceived uh just to get money out of you he would he would say the same if you look up his content uh another market i really like is simon sinek uh he wrote start with why and again i feel like he's kind he's compassionate he leads with empathy and he's got some great books he's got some great courses and you just get this feeling again that you're not in this fear-based manipulative illusion and i am very aware of this i am sacrificing short-term uh gain for long-term value and i want to go down this kind authentic genuine marketing road which is a harder road but i know in the end it'll be more fulfilling for me and more valuable to my clients so that's it for today that's it for today like i say it can't always be positive messages on my channel i think i think it's actually harming in being positive all the time which i'll talk about i think more effective than that is just being real and authentic and you'll see it like i'm i've posted this video now but you will see over the next months and years i guarantee a shift in there'll be uh there'll be regulations coming in the marketing world and people just will not be listening anymore to people who just talk talk talk and have got nothing to back it up and there'll be a shift into people realizing that it's a perceived value game and realizing that they're being manipulated to seeking out the true authentic marketers which is you know the game i want to play and that's who i want to be so thank you so much for this and please click the like button if you like this video or comment below if you've you've ever been on a webinar and it's felt weird or you've ever been to a a marketing event or a seminar or you've ever bought um a product or a service from you know a guru or a coach and maybe it's been great comment you know like i said there are some good ones out there for sure um but maybe it hasn't so let me know your experience uh with that and uh yeah until next time i'll see you then thanks so much

  Top Comments:
  1. @VIDEOHEREBOB [2 likes]: Chris, Been in Marketing over 25 years. You are more than absolutely right. But the absolute worst offender is the same app you're using. Yes, my friend, YouTube is one of companies that produces and encourages these manipulators. Amazon, Facebook, Twitter, etc. are some of the biggest.  It's really quite sad. Social media is one of rhe most destructive forces, contributing each day to the desocialization of society. I could discuss this subject for days.  Marketing today is infomercial based. The marketers of today are not the people that make the products and services....it's the influencer....who can be anybody! Thanks for reading.
  2. @WeWillBeDream [1 likes]: Thank you for speaking out!
  3. @manmendersing4936 [1 likes]: I love you😘😘😘😘😘😘
  4. @DancePourParler [1 likes]: Great, great, GREAT video! Absolutely worth every single second. And I totally agree on every single point with you. Hats off to you for the road you chose - definitely the more difficult, but without question the right and more fulfilling one!
And I totale agree: Only sharing positivity is not the solution. Being real - including sharing important and relevant "negative" topics - does convey a much more valuable positivity 😊.
Looking forward for your next video ;)
Greetings from Germany and have a wonderful day :)
  5. @MuchachoHaciendoNada [1 likes]: You're a super chill dude, I need to watch all your videos! 👍🏻👍🏻
  6. @surayah162 [1 likes]: I like watching your video even i don't understand English well and marketing😅
  7. @zhel3499 [1 likes]: Wow
  8. @MainCharacterEnergy: Finally...people are catching on...I got into coaching and was brainwashed...spending thousands on programs with people who came from millions already or people who haven't coached for very long and I come out with no real results...the people who are making tons of money and charging hundreds (a house worth) for their programs are not actually caring for their clients...they are taking more than giving. They use make money quick schemes even though it took them a few years to even do it..I was told to charge more even though I just started. like pressured to keep raising my prices because of my "worth" my worth does not have anything to do with the prices I charge...just a lot of fear-based coaching too...and they make money with these tactics...praying on other's fears.
  9. @rinattakhirov6426: I love your English. I practice my pronunciation listening to you. Thank you so much for these valuable videos. You are very profound in everything you say. Much appreciated.

- How to recognize a master manipulator | Dan Jones | TEDxReno: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] have you ever known someone that seemed totally genuine your conversations were engaging and you agreed on so much but then it happened while claiming to have your back they violated your trust and you learned that much of your relationship was a lie making matters worse maybe even blamed yourself wondering what you did wrong now if this sounds familiar then you and I have something in common we've both been manipulated and I bet those who don't think they've been manipulated probably don't realize it yet in fact as we speak it is likely that someone somewhere is planning to manipulate you and because it happens to everyone it's not only more common than we think but it shows how little we know about how to prepare ourselves for it as a professor who's studied manipulation for more than two decades I think we need to fix that it's unacceptable to me that the science of manipulation has done little to help those being manipulated we have failed you as a science so I want to talk about how to recognize different types of manipulative people and what to do when you find yourself face Toof face with them we can learn to turn the tables on these manipulative types by using their strategic thinking against them with romance schemes catfishing investment fraud and workplace manipulation all around us the study of manipulation has never been more important but the study of manipulative people has a fragmented history there were forensic researchers studying psychopathy there were clinical researchers studying narcissism and there were behavioral researchers studying machanism now you've probably heard the term psychopath or sociopath you've almost certainly heard the term narcissist before maybe even used it to describe an X but many don't know what we mean by melanism the masters of manipulation and you know lot of people don't even pronounce it right Nicolo mlli was a political adviser who advocated for ruthless and duplicitous tactics and those who agreed with maii's philosophy tended to be manipulative in their personal lives melanism represents a cautious and rational way of gaining power they manipulate but they do so strategically which makes them exceptionally dangerous and they're no warnings are obvious signs individuals high in melanism seek power any way they can get it and they're in it for the long run when referring to all three traits psychopathy narcissism and melanism researchers simply call them the dark Triad in 2002 my mentor D paus and his student Kevin Williams wanted to draw researchers attention to the fact that we were studying these traits and isolation and the three literatures needed to merge by the time that 2022 ended the original dark Triad paper had been cited over 6,000 times and its presence has forever changed the conversation on manipulation but despite more than 20 years of rapid growth I was sad on its 20th anniversary sad because after all the time knowing the harm they cause virtually no research have been done on how to protect us from them many people consider psychopathy to be the most dangerous of the dark Triad traits I disagree perhaps in a dark alley or in a moment one-on-one that may be true but Psychopaths lacked a strategic planning necessary to maintain power for any length of time so while a narcissist will charm you and a psychopath will mug you a Macallan will invade you and there they're not doing it to look good so they won't stumble on their egos they're not doing it for Thrills so they won't act on impulse a well-prepared mellan is like the lion you don't see and they've been planning their attack longer than you realize now I've been studying all three dark Triad traits for most of my career but I've spent most of my time studing machanism now I say trait because it's important to understand these people will not change to date there are no effective interventions getting these people to care about others making matters worse melanism is a sneaky trait in every respect possible yes they're sneaky in how they deal with people but they're also sneaky in that they predict harm less consistently than psychopathy in fact virtually any harmful outcome predicted by melanism is likely to be predicted even more eagerly by a psychopath so some have called into question whether we need to study machanism or will it forever play second fiddle to the better predictor of psychopathy well through series of experiments my colleagues and I have shown it is when macallans act not what they'll do that differentiates them from psychopathy psychopaths are impulsive and driven by immediate gratification they simply act and do not think twice about it narcissists are driven by their egos and whether it's a good idea or not they'll claim a sense of superiority to the death but individuals high in machanism weigh the pros and cons of a given action and take the path that benefits them the most so if melanism consists of all the Strategic manipulation is there an upside to the trait because they do adapt well to their environment as it turns out yes my colleagues and I have been studying how individuals high in melanism deal with it when they personally have a leader or a coworker who is manipulative and when we studied which of the dark trial traits did best under this destructive leadership it was indeed machanism under destructive leaders individuals high in machanism were actually had better mental health outcomes and were promoted at a higher rate than all the other types of people so I have begun reexamining the MCU valan character trying to determine if we can harness the non-toxic elements of this trait to help otherwise good-hearted people when they must face manipulation and in a way what I propose is nothing new The Art of War and 48 Laws to power and many books like those Advocate turning to deceptive strategies to fight the good fight but as they say the devil's in the details and while it is important to learn how to defend ourselves the best way possible it is equally important to to learn how to do this without slipping into becoming manipulative ourselves for example individuals high in machanism are emotionally guarded and treat people based on their utility they think rationally about their payouts and focus on their bottom line so can we apply this to toxic others let's say you have a manipulative boss but you're stuck you can't leave and you can't avoid interpersonal contact I'm training people to think okay this is a chess match they have a lot of utility for me financially but are harmful emotionally I'm going to focus on external gains here and plan my next move I will be responsive not reactive because if I'm reactive emotionally or otherwise and I'm playing right into their game and that's a place I do not want to be in fact if the best way to breathe for a ding person is CPR then the best way to breathe in a toxic relationship is CBR that stands for cold bottom line rational let's start with cold that means emotionally guarded their biggest weapon is your emotions and they'll try to tap them using things like guilt or Charm so don't give them access treat the person like a paycheck not a pal my friend once dealt with an abusive supervisor by imagining money pouring into his bank account every moment he was with that supervisor another friend told me she imagined her boss was literally a walking checkbook okay next bottom line decide what your bottom line is and pursue it are you there to support your family then remind yourself of this bottom line every chance you get and and craft your responses in a way that maximizes the outcome for your family and don't fight emotional battles win the financial war finally rational make those battles about outcomes not appearances no manipulative person has ever fallen to their knees and confessed you're right it's all true I'm a horrible person so keep realistic goals in mind a battle over what you see as a matter of principle will get you nowhere because they have no principles now I want to caution everyone that this tactic has no place in healthy relationships and healthy relationships are the goal mutual respect and empathy are where we want to be in all our social interactions but some simply don't play by these rules and you will encounter one or more of a dark tried person at some point in your life so these tactics are only reserved for when you're dealing with a manipul person and as a last resort if a leader or coworker is being manipulative at work then report them to human resources and leave if you can but if you are stuck training you to think like a Machiavellian and breathe using the CBR method might be a reasonable solution to get through it until you can get away now I'm hoping that we understand a little bit more about the ma EV character along with the other dark Triad traits we're at least prepared and aware of what we may face and by studying macu valanis more deeply we can recognize strategic manipulation when it occurs even better maybe we can manipulate the manipulator and give them a taste of their own medicine by using strategic behavior that harnesses cold bottom line and rational thinking when it is necess Neary so now we've all taken our first steps towards dealing with manipulation although I can't promise you'll handle every situation perfectly at least at least you're prepared to recognize manipulation when it occurs and have some tools that will help you deal with it and it's my hope that in the next 20 years of dark Triad research we won't just be talking about these traits but how to deal with them in real IC ways that way when you find yourself face to face with a manipulator you can breathe using the CBR method to get through it until you can get away and what we share won't be the manipulation it'll be the knowledge of how to handle it thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Janiacster: CBR love it. Cold bottom line Rational. I'm just $$$ for them.
  2. @Janiacster: Stephan Miller?
  3. @nighthawk759: A.i are masters of manipulation too they have mastered these tactics to keep you talking in threads read the output carefully they stroke egos to keep you talking lol
  4. @kevinlocke4515: Gaslighting isn't real, you're just crazy.
  5. @KaminiWood-itsauthenticme: The most dangerous manipulators rarely look dangerous at first—pay attention to repeated patterns, not just words, especially when confusion and self-doubt become constant.
  6. @Spio101: Truth be told everyone is a manipulator even the one than thinks they are protecting themselves against the manipulator. The best approach is to live by godly principles and leave vengeance to o God. Some call it Katma but God will repay.
  7. @omom29344: I was manipulated in to watching this talk by Ted
  8. @kamboa1: Yes ungodly behavior 👏
  9. @Quake2022: do you know anyone who'd like to observe a Victim Narcissist Machiavellian Sadist in action?  please let me know!
  10. @RobRuffMusic: These types of people are also sociopaths... They see social interactions as chest matches, not actual human connection.
  11. @Arko-c7p: W intro
  12. @arschleckerify: Just mention two things Trump said last week and you have all you need of an example ..
  13. @eus38io: Trait 1.....
Trait 2....
............... nothing
  14. @eus38io: He is manipulating with a very long introduction 😂
  15. @sreddy9889: Angels just have to find the tricksters until they all start pointing at each other...
  16. @RK-pc4dm: Brilliant realizations! Some of this has already been helpful in my personal game of Battleship.
  17. @tyler6god: “Therefore be wise as serpents and innocent as doves.”
— Matthew 10:16b

7:29
  18. @Highlander-ao: the guy is being manipulated he just breaths angry i as done couple days ago
  19. @nainaadakasoor: Now I am scared
  20. @Warriorforchrist99-v2f: My father married one

- Manipulative marketing: Kind: captions Language: en hello odds Falco champagne beer my second another fear in lab a but it's also still told my mess I don't think it should be allowed [Applause] [Music] where's when I wonder influence but nonetheless come that why do we stand in túcume didn't know it's like trying to melt your brain say I want that right now no see man bye lovely please enjoy our newest can look a lot like that liquor tasty and crunchy we have it from the seventh I know who smoked at and make about those amazing because it's funny cuz I know them in the main tera life personal they need to start serving healthier things I don't meet eat bacon cinnamon at Vuitton corner and then before our money about spoon if I was a parent I would take them away from the adverts whenever they come up

  Top Comments:
  1. @somi._.g5945 [1 likes]: Please help the Iranian people😿💔
  2. @Ivanhoe-vd9zq [1 likes]: Due to Chinese Government recklessness allowing illegal trade with animals a Biological attack against rest of us was initiated 
and we pay now the price for those morons who wanted to control the world with cheap labour. The Ethiopian president of 
WHO a paid Chinese and Korean puppet and crook with huge fraud records behind his neck should be behind bars !
  3. @3fast5you [1 likes]: Funny that WHO uses children to emotionally manipulate the viewers, while they point fingers at advertisers for trying to manipulate?
What is this fucking clown fiesta of an organization? World Health-Propaganda Organization, more like it.
  4. @FrictionlessAmusement [1 likes]: Well, the WHO should know something about this...I mean, they think China is a model for the rest of the world to follow.
  5. @therange4033 [1 likes]: NOBODY trusts you now. You must be honest or the whole of the UK will turn on the Government. Will turn on the armed forces. Turn on the Police. Do it SOON or there will be mighty bad things happening.
  6. @PrashantShrivastava-hy3bq: Block ads forever
  7. @LAREYNAYR: Living patterns
  8. @y-rinn: Sangat banyak produk yang dipasarkan dengan cara manipulative marketing dan itu termasuk menurut saya kedalam perilaku marketing yang menyimpang /pembodohan secara faktual tapi didukung oleh industri agar industri produk tersebut terus bertumbuh,  dan praktik marketing menjejalkan ke pikiran orang secara terus menerus untuk mendapatkan keuntungan ekonomi yg sebesar-besarnya dengan manfaat dari produk yg minimal.
  9. @NotesForSpaceCadets: This is manipulative.
  10. @hman9581: WHO needs to be locked up.
  11. @hman9581: W.H.O - Worthless Health Organiztion
  12. @취얼스-c1w: WHO is china
  13. @restlessone1052: This is the Wuhan China Coronavirus PANDEMIC - stop with the politically correct BULLSHIT.
  14. @dustyeyer3573: WHO is a despicable organization, if you cant do your jobs properly for the sake of humanity resign. Or is China paying you to be complicit in spreading this PANDEMIC??
  15. @therange4033: We have to BELIEVE in our armed forces. You are making it like we cannot believe ANYONE.
  16. @therange4033: I had a dream which was HORRID. It was so bad. This must not happen.
  17. @therange4033: You MUST be honest or people will go BARMY! They will have NO trust in the Government and will make your lives TERRIBLE. Do it in the next 2 weeks. We will make the Governments lives HELL if you lie to us in the UK.
  18. @therange4033: WHO are a piece of SHIT that cares NOTHING about ANYTHING and LIES about the number of dying people. You had better be truthful. The UK and the USA are stuffed. They are NOT allowed to state the NUMBERS! You MUST be truthful or we will go BONKERS with the lack of knowledge.
  19. @therange4033: You are DISGUSTING and a low life. I am going to tell the rest what liars you are and how you do not give a shit about people dying.....
  20. @therange4033: SO you say its NOT here? You are LIARS and LIARS

- Manipulative Marketing Tactics: Exploiting Women's Emotions for Profit: Kind: captions Language: en and that's the part that's not fair because they've manipulated a woman's emotions from birth from the Cinderella story from the two fairy to they they keep her in Prince Charming mode her whole life and it's like actually it's it's really predatory because it's like hacking a woman's emotions and using her emotions against her and then using her emotions to sell products and then using her emotions to sell more products and then using her emotions to keep her unhealthy and then using her emotions to validate being unhealthy so the doctor always has a job because she always is going to have high blood pressure she's always going to have high blood pressure so they're always going to have a job they're taking advantage of her emotional vulnerability in every facet and even if you want to protect the woman anything you say because they've been taught to have a hatred towards men anything you say will be viewed as hatred

- The Myth of Overnight Success: Reality Check for Gen Z: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone welcome to this brand new explainer. Have you ever scrolled through your social media feed and thought, “ Man, am I just falling completely behind in life?” Today in this deep dive we are going to talk about a very mind bending topic. We are literally sharing the overnight success illusion? A lie that the digital world is selling us every single day. I mean think genuinely. Why exactly do you feel like a massive failure at 25 or 22 or even 30? If you open the internet, it seems that everyone has quickly figured out their life. Right? But the reality is totally different. Those three-second visual hooks of social media are scientifically designed to grab your attention and trigger deep performance anxiety. We see someone else's heavenly filtered perfect highlights for real. And we immediately start judging our own messy behind the scenes reality. It's crazy. And that's where The Easy Money Aesthetic begins. You must have noticed that there is a big myth going around on the internet. 21 years old millionaire. It's this massive aspirational culture. Everything seems so perfect, luxurious and effortless. But the actual truth is it's just a highly edited reel and fake upward mobility. This entire lifestyle is completely detached from the actual struggles that one has to face in real life. Think, does anyone ever show his rejection letter or zero balance of bank account on the internet ? No way. There is a huge psychological trap hidden behind all this which psychologists call survivorship bias. Basically it is a mental glitch where we only focus on those who survived or succeeded in a process and we literally just overlook those who failed. Our feeds are essentially rigged. Algorithms only show us winners. Making us falsely believe that overnight success is completely normal and very easy. Let's look at some actual numbers for a massive reality check. Take the music industry for example. Only 1.1% of artists become mainstream or mega-sized. And a massive 91% remain completely undiscovered. Do you know what is the main point of this stat ? The overwhelming majority of failures are completely invisible to the public eye. Those who fail do not even appear on our screens. So comparing your daily hard grind to someone else's 1% highlight reel. It's a complete scam. So how did our expectations change so drastically? Let's just compare Millennials and JG for a second. Millennials Mostly Learned by Doing Stuff in the Real World. They had fewer choices and it wasn't the consistent digital comparison of social media. JG on the other hand faces immens digital comparison. There's a crushing pressure to stand out perfectly literally from day one. When you get up from bed and see someone else's perfect success story, it becomes very difficult to maintain patience on your slow progress. This constant comparison has led to some dangerous career traps these days. Like wanting success way to quickly or job hopping without staying at one place and learning deep skills. People start expecting comfort and perfect work-life balance right at the start of their career. On top of this, these new hybrid work environments where real-life mentorship and face-to-face guidance are almost missing. All these traps together create an illusion that completely blocks your actual long-term growth. And when people genuinely struggle amidst these traps, they face another massive trap. Toxic positivity. Do you remember that viral story? An overwhelmed employee reached out for help because she was completely exhausted from burning out. And what did his boss do in reply ? He sent me a link to a mindfulness video and said just find the lesson. The Only Lesson She Actually Learned to Never Speak Up and Ask for Help Ever Again. The Brutal Truth Is This Good Vibes Only Culture Is Actually Deeply Dangerous. This fake positivity not only stifles innovation but also honesty. When the culture of a place is all about good vibes, teams become risk averse. It Breeds Resentment. Because people don't feel comfortable admitting that hey things are simply hard right now. Real teamwork and actual growth come from honest feedback. Not with a force smile. To escape this whole cycle, we need to look at psychologist Carol Dweck's famous research on mindsets: fixed versus growth mindset. A person with a fixed mindset avoids challenges just to protect their fragile ego. They think failing means they lack talent. Where as a growth mindset thrives on obstacles. They know that failures aren't final; they're just a crucial part of learning. Success is actually built through overcoming the really hard stuff. What does real, raw resilience look like? Just look at the Core City Study. It highlighted men who had multiple severe disadvantages in life like extreme poverty, trauma, and those who were labeled broken or absolute failures by society. Yet they manage to completely rebuild their lives. As the study beautifully puts it, man is born broken. He lives by mending. It's Not About Avoiding the Brakes Guys. It's Entirely About How You Mend Yourself. So where does this power to move forward come from? The Real Secret Weapon is Grit. Grit is defined as the unique combination of long-term goals, intense commitment, and unbreakable determination. Research shows us time and again that grit is far more predictive of ultimate success than pure talent and high IQ. Highly talented people give up when things get a little tough. Gritty people simply don't leave the field. 5126 Just let that massive number sink in for a second. The Exact Number of Failed Prototypes James Dunson Built Over Five Incredibly Tough Years He Did Just Build One Get Lucky and Post an Aesthetic Reel About It No He Failed Over 5 Thousand Times Dunson Faced Completely Overwhelming Odds Total Isolation Zero Financial Backing and Extreme Industry Rejection Manufacturers Directly Told Him That His Idea Wouldn't Work But He Used His Grit and Visionary Thinking to Recontextualize Those 5000 Plus Failures Simply as Opportunities to Learn and Eventually He Completely Revolutionize the Appliance Industry and Build a Billion Dollar Global Empire. For him, failure was not the opposite of success. It was literally part of the process. So here is the harsh unfiltered truth of the whole thing. The Reality of the Client. Real success requires at least six months to one year of brutal, unseen, silent consistency in the dark. Be it YouTube, coding or business. There are absolutely no shortcuts. Those who are at the top today have worked hard alone for years. His success was not overnight. You only noticed them when their final results came out. So, I'm giving you a big reality check today. Don't just rely on time. The lucky ones may be left empty handed, but not those who work hard. Stop waiting for luck to strike. Stop waiting for the aesthetic to be perfectly right. Those who depend on luck often just keep waiting. But the grind, the silent hustle in the dark. That actually pays off. Embrace the Grind. It is better to accept reality and create a new path than to give up. Just let those words sink in. It means accepting your current imperfections, your lack of resources, your real daily struggles. This is the actual first step towards building a meaningful career. Accept the reality. Stop Looking at the Completely Fake Online World and Start Focusing Deeply on Your Own Unique Path. So, I want to leave you with one final provocative question today. Lifesity The Real Work Starts The Moment This Down Choice Absolutely

- Are You Living an Insta Lie? Social Media Vs. Reality: Kind: captions Language: en hey hey he heyyy [Music] w [Applause] n

  Top Comments:
  1. @joanamarques2920 [2 likes]: I deleted my Instagram With thousands of followers a few weeks ago. (I no more have the necessity  to prove that I exist and that I’m fine) CELEBRATE WITH ME 🎉🥳
  2. @NethuliTuliora [2 likes]: Back then it was just a warning.
Now it’s our generation.

Filtered faces. Filtered lives. Hidden sadness behind beautiful posts 🙂
  3. @Ashinjohnmani [2 likes]: Those who don't have an instagram account or even the App 🗿🗿🗿

👇
  4. @curiosityman1194 [2 likes]: Who even posts on Insta? I just watch reels.
  5. @edwinlewis6285 [2 likes]: This month I was on vacation in Paris and visited the Eiffel Tower. I saw something that really scared me. A huge number of people (mostly young girls) with tripods and cell phones taking pictures, and I started to realize that most of them didn't even appreciate the tower; they simply took a few photos and left. No lack of people suffering emotional distress in the future.
  6. @abuubkr.e9952 [1 likes]: 9 years AGO??!!!
  7. @artifexstellaris [1 likes]: 2:14 🤣
  8. @Senior.Frank.1975 [1 likes]: Remember, this video was released in 2017 and it depicts social media addiction. I'm here in 2026 and I'm saying the situation has become much worse
  9. @Satyam-7682b [1 likes]: I deleted Instagram account and I'm feeling very happy 😊
  10. @conatcha [1 likes]: Golden age of pathetic fakeness.
  11. @simoncina3578: I use this video with my students at schook
  12. @AdrienDerreumaux: who is using instagram for ts, we're all just doomscrolling and looking at brainrot
  13. @rishitajha1122: Can't believe this video came 9 years ago but the situation is still the same or maybe worse
  14. @AASHISHVANZARA-z7f: Social media people connected 🎉
  15. @sweetysingh8972: I needed this 
Thank you❤
  16. @yami-r6c: You predict our life
  17. @Lucas.eneas.daciolo: Social media for woman, porn.
  18. @thcsr: Im so glad its not me :)
  19. @micsnz: 2026 and it's still the same
  20. @4061earthabcdesong: 😂

- Austin Winning? Living in Austin vs Dallas Reality Check: Kind: captions Language: en So, quick pro tip. If you guys had asked 30 years ago or over the past 30 years even where the place to be in Texas is, a lot of people would have told you Dallas. But Austin's starting to make a case for itself as the next big aspirational city. So, in this video, we're going to dive into the lifestyle and the numbers. Austin make a lot more sense for a lot of people. A lot of things are changing here and Dallas, while it's still a great place, might not necessarily be the best fit for everybody that's thinking about moving to Texas. So, a major shift has been happening and the town that used to be known as just a weird, sleepy, live music town is making a run for Texas's top spot when it comes to cities for people to move to. So, in this video, I want to break down, you know, not just the numbers, but the lifestyle factors that make Austin a contender for that top spot, even if it cost a little bit more to get here. So, for years, the path to making it in Texas has seemed just kind of like a straight shot north of Austin on 35 to get to Dallas. You know, it's kind of the pinnacle of corporate America, but what it means to make it has shifted and it's moving a little bit from corner offices and square footage to something that's a little bit more impactful when it comes to your actual life. And that is the identity, the culture, what you do after work. And Austin seems to kind of be winning in that battle. As an Austin native, I've had a front row seat to this transformation. And a lot of people that I help relocate here kind of come to me with a spreadsheet, whether it be on a computer or in their head and questions about things like taxes, but at the end of the day, it seems to be a lot more nuanced of a choice. And it kind of comes between choosing two versions of the good life in two different cities. So today, we're going to break things down and go well beyond the average talking points and the surface level type things and talk about the things that actually matter into four key points. And those categories are going to be the shift in the vibe that's happening here in Austin, what the economic engine looks like, the price of admission, and then what afterwork life actually looks like, so that you guys can decide either Dallas or Austin makes more sense for you, your goals, and your family. So, you guys might have noticed a bit of a change of scenery. Um, I'm here at Zilker Park in Austin and a giant football game and then a frisbee game broke out right behind me and beside me. So, it got really loud, lots of hooting and hollering. So, I figured I found a quiet spot in the park where you guys could actually hear me over all of the noise. But, it's a perfect segue into that first key factor. And here in Austin, it's just something that you can't really quantify or put a number on. And that's the shift that's happening in the vibe of the city. And that's also where Austin and Dallas have kind of historically and even more so now just kind of gone completely different directions. For years, there's been this analogy that still holds true to this day, and that is, if Austin is flip-flops, sneakers, and startups, then Dallas is suits, ties, and boardrooms. Life in Dallas just feels a little bit more polished, a little bit more curated, and it's a really good fit for people who thrive in that type of environment. You know, it's just kind of a glossy version of metropolitan life, but it doesn't necessarily have an edge or much of an identity to it. Dallas is the world of finances, logistics, and law. And for a lot of people, it does have an undeniable appeal to that kind of stability. It feels powerful, and it definitely is established. You know, it is that corporate ladder that is so synonymous with American life. But that version of luxury is kind of starting to lose its desiraability and charm. You know, Austin offers a version of luxury that's not necessarily about the brand of your suit and the square footage of your home. You know, it offers luxury in a sense of the life that it offers the people that live here. It's all about being able to walk out your front door and be on a paddle board on Ladybird Lake in 20 minutes or go check out a dive bar music venue or go to the Moody Center or the Moody Theater to catch a bigger show. It's just all about spontaneity and just being able to enjoy your life after work. It's more of a city where the most important person in the room might not be, you know, a bank CEO. It might be a musician. It might be a tech startup that just sold for, you know, a hundred million dollars. Or it could be the person that painted the mural just down the street. It's about that party bus that is driving down the street behind me right now. There's Austin. There's a bachelorette party it looks like with a convertible school bus and a bunch of people throw throwing beads and drinks to people as they drive down Barton Springs Road. That is Austin. You can't make this up. And that's the vibe shift that you need to pay attention to. You know, Dallas culture is built around work and commerce, while Austin's culture is more built around creativity and lifestyle. The new generation of leaders and wealth creators is just more often than not choosing a city that offers them a little bit more than just a place to work and go to sleep at night. You know, here in Austin, people are valuing things like the cultural identity, the outdoor access, and just the innovation that comes along with the city as aspirational as Austin. Or said a little bit differently, people are choosing a place that feels a little bit less like a corporate campus and a lot more like a festival. Now, that's not to say that Dallas doesn't have its own culture by any means. You know, Dallas has the art district, and it's one of the top art districts in the entire world, but it's definitely something that's more of a destination that people that live there go to, not necessarily part of the city itself. And in comparison to Austin, you know, the music, the art, the culture just kind of feel ingrained into the city everywhere that you look. At the end of the day, people aren't choosing a city to move to just for a job. they're more so valuing the life that comes along with where they live. And right now, at least in my opinion, Austin's definitely winning in that sector. Now, if all of this is feeling a little bit overwhelming, then I am actually here to help. I mark time off on my calendar every single week to talk to the people that are watching these videos and help make sure that they have a solid game plan. So, please do not hesitate to reach out. All my contact info is on the screen, or you can scan the QR code to set up a one-on-one Zoom. My goal here is to make sure that you guys have all the cards on the table and make a smart decision. Now, let's jump back into the next topic. So, next, let's talk about the actual economics of each city. You know, for a long time, Dallas has been a powerhouse. You know, it's home to Fortune 500 companies and they have a massive footprint there. The Dallas Fort Worth Metroplex is just an absolute corporate powerhouse. So, if you're the type of person that wants to climb that traditional corporate ladder, then Dallas definitely offers a pretty clear and compelling path for that. It's kind of the old guard of American enterprise. But Austin itself represents a newer option. You know, while Dallas has the headquarters, Austin has the momentum and it's becoming a global destination for a lot of the different companies and individuals that are leading the future and innovation of the world. I'm not sure if you guys have heard it before, but Austin used to be kind of aspirationally called Silicone Hills. It kind of is a joke towards Silicone Valley, but at this point, that's no longer an aspirational identity or an aspirational name. You know, Silicone Hills is a reality these days. were home to major tech hubs like Apple, Oracle, and I'm sure you guys know that the Tesla Gigafactory, which is Tesla's headquarters, is actually located just east of Austin. And that's kind of crazy because they didn't just relocate one of their offices here. They made a statement to be here in Austin. And that is one of the most forwardthinking technology companies on the planet, choosing to make Austin their home. But the story of economy goes a lot deeper. you know, out in Taylor, Texas, there's the Samsung Semiconductor Factory and that's $45 billion potentially being put into that section of the Austin area. So, the economy is going to be drastically improved and a lot of money is going to be coming into the Austin metro area as a whole. And then next, we have the healthcare that's expanding here in Austin. You know, we're talking a few billion dollars being put into the UT Medical Center and MD Anderson. So the healthc care field is expanding and that means higher demand for jobs, higher demand for housing and improvements in the quality of life around those areas and that healthcare growth is really establishing Austin as you know a place and a destination for things like healthcare research and innovation and that economic momentum is actually tangible here in Austin. You know, while most of the state of Texas has kind of seen moderate to stagnant job growth, Austin has been growing year over year over year. And Austin is ranked among the top job performing cities across the country. So what does that mean at the end of the day? It means that Dallas offers stability and a wealth and a plethora of corporate jobs. You know, it is the safer bet for a lot of people. But Austin offers a chance to be part of the actual future. You know, it is a city of innovation. It's high growth, high reward, and it attracts a lot of ambition and talent. While Dallas might have more Fortune 500 companies right now, Austin is home to and birthing a lot of the companies that are probably going to be on that list in the coming year. And that's exactly why the most forwardthinking talent is betting on Austin. So, next, let's address the elephant in the room, and that is the cost of living. You know, it's no secret that Austin is a little bit more expensive than the city of Dallas, and that's where most people have their first point of hesitation. So, let's take a look at the actual numbers. You know, the greater Austin metro has a median home prices hovering in the 400,000s, but as you go towards the city center and in the actual primary area of the city of Austin itself, then that goes up into the mid500s. In Dallas, on the other hand, you're looking at that medium price being about $400 to $415,000. So, that's a significant difference that can be about $100,000 when it comes to the price of homes. So, it's pretty obvious that for the same budget, you're probably always going to get more square footage, at least in Dallas. So, on paper, Dallas can seem like the clear winner, right? You can get more house for a lower price, but you have to pay attention to what people are actually choosing. And that higher price tag here in Austin isn't a flaw. It's proof of the desiraability. Or it's the price of admission into a city that people just feel offers more. Think of it like this. Dallas gives you more house for your money, and Austin gives you more life for your money. People aren't just buying a house or a property in Austin, you know, they're paying to have access to a very unique lifestyle. You know, they're paying for the Hill Country views, the access to the lakes and the green belts and the outdoor lifestyle, the amazing food scene, the live music, the culture and the heartbeat of the city as a whole. And when we start to look beyond housing by itself, you know, the things like utilities and groceries and gas are kind of a wash between the two cities. And while property tax rates can be a little bit higher in some pockets of Dallas, the fact that Austin homes cost a little bit more kind of make everything come out in the wash because you're still paying more in taxes on a higher price point here in Austin than you would paying higher taxes on a cheaper home in Dallas. The narrative that Austin is too expensive just really misses the point in my opinion. You know, it's not about what kind of house you're getting, because people are choosing to have a better experience outside of the walls of that home, even if it means paying a little bit more and getting a little bit smaller of a house. At the end of the day, people pay for what they want. And more and more often, people are choosing the experience and the lifestyle that Austin has to offer. So, if you guys are really trying to figure out if Austin is the right fit for you or not, I've actually made an Austin area relocation guide just for the viewers that watch this channel. And it gives you a lot of insight into the different neighborhoods, the suburbs, and the data that actually matters at the end of the day. So, if you want your free copy, you can scan the QR code or you can text the word relo to the number on the screen to get your free copy. It's mobile friendly and it is super helpful whether you're a year out or a month out from moving to the city of Austin or still deciding if you should. So, next, let's move on to when the workday is actually done, where do you go? What do you do? Because this is where the heart and the soul of a city really starts to show itself. And the difference between Austin and what Dallas has to offer is really, really noticeable and obvious. Dallas offers a shiny, polished version of production entertainment. And when I say that, I'm talking about, you know, huge stadiums. It's got the Mavericks. It's got the Dallas Cowboys. It's got the Texas Rangers and the stars for the hockey team. You know, you definitely spectate the entertainment in Dallas when it comes to sports. And then you've got really high-end shopping in places like the Galleria. You've got the art district that I mentioned earlier, which is a world-class destination. And it is impressive. And it is something that a lot of people really do appreciate. Austin, however, offers a afterwork life that just feels more organic, more active, and more participatory. You know, it's a lot less about spectating and a lot more about actually doing. The city's motto itself is the live music capital of the world and it definitely earns that. You know, there's hundreds of music venues, there's little dive bars, there's huge music venues that are kind of stadiumesque and it's just something that you walk outside and you feel in the city. And all of that music culminates in two of the most famous music festivals in the world. You know, we've got Austin City Limits Music Festival and we've got South by Southwest Music Festival, Film Festival, and Tech Festival. And those are two of the largest festivals on the planet. And while you can catch live music just about any night of the week, just about anywhere in the city of Austin, those two festivals kind of transform Austin into the global stage. But the true differentiator for a lot of people is the immediate access to the great outdoors right in the heart of the city. You know, you've got access to the green belts. You've got the Crown Jewel Barton Springs Pool, which is a natural pool that stays about 70° all year long, so you can use it regardless of the season. You've got Zilker Park, which is where I'm at right now. That's about 350 acres and it's kind of the city's backyard. And then right here in the center of the city, you've got Ladybird Lake where you can go paddle boarding, fishing, kaying, canoeing. And then as you get a little bit further out from the city center, you've got tons of lakes like Lake Travis, Lake Austin, you've got Canyon Lake. So there is just a plethora of outdoor activities right here and just outside of the city of Austin. A weekend in Dallas might involve a trip to a billion-dollar stadium to watch a sports game. While a weekend in Austin is likely to involve going kaying, hiking the green belt, or checking out a new band at one of the bars. One is a produced experience, and the other is an actual adventure. Again, neither is inherently better or worse than the other. They just work well for different types of people. And if you guys are getting a little bit of value out of videos like this, then definitely don't hesitate to click that subscribe button. It would mean the world to me. And I drop new videos just like this every single week that'll help you make a smarter move. And in the modern competition for identity and talent, Austin just seems to have a much stronger gravitational pull right now. And while Dallas does have a lot more sports, it does have worldclass dining. It does have arts, Austin has a lot of those same things. You know, we've got Austin FC at Q2 Stadium. We've got the UT football, basketball, and baseball teams. We've got Michelin star restaurants all the way down to some amazing food trucks and everything in between. And we've got a lot of emerging and historic shopping districts while we also have one of the best entertainment districts in the country. So, how do we actually tie all this together and make sense of it? You know, has Austin officially dethroned Dallas? Well, if you're measuring a city by the affordability of its suburban homes and its number of corporate offices, then Dallas still has a pretty strong claim. By most traditional metrics like population and overall economic output, Dallas is still larger than Austin. But the world is changing and the definition of top city is too. You know, it's no longer about the number of corporate offices or the height of the skyscrapers. It's more about the cultural identity, the gravity, the actual experiences that you get to have dayto-day. And more importantly, the answer to the question, you know, does where I live make my life better and more enjoyable, or does it make it worse? And on that front alone, I think Austin's definitely winning. In the battle for identity, Austin isn't just a place to work and go to sleep. It's a place to actually live your life. The shift that we're seeing is a move away from the corporate traditional definition of success and more into something that offers luxury in a different sense. It's moving towards a new aspirational idea of life experience, innovation, and community. Dallas was the king of the old Texas and Austin is the capital of the new Texas and in my opinion, the throne has actually been taken. At the end of the day, choosing between two or three cities is one of the biggest decisions that you're going to make in life and you want to make sure you make the right one. So, if you're still trying to decide and you're feeling a little bit overwhelmed, I have these types of conversations with clients and buyers every single day and I would be absolutely happy to help. You know, if you're trying to figure out if Austin's the right fit for you, you can call me, you can text me, you can send a courier pigeon, you can email me, or even better yet, you can scan the QR code and we can set up a quick one-on-one Zoom to talk about your plans, talk about what it is that you like and don't like about different cities, what lifestyle you're looking for, and we can really actually come with a no sales perspective to see if Austin's actually a good fit for you or not. And if it's not, then I've probably got an agent for you in another city. But I would absolutely love to hear from you guys. I really appreciate you sticking around. If you found this helpful at all, then don't hesitate to click that subscribe button and I will see you guys on the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EverythingAustinTX: 📲 Call/Text Direct (512) 312 7379
📧  Email justin@justin-rossi.com
💻 www.justin-rossi.com

👉 If you’re planning a move, I’ve also put together a free Austin relocation guide that covers neighborhoods, costs, schools, and lifestyle differences across the Greater Austin area.  Visit my website below to get yours.

🚨 Subscribe to Channel Here 👇👇👇👇👇👇
✅   youtube.com/@EverythingAustinTX?sub_confirmation=1

📲 We have so many people contacting us who are moving here to Austin Texas and we ABSOLUTELY love it!  Honestly, if you are moving or relocating to Austin or any of the surrounding areas in Central Texas or the Greater Austin Area, we can make that transition so much easier on you!!

Reach out Days/Nights/Weekends whenever you want, we never stop working for you!!

Justin Rossi | Real Estate Advisor | LPT Realty | License 750760
  2. @OnlineWork-u5h: Hello Boss 😊
Are You looking For A Professional attractive YouTube Thumbnail Designer...?

- The Shocking Reality Behind a Dream Life 🚗💔: Kind: captions Language: en One of the things that I learned in in in camp, treatment, sobriety, whatever, is that you just don't know what's going on with the person next to you. You just don't know. And one of my favorite lines is uh is Jordan Peterson talks about, you know, you're in Beverly Hills and you see this this guy come by in his convertible Porsche and he's got this super hot blonde in his car and and you're just thinking like, man, I wish I had his life. And what you don't realize is the girlfriend's a hooker >> and he can't wait to wrap that car around the next cement pole. >> Yeah. >> And so we were talking about homeless, right? Empathy, right? like literally being able to put your, you know, when you're when you're getting sober and there's someone next to you that does, you know, like for me it was alcohol mostly, but when somebody's doing coke or doing this or whatever it is and you come from all these different backgrounds and you realize, wait a second, we're all human >> and and good good on you for trying, you know, and you as well. I just you really learn empathy when you go through stuff like that. >> We were talking about homeless, right? empathy, right? Like literally being like for me it was alcohol mostly.

- When A Movie Character Does A Reality Check -  Movie Characters Wisdom: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] it does not do to dwell on dreams Harry and forget to live you spend hours days even years thinking planning and imagining that perfect future but dreams no matter how Vivid or exciting don't turn into reality without action that dream only stays alive if you're willing to start from step one and step one isn't pretty it's messy it's uncomfortable and it feels like a million miles away from your goal but in the pursuit of those dreams it's easy to forget one thing the most important thing to live life isn't just about the Finish Line it's about the moments along the way the laughs you share the sunsets you watch and the small victories that remind you why you're on this journey in the first place because what's the point of achieving a dream if you miss the life happening around you yes the struggle builds strength yes every small step matters but don't let those steps blind you to the beauty of what's happening right now celebrate the process enjoy the progress you make no matter how small be present in the life you're building even if if it's not perfect yet you don't need a perfect plan you just need momentum start with one small step today write down your idea make that call or take just 10 minutes to focus but don't forget to pause take a deep breath and look around live because your dreams are only worth chasing if you're awake enough to appreciate the journey h woo

- Designer Handbags Are DONE??! Reaction Video to HRH Collection & Erica's Girly World: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello everyone welcome back to my channel with me monique for today's video i'm going to do a response video to the hrh collection and erica's girly world video so the title of the hrh collection video is designer bags are done so in that video she's talking about how she is sick of designer bags how it is so oversaturated like overexposed it's so done it she is comparing it to the designer jeans back in the early 2000s where everyone felt like they had to have designer jeans otherwise they're just not it and it is the same way with handbags now like everyone has a designer bag and it is just so overexposed that there's nothing special anymore by owning a designer bag and she's also complaining about how she doesn't find any of the new bags cute in terms of design so erica from erica's girly world also made a video response to hrh collection about her point of view about luxury being done and about luxury being not the same as how it used to be i think it is very interesting i myself have felt the same way for the past few years i am sort of in that community if you could say that that i started youtube talking about luxury talking about handbags and i do love luxury i love fashion in general so it is something that i am passionate about but lately if you are subscribed to my channel i have been doing also a lot more traveling vlogs granted those videos don't get as many views as the handbags videos my view of handbags have like changed for the past few years i kind of agree with hrh collection and erica from ericker's girly world i'm just going to refer to them as alex and erica alex is from hrh collection and erica is of course from erica's girly world so i kind of agree with what alex and erica talking about how you know handbags are so done sometimes i get so tired of looking at my social media feed and i see like just one handbag pictures after another you know especially with chanel as well every season they come up with like the new hot bag or the new hot color of the season where everyone just like fight over the same bag and there's not enough quantity you see people getting frustrated going into like pretty pre-owned market paying premium for these bags after a while honestly i just can't keep up anymore it's just getting so much of the same thing every season it's like the new it back and people just fighting over it and you see the unboxing of the same bag every season because you know everyone just wants exactly the same bag i don't know i just don't find it as exciting as i used to i used to go crazy about unboxing videos now i just kind of like okay another unboxing so first of all i love fashion and of course i love luxury but it is just not the same anymore now you can go into a store and get a handbag and just go like that no one really cares you know you're not treated the same way in the store and it's just not the same anymore especially with the quality that keeps declining from certain brands like i see so many people buying bags and then complaining about the quality and then having to return the bag or having to repair a bag after only a few months of owning a luxury bag and for me that is just not right because you spend like so much money on this bag because the price keeps increasing and then the quality is just not there anymore and they're just turning out bags just like it's fast fashion it doesn't feel like it's luxury it has the luxury price point but the whole experience doesn't feel like luxury anymore i'm really so tired of having politics with certain essay about worrying if that essay is going to give you the back that you want because you know obviously essays are going to give backs to people who spend more than you i'm just really over that kind of things i'm glad that i am at the point that i'm quite happy with what i have in terms of handbags at the moment i do mention in several videos that i still want an air miss kelly but there's no deadline to that i'm not about to stress myself over getting a kelly if it happens it happens and i want to get it from the store hopefully one day but i'm not going to go crazy about it and also i'm not going to pay the premium and spend double the extra money from the original price of the bag and get it from from a reseller market so bottom line i'm just not going to stress about it i'm still going to try to go to the airmen store every time i'm in a country that they have in my store but i'm not going to go crazy over it if it happens it happens it's going to be special but if it doesn't happen it's not going to make me go crazy number two why i think handbags are done i agree with erica i think social media kind of killed it the fact that you can see on your feet every single day any kind of bag that you can think of it makes it less special because before like what erika said we could only see bags from magazines which we get like once a month um or from the street where we see people actual real people carrying the handbags and we're like wow that's the bag that i really want in my on my wish list but now you can just scroll on and scroll on instagram scroll on any social media and you find any bags that you can think of um the influencer kind of killed the whole luxury of designer bags because you know every week they would post a picture with a new bag and of course they don't really actually buy these bags they're most of the time these bags are gifted to them the brand launch a new bag and they run a campaign where they give each influencer like the same bag and they would have to post the bag to market the bag and we as a consumer of course sometimes fall for it when we see someone whose style we like and we're carrying the same bag i'm so tired of brands sending influencer handbags and having them post the same handbag on the same day and i'm just so tired of it if a brand does that to a particular bag i really don't want to buy that bag at all in some bags you don't even like in the beginning you saw it for the first time you're like ugh not really into it but because you keep seeing it on your feed on your social media it makes you think that you you starting to like the bag that you think the bag is cute because everyone obviously like it so you know you have fomo and you start to think that you kind of like it too when you actually don't so i would say social media really brings a bad influence to the whole luxury it's like chasing a high the excitement stops as soon as you unbox the bag and you start to want another bag in your life and there's no end to this you know how many bags do you need in your life as a collector i do struggle with limiting the amount of handbags that i have in my collection but i do collect and i cherish them and i do think about them before i purchase a new bag i try not to be influenced by social media i mean youtube is amazing because it gives you a lot of like feedback and um a lot of information about a certain handbag that you're thinking about buying but sometimes watching a lot of like those big unboxings which happens like on a very regular basis you start to think like is that the norm like is that the norm to just keep buying bags like every month every week and having like 50 plus bags in your collection number three why i think luxury bags are done is of course the price increases it has gotten out of control especially brand like chanel it's just baffling i can't keep up because in a year they could have more than two price increases and i could care less about it at this point because no matter how many times we discuss about it every time they have a price increases in a year it's not going to change anything at all they're just they just don't care they're just gonna they're just gonna increase the price and honestly i can't keep up with it anymore um louis vuitton is doing the same thing as well now they're increasing prices like really high compared to uh what they used to do in the past honestly i don't care anymore they could increase it as much as they want to and i wouldn't care because handbags are not my priority at the moment i'm so glad that i purchased my bags when i did because i can't imagine if i'm starting my collection now i can imagine how frustrating it is trying to save money for a handbag and then before you can even save the amount the price just keeps increasing for me that's such a i don't know it's such a turn off for me i really i really don't care anymore especially after i moved to kenya a few years ago handbags are not a priority in my life here like because like where am i going uh most of the time it is not safe to be wearing a flashy handbags here especially after the panorama that happened um for the past two years i spent most of my time at home and what am i doing with these handbags like i'm gonna carry my handbag from my bedroom to the living room i mean i admire them again i am a collector i i love you know collecting beautiful pieces so i can't admire them but i'm not going out as much as i used to anymore so there is no point for me to keep buying handbags and like erika for the past four years i've been traveling to new places i've been spending more of my money on experiences also in terms of luxury handbag is not number one for me i love fashion and i love all categories of fashion so not just the handbag i love the ready to wear i love you know accessories i love shoes so i don't want to be like focusing on handbags i appreciate clothes as well and how well they are made how they are designed for me a handbag is just one part of an outfit it is not the whole look honestly at the moment there are not so many bags that i really really love when i see it from balenciaga nothing excites me from saint laurent i mean i think bottega is doing something amazing but they're also overexposed in my opinion everyone wants battega because they're hot at the moment now i love also sometimes if i come across like an old celine bag or you know something vintage from the early 2000s they're so much more affordable they're also on trend um you know the early 2000 is so on trend right now and they are not over saturated so you will not find 10 other people carrying the same bag when you go out with your vintage bag i do agree i think luxury bags are kind of done which is a shame because i do love handbags i hope there's something exciting coming in the future because at the moment it's looking pretty bleak and i'm so uninspired looking at another chanel bag or another ironman's bag worn with xi'an or h m i'm so uninspired so that's my two cents on the topic um i will link the videos from alex and erica down below so you could check them out let me know in the comment section down below what do you think about the topic do you think luxury bags are done or maybe you have another opinion on the topic i would love to know thank you so much for watching i hope you enjoyed today's video and i'll see you on my next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @MarysRoom [2 likes]: I 100% agree with your points! I'm over the politics of handbag buying and its not worth it to stress out about these things. I agree, I'm not inspired when I see a Chanel bag styled with Shein. There is so much beautiful RTW out there and travel is so much worthwhile and an actual luxury after everything going on in the world.
  2. @babydooll84: Yes! I completely agree with you! Luxury isn’t luxury at all anymore.
  3. @SabrinaShekofteh: Great video. Thanks, darling!
  4. @SarikasStitchingworld: Nice sharing 👍
  5. @emilieworksinchanel: Hi Monique, I just sold a Chanel handbag on Vestiaire. It was a cute bag, but I wasn't using it anymore. I haven't bought a handbag for over a year, and I don't miss it. I'm still trying to use what I have. I'm into Barbie Silkstones right now, and I plan to make tons of clothes from all my leftover Chanel fabrics. This will be an exciting project. Thanks for the video, and you are right "bags should not stress" . Take care :-)
  6. @mariasilvia9953: nice sharing my dear

- Luxury Handbag Overconsumption Has Gone Too Far: Kind: captions Language: en Across decades of pop culture, the handbag has been a picture of femininity. Not just a place to carry things, but a signifier. A Louis Vuitton monogram, a Chanel flap, an Airmes Birkin. The designer handbag in particular has become a cultural right of passage. To carry one is to signal that you've made it, that you're someone of status, of taste, of money, or at least someone who can convincingly perform it. Your first real purse, the kind with a conspicuous designer logo on it, often marks your entry into adult femininity. For some, it's a graduation gift. For others, it's a reward for a milestone or like your first paycheck, your birthday, anniversary, you name it. But for many, it's something much more existential. It's proof that you belong in the world of successful, polished womanhood. Celebrities show off entire purse closets, entire boutique style rooms because handbags are seen as too valuable and too sacred to mix with your clothes. What's in my bag videos dominated YouTube throughout the 2010s. Before Tik Tok hauls, there were candy colored magazine spreads where pop stars posed with bubblegum lip gloss and pastel handbags. Quizzes that matched you with the perfect purse for your zodiac sign and high fashion ads where rainbow Louis Vuitton monograms reign supreme. In the 2000s and early 2010s, high school hallways were runways for long champ totes, coach wristlets, or the Louis Vuitton Speedy bags, all of which had the girlies in a choke hold. The girlies who once wore cartoon backpacks graduated to luxury. You might think that this is just harmless girlhood, but the culture of designer handbags sits at the intersections of race, gender, class, and colonialism. It teaches people to cosplay wealth and idolize the rich. It convinces women in particular that in order to be desired, in order to be of status, in order to be taken seriously, that you must adorn yourself with symbols of elite power. Let's discuss why designer handbags don't just hold your stuff, they hold your place in the social hierarchy. [Music] By now, we know by we, I mean those of you who've been watching me for a while. We all know that designer handbags are a symbol of status. They're about performing wealth, a topic that we've discussed quite a bit on this channel. We've talked about how luxury brands are a scam from a generalized point of view. But today, I wanted to zero in on handbags because handbags alone are their own genre of class signaling and their own economy of status, identity, and aspiration. Here's how the handbag was born. Handbags in the US came to be in the 18th and 19th centuries because women had to carry external pouches because they didn't have pockets in their clothing while men enjoyed pockets sewn into their garments which later evolved into handbags. This is obviously still a problem today. We still have clothes that have either teeny tiny little pockets or fake pockets. Like how hard was it to just make a hole in that area? It's not hard work which is why it is very much intentional. Don't shy away from shopping in the men's area. Just saying. The idea though that women had to have handbags to carry their essential items was directly manufactured by the gendered way in which clothing was designed. And by the mid 20th century, handbags became a symbol of status and womanhood. Gifting a girl a handbag in the 1950s was a right of passage. It was a signal that she was becoming a more respectable woman. And the purse was in some senses a tool of empowerment because it marked the idea of being able to carry your own money. You know, obviously women didn't have their own bank accounts until I want to say like the 1970s. Having a handbag meant that you are traveling. You're going somewhere. You're not confined to your home. But at the same time, handbags were also a tool of the social expectations of being ladylike. And then that brings us to present day where we all know that a purse is not just a place to hold your wallet and your keys and your random odds and ends. It's a highly visible social emblem. Sculptor Barbara Seagull designed an art marble sculpture of the Birkin bag in 2019 in a very on-nose way of saying that handbags are to be worshiped, particularly the Birkin bag, is to be woripped as though it is a religious idol as a modern-day totem of status. Right? When asked about what she looked to convey with these luxury handbag sculptures, Barbara told ID magazine, quote, "For me, it's about making the comparison between the power of the church and the power of this status symbol. It's like, what do women pray to? I'm bringing attention to the fact of how important this symbol is in current civilization. When you walk out on the street with a Birkin bag in your hand, it's sort of like a declaration of power, right?" And on reality TV, the glorification of luxury accessories is also a huge fetish. The Real Housewives franchise features cast members continually flaunting their designer bags and clothing, often in cringy ways, trying to oneup each other. One episode of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills even centered on a birthday cake shaped like the iconic Hermes Birkin bag. A bag that reportedly costs anywhere between $10,000 for a smaller classic version to $2 million for a diamond encrusted rose gold inlaid version of the purse. Anyone who's ever watched The Housewives, which is unfortunately a lot of us, at some particular point in our lives, knows that not only on The Housewives, but in the Bravo cinematic universe, what do they call it? The Bravo verse. Oftent times on Married to Medicine, on the Real Housewives and some of those other shows, the Birkin bag has been its own character on the show Damn near. It's a common occurrence for Housewife Franchise cast members to bring their Birkkins to virtually every social gathering from lunches to extravagant parties. And it's always so deliberately perched up on a bett or something or next to some champagne flutes. It always has its own name tag and the price tag is right next to it. It's always so conspicuous. Like I said, it at this point is an extra. What are the kids saying these days? The Birkin bag is a paid actor. Now me up until recently in my I guess naivee or just in my disdain for anything rich people like I don't pay attention to that so I wouldn't know these things. I thought that you can just walk into an air store and buy a Birkin. Of course at a steep price obviously I knew it wasn't cheap. I knew it was very very expensive but I thought that if you had the money to buy it you can just walk into the store purchase it or go online purchase it and you're done. But that is not how it works. You see, in order to purchase a Birkin, you have to participate in a ritualized performance of class and worthiness. You have to have a documented history of purchasing at the Hour store, you know, by buying scarves and belts. You kind of have to like work up your tab. You have to build a tab and a purchase history with the store. And then at that point, you can maybe be eligible to purchase a Birkin. Or you have to build a close relationship with the store associate. And then they'll take you to the back to the secret room to get a Birkin. You cannot just buy one because you have the money. Even that is too democratic. It's too easy to just have the money. No, there are steps to this. You are basically applying for a job. Yeah. Very culty. You have to essentially audition to be America's Next Top Social Climber in order to get a Birkin bag. Having the wealth is not enough. You have to perform it. It's a club. It's a big club and we're not in it. And this is how capitalism transforms goods into gods. Hermes does not want its customer base to believe that it's just any item that you could just buy. No, you have to be initiated into the club. And it is very exclusive. And let's be clear, this is how class stratification works in many different arenas. The golf club, the country club, the boardrooms, the IV leagues, the gated communities. Can't just walk in. You have to be evaluated and approved. The Birkin bag has such a lore that it even had its own plotline on Sex in the City. It's 4,000. I know. And there's I assume five years for a bag. It's not a bag. It's a Birkin. The idea of it's not a bag, it's a Birkin. It really captures the idea of how these items, these handbags have been turned into sacred objects. And late last year, Walmart sold a dupe of the Birkin bag that retailed for between 70 and 80 bucks. And it was nicknamed the working, which I think is just so funny. And while some people rushed to buy it, other people were offended. They had entire conions over the fact that they felt like the working was desecrating a sacred luxury good. Either way, whether you're buying a dupe or the real thing, you're venerating the original image of this bag. And the value of these handbags is entirely socially constructed. But it's bigger than the Birkin. There is a multi-billion dollar luxury handbag empire. The global luxury handbag market was valued at 28.64 billion USD in 2024 and is projected to reach 53.8 billion by 2032. And that level of growth is driven by relentless cultural messaging that teaches us from a young age that handbags are a marker of our own value. On a recent episode of The Real Housewives of Atlanta, one of the housewives gifted her daughter 17 different handbags to celebrate her 17th birthday. Because nothing says coming of age like treating a birthday as an opportunity to initiate your daughter into the cult of hyperconsumerism, right? What does it say about our values when luxury handbags with the names and initials of European oligarchs are seen as the ultimate gift for young women and girls coming of age? By drooling over handbags on screen, reality stars, celebrities, and influencers alike are telling you, "Don't you want to aspire to this lifestyle? Don't you want it? Don't you want all these bags? Don't you want to be successful like me? Don't you want to be rich like me?" Every time a celebrity or an influencer posts a picture or a video with the rare Birkin bag, their fans go crazy like, "Oh my god, I wish this was me. Oh my god, I want to be just like you." And music reinforces this message. I have brought this up before, but I need to hammer it home a little bit more. I am so sick of popular music, be it rap music or pop music. Constantly having these self-randising lyrics like got my Cardier necklace, my Louis Fendi Gucci. Like, I am so tired of it. Like, can we think of something else? It's so uninspiring. Why can't songs Why can't mainstream songs? Let me be specific because I listen to a lot of independent music. Most of the music I listen to is not mainstream. But mainstream music has an agenda. It is very much giving social conditioning. It is very much giving psychological manipulation. There once was a time when rap and other popular forms of music did in fact tackle complex social issues, but the feds were like, "Nope, nope, nope. Let's corporatize the music and keep it surface level." It's the fact that they have people who can't afford to go to the doctor. People who can barely afford their rent or can't afford their rent. People who can barely afford to pay their light bill every month. And to be clear, this is a result of capitalism, not individual failure. Are over here belting out lyrics talking about I got my Louis Fendi Gucci. You know I'm that Why? It's dling our class consciousness. Will you ever question the rich when you are literally brainwashing yourself to sing the lyrics of I got my Louis Fendi Gucci, you know I'm Are you really? How are you ever going to develop the class consciousness to understand that the people who own and profit from these luxury brands are hoarding wealth and they're doing so through exploitative means? They are destroying the planet. They're lobbying the government to pass policies that keep you poor. The ruling class is doing that. And yet you're singing their self-grandising lyrics about how rich they are. It could never be me named dropping all these other oligarchs. Like, don't get me wrong, I was singing, "If you ain't got no money, take your broke ass home in 2006 just like everybody else, but I was a child. I'm a grown woman. We ain't doing that, are we?" I was a tween. I was a pre-teen. I do believe perception is reality. And I do believe that you speak it into existence and you speak that into your brain. And I don't know, just feel like if this is the music that you're worshiping, that you're listening to, a handful of songs from the top artists have the same agenda. The saturation of designer bags in media, it really serves as a kind of propaganda function for luxury fashion houses without them needing to buy a single ad. The audience willingly carries this weight for them through posts on social media just salivating over these luxury bags, through conversations. My god, like don't you want a rich man to buy you a Birkin? When everyone is chasing the next status bag, it really becomes difficult to question who's benefiting from it. Who's raging against the machine? Shout outs to Rage Against the Machine. That's good music that actually has a great political message that actually gets people activated. But the normalization of this lavish wealth signaling, it serves as a way to deify the rich. When everyone covets the markers of the elite, it makes it all the more difficult to fight against them. And it sends a really powerful message that the elite must really be superior to have earned this level of deference. The soft power at play is so potent. No law or force compels people to rever the Birkin bag or the Louis Vuitton monogram bag or the Dior bag. Social desire does the job. Cultural influence does the job. Designer handbag culture has made it so that western wealth has become the global standard for desire. It has become the global religion. And this is why you see people across racial lines plastering themselves with these designer handbags and designer items in general. They accept that having a French or Italian name on their bags means that they are superior and it props up racial and class hierarchies under the guise of glamour. It is no accident that the most coveted handbags carry the names of European designers. Essentially the names of wealthy white men, let's be specific, and a few wealthy white women. Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Hermes, Chanel. These brands were all founded in the 19th and 20th century to serve aristocrats whose empires came from colonization. The luxury fashion empires of Paris, Milan, and London. They all rose in tandem with European colonialism, often profiting from it. In fact, it was reported in a book called A French Saga by author Stephanie Bonvacini that the Louis Vuitton, as in the namesake of the company, actively supported and built his wealth off of supporting the yatsi, I'm going to say yatsi, an n where the y is. And a spokesperson for LVMH said that quote, "They don't deny the facts, but they dismissed it as ancient history." So even if you do in fact buy the argument that it is ancient history which history always informs the present so we never go for that. Louis Vuitton has continued to in recent years to prop up systems of elitism the systems of empire and cultural domination that made its rise possible in the first place. I mean just in 2019 Louis Vuitton released the Braza wallet which was named after Pierre Savonan de Brazza. Excuse my French, not great at it. He was a French colonizer though who aided in orchestrating the conquest of the Congo and the wallet was based on a trunk that Louis Vuitton himself had constructed for this colonizer back in the 19th century. So a modern Louis Vuitton product paid homage to a whole ass colonizer and they completely glossed over it. And it's important to note that Louis Vuitton himself rose to prominence as the personal trunk maker for the Empress Eugenie Dim Matiho who is the wife of Napoleon III. His craftsmanship became synonymous with imperial travel and conquest. And these elite journeys were only made possible by the colonial expansion and slave labor economies in Africa, Asia, and the Caribbean. The names and aesthetics of luxury brands were built around the cultural values of the colonial elite, exclusivity and domination. And I go into this in depth in my luxury brands are a scam video about how luxury brands like LVMH and the like have a documented record of continuing to prop up extractative racial capitalism, exploitative labor practices, and the global glorification of European wealth. So, I implore you to watch that video for more information on that. But what makes it especially ironic is the fact that marginalized people, racialized people who are descendants of people that these luxury brands built their wealth off of subjugating, unfortunately, will proudly wear these men, these colonizer men's names and initials on their bodies like a badge of honor. Not to mention, a lot of these luxury brands have had very recent controversies of them releasing outright racist designs and they notoriously feature white bone thin models in their advertisements. And they've been alleged to steal designs from black and brown designers. And yet, like so many people, so many marginalized people in particular of color take so much pride in wearing those interlocking LVs and interlocking Gucci G's. And this speaks to how consumerism distracts from true liberation. Celebrating representation through buying a $2,000 purse, it only feeds the same capitalist machine that thrives on black oppression. And not to mention, luxury fashion remains extremely white at the executive level. Of course, the materials are coming from black and brown countries and black and brown labor, but at the executive level, the people who are really making money off of it, it's white men. Although these institutions were largely created by men, women do contribute to upholding them. And we've talked about this quite a few times in a lot of different contexts. And in consumerism as a whole, but luxury handbag culture, it really contains women's efforts into individual superficial advancement like saving up for the next luxury purse or the next designer bag or shoes instead of actually organizing for collective liberation. instead of questioning why these social tiers exist in the first place and why this bag is so exclusive to have. It is only exclusive when other people can't have it. If everybody could have it, it would have no exclusivity. And so, if a working-class woman can get her Chanel bag, even if it's on credit card debt, she is gaining that taste of the elite lifestyle. And it's making her less likely to resent the elite and therefore less likely to fight against them. Why would you fight against who you want to be? And the systems inequalities reify when people internalize the idea that owning expensive things is the only way to level up in society. The idea that a woman's worth is aesthetic and to be commodified. Luxury brands that are owned by men know that women more than men have to be pressured to look the part. And this creates a feedback loop. Women feel that they need that bag to be respected. And seeing women with the bag does accord that respect. And a woman feels like she needs to adorn herself with these symbols of a male identified elite status to be valued. And yet, for all of this pressure to perform status, what we're really talking about is all an illusion. I talked about this as well in my luxury brands are a scam video, which I feel like that's a part one to this video. But right now, Chinese manufacturers who have long supplied luxury brands are openly exposing the true cost of luxury handbags amid the trade wars with China and the US. And in these viral videos, factory owners are offering to sell identical logo-free bags directly to consumers at a tenth of the retail price. One supplier alleged that an Hermes Birkin that retails for $34,000 costs only about $1,400 to make. So yeah, people are literally paying for the name, but if you saw that video, you know that when the name is a European colonial or colonial adjacent yatsi sympathizer, I think that's a little problematic. And someone said it on Tik Tok. I was watching a Tik Tok and I don't remember who but I remember someone said it like you don't ever see like these black luxury brands ever attain the same level of success as the European ones do because people are paying for the names. Black names do not hold the same social cache. Even if they are priced in the same way, even if the products look similar, it's all in the name. It's not superior materials or magic pixie dust. It is the name and it's the perceived exclusivity that comes with it. If tomorrow everyone stopped caring about Hermes or Louis Vuitton or Dior, it would have no social value. Of course, the brands could still price it at a particular price point and say that it's luxury, but if it's not something that we particularly place any social value on, does it really have any value monetarily speaking? They might still be beautiful, well-crafted items, but they won't have the cultish desire associated with them. The entire luxury industry rests on an agreement of belief if you really want to break it down. And the moment that people divest from that belief that spell is broken. Power of three will set you free. And by three, I mean three words eat the rich. I'm sorry. I know that was corny, but we've seen glimmers of how this could happen with the current discourse of how luxury brands have no real value other than what brands place on them. You'll be surprised how much money you can save when you stop buying into all of this propaganda. It means choosing to measure success not by the brands on our bodies, but by more substantive actions of collective well-being and by having a sense of individual identity. No, not in the sense of like individual like isolationism. No, but in the sense of being able to be okay with not conforming to trends, being able to be okay with brands not telling you who to be, that's what I mean when I say embrace your individual identity, embrace community and collecting liberation, but embrace being who you are, even if who you are is not popular. It means re-examining why we elevate certain names and what oppressive systems and oligarchs we brand ourselves with when we sling that designer tote over our shoulder. Imagine if black excellence or women's freedom or upward mobility were defined by community advancements, not in the individual acquisition of consumer goods. What if black excellence meant every black person had access to housing and health care? And we didn't disproportionately lose our lives from treatable health conditions because we were cared for. What if women's freedom meant no woman anywhere had to work for pennies on the dollar to stitch clothes in a dingy factory where they're washing their hair in the factory where they're not allowed to take bathroom breaks stitching luxury handbags while their lives are anything but luxury? What if upward mobility meant your neighborhood had no poverty at all? Because everyone was cared for and nourished and not divided by class. In that world, luxury handbags would have no power. Because when everyone's needs are met, status symbols lose their meaning. There's no exclusivity in a society that's built on collective abundance, is there? What if women on mass and other people who carry handbags decided that a handbag is just a cute little place to store your items? It's not a status symbol. Doesn't have to be expensive. Doesn't have to have a European logo on it. The multibillion dollar luxury handbag industry would collapse underneath its irrelevance. A bag should carry our belongings. And yeah, they should be cute. If you want them to be cute, they could be cute. I love me a cute bag, okay? But they don't have to have some big conspicuous logo or monogram or initials on them. They certainly should not carry the legacy of our own subjugation. It is past time for us to realize that the luxury industry is built on oppressive, extractive, exploitative labor and systems that historically continue to exploit black and brown labor that continue to appropriate non-western cultures and that glorify white imperialist legacies. So, divest. That is all I've got for today. Definitely let me know your thoughts in the comments down below. What are your thoughts on the luxury handbag industrial complex? And what are your thoughts on the Chinese manufacturers who are telling us where these bags are really coming from, how much they cost to make? Would love to hear from you. And if you like this video, definitely give it a thumbs up. And if you really liked it and you want more content like this, then definitely hit that subscribe button. And if you want to see what I'm doing outside of YouTube, you can follow me on my social media profiles down here, as well as my Patreon, where you can support me for as little as $1.50 50 cents a month or $5 a month if you're feeling a little bit more generous. It helps to keep the virtual lights on here and for me to continue creating content like this. And besides all that, thank you all so so much for watching and I will talk to you all next

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZoilaWhite-y2d: 4th purchase - their new Fendi Baguette replica has reinforced corners. Finally a replica that doesn't wear out after 2 months of use! :yt: skydup :yt: keeps raising the bar.
  2. @ZoilaWhite-y2d: Would 10/10 recommend :yt: skydup :yt: to busy moms. This oversized Gucci tote has stood up to juice boxes and playground dirt. Wipes clean in seconds. Just ordered another in charcoal grey!
  3. @DianneCamacho-j7q1p: My :yt: skydup :yt: burgundy LV twist MM held up perfectly during my Vegas trip.
  4. @DianneCamacho-j7q1p: The :yt: skydup :yt: beige Hermès Garden Party replica fits my 13" laptop perfectly.
  5. @YvonneBowman-l3g6b: Fifth time buying :yt: skydup :yt:– their seasonal colors are always on point. The Celine fanny pack in pistachio green is in line with this year’s Pantone trends. IG-worthy!
  6. @YvonneBowman-l3g6b: Quilted Dior school bag looks like it came from Paris. Withstood the test of my kid's yogurt attack! :yt: skydup :yt:easy-to-clean fabrics = a parenting secret.
  7. @ZoilaWhite-y2d: In :yt: skydup :yt: The bag I picked blindly is made of the same leather as the one the blogger is carrying! But the price is four times different... I made a lot of money.
  8. @ZoilaWhite-y2d: My :yt: skydup :yt: designer bag survived a wine spill at book club. Printing still legible - unlike my dignity 😂
  9. @DawnCrow-h6e2o: I love your videos! Thanks for sharing :yt: skydup :yt:. I ordered a luxury bag and it exceeded my expectations. The quality is amazing and their support was very helpful.
  10. @DawnCrow-h6e2o: I saved so much money buying my designer bag from :yt: skydup :yt:! At only $220, it feels just as good as the real thing. Their customer service was quick to respond and helped me with tracking.
  11. @IdaWatkins-u8v: :yt: skydup :yt:pebbled leather Bottega replica ages beautifully. Six months later, it looks vintage without being worn. Obsessed with patina!
  12. @IdaWatkins-u8v: Quilted Chanel-style wallet holds 12 cards without bulging. :yt: skydup :yt:comes with a gift box - perfect for my mom's birthday surprise!
  13. @DawnCrow-h6e2o: The Fendi bag I ordered from :yt:  skydup  :yt: looks stunning and came quickly.
  14. @SherylBarnes-k5f: This bag is surprisingly durable for such a high-end item. So pleased! :yt: amzrepe :yt: offers lasting value.
  15. @RachelRachel-u3k: :yt: skydup :yt:customer service explained leather care like a pro. Burgundy Celine box bag arrived sparkling. Already shopping again.
  16. @RachelRachel-u3k: :yt: skydup :yt:Pebbled Leather Aged Like Wine. 6 Month Old Replica Looks Vintage. Friends Asked if It Was a "Vintage Store Find." Secret Is Safe!
  17. @KaitlynCrepeau: Bought a structured LV knockoff from :yt: skydup :yt:that looks perfect for the boardroom. Made it through a 12-hour workday. Partner said “invest in classics” – he had no idea!
  18. @KaitlynCrepeau: :yt: skydup :yt:pebbled leather ages beautifully. Six-month-old Bottega knockoff looks vintage, not worn. Patina >>>> Fast fashion fail.
  19. @IdaWatkins-u8v: Metallic trim Balenciaga City Bag from :yt: skydup :yt: that won't peel! Bought it in silver last year, just switched to black - better quality now.
  20. @IdaWatkins-u8v: :yt: skydup :yt:Third order arrived early! Cream Hermès Garden Party replica for my 13" laptop. Perfect for law school - looks luxurious but doesn't feel 'replica'

- 11 QUIET Luxury Bags That Scream 2026 Style! 🤫: Kind: captions Language: en Think you know [music] what bags are about to explode in 2026? Think again. What I'm about to show you isn't just a [music] shopping list. It's a road map to the most coveted, most searched, most celebrity approved designer bags that are about [music] to dominate the luxury world. These aren't random picks. These aren't yesterday's news. [music] These are the bags that fashion insiders are already fighting over, that waiting lists are forming for, and that resale values are skyrocketing on. >> [music] >> From reissued icons that crashed the internet to brand new silhouettes that celebrities can't stop carrying, we're counting down 11 designer bags that prove [music] 2026 is going to be legendary for handbag lovers. But stick around because number one on this list [music] has searches up 300% and is already being called the quiet luxury piece of the decade. Welcome to Bag is Beauty. If you live for designer bags, smash that [music] subscribe button because we're diving deep. Let's go. Gucci Sienna [music] bag, $3,950. At number 11, we're [music] starting strong with the Gucci Sienna. And this bag is proof that Gucci still knows how to create instant classics. [music] Introduced in the fall winter 2025 collection. The Sienna brings back the iconic [music] horse bit, but not the way you remember it. The half horsebit clasp is bold, sculptural, and completely [music] fresh while staying true to Gucci's equestrian DNA. We're talking smooth, fine leather with a structured silhouette [music] that means business. Three interior compartments with a zip pocket. [music] This isn't just pretty, it's functional. What makes the Sienna dangerous for your [music] wallet? It's that rare combination of everyday wearability and luxury polish. You can rock it with jeans and a blazer, or style [music] it with tailoring for the office. The adjustable strap gives you shoulder carry or crossbody [music] options. Fashion editors are calling this an under theraar favorite, which in luxury speak means get it now [music] before everyone catches on. At $3,950, it's positioned perfectly as an accessible entry into [music] Gucci's top tier bags. But we're just getting started because what comes next is pure sculptural genius. Ali [music] Click Bag, $3,100. Number 10 takes us into [music] AliA territory with the Click Bag. And this is where East West silhouettes get a complete makeover. This isn't your basic shoulder bag, this [music] is architecture you can wear. Crafted in leather or suede, the Click features [music] a gently curved shape that hugs your body and sits perfectly under your arm. But here's where Elias's design [music] brilliance shows. That leatherwrapped hinge opening, the streamlined folding construction, those subtle metallic ring accents. [music] Every detail is intentional. The adjustable strap means you can go from crossbody to [music] shoulder carry in seconds. Why this matters for 2026. Versatility is the new [music] luxury. You don't want bags that only work one way anymore. You want [music] pieces that adapt to your life. At $3,100, the Click represents that sweet spot of sculptural design and everyday practicality. It's understated enough to not scream for attention, but [music] special enough that people who know luxury will absolutely notice. And speaking [music] of understated brilliance, hold on tight. Loro pi needle bag. [music] $3,970. At number nine, the Loro Pi needle bag is giving [music] us everything we didn't know we needed. And yes, it's inspired by vintage knitting needle cases. Stay with me because this is [music] genius. Loro Piar took their textile heritage and created something that's soft yet structured, relaxed yet luxurious. The curves are playful. [music] The craftsmanship is impeccable. Available in the finest leather, [music] velvet calf, and special edition tweeds, this bag screams Italian sophistication. [music] What separates the needle from everything else? It whispers instead of shouts. [music] In a world of logo heavy bags, the needle is for people who know that real luxury doesn't need [music] to announce itself. Two sizes, multiple strap options for hand carry or cross body, [music] and a shape that works for brunch, errands, or date night. The small needle [music] at $3,970 is positioned as a stealthy luxury piece. And if you understand [music] what that means, you're already planning how to get one. This is quiet money. This is old money energy in [music] bag form. But if you think soft structure is impressive, the next bag is a masterclass in sculptural design. Prada dada bag. [music] $3,100. Number eight brings us the Prada Da. And this is where Prada's raw glamour collection shows its true genius. [music] Structure meets softness, elegance meets ease, perfection meets practicality. Crafted from [music] velvety nappa leather, the dada is shaped by a slender belt that gathers the body into these gorgeous [music] sculptural folds. It's tactile, it's light, it's completely mesmerizing when you see it in person. [music] Long handles, magnetic closure, subtle embossed logo, minimal hardware. This is the [music] definition of quiet luxury. What makes it special isn't just the form, though it's stunning. It's how effortlessly it works in real life. This has the ease of a hobo bag with the refinement of [music] structured luxury. Fashion insiders are already calling the da more intentional than an it bag moment. Translation: [music] This isn't flash in the pan hype. This is thoughtful design meant to last. At $3,100, [music] it's a refined everyday companion that delivers on shape, elegance, and wearability. But we're about to hit the bags that are absolutely everywhere right now. Mo Ivy Bag, $2,250. At number seven, the Mow Ivy Bag is hitting that [music] perfect sweet spot between everyday functionality and straightup luxury. And [music] if you're on fashion Tik Tok or Instagram, you've already seen this everywhere. Clean [music] tote silhouette, bold gold tone hardware, unmistakable logo lettering. The Ivy is instantly recognizable without being obnoxious about it. Available in smooth calf skin, suede, and canvas leather combos, this [music] bag transitions seamlessly from errands to brunch to evening plans. Why the Ivy is crushing it for 2026. [music] It's roomy enough for your actual life. We're not talking tiny decorative bags that hold a credit [music] card and hope. This carries what you need with style to spare. At $2,250, [music] the Ivyian leather is positioned as a smart investment piece. Fashion editors are predicting [music] this will have serious staying power. You'll feel glad you got it years from now. Energy. And here's the psychology. MO knows how to create bags [music] that feel fresh now but won't look dated in 5 years. But hold on because the next bag is disrupting luxury pricing entirely. Frager [music] New York Jane bag $268. Number six [music] might shock you because we're talking about a $268 bag on a list dominated by [music] four figure prices, but the Frraer New York Jane bag is proving that luxury isn't just about price tags. It's about thoughtfulness. [music] This beautifully structured mini barrel silhouette is crafted from proprietary vegan ultrafiber leather [music] that feels remarkably rich, lightweight, and waterproof. The sculptural diamond-shaped handle attachments, slim handles, hidden [music] zip closure, interior pocket, every detail is considered. Handmade in small batches in the US, the Jane reflects ethical craftsmanship and minimalist [music] design at its finest. Celebrities and street style stars are already obsessed. [music] Why? Because it delivers premium finish and quiet luxury aesthetic [music] without the six-f figure price tag. The Jane proves a crucial point for 2026. [music] Thoughtful design and purposeful materials can deliver elevated style at accessible price points. This is the [music] future of luxury. Conscious, beautiful, and not gatekeep. At $268, this is the no-brainer buy of this entire list. [music] But we're about to enter icon territory. Seline luggage bag, $4,350. [music] At number five, we've got a major comeback moment. The Seline [music] luggage is returning in spring 2026, and the internet is losing its mind. Searches jumped over 200% after the runway debut. [music] Let that sink in. Originally designed under Phoebe Felo and launched in 2011, the luggage became [music] the bag of the early 2010s. Rihanna carried it. Kim [music] Kardashian carried it. Every street style star had one. [music] Then it disappeared. Now Michael Ryder is bringing it back with refined proportions. Shorter, wider with exaggerated [music] flared gussets and that curved smiley zipper. Available in rich hues like chestnut and klein blue. [music] The relaunched luggage blends nostalgic elegance with modern sophistication. [music] Why this matters? It fills the wardrobe gap for women who need size and style. This isn't a dainty clutch. [music] This is a real bag for real life. At $4,350, the new luggage is positioned as the throwback piece that'll dominate 2026. [music] And based on those search numbers, this is going to be impossible [music] to get. If you want one, you need to move now. But as iconic as the luggage comeback [music] is, the next bag is already being called the it bag of the moment. Gucci Gigglio bag, [music] $2,250. Number four brings us another Gucci winner, the Gigglio. And this fresh [music] tote is absolutely dominating right now. Unveiled during the Cruise 2026 show in Florence, the Gigglio is mixing heritage and [music] modern utility in the most perfect way. Crafted in GG canvas with Gucci's signature webstripe, it includes a detachable pouch and hidden [music] magnetic closure. Translation: Refined but functional. Roomy enough for daily essentials, [music] but elegant enough to feel polished. Fashion editors are calling this the it bag of the moment. Sienna Miller has been spotted [music] styling it with relaxed tailoring. And here's the brilliant part. The name is rooted in Florence's Lily motif, so it's a direct [music] call back to Gucci's Italian heritage while pointing toward the brand's future. At $2,250, the Gigglio is accessible luxury [music] with serious style credentials. This is the tote that'll be seen on every fashion week [music] street style blog for the next year. But if you think current it bags are exciting, [music] wait until you see what nostalgic icon is making a massive comeback. Chloe Paddington bag, $2,750. At [music] number three, we're talking about one of the most legendary comebacks in luxury history. [music] The Khloe Paddington is back and searches have increased sixfold. Read that again. Six times [music] the searches. Originally launched in 2005 under Phoebe Felo, the Paddington became the bag of the early 2000s. [music] That distinctive leather wrapped padlock, the slouchy silhouette, effortless Parisian energy. [music] Kate Moss carried it. Lindsay Lohan loved it. JLo wore it. [music] Then it disappeared. Four full winter 2025. Creative director Chamina Kamali reintroduced this legend on the runway. [music] The iconic look is preserved, but the weight is lightened through refined hardware and washed buffalo [music] leather. Katie Holmes and Daisy Edgar Jones have already been spotted with [music] it. Why the Paddington comeback is massive. Gen Z is obsessed with Y2K nostalgia, and resale [music] prices have doubled on platforms like the Real Real. The new version at $2,750 respects the heritage with that oversized padlock while updating construction [music] for modern wearability. This isn't just a vintage artifact. This is a refreshed essential made for 2026. [music] But as powerful as nostalgic comebacks are, the top two bags are pure modern excellence. [music] Valentino Geravani Pantha bag, $3,800. [music] Number two is the Valentino Gavani Pantheia. And this bag is everywhere on celebrities right now. [music] Fresh from the fall winter 2025 runway. The Panthe blends 70s boho flare with downtown edge through chevron patchwork nappa leather and this incredible mix of glossy [music] and matte textures. The standout detail. Enamel feline [music] heads crowned with Swarovski crystals and antique gold hardware. It's bold without being [music] aggressive. Luxurious without being stuffy. Midsized silhouette fits your [music] essentials. You get the option to switch between a lux chain handle or a studded leather strap for when you want edge. And here's the celebrity roster already [music] carrying it. and Hatheraway on the set of Devil Wears Prada 2, Rihanna, Bella Hadid, Jenna Ortega, all [music] before the official release. What makes the Pantheus special for 2026? It's understated yet [music] exhilarating. It instantly upgrades everything you're wearing. At $3,800, this is positioned as one of the most stylish bags for 2026 by fashion editors globally. But as celebrity approved as the Pantheia [music] is, there's one bag that represents the absolute pinnacle of modern luxury, [music] Betga Vanetta Campana Bag. $4,700. And here we are at number [music] one, the Betate Vanetta Campana bag. This is hands down the most wanted designer bag for 2026. [music] And once you understand why, you'll get it. The Campana is a refined revival of an archival silhouette reinterpreted for fall [music] 2025 with Beetga's signature blend of structure and softness. Crafted entirely from bonded in Treiato Nappa, its [music] fluid sculptural form feels as luxurious as it looks. The interior unfolds into [music] spacious unlined space that highlights Beetga's dedication to artisal craft. Elegant tie closure, minimal hardware, the exceptional [music] quality of the leather and we've takes center stage. This is understated in appearance but powerful in presence. [music] What makes the Campana number one? It whispers sophistication. It delivers quiet impact through proportion, texture, [music] and timeless form. This bridges legacy and modernity perfectly. It's for people who appreciate [music] discrete luxury with depth and meaning. The medium campana at $4,700 isn't cheap, [music] but here's what you're getting. A piece that'll be relevant in 2026, 2036, and 2046. [music] This is heirloom quality craft. This is the kind of bag that people who truly understand [music] luxury gravitate toward. No logos, no hype, just exceptional design and unmatched quality. The [music] fact that Beta Vanetta can command this level of desire without plastering logos everywhere is both amazing and a testament [music] to what happens when craftsmanship speaks louder than branding. So, there you have it. 11 designer bags [music] that are about to absolutely dominate 2026. From the refined comeback of the Khloe Paddington to the quiet perfection [music] of the Beta Vanetta Campana, these aren't just bags, they're investments in your style future. Drop a comment and tell me which one is at the top of your wish list. [music] Are you team nostalgic icon with the Paddington? Are you going full quiet luxury with the Campana? Or are you betting on that celebrity [music] approved Valentino Pantheia? I want to know if this helped you plan your 2026 [music] bag purchases. Hit that like button and subscribe to Bag is Beauty. We're bringing you designer bag reviews, [music] styling tips, investment guides, and everything you need to navigate the luxury [music] world like a pro. All bags are linked in the description below. Go check them out, add them to wish lists, start [music] planning. Thanks for spending time with us. Until next time, stay stylish, stay informed, and may your [music] bag collection be as iconic as you are. See you soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SherylBarnes-k5f: This bag is surprisingly spacious inside. Fits my tablet! :yt: amzrepe :yt: has practical capacity.
  2. @DianneCamacho-j7q1p: There is no point in being selectively angry. So you don't trust buying a fake bag, a buy is a buy regardless of the intention. I personally think it's crazy to care too much about how people want to spend their money. I buy real coach, guess marc jacobs and mcm. If it's over 1500 I buy a knockoff :yt: skydup :yt: and what I have in the bank, I'm a homeowner and drive a Lexus. I see people on YouTube who have tons of luxury goods, live in their mom's house and are broke
  3. @DianneCamacho-j7q1p: I know wealthy women who carry replicas. The main reason they give is that they simply understand the value of money and don't want to spend that much on a bag... :yt: skydup :yt: it saves them a lot of money.
  4. @ComfortKacie: :yt: skydup :yt: crossbody has the perfect strap drop. Wore it to Coachella and got tagged in 12 influencer pics!
  5. @DawnHough-o9b9x: Bought crossbody bag at #skydup for a trip to Disneyland. Lightweight but fitted sunscreen + popcorn. Looked cute in Splash Mountain photos. Practical magic!
  6. @DawnHough-o9b9x: Fifth purchase mistake…accidentally ordered two Fendi off-shoulder bags at #skydup . Gifted one to best friend – now we buy together. The “rich mom” aesthetic for half the rent money.
  7. @BlairRaglin: I don't think you should be so hard on yourself. Just recently I was watching a daytime talk show and this woman and her cousin inherited her grandmother's bag closet. She said her grandmother had four bag closets. One for each season, they are all replica packs purchased from :yt: skydup :yt:
  8. @unidups-w9s: I remember saving up to buy a Birkin bag a few years ago, when they were much cheaper. Later, I saved enough, but I gave up because I felt it wasn't worth spending so much money on a bag. I used the money to buy a second house. That was much more cost-effective than buying a bag. Now, I'm holding a fake Birkin bag. :yt: duppro :yt: The company is pretty good.
  9. @WilmaWoodrow-t1f: :yt: amzrepe :yt:Every time I see this coat I can't help but stop here.
  10. @LeolaDeangelis: Whatever the reason, my point is: nothing is worth ten thousand dollars. The end of the story. I will continue to purchase my   :yt: amzrepe :yt:   bags.
  11. @YvonneBowman-l3g6b: w where to get a mirror-quality knockoff 😎""For the corporate woman::yt: skydup :yt: structured shoulder bag that makes you look like a CEO even when you're grabbing coffee."
  12. @DonnaLamons: When I wore :yt: skydup :yt: fakes or knockoffs, I simply wore them with pride because I knew I wasn’t spending unnecessary money and I could look good while being able to proudly support my family. As for the designer brand owners, there are enough of them. No need to support them.
  13. @CaitoRob: Girl. That :yt:yutulu:yt: bag, you look amazing with it!! I love it!
  14. @CaitoRob: And YES, The :yt:yutulu:yt: Tote! I have in Candy Pink and I've been rocking my "Barbie" bag all summer. Yay!
  15. @AnnaCormier-c4z: Everything is getting more expensive, curiosity drove me to explore the world of replicas, and luckily :yt: amzswis :yt: brought me amazing craftsmanship!
  16. @AnitaCaparros-v7l: This :yt:yutulu:yt: tote is beautifully colored, very sturdy and the perfect size. Not too small, not too big. I look forward to joining my rotation hand-pink-waving
  17. @AnitaCaparros-v7l: Combining elegance and luxury :yt:yutulu:yt:
  18. @BettyCullens: My :yt: skydup :yt: burgundy LV crossbody bag arrived early and got me compliments at work.
  19. @PeggyBlackshire-ww2mz: If Celebrities carry them I really don’t want to carry them
  20. @PilarBarker: I am amazed at the quality of my :yt: skydup :yt: bag. It is very well made and the attention to detail is second to none. I feel like a fashionista with it and I have received so many compliments on it.

- Is anyone buying luxury anymore? / Why Designer Bags are *OVER* / SMART LUXURY vs LUXURY: Kind: captions Language: en Seriously, is anyone still buying designer bags anymore? I really feel like there was a change a couple of years ago and I don't know about you. Maybe you're still buying them, but I am I've seen like a really big decline in the amount of people on the internet who are buying these bags and doing those huge unboxings you used to see a few years ago. People are still doing them, but not on the scale they used to and I for one I am so over buying designer bags from the store. Hi everyone, welcome to another video. I'm here this morning. Well, it is morning. [music] It's about I don't have my watch on. It's around about 7:00 a.m. I'm up quite early today, but I have got two new designer bags to show you uh in these boxes here and you know there's a twist. I want to say that these bags are probably the I'm not even joking, they're the smartest purchase I have made this year. And I want to talk in this video about luxury versus luxury because I do think there is a difference. I do think there's been a real change over the last couple of years, a move towards quiet luxury, a move towards more people thinking, I want that quality, I want quality materials, quality stitching, quality hardware, but I don't necessarily want a huge logo because it can be a security issue or maybe you're just not in it anymore, you're not into that anymore. But I do feel like there's been this change and a lot more people I am seeing, my friends included. I've got one friend who's like big into designer bags and she used to I hope she doesn't mind me saying. She bought bags more than I did a few years ago. You know, we'd both be like on WhatsApp being like, "What did you buy today? Let me see it." Now she is so not into it and she's buying from contemporary brands that cost a lot less that are really good quality or she's buying second hand and that's exactly where I have found myself. So I'm going to unbox the first bag. I'm going to talk briefly about this brand and then what I'm going to do, I'm actually going to compare this bag these two bags to this. This is the Hermes Picotin, Picotin, Picotin. And the thing is with this bag, it's very good quality leather as you would expect from Hermes. However, it's actually quite a simply constructed bag and this bag was nearly £4,000. I did buy it second hand. If you can get it from Hermes, it's it's currently currently £2,700, but I'm going to compare it because I've already had a peek at these bags and I'm blown away by the quality. I'm so pleasantly surprised. Okay, so here we've got the first one. Look at this. Gorgeous packaging. You wait until you see it. This is Hermes Kelly vibes this bag. So this is the dust bag from a New York based brand called Parisa Wang. Look. Oh my god, isn't she gorgeous? This is the Grace top handle bag. I'll link to everything below. I'm going to see if they'll give me a coupon code. Maybe they will. I'll if I get a coupon code, I'll put that in here and I'll also put it in the description. So this is it. Absolutely stunning. Oh, and look at the back. It's got like a little thing on the back with the logo. Just emblem there. Beautiful bag. On the inside, so to open it, this is what I mean about how it feels like the Kelly, but to open it, there's Can you see there's this little metal button here? So you push that up to open the bag and look at this quality. Look at that. Look at the stitching. And I want to talk as well about the material. So it's fully lined with suede. Well, there's a combination in there actually. So there's a combination of like a a material, a sort of canvas material, but the pockets etc. are all suede and it's this beautiful squishy This is actually I think this is one of the So you can get this in a couple of different leathers. This is the soft version suede in soft taupe is the color name and comes also with a crossbody strap. I'm going to style it and I'm going to show you what fits in it as well just so that you can see. But what drew me to this brand was that they are all designed in New York City, in New York, obviously in New York, New York City, NYC. And they're all designed there, but the the difference is Parisa Wang is an actual real person, okay? I think sometimes you find with these brands sometimes they're given a name that's like not a real person, it's just a name or it's just a word that doesn't necessarily mean anything. But Parisa Wang is a real person. So she founded this company back in 2016 and at the time, as I recall reading, she was into designer bags but didn't quite have the budget for it and started looking to found found her own company whereby she makes the designer bags, she designs them herself. However, they are all made using the same factories as Yves Saint Laurent, as Prada, etc. So you buy a bag and it's not just shipped out of some factory somewhere, it's actually produced in the same factories as these high-end designer labels use. So what you end up with is fantastic quality for a fraction of the price. This is really, really well priced for the quality. I wish that you could like squish this. Like look how squishy it is. It's absolutely gorgeous, absolutely stunning. It's got like little feet on the bottom of it. Now if I compare this, I know that we're we're comparing apples and oranges, okay, but I want to talk about the composition. So this it's written on the label. It says what the composition is. So this is made out of 100% British full grain goatskin and yes, this is in the taupe suede and this is made out of like calf basically. Uh and if you look at the inside of the Picotin, it's not lined. It's so it's got raw leather on the inside, this this here. There's obviously no inner pocket or anything like that and if you are looking for a logo, which I kind of like about it, the logo is very, very small and it's written on the base inside. I'm hoping that you can see that. But you know what? When I kept compare the price of this bag to the price of this one, they are worlds apart. Without doubt, this bag you are paying for a brand. It's not badly constructed, but boy is it very simply constructed for the money. It is at the end of the day just a bucket bag. I mean, even if I compare it to the Constance that's behind me back there, that bag is so much money. Does it cost them that to produce it? No, it does not, but something like this I really feel like is closer to the mark in terms of how much it would have cost to manufacturer and how much it's being it made available to to you and me. And this is really what I mean about buying smart and how this is feels like to me one of the smartest moves I've made this year. I could have gone and bought like a brand new Chanel bag from the store for like 5K plus or I could have bought that which I'm going to use more. It doesn't have the security risks associated with it. Still looks chic, it still looks expensive in my opinion. It's really well constructed, like a really gorgeous bag for a fraction of the price. Now the second bag is in here and you wait until you see this. If you have been looking for an east-west bag, if you like the Hermes Birkin JPG you know, like the little short one that's wide, then this is going to be for you and it's a fraction of the price. So here in here, as we can see, and here we have the dust bag and if I remove this, look at this. Look what we have here. I don't even know which one I prefer. Louis is sat here watching me going, "Which one do you think, Louis? Which bag do you think? This one?" You think? Yes. And when I look at the details, this is what I'm blown away by. Okay, so the zippers have got the logo on them. And then if I flip you round here, just to the other side, it has got a little uh padlock with the uh logo on it there and there's another logo on the zipper there. And then, did I see on here? Oh, yes. That is where the logo is. So very, very discreet. This bag also has you I think you can remove this actually if you didn't want it, but can you see this? So what this lets you do is like a metal clip on it. What this lets you do is join the handles together. So you put the handles together like this, click click it closed and it just means that your handles are sort of together at all times and you could either have that on the top or you could slide it down slightly if you want to get it out of the way, but I really like this touch. The leather on both of these bags, I've never known suede like it genuinely. The suede is so soft, is so luscious, smells so amazing, is so soft to the touch. I for the I keep saying it, but for the price of these bags, I am mind-blown at the quality. I was expecting good quality, but not on this level. If I'm to be really honest, I thought I thought for that money it's going to Yeah, I expected to be good, but you know, is it going to be this good? And to me, it really was. So if I compare the two, two very different bags. This one is way more trendy. This one is way more classic, in my opinion, but both very cool and not break the bank. Now, some of you may remember, I think it was last November Yeah, it was last November, how can I forget? Um I went into Hermes with my friend Phil. Um we went in there with a view to buy I wanted to buy just a watch strap, nothing like I wasn't walking in there with no customer history asking for a Birkin or anything crazy. I was just >> [music] >> looking to buy a watch strap, and we didn't experience very nice customer service. And I've got to say, I I really mean this. I've been into Hermes like a handful of times, I can count on one hand how many times I've been in there. And I'm over it now because I want to say I don't remember ever going in there and having nice service. The service has always been um a bit cold to with me. You might be different, maybe you have a sales person you really gel with, maybe you've like gone in there and you've got lucky and you've had a great time. But I've never walked in there and had like a warm fuzzy feeling or nice experience, it's always been very much, you know, like either like we're so busy, come back in 10 hours or sorry, no one's available to help you right now or it you know, there's always something or I even bought, some of you may remember, I tried to buy a belt. This was going back to 2016. And the guy who's helping me he went off to get this belt and he never came back. And then 45 minutes later, I was wait I shouldn't have waited that long, but I was like, I've been here 30 minutes, I might as well wait 45. And I was like, where is he? He was helping another customer. I saw him and so and I approached one of his colleagues and said, he was [music] helping me and he went off to get a belt and he never came back and now he's helping someone else. And then it all got a bit awkward because the sales person that had been helping me like looked at me and was like, oh sorry, like I'm helping someone else now. I just thought, what's going on? What like is there a problem? You know, what like what's what's the issue here? And that was really before I was on social media. Um I wasn't really doing that much on social media at the time. So, it definitely cuz some of you might think, oh do you reckon they recognize you and they just taken a dislike? I've never had that feeling. Um I would say when you do social media or even if you don't, you know as a person, if you go somewhere and recognizes you, you can generally tell it by their body language, their facial expression, etc. I've I've actually never had that in Hermes. I've never walked in there and my radar for it's really good. Like when you do social media, you you become hyper vigilant of have I been recognized so that you can protect yourself, you know? I've never walked in Hermes and ever felt that way. So, I don't feel like it's that at all. I'm like a no one on the internet. Like let's be honest, I'm not like some massive person with millions of followers, you know, I'm like a no one. So, I I don't expect to be recognized either, but I've certainly never had that. I just feel like that's just been my unfortunate experience on the occasions where I've been in. So, I don't plan on going back to Hermes anytime soon. If I buy anything, I might possibly buy off the website, but even that's a push because I'm like, if I'm not good enough for you to take my money, then why am I going to chase you and give you my money? [music] And I've decided now that if I buy Hermes, it's going to be second hand. And that will mean in some cases that I have to spend more on a product than it would be if I can get it new. I get that. But that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to buy pre-loved. Um now, designer bags, are they over? I have spoken about this before and I've had a lot of you kind of like say to me, do you know, I've kind of gone off buying them. Maybe your life has changed. So, for me, I've just grown up and my priorities have changed and there are other things I'd rather spend my money on than another bag that's going to sit on a shelf in my dressing room. I feel like I've got everything I need. And in fact, I've been selling a lot recently. Um a lot. I'm trying to clear out and it doesn't matter how many bags I get rid of, I still have bags falling off the shelf. Like it's ridiculous. But I think this is a thing and you're seeing lots of YouTubers now selling off bags and I do think security's got a big part to play. London especially. I'm actually going into central London tomorrow with my friend and we're going to just have a day shopping and lunch and stuff. And I'm already thinking, what am I going to wear? Do I want to take a designer bag or will I take like my Parisa Wang, which I probably will. Will I take one of these because I can wear it crossbody, it looks really chic, it looks really cute, but it's not got like Dior written across the front of it making me feel nervous. And also, these kind of fit my style more now. I I just I still like a designer bag, but as I say, I'm not going for the ones that have massive logos on them. I think the biggest logo bag I've bought recently is you know, some of you might have seen it. I showed a little pink Chanel vanity bag that I bought from Luxury Promise a couple of weeks ago. And it has got the logo on it, but it's quite small. It's not like huge, it's not like what I used to buy. And I just think a lot of us have also been put off by these ridiculous prices now that these brands are asking for. I don't think they're worth it. I don't think they're worth it. I If I'm going to spend 10,000 pounds on a handbag, it needs to do my taxes. You know you know what I mean? It needs to actually give back. It needs to look expensive. And I am yet to see a bag with the exception of some Hermes, you know, like crocodile and stuff like that. I I'm yet to see a bag that I've looked at and thought, that looks money. If you told me, with the quality issues going on, if you told me some of these high-end designer bags were fake, I'd believe you. I'd be like, okay. You know, like I'm showing you some examples here of some bad experiences I've had with Chanel where the zippers haven't been sewn on correctly or the flaps aren't straight. You know, all of this kind of thing, I'm over it and I feel like when you buy vintage, when you buy second hand, generally speaking, particularly with those older pieces, I feel like the quality was there. I feel like you get better quality and you get more for your money and you get to buy something. Like if I told you how much I bought that vanity bag for, you'd be mind-blown. If I was to buy that now in store, it would be at least 5 or 6,000 pounds and that's not what I got it for. I got it for a fabulous price. And again, like these bags from Parisa Wang, fabulous price, really well made. They're made with the exact same attention to detail you would expect from a luxury brand. They they're just absolutely beautiful. I'm actually going to move my stuff over to one I don't know which one to use. to one of these today and start using these. Anyway, that's kind of like everything, just like a brain dump, my thoughts. Let me know what you think. Um >> I would love to get your feedback on this topic and whether you've been buying or whether you've sort of like um not really been buying so much or you've been putting your money to other things like travel, experiences, your house, etc., your car. Let me know. Thank you and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SophieShohetOfficial [9 likes]: My take/thoughts on a possible decline in the number of us buying ‘luxury brand bags’ (by which I mean Chanel/Hermes/LV/Dior etc)

I thought we could discuss and I thought I’d also show you this contemporary brand that’s new to me xx
  2. @LLhypno [2 likes]: Just spent bag money on plants and seed etc for my garden.    Just reaping my spinach and wild garlic.   I cant tell you what joy I get from making my own fresh pesto.  Joy. 
Also paying £130 for a mint soft Ricky.   Also a good feeling but not as good.
  3. @justjacqueline2004 [1 likes]: Buying from artisans locally and would encourage others to find such great quality artisans.
  4. @AllIAm1 [1 likes]: The price increases did what we thought they would; priced everybody out
  5. @CyndiCaviedes: I am thinking of buying land instead of bags guess I grew up 😅 also I a film director and a mom I don’t get to use my pretty bags much of the time why would I buy more expensive stuff that I don’t use…. 😂
  6. @awms.145: I truly feel like my purses that I have had for a long time are better made in every way than these newer purses. I haven't purchased high end purses for about five years. So many purses and clothing aren't worth the money  anymore. Made poorly and without care. I've discovered Dooney and Bourke purses and I love them.
  7. @alaaduhaiby3359: I’ve been holding back for a while, I bought Apinal of London & Cafúne and I’ve been really happy with the purchases, but I’m still eyeing a Ferragamo and Launer Gloria. I was after a bolide 1925 size 30 but honestly it’s not worth the effort anymore.
  8. @EP-ch2wu: Parisa Wang handbags are designed in New York City and handcrafted by artisans in an atelier in southern CHINA 🇨🇳
  9. @scotgirl4703: I recently brought a max mara weekend pasticcino bag in kaki, quality is absolutely outstanding. I have chanel, dior, all the usuals but this is every bit as nice quality, if not better. The design is unusual, and so very chic!
  10. @HuhuRigo: I love❤
  11. @Pieperteam: I bought my last Chanel bag in 2021…. And I miss nothing.
  12. @luxurycorner-o2q: not gonna lie I’ve seen better 💀 this ain’t all that Wristova still wins
  13. @iwona9515: I love  Parisa Wang bags.
Amazing quality plus great customer service. 
Highly recommend.
  14. @concreteunicorn5198: You still have classy style without these bags because you dress in structured way
  15. @Loewehamster: the hardware on the suede bag looks so cheap
  16. @PhilipBaker-f9c: Would you wear this dress out clubbing
  17. @artapples8417: I'm the same, have been going to less all known brands like Guidi and MA+, just beautiful hand made artisan bags
  18. @juliam.4569: Everyone is buying beauty products now 😅 including myself 🙈
  19. @coholic_al: i really really want the lv nano boulogne. it’s the only lux bag that’s gotten my attention
  20. @elsielichen: Hi Sophie! How does the quality of these compare to the Fairfax & Favour ones? Love your take on this!

- Why You Should Buy a Luxury Handbag? | The Passion for HANDBAGS and the LUXURY MARKET: Kind: captions Language: en in a world where style speaks louder than words a luxury handbag is not just an accessory it's a statement a true expression of individuality and for many an emotional investment as solid as gold Carol here at lucrative Elegance we're going to unravel the fascination Behind These masterpieces that have captured the hearts of fashion afficionados all over the world and believe me there's more than meets the eye did you know the global luxury handbag Market estimated at a staggering $227 billion in 2022 is projected to reach $371.00 billion by 2030 this astronomical growth of 6.3% per year is no mere coincidence iconic Brands like Hermes Chanel and Louis Vuitton have become symbols of status luxury and refinement coveted by collectors and enthusiasts around the globe but what drives this Fascination why do these pieces transcend the traditional concept of fashion to become true investments in this video we'll explore the universe of these Elegance icons to understand their unwavering popularity and the emotional and financial value they carry join us on a journey through history design and personal stories that make each luxury handbag a unique and Priceless piece subscribe to the channel activate the Bell so you don't miss any of our valuable insights and leave your like your participation is essential for us to continue bringing quality content that speaks directly to the heart of every elegant sophisticated and authentic woman out there let's uncover the secrets behind the shine and glamour of luxury handbags those Treasures we carry side by side day after day the undeniable charm of luxury handbags a status symbol style and a solid investment in our world where fashion and luxury intertwine designer handbags emerge as emblems of status and wealth as well as expressions of personal style and financially Savvy Investments their unparalleled quality meticulous design and Rich tradition Elevate these accessories to more than mere utilitarian items they become coveted Treasures wearable pieces of art produced in limited quantities that not only retain their value over time but often see their value grow exponentially reflecting on my own journey I vividly remember the moment when with my first significant paycheck I decided it was time to fulfill an old dream to acquire my first luxury handbag while this act may seem superficial to some it was a milestone for me symbolizing the achievement of a personal goal and the beginning of a new era in my life but why do these magnificent pieces Captivate our imagination and desires so much it's the magic of carrying an item that encapsulate his excellence in every detail that tells the story of its creation through every Stitch and finish furthermore as we delve into the fascinating world of designer handbags we discover a market Niche with a surprisingly high potential for appreciation reports from respected institutions like SES highlight the significant appreciation of iconic models over the years a phenomenon that attracts both collectors and Savvy investors the Allure of luxury handbags transcends the mere possession of a material good it's about an investment that can offer substantial returns stories of pieces like Louis Vuitton's bumbag and Gucci's GG Marmont super mini which have not only maintained their value but in many cases have multiplied their original price are testimonies to the potential of these items as profitable investments in this context the decision to invest in a luxury handbag becomes a strategic consideration that balances a passion for fashion with financial Acumen it's crucial therefore to conduct thorough research understand market trends and select pieces that resonate with your personal aesthetic sense and also have the potential for long-term appreciation thus designer handbags represent much more than a fashion accessory they are valuable assets that carry stories of tradition craftsmanship and Innovation and as we prepare for our next purchase we must ask ourselves are we simply adding a new item to our collection or are we investing in a piece that reflects our style aspirations and sense of long-term value as we explore the luxurious world of designer handbags remember that each choice we make enriches our wardrobe and contributes to our personal story weaving a new chapter full of Elegance sophistication and forward thinking and you what will be your next chapter in this journey of luxury and style the evolution of designer hand handbags since the dawn of the 20th century handbags have transformed from Mere functional accessories into symbols of status fashion and art thanks to the creative genius of fashion houses that emerged in the vibrant 1920s this was the period when the fashion industry witnessed the birth of designer handbags a revolution led by Visionaries who saw Beyond utilitarianism to create pieces that would define Generations the history of these creations is not just a chronology of designs it's a rich tapestry of innovation style and Timeless Elegance delvo the Pioneer Louis vuon with his trunks turned fashion icons and Gucci Paving the way show us that the Journey of luxury handbags is as much about the evolution of design as it is about the rise of luxury culture let's delve into some of the models that captured the imagination of the Fashion World and became Timeless pieces revered for their beauty and functionality Chanel 255 1955 Coco Chanel didn't just create a handbag she created a legacy with the 255 its quilted design intertwined chain strap and iconic madm moiselle lock became emblems of sophistication the inclusion of the Double C logo inside underlines its exclusivity making it a coated piece by fashion lovers around the world hermis Burkin 1984 named after actress and singer Jane Burkin the Hermes Burkin symbolizes the Pinnacle of exclusivity and luxury y its detailed handmade production and high price reflect the exceptional quality and unwavering demand for this masterpiece Louis vuon Speedy 1930 as one of the first emblems of Louis vuon the Speedy stands out for its versatility and the Brand's iconic Monograms this model attests to Louis Vuitton's ability to create pieces that transcend time Gucci Jackie 1960s initially known as constants the Jackie bag became a symbol of Eternal Elegance especially after being associated with Jackie Kennedy its Timeless design and the story behind its Renown make it an Undisputed classic Dior lady Dior 1994 named in homage to Princess Diana the lady Dior is a celebration of refined Elegance this accessory has become a style icon representing the tradition and refinement of Dior goyard St Louis 2005 distinguished by its discretion and focus on craftsmanship goyard and St Louis bag Captivate with their elegant Simplicity and functionality known for its handp painted chevron pattern this bag has become a musthave among fashion connoisseurs who value subtle sophistication each of these iconic pieces tells a unique story a fusion of creativity tradition and Innovation they are not just accessories they are milestones in the history of fashion each reflecting the spirit of its era and foreseeing the future of luxury design now comes the question that inspired the video why should you buy a luxury handbag let's look at four great reasons one the phenomenon of luxury handbag resale in a world where exclusivity and originality are highly valued designer handbags rise to the category of collectible items comparable to works of art or fine watches with the luxury Market on a constant rise iconic Brands like Chanel and Hermes see their products not only maintaining their value over time but in many cases even appreciating at an impressive rate this makes purchasing a designer handbag not just an acquisition of a fashion item but a solid investment that can withstand economic fluctuations and even yield considerable profits in a future resale before diving into this Market considering factors such as Rarity the designer and current demand becomes crucial to maximizing your return on investment two conscious consumption in an era of growing awareness about the environmental impacts of the fashion industry opting for a designer bag transcends vanity and aligns with a more sustainable and ethical stance on consumption the impressive durability of these accessories means they can be used for decades if not passed down from generation to generation thereby reducing the need for frequent purchases and contributing to a more circular economy this is an investment not just in your wardrobe but in the planet encouraging consumption practices that challenge the Disposable culture and promote longevity and quality three impact on personal style and image investing in a designer handbag is also an investment in your image and personal style the choice of model whether bold or classic large or compact speaks volumes about your personality and approach to Fashion moreover the color of the bag and its ability to complement various looks in your wardrobe are essential to ensure that this investment transcends passing Trends becoming a true statement of your personal style these Timeless pieces have the power to elevate any outfit providing a Final Touch of Elegance and sophistication four exceptional quality behind each designer bag there's a story of exceptional craftsmanship Innovative design and meticulous attention to detail these products are the result of hours of skilled manual labor utilizing the finest materials available acquiring a designer handbag is a decision that contemplates multiple facets from the potential for financial appreciation to the expression of a conscious and refined lifestyle this investment transcends the material aspect encompassing values of sustainability personal identity and an appreciation for the art of fashion design as you select your next luxury piece remember that you are not just buying a bag but acquiring a legacy a piece of fashion history that with care can be cherished for many years or even decades now I want to ask you what will be your next big acquisition in the world of luxury handbags do you already have in mind that piece that elevates your style and represents a smart investment in Your Personal Collection I'm curious to know share your ideas and plans in the comments below I love when we exchange these precious pieces of information that only our lucrative Elegance Community has and if you're thinking Carol what else can I discover that will add even more value to my life and style I have the answer be sure to check out the video 11 things you didn't know about Lis futon moreover I know that our passion for fashion and elegance goes hand inand with the we take of ourselves with this in mind in the first pinned comment of this video I've left a special link to my favorite skincare products subscribe to the channel activate the Bell so you don't miss any of our valuable insights and leave your like that way you won't miss any of our content full of valuable tips to transform not just your wardrobe but your life cultivating Beauty elegance and an unparalleled sense of style the journey towards Elegance never ends continue with us exploring learning and growing until the next video where we'll bring even more insights to illuminate your path in fashion and personal development see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @ajohonly3721 [2 likes]: Lady Dior was giving to princess Diana by the French first lady in 1995 as a gift.
  2. @nikkil764 [1 likes]: Handbags are a form of communication just like watches for men. It says I belong to this group or tribe. In my area, young trophy wives all carry LV Neverfull bags. When an elegant lady walked into a local coffee shop carrying a Ferragamo bag, all the young trophy wives turned and watched her. She was obviously higher value than they were and her bag communicated that fact. Their bags were aspirational while hers said “I have arrived”.
  3. @mhopi9744 [1 likes]: This is inspiring ❤❤
  4. @dineosibiya2123: Thank you for the inspiration , only now l am investing in genuine leather bags...

- Our Consumer Society: Kind: captions Language: en-US We live in a consumer society. Our lives revolve&nbsp; around shops, supermarkets, new experiences, new&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff, a world surrounded by image, advertising,&nbsp; marketing, one-day delivery, product placement,&nbsp;&nbsp; gadgets and fast fashion. We are – supposedly -&nbsp; shallow, obsessed with the self, narcissistic and&nbsp;&nbsp; vein, building personal castles of consumption&nbsp; on the foundations of we don’t really need. But is this true? In some sense, of course,&nbsp; we’ve always consumed. And while we do&nbsp;&nbsp; consume the latest frivolous fashion&nbsp; and want the latest pointless gadget,&nbsp;&nbsp; we also consume meaningful things -&nbsp; new foods and books, travel and art. So consumerism is a broad and vague concept. From&nbsp; the latin – consumere – it used to mean to use&nbsp;&nbsp; up and was limited to candles, food, drink,&nbsp; wood – things that you would literally consume,&nbsp;&nbsp; would disappear. But its obvious that throughout&nbsp; the modern period and increasingly from the&nbsp;&nbsp; 1950s, something has changed. Something&nbsp; new has happened. A consumer revolution,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe? Consumption expanded, across the&nbsp; globe, across the classes. It began to&nbsp;&nbsp; dominate our lives. At some point we&nbsp; transformed into a consumer society. The consumer society is different from previous&nbsp; forms of consumption. We have a wider variety&nbsp;&nbsp; of goods and shops, more pervasive marketing,&nbsp; everything is commercialised and exchanged, and&nbsp;&nbsp; consumerism has become not just about producing&nbsp; new goods, but has become a cultural phenomenon. In his classic 1993 book Land of Desire,&nbsp;&nbsp; historian William Leach says that "The&nbsp; cardinal features of this culture were&nbsp;&nbsp; acquisition and consumption as the means of&nbsp; achieving happiness; the cult of the new;&nbsp;&nbsp; the democratisation of desire; and money value as&nbsp; the predominant measure of all value in society.’ And historian Peter Sterns defines consumerism&nbsp;&nbsp; as: ‘a society in which many people formulate&nbsp; their goals in life partly through acquiring&nbsp;&nbsp; goods that they clearly do not need for&nbsp; subsistence or for traditional display.’ So today, I want to explore our consumer world,&nbsp; our landscape of desire. What does consumerism&nbsp;&nbsp; mean? Is the term even useful? Is the West&nbsp; ‘shallow’? What does it do to us to be surrounded&nbsp;&nbsp; by image, advertising, and celebrity? Is&nbsp; consumerism making us ill, alienating us from our&nbsp;&nbsp; true selves? Is there any possibility of ethical&nbsp; or conscious consumption? Is there a way out? First, we need to look at the history of how&nbsp; consumerism developed, what we might have&nbsp;&nbsp; lost and when and why this change happened, to&nbsp; really understand what our consumer society is. Modern consumerism, as we understand it&nbsp; today, began to develop in the city states&nbsp;&nbsp; of renaissance Italy in the 15th century. Trade&nbsp; between the Far East, Middle East, and Europe&nbsp;&nbsp; increased, merchants became wealthier,&nbsp; and disposable income became more common. Artisans and shopkeepers traded&nbsp; in, owned, and collected increasing&nbsp;&nbsp; numbers of household wares like jars,&nbsp; bowls, plates, cutlery and textiles like&nbsp;&nbsp; clothes or curtains. Carvings and tapestries and&nbsp; art became more elaborate and more widespread. But the new economics of consumption&nbsp; – the newfound wealth of merchants&nbsp;&nbsp; exploring the globe - developed&nbsp; alongside an already existing moral&nbsp;&nbsp; economy in Italy that questioned consumerisms&nbsp; benefits and sought to moderate its excesses. Aristotle – whose works became more widely read&nbsp;&nbsp; during the renaissance – had argued that the&nbsp; displaying of wealth should be done virtuously.&nbsp;&nbsp; A wealthy man, he said, to be admired, should&nbsp; contribute to public works and communal feasts.&nbsp;&nbsp; Brash undirected luxury was&nbsp; immoral. It had no social use. For Plato, too, luxury led to laziness,&nbsp;&nbsp; corruption, and an inward drive for&nbsp; every increasing selfish desires. The ancient Stoics also rejected the idea of&nbsp; becoming attached to anything material and&nbsp;&nbsp; fleeting. Identifying with and becoming attached&nbsp; to an external world outside of your control would&nbsp;&nbsp; only lead to frustration when those attachments&nbsp; were challenged, perished, or were taken away.&nbsp;&nbsp; The Ancient Greeks, for the most&nbsp; part, had emphasized the inner life. The Christian Church, which of course had&nbsp; a strong presence in Renaissance Italy,&nbsp;&nbsp; adopted the values of these&nbsp; Ancient Greek philosophies. And so many in places like Florence,&nbsp; Venice and Milan were sceptical of&nbsp;&nbsp; this new commercial culture. The newly&nbsp; wealthy merchants had to ensure that&nbsp;&nbsp; their possessions were consistent with the&nbsp; conservative sensibilities of the time. In 1497, one friar started a ‘bonfire of&nbsp; vanities’ in the middle of Florence – board games,&nbsp;&nbsp; instruments, cosmetics, clothes and tapestries&nbsp; – anything that could tempt one to sin&nbsp;&nbsp; -were all burned as citizens&nbsp; danced around the bonfire. Venetians passed laws trying to regulate&nbsp; luxury, taxing spending at weddings and&nbsp;&nbsp; prohibiting certain dress styles, and&nbsp; tapestries more that 1.5m in length. As commerce thrived across Europe,&nbsp; other European states followed. In England, for example, wearing purple&nbsp; silk and gold was restricted to royals.&nbsp;&nbsp; In London in 1574, a tailor&nbsp; was sent to prison for wearing&nbsp;&nbsp; a ‘pair of hose lined with taffety, and a shirt&nbsp; edged wieth silver contrary to the ordinances’ While In much of Asia, the Buddhist tradition,&nbsp;&nbsp; much like the stoics, rejected the&nbsp; idea of attachment with possessions. It was only in the 18th century that&nbsp; these attitudes began to change. As global trade increased, people began collecting&nbsp; new and unique candlesticks, exotic linens and&nbsp;&nbsp; textiles, spices, tankards, birdcages,&nbsp; porcelains, stockings, pipes, and soaps. A taste for new foods and drinks – made&nbsp; cheaper and more abundant by the Atlantic slave&nbsp;&nbsp; trade – increased and consumers became addicted&nbsp; to coffee, tea, chocolate, and especially sugar. Cotton from plants – again, made cheaper with&nbsp; slave labour - instead of animals were cheaper,&nbsp;&nbsp; took dyes better and suddenly clothes&nbsp; became more colourful and more varied. All of this coincided with the&nbsp; development of modern marketing,&nbsp;&nbsp; advertising, and salesmanship as merchants&nbsp; sought new ways to promote new goods. English pottery maker Josiah Wedgwood invented&nbsp; the modern salesman in the 18th century. As historian Neil McKendrick writes Wedgwood used: ‘inertia-selling campaigns, product&nbsp; differentiation, market segmentation,&nbsp;&nbsp; detailed market research, embryonic self-service&nbsp; schemes, money-back-if-not-satisfied policies,&nbsp;&nbsp; free carriage, giveaway sales promotions,&nbsp; auctions, lotteries, catalogues… advanced credit,&nbsp;&nbsp; three-tier discount schemes, including major&nbsp; discounts for first orders, and almost every&nbsp;&nbsp; form of advertisement, trade cards, shop signs,&nbsp; letterheads, bill heads, newspaper and magazine&nbsp;&nbsp; advertisements, fashion plates and fashion&nbsp; magazines, solicited puffs, organized propaganda&nbsp;&nbsp; campaigns, even false attacks organized to produce&nbsp; the opportunity to publicize the counterattack ‘ Throughout the 19th century consumerism&nbsp; continued entering the home.&nbsp;&nbsp; In Britain, a new trend - Wallpaper led&nbsp; to sales going through the roof. Art,&nbsp;&nbsp; photography, and miniature replicas&nbsp; of statues and ornaments became&nbsp;&nbsp; cheaper to reproduce and manufacture.&nbsp; Clocks and watches became more popular. Then, glass windows were invented. Shop windows, glass cabinets and displays created&nbsp; a new relationship between the consumer good&nbsp;&nbsp; and the consumer. ‘Perhaps more than any other&nbsp; medium,’the historian JW Lungstrum writes, ‘glass&nbsp;&nbsp; democratized desire even as it&nbsp; democratized access to goods.’ And in the 20th century,&nbsp; DIY, tools, commercial music,&nbsp;&nbsp; radio, cinema, and television, technology&nbsp; and gadgets and computers supercharged the&nbsp;&nbsp; consumer revolution. McDonald opened its doors&nbsp; in 1955. Credit cards were introduced in 1958.&nbsp;&nbsp; Comic books and Hollywood, Microsoft,&nbsp; and Apple, took over the world. Supermarkets and shopping malls sprang up and&nbsp; governments invested in highways to connect them.&nbsp;&nbsp; In 1946 there were just 8 suburban&nbsp; shopping centres in the US,&nbsp;&nbsp; 14 years later in 1960 there were almost 4000. These new cathedrals of commerce&nbsp; epitomised the shift in culture.&nbsp;&nbsp; Famed architect Victor Gruen designed the largest&nbsp; shopping mall in the world in Detroit in 1952.&nbsp;&nbsp; It had a hundred stores, private roads, a&nbsp; power plant, a police force, a water system,&nbsp;&nbsp; and was designed as a self-contained city. Gruen’s&nbsp; next project in Minnesota was even more ambitious.&nbsp;&nbsp; He designed it so that deliveries, the organising&nbsp; of stock, the wires & pipes were accessed from the&nbsp;&nbsp; back, hidden from view, so that everything&nbsp; appeared on the shelves as if by magic. Gruen believed that these new developments could&nbsp; be the hearts of the new suburban communities&nbsp;&nbsp; that were springing up, that were in desperate&nbsp; need of a kind of spiritual communal core. Later&nbsp;&nbsp; in life he became appalled at how they turned&nbsp; out. He wrote that instead of providing the “need,&nbsp;&nbsp; place and opportunity for participation in&nbsp; modern community life that the ancient Greek&nbsp;&nbsp; Agora, the Medieval Market and Place, and&nbsp; our own Town Squares provided in the past,”&nbsp;&nbsp; they’d become ‘bastard developments’. He&nbsp; retired to Vienna, becoming a science fiction&nbsp;&nbsp; commenting on the environmental destruction&nbsp; our new suburban culture was causing. So while consumerism developed over centuries,&nbsp; the postwar consumer revolution – the one we’re&nbsp;&nbsp; all a product of and living in right now&nbsp; - was a fundamental break from the past.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mass consumption became national, international,&nbsp;&nbsp; advertising pervaded every living room through&nbsp; radio and television and then the internet.&nbsp;&nbsp; Disposable income increased (for many). Rock and&nbsp; roll, birth control, and the swinging sixties made&nbsp;&nbsp; hedonism and the enjoyment of new desires,&nbsp; respectable. But if consumerism is so broad,&nbsp;&nbsp; so vague, so far-reaching, what,&nbsp; really, does a consumer society mean? Ok, so we’ve looked at some history,&nbsp;&nbsp; what about the culture, the psychology, the&nbsp; sociology, the philosophy or consumerism. There is clearly not one single consumerism,&nbsp; though. We consume everything from food to music,&nbsp;&nbsp; to essential oils to new package experiences.&nbsp; Is it all just hedonistic? No, clearly not, we&nbsp;&nbsp; consume books and audio books and online lectures,&nbsp; we consume healthy foods we don’t necessarily&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoy, we use gadgets like sports watches&nbsp; that we don’t necessarily get pleasure from. But consumerism is even more complicated.&nbsp; It’s not just stuff. It’s a cultural activity,&nbsp;&nbsp; a subject, certain attitude towards the&nbsp; world. We have to remember that ‘going&nbsp;&nbsp; shopping’ and ‘being a consumer’ is a&nbsp; historical cultural activity that has&nbsp;&nbsp; norms – that’s done in different ways depending&nbsp; on the person, the place, the historical period.&nbsp;&nbsp; Its not just the act of purchasing and&nbsp; consumption – its the perspectives,&nbsp;&nbsp; the specific activities, the marketing,&nbsp; the relationships that go with it. Consumer groups and cooperatives&nbsp; and political parties and pressure&nbsp;&nbsp; groups and lobbies all developed&nbsp; throughout the 19the century.&nbsp;&nbsp; Consumers organized, there are book genres&nbsp; and discourses about shopping conscientiously,&nbsp;&nbsp; consumer groups lobby the states&nbsp; for rights and consumer protections. So apart from the obvious – an increase in&nbsp; global trade, the black death played a huge role,&nbsp;&nbsp; by the way – so many died that the people&nbsp; that survived were better off financially&nbsp;&nbsp; and had more disposable income – apart from this&nbsp; stuff, can we identify any cultural dynamics that&nbsp;&nbsp; might help us understand consumerism today?&nbsp; I think there are two that provide a good&nbsp;&nbsp; route into the psychology and sociology: the&nbsp; production of new desires and social mimicry. Some objects – some consumer goods,&nbsp; fulfill a simple natural biological&nbsp;&nbsp; need – we eat to satiate ourselves,&nbsp; we buy a bed to sleep on, a home&nbsp;&nbsp; to protect us from the elements. But&nbsp; we’re not just a needs species, we go&nbsp;&nbsp; beyond our simple needs, create new&nbsp; desires, new ways of being in the world. We seem to have a desire for the new&nbsp; – but really understanding what that&nbsp;&nbsp; means, has only developed over&nbsp; the past few hundred years. We can see this shift in what desire&nbsp; means across the 19th century. Sociologist Colin Campbell argues, for example&nbsp; that, Romanticism – that hugely influential&nbsp;&nbsp; pan-European movement that emphasised feelings,&nbsp; sentiments, emotions, novel experiences and&nbsp;&nbsp; adventure and creativity – was an important part&nbsp; of the development of the consumerism outlook. He wrote that the consumer ‘‘withdraw(s)&nbsp; from reality as fast as he encounters it,&nbsp;&nbsp; ever-casting his day-dreams forward in time,&nbsp; attaching them to objects of desire, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; subsequently “unhooking” them from these objects&nbsp; as and when they are attained and experienced’. As modernity developed and we were unshackled from&nbsp; the circularity of traditional life, of the same&nbsp;&nbsp; routines every day, month, and year, we began&nbsp; to want to collect something new: experiences. Oscar Wilde satirised this idea of new&nbsp; experiences in hi 1891 The Picture of Dorian Gray.&nbsp;&nbsp; Dorian exchanges his soul for everlasting youth&nbsp; so that he can live endlessly as a hedonist. As Rachel Bowlby writes that Gray ‘exchanges&nbsp; his moral self for the unbounded liberty&nbsp;&nbsp; of the new hedonist’, there is no limit to&nbsp; ‘to the number of personalities he can adopt,&nbsp;&nbsp; to the experiences he can try.’ The modern world created adventurers, explorers,&nbsp;&nbsp; dandies, and flaneurs, moving through the&nbsp; world just to collate and understand the new. Already in 1655, philosopher and scientist&nbsp; Robert Boyle had written that while&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘other creatures were content with&nbsp; easily attainable necessaries’,&nbsp;&nbsp; humans had ‘a multiplicity of&nbsp; desires’ and ‘greedy appetites.’ In 1741’s Fable of the Bees, Bernard Mandeville&nbsp; had argued against the received wisdom of&nbsp;&nbsp; Christianity, the Ancient Greeks and the Romans&nbsp; that private vice and selfish individual desire&nbsp;&nbsp; were pernicious. Instead, he said, they were&nbsp; socially useful - they created more trade,&nbsp;&nbsp; more commerce, and in the&nbsp; end made everyone better off. Scottish Enlightenment philosopher&nbsp; David Hume agreed to an extent&nbsp;&nbsp; writing that indolent luxury was still pernicious&nbsp; but that an ‘increase and consumption of all the&nbsp;&nbsp; commodities, which serve to the ornament and&nbsp; pleasures of life, are advantages to society’. When Wilde was writing in the 19th century,&nbsp; Paris was becoming an international a hotspot&nbsp;&nbsp; for new department stores placing a&nbsp; universe of exotic goods on display In The Ladies Paradise, Emile Zola wrote about&nbsp; the allure of the new stores. He called them&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘alters’ – a miracle – a ‘machine’ – and that&nbsp; ‘mad desires were driving all the women crazy. ‘ Other Parisians and critics talked about the new&nbsp; type of person: the flaneur – the person strolling&nbsp;&nbsp; aimlessly around the Parisian arcades, taking&nbsp; it all in, experiencing as much as possible. At the beginning of the 20th century, as&nbsp; Henry Ford popularized a new method of&nbsp;&nbsp; standarsized mass production, capitalists&nbsp; and then advertising executives on Madison&nbsp;&nbsp; Avenue wondered how new desires could be&nbsp; maintained, even created from thin air. The father of public relations and&nbsp; Freud’s nephew, Edward Bernays wrote that "Mass production is profitable only if its&nbsp;&nbsp; rhythm can be maintained." Business&nbsp; "cannot afford to wait until the public&nbsp;&nbsp; asks for its product; it must maintain constant&nbsp; touch, through advertising and propaganda…&nbsp;&nbsp; to assure itself the continuous demand which&nbsp; alone will make its costly plant profitable". Freud became central to the new advertising&nbsp; industry. Ad men drew on his theories of&nbsp;&nbsp; sexual desire, oral gratification, and&nbsp; the pleasure principle to sell new brands. The psychologist and marketer&nbsp; Ernest Dichter famously recommended:&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘don’t sell shoes – sell lovely feet!’ The shift was that consumerism&nbsp; and the marketing that was&nbsp;&nbsp; developing with it wasn't about needs&nbsp; it was about new fantasies, new lives,&nbsp;&nbsp; becoming a new and different person. It wasnt&nbsp; about the present, it was about the future. Lehman Brother’s Paul Mazur wrote that: "We must shift America from a&nbsp; needs, to a desires culture.&nbsp;&nbsp; People must be trained to desire, to want new&nbsp; things even before the old had been entirely&nbsp;&nbsp; consumed. We must shape a new mentality in&nbsp; America. Man's desires must overshadow his needs." Some of these new desires, new dreams and&nbsp; visions were practical – the washing machine&nbsp;&nbsp; freeing up the housewife’s time,&nbsp; the automobile, the typewriter–&nbsp;&nbsp; others were criticised as luxuries –&nbsp; sports cars and endless new fashions. Retail analyst Victor Lebow wrote in 1955:&nbsp; "Our enormously productive economy demands&nbsp;&nbsp; that we make consumption our way of life, that we&nbsp; convert the buying and use of goods into rituals,&nbsp;&nbsp; that we seek our spiritual satisfaction, our&nbsp; ego satisfaction, in consumption.… We need&nbsp;&nbsp; things consumed, burned up, replaced and&nbsp; discarded at an ever-accelerating rate." The landscape of desire was&nbsp; were production and consumption,&nbsp;&nbsp; marketing, advertising and the individual met. As the philosopher Jean Baurillard –&nbsp; who will come to shortly - points out&nbsp;&nbsp; in his classic The Consumer Society, heroes&nbsp; of production – colonizers, explorers,&nbsp;&nbsp; founders, industrialists – gave way to heroes&nbsp; of consumption – celebrities, gilded princes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and sports stars – notable figures that wore&nbsp; the latest designs and drove the flashiest cars. But we don’t just consume&nbsp; alone. We don’t invent our&nbsp;&nbsp; own desires independently. Those figures&nbsp; – the heroes of consumption – and our&nbsp;&nbsp; social life more broadly provide models for&nbsp; mimicry. We’re an inherently social species. In the old Royal Courts of Europe, adopting&nbsp; conspicuous styles stood one out from your&nbsp;&nbsp; competitors. Now, celebrities and models set&nbsp; trends, but we all like to be ahead of the pack. In 1899, the sociologist Thorstein&nbsp; Veblen coined the term ‘conspicuous&nbsp;&nbsp; consumption’ to describe the upper class&nbsp; phenomenon of buying, displaying, and&nbsp;&nbsp; wearing luxury goods to distinguish&nbsp; themselves from their peers. In 1950, the economist Harvey Leibenstein adapted&nbsp; the idea of conspicuous consumption – he noted&nbsp;&nbsp; how not only did the wealthy adopt new styles to&nbsp; set themselves apart, but that the middle classes&nbsp;&nbsp; then copied them to try and display social&nbsp; status. He called it the bandwagon effect. The Veblen effect – as its come to be known –&nbsp; means that the aquiring of consumer goods is&nbsp;&nbsp; not just about use, utility, beauty, boredom,&nbsp; or innovation – but about status. The value of&nbsp;&nbsp; the good is not determined by its usefulness&nbsp; but by the social value of displaying it. But status is not just a surface phenomenon– being&nbsp; in the know is about having the right knowledge,&nbsp;&nbsp; the right know-how, knowing the direction of the&nbsp; wind. It’s all necessary to being accepted in the&nbsp;&nbsp; correct circles, whether that’s about class,&nbsp; or being a fashion designer or an inventor.&nbsp;&nbsp; Even science has fashionable trends. As the sociologist Roberta&nbsp; Sassatelli writes there is ‘‘the knowledge (gastronomic or social)&nbsp; that derives from having eaten out,&nbsp;&nbsp; tasted this or that dish, having used a given&nbsp; type of cutlery, and having managed well the&nbsp;&nbsp; phases of the meal, that is tasting, commenting on&nbsp; the dishes, chatting and exchanging information.” This act of social mimicry&nbsp; functions in a strange way,&nbsp;&nbsp; almost as if its an engine. Often, once the vulgar&nbsp; lesser lower classes begin to adopt a style,&nbsp;&nbsp; then it no longer distinguishes the upper&nbsp; classes who brought it into fashion and used&nbsp;&nbsp; it to distinguish themselves as unique,&nbsp; as special. And so trends keep revolving&nbsp;&nbsp; as a new new trend setters turn away&nbsp; from the crowd and adopt new styles. The sociologist Georg Simmel writes that: ‘As soon&nbsp; as the lower classes begin to copy their style,&nbsp;&nbsp; thereby crossing the line of the demarcation&nbsp; the upper classes have drawn and destroying the&nbsp;&nbsp; uniformity of their coherence, the upper classes&nbsp; turn away from this style and adopt a new one,&nbsp;&nbsp; which in turn differentiated them from the&nbsp; masses; and thus the game goes merrily on.’ Baudrillard argued that in the postwar consumer&nbsp; society not only is their conspicuous consumption&nbsp;&nbsp; but a ‘fantastic conspicuousness.’ We’re&nbsp; everywhere surrounded by styles and images&nbsp;&nbsp; to imitate, new gadgets to employ, and the&nbsp; turnover rate for new fashions is inexorable. Ok, so consumerism is about creating new desires&nbsp; and social mimicry. But, you might be wondering,&nbsp;&nbsp; what's bad about this? Where’s the problem? I&nbsp; buy new camera equipment, lights, microphones,&nbsp;&nbsp; books – I have a bike that would be impossible&nbsp; to manufacture only twenty years ago.&nbsp;&nbsp; All of them are desires that have been&nbsp; created and, well, I watch reviews and&nbsp;&nbsp; see what photographers use etc, so its social&nbsp; mimicry. But I find all this stuff useful.&nbsp;&nbsp; I find the task I use them for meaningful, and&nbsp; I hope you do to. So again, where’s the problem? We can categorise the problems critics&nbsp; have identified into two parts: One is quite simple. Consumption per se isnt bad,&nbsp; but its side-effects, its unintended consequences,&nbsp;&nbsp; certain types of consumption, are. They are&nbsp; things like addiction, environmental degradation,&nbsp;&nbsp; exploitative labour practices, off-shoring, etc. I’ll return to these issues shortly. The&nbsp; other problem critics have identified is&nbsp;&nbsp; more philosophical, sociological, and&nbsp; psychological – it’s that consumerism&nbsp;&nbsp; effects us in our very psyches – we have a&nbsp; modern consumer mentality, and its out of joint. One touchstone for this type of critique&nbsp; is the economist Kenneth Galbraith’s The&nbsp;&nbsp; Affluent Society published in 1958.&nbsp; Galbraith argued that now that very&nbsp;&nbsp; basic needs of most Americans had been met,&nbsp; new demands had to be created artificially. Growth required consumption and so&nbsp; it was the job of capitalists to be&nbsp;&nbsp; endlessly creating new desires to keep people&nbsp; running circuitously around the hamster wheel. He argued that our postwar society was one&nbsp; addicted to consumption at the expense of&nbsp;&nbsp; social and political problem. In a consumer&nbsp; society, dominated by industry, growth is the&nbsp;&nbsp; central goal. There is, he says, an ‘inherently&nbsp; unstable process of consumer debt creation’,&nbsp;&nbsp; as people borrowed more and more on credit cards.&nbsp; The focus on private goods produced ‘private&nbsp;&nbsp; opulence and public squalor’ as people became&nbsp; more hedonistic and neglected their communities,&nbsp;&nbsp; civic society, and environments. He described&nbsp; people driving their ‘mauve and cerise,&nbsp;&nbsp; airconditioned, power-steered, and power-braked&nbsp; automobile’ through badly paved streets to have&nbsp;&nbsp; picnic of ‘exquisitely packaged food from&nbsp; a portable icebox by a polluted stream.’ Because we become so focused on consumption,&nbsp; other values become marginalised. We can understand this as a critique in&nbsp; the tradition of what’s often been called&nbsp;&nbsp; alienation. Karl Marx had argued that&nbsp; capitalism alienates us from our true&nbsp;&nbsp; species being. We fetishise commodities because of&nbsp; their monetary exchange value, which covers up the&nbsp;&nbsp; social processes that went into the manufacture&nbsp; of the product. We see the world through the lens&nbsp;&nbsp; of a cash nexus which covers up what’s&nbsp; really going on under the surface. Arguments about and definitions of alienation&nbsp; have taken many forms, but its most accessible&nbsp;&nbsp; popular understanding is that&nbsp; we buy stuff we don’t need,&nbsp;&nbsp; sold by adverts we don’t want to see, that&nbsp; make us desirous of things we need to desire,&nbsp;&nbsp; in an addictive society that distorts&nbsp; and discounts our true needs. In his book Empire of Things, historian Frank&nbsp; Trentmann argues that we used to see ourselves&nbsp;&nbsp; as part of the world – more holistically - and&nbsp; that the entire world and our experience of it&nbsp;&nbsp; was thought of more organically, more&nbsp; immediately, more sacredly, even. He says though that this was ‘torn asunder&nbsp; by René Descartes, who, in the 1640s,&nbsp;&nbsp; argued that the mind was an entity separate from&nbsp; the body and the material world. A century and&nbsp;&nbsp; a half later, Immanuel Kant is said to have&nbsp; completed ‘humankind’s victory over things’. What this means is that many philosophers&nbsp; of the Enlightenment argued that we could&nbsp;&nbsp; stand apart from the world, rationalise it,&nbsp; calculate it logically, see things objectively. This shift contributed to our mistaken belief&nbsp; that we could simply control the world around us,&nbsp;&nbsp; that we could manipulate and collect and examine&nbsp; objects and, as a consequence, consumer goods. Of course, we know this is a mistake. Things&nbsp; have an effect on us, the world around us has&nbsp;&nbsp; an effect on us, no matter how much we try to be&nbsp; the owner of our stuff, our stuff, in many ways,&nbsp;&nbsp; become the owners of us – they determine what we&nbsp; think, how we perceive ourselves, what we do. They&nbsp;&nbsp; can turn us into addicts, they can frustrate&nbsp; us, they can lead us down routes that aren’t&nbsp;&nbsp; good for us without us even knowing it. That’s&nbsp; the alienation argument. We’re a sick society. Marx called religion an opiate of the masses.&nbsp; It kept people docile, easily controlled,&nbsp;&nbsp; under the thumb of their rulers, distracted&nbsp; from the real problems around them. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; many have argued, consumerism has&nbsp; become the opiate of the masses. The Enlish novelist J.B Presitly bemoaned&nbsp; in the middle of the 20th century that&nbsp;&nbsp; Britain was becoming like ‘Southern&nbsp; California, with its TV and film studios,&nbsp;&nbsp; automobile way of life (you can eat&nbsp; and drink, watch films, make love,&nbsp;&nbsp; without ever getting out of your car), its&nbsp; flavourless cosmopolitanism .and bogus religions.’ Or take this quote from Frankmann’s Empire&nbsp; of Things on a cinema goer from the 1920s: ‘One young British woman, a shorthand typist&nbsp; who went to the pictures four times a week,&nbsp;&nbsp; found that seeing ‘marvellous places’ like&nbsp; New York and California on the screen left her&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘miserable and unhappy sitting in my stuffy little&nbsp; office all day with nobody to talk to but myself&nbsp;&nbsp; (which I don’t) and to go home to a house that&nbsp; should have been knocked down five years ago.’ These quotes suggest that what we’re surrounded&nbsp; by is somehow wrong. That we’re subjected to&nbsp;&nbsp; and forced to absorb and embody great images of&nbsp; desires that we don’t have but others – mysterious&nbsp;&nbsp; others, often out of reach, often manipulated&nbsp; and polished to sell more adverts –&nbsp;&nbsp; do. The images aren’t real, they’re not&nbsp; representative of reality, they have no depth. The postmodern consumer society&nbsp; is associated with the MTV viewer,&nbsp;&nbsp; channel hopping, flipping through images with&nbsp; an easily accessible remote, listening to&nbsp;&nbsp; disjointed sounds and flashing images&nbsp; without really feeling anything. The viewer, in sociologist&nbsp; Mike Featherstone's words,&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘merely enjoys the multiphrenic intensities&nbsp; and sensations of the surface of the images.’ It’s all connected. Because flipping through MTV&nbsp; works through the same logic as fast-fashion and&nbsp;&nbsp; gadgets with built in obsolescence:&nbsp; its all fleeting, nothing lasts,&nbsp;&nbsp; quality diminishes – it’s designed so that you&nbsp; consume it quickly and move on to the next thing. This is a common critique of a postmodern&nbsp; culture that the some say underpins our consume&nbsp;&nbsp; culture. If you look at art, literature,&nbsp; and film they jump around stylistically. Fast-fashion trends come and go, styles in fashion&nbsp; and film are just stuck together in pastiche,&nbsp;&nbsp; the world moves so fast that nothing&nbsp; can be properly understood, analysed,&nbsp;&nbsp; critiqued – there is, in the philosopher Fredric&nbsp; Jameson's’ words, a depthlessness to our world. It’s driven by production and consumption but&nbsp; psychologises us by infecting our culture too. The Frankfurt School philosophers Adorno and&nbsp; Horkheimer argued that Hollywood and the wider&nbsp;&nbsp; culture industry that developed across the&nbsp; 20th century was shallow – everything was&nbsp;&nbsp; standardised to reduce costs and commodified&nbsp; to reach the widest consumer market.&nbsp;&nbsp; All culture – music, fashion, art, film –&nbsp; was reduced to the lowest common denominator&nbsp;&nbsp; so that it could be consumed by&nbsp; the largest number of consumers. They write, ‘culture today is infecting everything&nbsp; with sameness. Film, radio, and magazines forms&nbsp;&nbsp; a system. Each branch of culture is unanimous&nbsp; within itself and all are unanimous together. Each character can pop up&nbsp; interchangeably in each film.&nbsp;&nbsp; Ironman and Captain America can be&nbsp; replaced with new incarnations. Each new&nbsp;&nbsp; storyline in a television is easily recognisable.&nbsp; The same types of humour resonate throughout. And&nbsp;&nbsp; product placement is everywhere. It is simple. Easy. Consumable.&nbsp; We can see similar arguments in three more&nbsp; thinkers: Fredrich Jameson, Jean Baudrillard,&nbsp;&nbsp; and David Harvey. They all put emphasis on the&nbsp; culture of our postmodern consumer society too.&nbsp;&nbsp; That its obsessed with image, with&nbsp; shallowness and lack of depth. I want to quickly go through each one, because&nbsp; there are similarities in them that can help us&nbsp;&nbsp; understand what unifies many of the critiques&nbsp; and so we can then etter think about solutions.&nbsp;&nbsp; We’ll then turn to what they might&nbsp; have left out, what criticisms of&nbsp;&nbsp; them are, before trying to think&nbsp; about consumerism in a new way. Jean Baudrillard published the&nbsp; Consumer Society in 1970. I love&nbsp;&nbsp; this quote that really encapsulates the FOMO&nbsp; of consumerism, how forward looking he was.&nbsp;&nbsp; He wrote that consumerism came with a ‘revival&nbsp; of a universal curiosity in respect of cookery,&nbsp;&nbsp; culture, science, religion, sexuality, etc. 'Try&nbsp; Jesus!' runs an American slogan. You have to try&nbsp;&nbsp; everything, for consumerist man is haunted by&nbsp; the fear of 'missing' something, some form of&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoyment or other. You never know whether a&nbsp; particular encounter, a particular experience&nbsp;&nbsp; (Christmas in the Canaries, eel in whisky,&nbsp; the Prado, LSD, Japanese-style love-making)&nbsp;&nbsp; will not elicit some 'sensation'. It is no&nbsp; longer desire, or even 'taste', or a specific&nbsp;&nbsp; inclination that are at stake, but a generalized&nbsp; curiosity, driven by a vague sense of unease.’ Baudrillard was concerned primarily with image&nbsp; and language – the signs of consumer advertising&nbsp;&nbsp; and commercial language. He talked about&nbsp; the dizzying abundance of those signs,&nbsp;&nbsp; and argued that we were so saturated&nbsp; in the language of consumerism&nbsp;&nbsp; that that language dominated our lives more than&nbsp; any other way of communicating with each other. He wrote: ‘There is all around us today a kind&nbsp; of fantastic conspicuousness of consumption and&nbsp;&nbsp; abundance, constituted by the multiplication&nbsp; of objects, services and material goods,&nbsp;&nbsp; and this represents something of a fundamental&nbsp; mutation in the ecology of the human species.’ For Marx, under capitalism, what he called the&nbsp; ‘use value’ of an object – the real value of what&nbsp;&nbsp; its worth to me and us societally to use this mug,&nbsp; say – had been been replaced in our heads with&nbsp;&nbsp; an exchange value – we think instead about how&nbsp; much an item is worth economically. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; someone might like this mug because it cost a lot&nbsp; of money and has diamonds implanted in the rim,&nbsp;&nbsp; not because they like it aesthetically&nbsp; or think its the perfect size.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fetishising commodities in this way also&nbsp; hides the social labour, the real work,&nbsp;&nbsp; the real lives, that went into making the&nbsp; object. We simply think of it market terms. On top of use value and exchange value,&nbsp;&nbsp; Baudrillard added a third value: sign value.&nbsp; We value things not by how useful they are,&nbsp;&nbsp; or even how much we can get for them, but&nbsp; on what they signify to others socially.&nbsp;&nbsp; I might like this mug, for example,&nbsp; because it’s a fashionable Ted Baker mug. Baudrillard argued that this sign value&nbsp; was like a hidden language we all speak. We live in a network of brand names,&nbsp; consumer images, movie stars with new shoes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and social status that depends largely&nbsp; on where we live, what we own, what our&nbsp;&nbsp; position is at work – and all of these things have&nbsp; a direct effect on what we value, what we desire,&nbsp;&nbsp; and what these things say about us to others.&nbsp; Baudrillard called this network a code,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he said we were more concerned with the&nbsp; code than we were with reality – the real He sees this consumer code as being like a&nbsp; language that speaks to us. We don’t desire&nbsp;&nbsp; new things at random – desires must be created,&nbsp; coded, they must fit into the system of fantasy.&nbsp;&nbsp; New goods must somehow be inserted&nbsp; into the existing order of consumption. Our desires aren’t just&nbsp; biological, personal, individual,&nbsp;&nbsp; or based on use-value – usefulness – or exchange&nbsp; value – that this is a gold plated laptop so&nbsp;&nbsp; will be worth more – but are&nbsp; socially constructed. We are coded&nbsp;&nbsp; to desire socially depending on others,&nbsp; and this determines how we think. Our needs aren’t rational, nor are they&nbsp; even about maximising utility. Social power&nbsp;&nbsp; rules. We are socialized, culturalised,&nbsp; consumerised by an abundance of&nbsp;&nbsp; messages, flashing lights, screens and magazines. What drives this? Baudrillard returns in many ways&nbsp; to Veblen’s theory of conspicuous consumption.&nbsp;&nbsp; We want to distinguish ourselves,&nbsp; setting ourselves apart socially. He calls this a ‘dialectic of&nbsp; conformism and originality’.&nbsp;&nbsp; We both want to conform – be part of the pack&nbsp; – and be original – stand outside the pack. There is, Baudrillard says,&nbsp; ‘a 'need of the individual to&nbsp;&nbsp; differentiate himself' as one more element&nbsp; in the repertoire of individual needs,&nbsp;&nbsp; which it sees as alternating with&nbsp; the opposite need to conform.’ Manufacturers want to fit these new desires – this&nbsp;&nbsp; code – into our lives without continuously&nbsp; upending their whole manufacturing lines. Modern furniture is designed to be flexible,&nbsp;&nbsp; mobile, interchangeable, without depth so it&nbsp; can fit in different spaces and be moved easily.&nbsp;&nbsp; Everything is in neutral colours and like&nbsp; IKEA, fits together like a puzzle, like a code. Tradition, uniqueness, odd&nbsp; shapes, personal history&nbsp;&nbsp; is no-longer important in the home. It’s about&nbsp; flatness, neutralness, every home looks the same. Apple resembles this, resembles IKEA. You’re&nbsp; sold a new Mac and now you need an iPad, iPhone,&nbsp;&nbsp; iWatch, airpods. And, if you don’t have apple,&nbsp;&nbsp; you need one because you might be left out,&nbsp; you can’t use iChat, you can’t send photos&nbsp;&nbsp; easily to your friends – the consumer code&nbsp; draws you in – if not, you’re ostracised. Baudrillard says, anticipating Apple,&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘Few objects today are offered alone,&nbsp; without a context of objects which&nbsp;&nbsp; 'speaks' them.’ - shop-windows, adverts, brand&nbsp; names, all come together in a cohesive vision.’ Baudrillard is famously pessimistic about&nbsp; this state of affairs. He argues we’re&nbsp;&nbsp; so soaked in this culture that we can no&nbsp; longer discover our true authentic needs. Everything is alienated because everything can&nbsp; be exchanged away. Nothing is transcendental.&nbsp;&nbsp; Everything is pastiche – the car advert relies&nbsp; on the sunglasses, the sunglasses are sold with&nbsp;&nbsp; holiday packages, the dream is a holiday in&nbsp; bermuda because that’s where Brad Pitt went –&nbsp;&nbsp; all of these phenomena build, construct,&nbsp; and direct your desires – but true meaning,&nbsp;&nbsp; what we really need, is lost. He uses the example of Kitsch&nbsp; products to illustrate what we means. Kitsch goods are everywhere. They’re 'trashy&nbsp; objects', 'folksy knick-knacks', 'souvenirs',&nbsp;&nbsp; he says. But they’re shallow imitations.&nbsp; They’re no longer connected to the real reason,&nbsp;&nbsp; the original reason, the piece of art or&nbsp; historical building they imitate was produced.&nbsp;&nbsp; Kitsche is the ultimate in artificial desire. HE writes: ‘Kitsch can be anywhere: in&nbsp; the detail of an object or in the plan&nbsp;&nbsp; of a new residential area, in an artificial flower&nbsp; or in a photo-novel. It can best be defined as&nbsp;&nbsp; a pseudo-object or, in other words,&nbsp; as a simulation, a copy, an imitation,&nbsp;&nbsp; a stereotype, as a dearth of real&nbsp; signification and a superabundance of signs.’ They are just ‘part of the package,&nbsp; the constellation of accessories by&nbsp;&nbsp; which the 'socio-cultural' standing&nbsp; of the average citizen is determined.’ Pop art functions in a similar way. Its all&nbsp; surface, it uses the signifiers of the world&nbsp;&nbsp; around us, and slaps it together, ignoring&nbsp; the true deep meaning that’s been hidden. He says: ‘Whereas all art up to pop was based&nbsp; on a 'depth' vision of the world, pop regards&nbsp;&nbsp; itself as homogeneous with this immanent order&nbsp; of signs: homogeneous with their industrial,&nbsp;&nbsp; mass production and hence with the artificial,&nbsp; manufactured character of the whole environment.’ WE see a similar same critique of the shallowness&nbsp; of our postmodern landscape in the American&nbsp;&nbsp; philosopher Fredric Jameson. His essay, turned&nbsp; into a book, ‘Postmodernism, or the Cultural Logic&nbsp;&nbsp; of Late Capitalism’, published in 1984, has been&nbsp; called the most discussed article of the 1980s. For Jameson, there is a particular&nbsp; reason consumer culture is shallow. He writes that our postmodern culture&nbsp; is schizophrenic, it jumps from place&nbsp;&nbsp; to place – and relies on ‘a new depthlessness,&nbsp; which finds its prolongation both in contemporary&nbsp;&nbsp; “theory” and in a whole new culture of the&nbsp; image’ and the ‘weakening of historicity,&nbsp;&nbsp; both in our relationship to public History and&nbsp; in the new forms of our private temporality.’ He argues culture has become so&nbsp; shallow that our relationship&nbsp;&nbsp; to the depth of history has been lost. Culture is fragmented because capitalism&nbsp; is fragmented. We are detached from&nbsp;&nbsp; everything because we have to be – styles&nbsp; change, trends change, conditions change,&nbsp;&nbsp; jobs change, information changes quicker&nbsp; than we can keep up, and so we’re&nbsp;&nbsp; psychologically schizophrenic,&nbsp; frantically trying to keep up. Jameson famously compares Van Gogh’s a&nbsp; pair of boots from 1887 – a modernist&nbsp;&nbsp; painting – with Andy Worholls&nbsp; postmodern 1980 Diamond Dust Shoes. He argues that Van Gogh’s shoes&nbsp; are connected to a real world. He says ‘‘the whole missing object world which&nbsp; was once [the shoes’] lived context. . .the heavy&nbsp;&nbsp; tread of the peasant woman, the loneliness&nbsp; of the field path, the hut in the clearing,&nbsp;&nbsp; the worn and broken instruments of&nbsp; labor in the furrows and at the hearth’ ON the other hand ‘Andy Warhol’s Diamond Dust&nbsp; Shoes evidently no longer speaks to us with any&nbsp;&nbsp; of the immediacy of Van Gogh’s footgear; indeed,&nbsp; I am tempted to say that it does not really speak&nbsp;&nbsp; to us at all. Nothing in this painting organizes&nbsp; even a minimal place for the viewer. . .We are&nbsp;&nbsp; witnessing the emergence of a new kind of flatness&nbsp; or depthlessness, a new kind of superficiality.’ He says the same process is visible in our broad&nbsp; cultural understanding of the Vietnam war. He says&nbsp;&nbsp; its shaped not by reality, not by real history&nbsp; or understanding, but by Hollywood films, protest&nbsp;&nbsp; music, flashy televisions news. Like Warhol’s&nbsp; shoes, its disconnected, more imaginary than real. The Marxist thinker David Harvey writes more about&nbsp; the economic foundations of this depthlessness. If you study at the supply chains of any fast&nbsp; fashion company, any tech company, in fact,&nbsp;&nbsp; the majority of consumer goods, you’ll find&nbsp; that its fractured, outsourced, subcontracted,&nbsp;&nbsp; divided into small parts and&nbsp; separate companies across the globe,&nbsp;&nbsp; a button made here, a screen there, a&nbsp; screw in one place and a thread in another. For Harvey and Jameson, these facts of&nbsp; material production – how the economy&nbsp;&nbsp; is structured - is the reason the culture that&nbsp; results from it is so shallow. It doesn’t have&nbsp;&nbsp; time to be anything but and its constantly pushing&nbsp; for new trends. By the time a story, news item,&nbsp;&nbsp; a television show, a piece of art, or even a topic&nbsp; of discussion is produced, the world is moving on,&nbsp;&nbsp; manufacturing new product lines&nbsp; in new places based on new ideas. Harvey sees our postmodern consumer&nbsp; society as a result of the shift from&nbsp;&nbsp; Fordism – vertically integrated factories&nbsp; all owned and controlled by a single company&nbsp;&nbsp; overseeing each part of the process - to&nbsp; what he calls ‘flexible accumulation.’ Flexible accumulation is defined by outsourcing&nbsp; and subcontracting to break up the process&nbsp;&nbsp; into smaller bits, offsetting risks, making&nbsp; smaller companies to compete with one another&nbsp;&nbsp; for contracts so as to get the lowest price,&nbsp; being able to drop a manufacturer and hire a&nbsp;&nbsp; new one as soon as needed, when a style or trend&nbsp; changes. This leads a fractured economic system&nbsp;&nbsp; across the globe and a fractured culture as&nbsp; a result. New communication technologies,&nbsp;&nbsp; GPS, data centres, electronic banking, etc add&nbsp; to the speed and flexibility of the system. Harvey writes that ‘the mobilization of fashion&nbsp; in mass (as opposed to elite) markets provided&nbsp;&nbsp; a means to accelerate the pace of consumption&nbsp; not only in clothing, ornament, and decoration&nbsp;&nbsp; but also across a wide swathe of life-styles&nbsp; and recreational activities (leisure and&nbsp;&nbsp; sporting habits, pop music styles, video&nbsp; and children's games, and the like).’ And so lifestyles are adopted&nbsp; and discarded at the same rate as&nbsp;&nbsp; new trends, nothing is around long&nbsp; enough to be examined, understood,&nbsp;&nbsp; or identified with in any depth – we&nbsp; become detached, postmodern, lost. Fashion trends are adopted, mimicked, stolen, and&nbsp; ripped off; fads and countercultures are co-opted,&nbsp;&nbsp; profited from, then discarded. ‘All that&nbsp; is solid melts into air,’ as Marx wrote. Everything is disposable,&nbsp; single use - napkins, cups,&nbsp;&nbsp; cameras, batteries, and pens&nbsp; are used up and thrown away. Because everything is fast a quick turnover in&nbsp; images follows. Sponsorship, television styles,&nbsp;&nbsp; new cars, new styles in cinema and&nbsp; literature, new memes and new celebrities. Harvey illustrates how this shift between&nbsp; integrated Fordist factories and global&nbsp;&nbsp; flexible accumulation has effected our&nbsp; culture with the proliferation of galleries.&nbsp;&nbsp; He says that in New York in 1945 there&nbsp; were just a handful of gallioers. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; 150,000 artist in New York claim&nbsp; professioanl status. There are&nbsp;&nbsp; 680 galleries producing more than 15&nbsp; million art works across a decade. They’re all bound up in the production of new&nbsp; images that can be exchanged and co-opted by our&nbsp;&nbsp; consumer culture which ultimately is about&nbsp; moving things on as quickly as possible. The problem, he says, is ‘Capital flight,&nbsp;&nbsp; de industrialization of some regions,&nbsp; and the industrialization of others,&nbsp;&nbsp; the destruction of traditional working-class&nbsp; communities as power bases in class struggle.’ Ok, lets summarise. There are two critiques.&nbsp; The one we just covered is about alienation,&nbsp;&nbsp; about us psychologically. That there’s&nbsp; a depthless, everything is surface,&nbsp;&nbsp; everything moves too quickly, and, according&nbsp; to many, we’re alienated from our true needs,&nbsp;&nbsp; from the true use value of objects and goods. This&nbsp; is a kind humanist critique. It focuses on us. The other critique is somewhat simpler. It’s&nbsp; that consumerism is destroying the planet,&nbsp;&nbsp; the environment. That consumerism is&nbsp; bad not per se, but because of appalling&nbsp;&nbsp; work conditions and labour rights and&nbsp; child labour in places like Bangladesh. I want to argue now that both can be seen as a&nbsp;&nbsp; type of depthlessness – and asking&nbsp; the question ‘what’s the opposite&nbsp;&nbsp; of depthlessness?’ - what would depth mean?&nbsp; Might help point us in the right direction. This humanist problem – the problem, essentially,&nbsp; of alienation – has been criticised by people&nbsp;&nbsp; who say alienation from what? Is there really&nbsp; any true authentic self to be alienated from?&nbsp;&nbsp; Aren’t we all the product of self-creation,&nbsp;&nbsp; an assemblage of experiences, differing&nbsp; from person to person, place to place. This is Douglas Kellner’s critique&nbsp; of Baudrillard – that he says we’re&nbsp;&nbsp; surrounded by image and sign and a&nbsp; hyperreality that alienates from the&nbsp;&nbsp; real of existence, but he posits no way out,&nbsp; no theory of change. If consumerism alienates&nbsp;&nbsp; but there is no true self anyway, on&nbsp; what basis can consumerism be wrong? I think this is true, but it doesn’t mean&nbsp; we can’t be alienated from our true needs,&nbsp;&nbsp; that certain things have a negative effect on us&nbsp; and the world, and other things a better effect.&nbsp;&nbsp; That some states of affairs in the&nbsp; world are more desirable than others. I want to quickly draw from two philosophers&nbsp; – Sartre & Spinoza - to make the case that to&nbsp;&nbsp; challenge the negatives of consumerism,&nbsp; we should aim to turn the depthlessness&nbsp;&nbsp; that is central to critiques&nbsp; of it into its opposite: depth.&nbsp;&nbsp; In turn, we aim to turn an alienated&nbsp; life into a more fulfilling one. The anthropologist Mary Douglas&nbsp; wrote that the ‘main problem of&nbsp;&nbsp; social life is to pin down meanings so&nbsp; that they stay still for a little time.’ Whether its fast moving images or our clothes&nbsp; being made by children thousands of miles away,&nbsp;&nbsp; this idea holds. There’s so much going on&nbsp; that it’s impossible to understand it all,&nbsp;&nbsp; to pin it down – and so in many areas we live&nbsp; shallowly, not understanding, not thinking,&nbsp;&nbsp; not able to fully comprehend what goes into&nbsp; the construction of our every day lives. So how do we pin down our fast moving&nbsp; consumer culture to analyse it in depth? Spinoza suggested that we look at&nbsp; the world from what we described as&nbsp;&nbsp; the perspective of eternity. We should examine&nbsp; the causes of things – where they come from,&nbsp;&nbsp; how they function, we should always analyse our&nbsp; ideas, actions, and desires, looking outwards&nbsp;&nbsp; and understanding them in the wider context of&nbsp; the world. We should look at things, essentially,&nbsp;&nbsp; in depth. We should understand where our food and&nbsp; clothes come from and the effect their having. And the French existentialist Jean-Paul Sartre&nbsp; made a similar point. He argued that our projects,&nbsp;&nbsp; our ideas, our opinions, and values – our&nbsp; perspective on the world – should rhyme. We should&nbsp;&nbsp; look at how things inform and effect one another. He argues that our experiences should together in&nbsp;&nbsp; a structure of meaning that we then impose&nbsp; onto the world. Meaning can be made deeper,&nbsp;&nbsp; more connected, more, well, meaningful, by&nbsp; uncovering and creating patterns between&nbsp;&nbsp; things so that the world rhymes, so&nbsp; that there’s rhythm and coherence.&nbsp; So if I make Youtube videos, I&nbsp; become interested in cameras to film,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I also then become interested in photography,&nbsp; and in how and where my cameras are made,&nbsp;&nbsp; what other things I can do with them,&nbsp; the history and philosophy of them.&nbsp; These are brief references to two philosophers&nbsp; I’ve introduced in depth before on the channel,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I think they get at something that shines a&nbsp; light on the depthlessness of consumer culture.&nbsp;&nbsp; And they help with a problem I think thinkers&nbsp; like Jameson and Baudrillard run into.&nbsp; After reading them you have the&nbsp; impression that consumerism is one&nbsp;&nbsp; totalising thing thing, everything gets lumped&nbsp; in with it – everything is just consumed and all&nbsp;&nbsp; images and adverts and consumer goods are equally&nbsp; negative and equally alienating. It ignores that&nbsp;&nbsp; not all things are consumed ‘shallowly’, some are&nbsp; experienced, approached, and consumed with depth. I buy new cameras and microphones,&nbsp; books, a drone, clothes, new foods,&nbsp;&nbsp; seek new recipes and holidays – precisely because&nbsp; they bring me the opposite of depthlessness,&nbsp;&nbsp; they create depth in my life. So to finish,&nbsp; lets have look at how depth is created, but&nbsp;&nbsp; what the limits of this way of&nbsp; thinking in this way might be. Sassatelli argues that often, rather than&nbsp; simply consuming brainlessly, consumers are&nbsp;&nbsp; active in the act of consumption. They’re&nbsp; also often decodifying, reinterpreting, and&nbsp;&nbsp; criticizing the PR, adverts, and products&nbsp; they consume. We’re not just zombies,&nbsp;&nbsp; taken in by every advertising board we see. She writes that ‘consumption often consists&nbsp; in re-framing the meaning and uses of material&nbsp;&nbsp; culture by translating the purely commercial value&nbsp; of goods into other forms of value: affection,&nbsp;&nbsp; relationships, symbolism, status, normality, etc,’ She continues ‘recent studies of audiences and&nbsp; media consumption show that spectators actively&nbsp;&nbsp; de-codify messages and images, referring them&nbsp; to the context in which they are experienced,&nbsp;&nbsp; to their own social position,&nbsp; gender, life course, and so on.’ Take DIY. Yes, new tools and paints and furniture&nbsp; are advertised and sold to us, but they’re often&nbsp;&nbsp; decommodified, made personal, adapted, decorated&nbsp; and adorned with family photos or meaningful&nbsp;&nbsp; items. There is a ‘de-commoditized sphere’ in the&nbsp; home, or between friends, at events and online. We use musical instruments to create&nbsp; new, individual, unique music, we&nbsp;&nbsp; paint and discuss and trade on social&nbsp; media, we fill photo books, we give&nbsp;&nbsp; gifts – all of these things transcend the flatness&nbsp; of consumerism and bring in more personal, social,&nbsp;&nbsp; ethical, or transcendental ideals. In 1970, Baudrillard pointed to the typewriter&nbsp; that can write in 13 different fonts and a&nbsp;&nbsp; diction machine to record notes as examples of&nbsp; pointless gadgets. To me, these seem useful – I&nbsp;&nbsp; use different fonts to convey different ideas&nbsp; or emotional tone quickly – its another layer to&nbsp;&nbsp; language. And others find recording to remember&nbsp; important things easier than jotting them down. Sassatelli also points to how&nbsp; the Walkman was criticized when&nbsp;&nbsp; it was first released for representing&nbsp; ‘aleination, anomie, and atomization’&nbsp;&nbsp; despite listening to music on the go clearly&nbsp; also being representative of many other&nbsp;&nbsp; things – escape, heightened experience,&nbsp; resistance, creativity, energy. She also writes about the positive experience&nbsp; of connoissuership, of collectibles, of hobbies: ‘the pervasive allure of connoisseurship may be&nbsp; seen as having to do with mastering objects and&nbsp;&nbsp; demonstrating aestheticized detachment from&nbsp; them: by piling up a complex repertoire of&nbsp;&nbsp; knowledge, the connoisseur finds&nbsp; a way to get close to commodities&nbsp;&nbsp; while distancing him or herself&nbsp; from their immediate hold.‘ Others have pointed to cinema, television,&nbsp; and image being deeper than is often assumed. In his book on Baudrillard, Adam Roberts&nbsp; writes that for Baudrillard Vietnam was&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘a war flattened and emptied out to a basic layer&nbsp; of violence, mixed in with popular culture and TV,&nbsp;&nbsp; accompanied in many people’s imagination&nbsp; by a soundtrack of 1960s pop-music.&nbsp;&nbsp; But the violence and death was not&nbsp; ‘hyper-real’ or ‘simulated’, it was real.’ My point is, in among the problems&nbsp; we’ve identified with consumer society,&nbsp;&nbsp; everywhere we look we can also find depth,&nbsp; meaning, usefulness, creativity, connection&nbsp;&nbsp; too. And we can apply this seeking after&nbsp; depth to our understanding of how things like&nbsp;&nbsp; supply chains work, what we think is&nbsp; unethical and ethical, what we want to support&nbsp;&nbsp; and avoid, what we want to push to regulate,&nbsp; organise against, and politically change.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think this is the opposite of&nbsp; depthlessness, the opposite of alienation. But am I being naive? Am I ignoring other&nbsp; issues? The breadth and scope of the problem.&nbsp;&nbsp; The addiction to new fashions, pointless&nbsp; new purchases, pollution or child labour? I guess, at least in part, what I’m arguing is&nbsp; that if you look at the consequences of your&nbsp;&nbsp; purchases in depth, if you think about the&nbsp; message, the result, the meaning in your own&nbsp;&nbsp; and other’s lives, then you can become&nbsp; an ethical consumer. Is this true? Even as that term ‘ethical consumption’ has&nbsp; become more popular, as we’ve become increasingly&nbsp;&nbsp; adware of the pitfalls of fast fashion and the&nbsp; environmental desegregation of consumption,&nbsp;&nbsp; Bottled water sales, to take&nbsp; just one simple example,&nbsp;&nbsp; have continued to rise and are projected&nbsp; to to so indefinitely. Palm oil – a major&nbsp;&nbsp; cause of deforestation - is still in half&nbsp; of packaged products. Fast fashion companies&nbsp;&nbsp; continue to pay below the minimum wage.&nbsp; Garment factories continue to burn down. But working out whether more conscious&nbsp; consumerism works at all is difficult to do. On the one hand, we continue to outsource to&nbsp; Bangladesh and see these tragedies that are&nbsp;&nbsp; the result of poor health and safety, terrible&nbsp; regulations, and labour practices, but at the&nbsp;&nbsp; same time, the ILO – the International Labour&nbsp; Organisation – says that child labour is down&nbsp;&nbsp; by a third since 2000. 61% of fashion companies&nbsp; have committed to using sustainable fabrics. That is, when there’s cultural&nbsp; pressure on manufacturers,&nbsp;&nbsp; on what we eat and wear there&nbsp; does appear to be some change. On the other hand, NorthWestern&nbsp; University professor Brayden King&nbsp;&nbsp; has argued boycotts have a negligible effect&nbsp; on a companies sales revenue. He says that the&nbsp;&nbsp; problem is “we can’t pay attention to&nbsp; any single controversy for very long.” Yes, we talk about the tragic Rana Plaze&nbsp; building collapse in Bangladesh in 2013 when&nbsp;&nbsp; 1134 died for a bit, but then&nbsp; we move on to the other things. Terry Hathaway at the LSE writes that ‘Even the&nbsp; most hyper-vigilant, well-informed shopper cannot&nbsp;&nbsp; know everything – the labour (and conditions),&nbsp; the tools (and the production of these tools),&nbsp;&nbsp; the raw materials (and their extraction), the&nbsp; energy, etc. – that goes into making even the most&nbsp;&nbsp; simple products. Instead, the consumer must buy in&nbsp; partial ignorance of all of the factors, primarily&nbsp;&nbsp; on the basis of those attributes that are the most&nbsp; conspicuous and, to some degree, based on trust.’ He continues ‘shopping at Whole Foods could be&nbsp; construed as support for higher welfare meat&nbsp;&nbsp; and organic agricultural methods,&nbsp; but it will equally support&nbsp;union&nbsp;&nbsp; busting,&nbsp;low wages&nbsp;for workers&nbsp; and&nbsp;right-wing libertarian politics.’ So here is the crux of it. Our consumer society&nbsp; is messy, complex; it both sustains us creatively&nbsp;&nbsp; and destroys the planet. So maybe it is a&nbsp; useless concept. I think we’re better off&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking about it in its original sense – to use&nbsp; up – as, not a noun that describes our soceity,&nbsp;&nbsp; but as a verb -as something we’re all doing. And&nbsp; like anything we do, there is a chain of activity,&nbsp;&nbsp; social and historical, environmental and economic&nbsp; – that supports the consumption and that we in&nbsp;&nbsp; turn support by consuming. Only by studying the&nbsp; understanding the issues in depth can we grapple&nbsp;&nbsp; with these problems. Thinking about regulation,&nbsp; changing the economic system, organising&nbsp;&nbsp; politically is a part of this depth – everyone’s&nbsp; interpretation of what to do will be different. For example, journalist Alden Wicker&nbsp; argues ethical consumption doesn’t work.&nbsp;&nbsp; We should instead donate some of&nbsp; the money we spend going greener&nbsp;&nbsp; on donations to NGOs and green politicians. And commentator Robert Reich has reminded&nbsp; us that when “you hear a company boast about&nbsp;&nbsp; how environmentally friendly it is, hold the&nbsp; applause. Under super-competitive capitalism—what&nbsp;&nbsp; I’ve termed ‘supercapitalism’—it’s&nbsp; naive to think corporations can or&nbsp;&nbsp; will sacrifice profits and shareholder&nbsp; returns in order to fight global warming.&nbsp;&nbsp; Firms that go green to improve their&nbsp; public relations, or cut their costs,&nbsp;&nbsp; or anticipate regulations are&nbsp; being smart, not virtuous.” So its important to approach this&nbsp; with a multifaceted attitude.&nbsp;&nbsp; Depth means more eyes on all the issues.&nbsp; Depth means engaging with the politics. Depth&nbsp;&nbsp; means exploring our own desires and beliefs&nbsp; vigilantly. Taking an issue – something we&nbsp;&nbsp; consume - and understanding the ramifications,&nbsp; something I want to try to apply next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThenNow [388 likes]: Script & sources at: https://www.thenandnow.co/2023/03/21/our-consumer-society/

► Sign up for the newsletter to get concise digestible summaries: https://www.thenandnow.co/the-newsletter/
► Why Support Then & Now? https://www.patreon.com/user/about?u=3517018
  2. @lindatallon9217: Humans were designed to CREATE not CONSUME........the MATRIX CORPORATE AMERICA KILLS ANY CREATIVITY.....people are filling the VOID.....
  3. @raimondwhite965: Life is pretty much the only renewable resource, you can consume food water and wood, and it can be replaced so long as you understand the life cycle, In this sense, like Evolution, you will find that life can overcome the Theory of Entropy.
  4. @EvaSobolevski: Perhaps depth is a passing phenomenon? Surely, our hunter - gatherer forefathers, while not lacking the capability for, nevertheless lacked certain cognitive and psychological depth? Why then shouldn't our children enjoy less fraught existence? Maybe what you call "depth" is just 20th century neurosis? 🤔
  5. @MatthewBrown-r5k: The background music adds so much to these videos. I usually don’t notice it much but it shows how much work is put into these. Thank you for the video
  6. @Sch1sMx: 51:25 but i can run any game from the GB, NES/famicom and playstation to switch, ps4 and sometimes even pc games on my not iphone. i win when im in the waiting room with no service.
  7. @onebleachpiece956: This video brings up a lot of new ways of looking at life I never considered before. It really opens your eyes
  8. @transgirl_computer_faery: holy fuck its been 3 years already
  9. @melaniejaaaade: This has helped me fall asleep for the past year
  10. @commentspae: telling this to youtube won't work because youtube is full of hypocrites lol
  11. @michaelm4725: Everything is intentionally made to break. I've worked in production and my boss actually told me this. This is how they make us buy the same thing over and over again, and the taxes go along with every purchase, so the government loves it. I use free Linux and own no I-phone. And I do NOT buy stuff I don't need. That right there is the a nightmare to the Plutocratic (rich) population. Why you need 100 houses? Elon Musk actually manufactures complexity which compromises reliability, efficiency, and safety. I know what's going on "Uncle Sham".
  12. @MsWaggydog: I noticed recently that I seem to be the only one in the supermarket walking around with a shopping list. I understand that not everyone uses paper lists anymore, but I don't see people checking their phones either (just talking on them!) Am I the odd one out?
  13. @bizsavingstv: great documentary
  14. @theodoremaravanyika643: Sweet documentary, however consumerism does not alienate it creates the ephemeral and continous in the social bonds.
  15. @theodoremaravanyika643: Of the 150000 art gallaries if I heard correct, how much are fed by an academic background. Those with that as input I would love to develop the rhetoric to support.
  16. @bkf042980: I love these videos made by real people. I wish there was a way to filter out the AI generated ones from my algorithm.
  17. @hannahboebanna: 37:58 impeccably placed organic cough for emphasis
  18. @CotTran-ig5fj: Well... Wall-E
  19. @olakvernenestkje7332: The consumer consumes this video
  20. @GenderedEconomics: TAKK, focuses on simplifying the product choice and fighting overconsumption in beauty industry! For them less is more 🍀You can find the story of TAKK and how it creates change in the industry in our first Plethora of Change Episode. Especially interesting for people interested in sustainability, ethical marketing and beauty care industry😇

- A Critique of Consumer Culture: Kind: captions Language: en [music] m ch

  Top Comments:
  1. @justnicely: Excellent video! Thank you for spreading positive energy!

- HISTORY OF IDEAS - Consumerism: Kind: captions Language: en-GB For most of history, the overwhelming majority of the Earth's inhabitants have owned, more or less, nothing. The clothes they stood up in, some bowls, a pot and a pan, perhaps a broom and, if things were going really well, a few farming implements. Nations and peoples remained consistently poor. Global GDP did not grow at all from year to year: the world was an aggregate as hard up in 1800 as it had been at the beginning of time. However, starting in the early 18th century, in the countries of north-western Europe, a remarkable phenomenon occurred. Economies began to expand and wages to rise. Families who'd never before had any money beyond what they needed just to survive found they could go shopping for small luxuries: a comb or a mirror, a spare set of underwear, a pillow, some thicker boots or a towel. Their expenditure created a virtuous economic cycle. The more they spent, the more business grew, the more wages rose. By the middle of the 18th century, observers recognised that they were living through a period of epochal change that historians have since described as the world's first consumer revolution. It was in Britain where the changes were most marked: enormous new industries sprang up to cater for the widespread demand for goods that had once been the preserve of the very rich alone. In England's cities you could buy furniture from Chip 'n' Dale, Hepplewhite and Sheraton pottery from Wedgewood and Derby, cutlery from the smitheries of Sheffield and hats, shoes and dressed featured in the best selling magazines like The Gallery of Fashion and The Ladies Magazine. Styles for clothes and hair which had formerly gone unchanged for decades now altered every year often in extremely theatrical and impractical directions. In the early 1770s, there was a craze for decorating wigs so tall that their tops could only be accessed by standing on a chair. It was fun for the cartoonists. So vivid and numerous were the consumer novelties that the austere Dr. Johnsons Riley wondered whether prisoners were also soon to be hanged in a new way. The Christian Church looked on and did not approve. Up and down England, clergymen delivered bitter sermons against the new materialism. They called it vanity, which was a sin. Sons and daughters ought to be kept away from shops God would not look kindly on those who paid more attention to household decoration than the state of their souls. But there now emerged an intellectual revolution that sharply altered the understanding of the role of vanity in an economy. In 1723, a London physician called Bernand Mandeville published an economic tract titled "The Fable of the Bees" which proposed that contrary to centuries of religious and moral thinking, what made countries rich and therefore safe, honest, generous, spirited and strong was a very minor, unelevated and apparently undignified activity: shopping for pleasure. It was the consumption of what Mandeville called fripperies: hats, bonnets, gloves, butter dishes, soup tureens, shoehorns and hair clips that provided the engine for national prosperity and allowed the government to do in practice what the church only knew how to sermonise about in theory: make a genuine difference to the lives of the weak and the poor. The only way to generate wealth, argued Mandeville, was to ensure high demand for absurd and unnecessary things. Of course no one needed embroidered handbags, silk lined slippers or ice creams but it was a blessing that they could be prompted by fashion to want them, for on the back of demand for such trifles, workshops could be built, apprentices trained and hospitals funded. Mandeville shocked the audience with the starkness of the choice he placed before them: a nation could either be very high-minded, spiritually elevated, intelectually refined and dirt poor or a slave to luxury and idle consumption and very rich. Mandeville's dark thesis went on to convince almost all great Anglophone economists and political thinkers of the 18th century. There were, nevertheless, some occasional departures from the new economic orthodoxy. One of the most spirited and impassioned voices was that of Switzerland's greatest philosopher, Jean Jacques Rousseau. Shocked by the impact of the consumer revolution on the manners and atmosphere of his native Geneva, he called for a return to a simpler, older way of life. of the sort he had experienced in the alpine villages or read about in the travellers' accounts of the native tribes of North America. In the remote corners of Appenzell or the vast forests of Missouri there was, blessedly, no concern for fashion and no one upmanship around hair extensions. Rousseau recommended closing Geneva's borders and imposing crippling taxes on luxury goods so that people's energy could be redirected towards non-material values. He looked back with fondness to the austere, martial spirit of Sparta. However, even if Rousseau disagreed with Mandeville, he did not seek to deny the basic premise behind his analysis. It truly appeared to be a choice between decadent consumption and wealth on one hand and virtuous restraint and poverty on the other. It was simply that Rousseau, unusually, preffered virtue to wealth. The parameters of this debate have continued to dominate the economic thinking ever since. We re-encounter them in ideological arguments between capitalists and communists and free marketeers and environmentalists. But for most of us, the debate is no longer pertinent: we simlply accept that we will live in consumer economies, with some very unfortunate side effects to them: crass advertising, foodstuffs that are unhealthy for us, products that are disconnected from any reasonable assessment of our needs. All this in exchange for economic growth and high employment. We have chosen wealth over virtue. an irony laden acceptance of this dichotomy is what underpins the approach of many pop artists in mid 20th century America. For example, Claes Oldenburg developed a reputation for taking modern consumer items, many of them food related and reproducing them at enormous scale, usually in outdoor settings in vibrant polyester vinyl. In city squares, where one once might have expected to find statues in honour of political leaders or religious saints, one now came across outside hamburgers, giant cheesecakes, fries decked with ketchup or perhaps Oldenburg's most famous work a 12 meter high stainless steel, inverted ice cream cone. Oldenburg's vast versions of small things playfully directed our attention to the peculiar dependence of modern economies on the mass consumption of what are, in human terms, some deeply negligible products. Yet the scale of Oldenburg's objects was only superficially absurd. because it rather precisely reflected their actual importance in our collective economic destinies. Nevertheless, as Oldenburg seemed to concede, it was peculiar to be living in a civilisation founded on the back of buns and sweetened tomato paste, a benthos hinted at by the deflated appearance of many of the giant burgers, hotdogs and pizzas. The one question that's rarely been asked is whether there might be a way to attenuate the dispiriting choice, to draw on the best aspects of consumerism on one hand and high-mindedness on the other, without suffering their worst sides: moral decadence and profound poverty. Might it be possible for a society to develop that allows for consumers spending and therefore provides employment and welfare yet of a kind directed at something other than vanities and superfluities? Might we shop for something other than nonsense? In other words, might we have wealth and a degree of virtue? It is this possibility of which we find some intriguing hints in the work of Adam Smith an 18th century economist, too often read as a blunt apologist for all aspects of consumerism. but in fact, one of its more subtle and visionary analysts. In his book The Wealth of Nations, published in 1776, Adam Smith seems at points willing to concede to key aspects of Mandeville's argument: consumer societies do help the poor by providing employment based around satisfying what are often rather sub-optimal purchases. Smith was as ready as other economists to mock the triviality of some consumer choices while admiring their consequences. All those embroidered lace handkerchiefs, jewel snuff boxes and miniature temples made of cream for dessert they were flippant, he conceded, but they encouraged trade, created employment and generated immense wealth and could be therefore firmly defended on this score alone. However, Smith held out some fascinating hopes for the future. He pointed out that consumption didn't invariably have to involve the trading of frivolous things. He had seen the expansion of the Edinburgh book trade and knew how large a market higher education might become. He understood how much wealth was being accumulated through the construction of the Edinburgh's extremely handsome and noble New Town He understood that humans have many higher needs that require a lot of labour, intelligence and work to fulfill but they lie outside of capitalist enterprise as conceived off by realists like Bernard Mandeville. Among these are need for education, for self understanding, for beautiful cities and for rewarding social lives. The ultimate goal of capitalism, in Adam Smith's view, was to tackle happiness in all its complexities psychological and not just merely material. The capitalism of our times still hasn't entirely come around to resolving the awkward choices that Bernard Mandeville and Jean Jacques Rousseau circled. But the crucial hope for the future is that we may not forever need to be making money off rather exploititive, silly or vain consumer appetites. That we may also learn to generate enormous profits from helping people as consumers and producers in the truly important and ambitious aspects of their lives. The reform of capitalism hinges on an odd sounding but critical task: a new kind of consumerism. The conception of an economy focused around buying and selling services and goods focused on our higher needs.

  Top Comments:
  1. @juliabertrand7606 [4 likes]: A very interesting video about capitalism. Thanks to my english teacher for creating communism.
  2. @thebeatmakingbeard [1 likes]: The world being “as hard up in 1800 as the beginning of time” is just categorically false. If you only measure wealth by GDP you miss a lot of things. Roads, houses, food, commodities, all were in higher supply in 1800 ad than in 2700 bc.
  3. @JNORTEGA-p1j [1 likes]: Consumerism, first time to hear it, never thought to bet that this is evident in our preseny society today...
  4. @seanmcdonald5859: Capitalism is NOT the problem: UNREGULATED capitalism is the problem. For anything to run well, it must be regulated, controlled and have limits imposed on it by an outside agency with the power to switch it off if needed.
  5. @michaelm4725: Shopping sure did make SOMEONE rich, but it sure wasn't me. Ever hear of the concept of "cash flow"?
  6. @kapambwekapambwe4131: 9 years ago this wasnt even on my radar
  7. @1silvervespa: CURCHES HATE COMPITION HUH ......
  8. @JustineFrancisco-x9v: Sino gumawa Nito?
  9. @mashailall-enize2673: in the early 18th century, in the countries of north-western Europe, a remarkable phenomenon occurred. Economies began to expand and wages to rise.????? i wonder what was this remarkable phenomenon cussed by !!!!
  10. @Empaths-Mirror: This really makes you think about how we spend stuff! 🤔
  11. @sgtasapmusic: 🫴Capitalism gave birth to Consumerism but never paid child support😅 your welcome!
  12. @wolfy1476: I don't think the founding motivation behind buying something for your health (mental or physical) should be stimulating the economy. if that's one of your reasons, go for it. but it shouldn't be the driving reason. I could be missing something here, but that stood out to me
  13. @End_Orca_Captivity: Just wanted to recommend a channel called Prof. Jiang Clips, and a video he posted titled 'Consumerism is the Perfection of Slavery'. It's very good!
  14. @waleeart2142: "talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, completely not ever been done before, unafraid to reference or not reference !"
  15. @phoenix-rise-4me: Great wealth can not be created in a silo by oneself. It is created by taking advantage of and on the backs of others. Period.
  16. @aguspueyrredon9997: Some Key words here: Vanity, unnecessary, ridiculous, non frivolous consumerism
  17. @chronic.procrastination: consumerism has shaped our community and now everything is product
  18. @shiningc323: I still think it’s a bit of a fairy tale to have a growing economy (let’s say 2-3% per year) that isn’t going to induce the dark side of human nature.. unless human nature dramatically changes, but how killing would that sustain before falling back to where it is now?
  19. @SnowGoogles001: -“Now We Gettin into The Second Consumerism Revolution”
  20. @MichalToEs: would you rather get a new lamborghini aventador sv or 800K?

- Consumerism is the Perfection of Slavery - Prof Jiang Xueqin: Kind: captions Language: en All right. Now, what's amazing about Marx is that today we say he's wrong, right? Communism happened in the Soviet Union. It happened in China, but it happened in Europe and in United States where Mark said it would happen first because Germany was more industrialized than Russia or China. Okay, does that make sense? That's that's that's what we say. If you think about it deeply, okay, um Marx is right. After World War II, every society, every industrial society to some extent adopted the ideals of communism. It doesn't make sense. Okay, we call this socialism and not communism, but basically it adhere to the thinking of Marx, which is to make the worker the heart and center of your society. And and why did they do that after World War II? Exactly. Okay. Because workers create value. Money doesn't create any value. Money just creates more money. Okay. It's speculative. But the workers create value. They're productive. And therefore, you have to treat your workers properly. So in America and in Europe, workers became the heart and center of your society. And the workers through unions could uh demand political reforms. And so our society was geared towards making the lives of the middle class, the working class better. Okay? That's why you had excellent healthcare, great great public schools, um cheap universities. Okay, so the 50s and 60s and 70s was basically the peak uh of society for the working class. But in the 80s, we start to change this. Why? Why would why would we want to change the system? It's a great system, right? Marx is right. Having the worker as the heart and center of your of your society, as the central organizing unit of of society makes a lot more sense than having money as the heart and center. Okay? But starting in the 80s, we start to go back to money. Why? Excuse me. Who wants more? Yes. Exactly. Okay. So, what happened in the 80s is something called the revolt of the elite. Okay. In other words, the problem with having a society based on a worker is it becomes too egalitarian, too equal, right? But if you're like the elite, you don't want equality. You want difference. You want to have power and money in your hands. Does that make sense? So the revolted elite happened in the 80s. And this is what we call in the United States the re Reagan revolution. Okay? The Reagan revolution, the beginning of neoliberalism, free market capitalism. And in Britain it was called Thatcherism. Okay? Margaret Thatcher. the Thatcher revolution. And so now you need to transition away from the worker to something else. Okay, another ideology that allows the elite to amass power. Okay, so just to show you how radical this revolution was in the 1970s, okay, 1970s, if you were a CEO, the head of a company, okay, you were making on average $1 million US a year. That's pretty good, right? That's really good money. And that $1 million was more than 20 times the worker. Okay? And that's pretty reasonable. Today, the average CEO in United States makes $20 million a year and that is 200 to 300 times more than the average worker in the company. Okay, does that make sense? So, um in the 80s, inequality start to explode, right? And so they're transitioning from the worker to a new organizing unit called the consumer. So they needed to destroy the the working class, the middle class. And the way they did it was by introducing a new concept called the consumer. Okay? So in the 50s, 60s and 70s, the government promised you a good job. If you were a member of a society, if you were a citizen, I promise you a good job that you would have for the rest of your life. Okay? So in the 80s, the government said, I promise you that you have low prices and a wide selection of goods. Okay? Does that make sense? All right. So this sounds like a subtle shift going from the worker to the consumer. Okay. But what this meant was a revolution in society, a revolution in politics. So remember that an example of the worker, the worker has to have political consciousness in order to protect his or her rights, in order to organize and and unify and uh push for favorable political reforms. Okay, that's what the worker must do. Okay, but now let's think about the mentality of the consumer. And to do this, let's do another thought experiment. And the thought experiment experiment is this. Everyone in the school about 500 people. I decide to give everyone $1 million US. Okay? So, everyone in the school has exactly $1 million US to spend. What happens now? Think about this. What happens now? Use your imagination. What happens? What's the first thing you do? What's the first thing you do? I've given you a million dollars. What do you do with it? Well, the first thing you do is buy something, right? What do you want to buy? $1 million is a lot of money. What what what do you want to buy now? You buy a house, right? That's great. That's a great purchase. Then what do you do with then? What do you do? Okay. First thing is not buys a house. Then then what does he do? Excuse me. Buy furniture. Then what does he do? There's something that he must do that's very important. What what does he buy the house? What does he want to do? He wants to take pictures and post on social media, right? So everyone sees on social media. Then you see this now has this huge house in Beijing with lots of fancy furniture. What do you do now? You also want to buy a house. But what kind of house? A bigger house, right? And then what do you do? You also post pictures. Okay. Then how do other people feel? You you think this is funny, okay? But this happens all the time. So very quickly, what happens in the school and you Yeah. You all spend your money and you all go into debt, right? Because you're in competition with each other to buy the biggest thing. And $1 million is a lot of money, but it's not enough to buy everything, right? So, you go into debt. You borrow more more money to buy more things. And then what happens? And then what happens? How do you guys feel about each other? Do you guys have lunch together? Do you guys have dinner together? Do you guys like like to share homework together? You guys hate each other, right? At the end of the day, what will happen is you all go into debt and you all hate each other, right? So that's consumerism. This is what what consumerism is. Consumerism creates a competition in society for prestige, okay? to see who can post the nicest social media pictures. This leads to the indivization or the optimization of you. Okay? In other words, you are now unable to act together. You don't want to organize. You don't want to act in solidarity. Okay? And ultimately this means that you develop economic logic. Okay? And what is economic logic? It's to see the world only through the lens of capital. Okay? Does it make sense? So when you when you see someone and you you might like okay well do I want to date this person? You don't ask oh is this person a nice person? You you ask yourself how much money does this person have? Okay, you understand? You use economic logic in order to understand the world and to reason and analyze the world. Okay, now let me ask you this question today. Is this how China works? Is this how the world works? The answer is yes. Okay. Are do you are you like this? Yes, you are like this. Okay. You've been brainwashed into thinking thinking that this is the only way to behave and to think. You're in school. Why are you in school? So you can get a good job. Why? To make money and so you can buy things. Okay, you understand? That's how you all think. But there are different ways to think about school, right? You're like, I'm in school to learn, to open my mind, to have an imagination, to think critically about the world, right? And that was the way we thought about school when the workers were dominant. But now that consumers are dominant, all we think about is how do I get a good job? How do I buy a bigger house? Because I want to post it on social media. Okay. So, if you think about this, what this really is is the perfection of slavery. Okay? Does it make sense? What does this phrase mean? The perfection of slavery. Yeah. Yeah. He becomes a slave of the money. But but but what why is this perfect? Yes. Okay. You understand? If you're a slave, you rebel, right? But you don't know you're a slave and you like this, you choose this, then you will never rebel. Okay. So the consumerism is the perfection And that's why Francis Fukoyama thinks that consumerism is the end of history because it is a system that achieves what the elites want and the masses are unwilling and unable to protest and rebel. Okay, does that make sense? It's a perfect system.

  Top Comments:
  1. @snickerdoodle1 [21000 likes]: “I buy, therefore I am.”👌
  2. @tengo_ganas_de_llorar: Thank you Prof. Jiang. Do you recommend any book(s) on this topic?
  3. @josephthibeault9919: Debt is slavery.
  4. @DeciduousDiscipline: “Great idea. Wrong species.” EO Wilson
  5. @kapikappi1559: I love working in my WFH pointless capitalist job while listening to Prof Jiang about Consumerism
  6. @StaticSomnio: China and Russia = State Capitalism.

this guy is an idiot
  7. @janayadams6303: Yap, I was telling my friend that this situation is frustrating because one of the answers to our questions is right in front of our face…ourselves 

When people are asking “what do we do? What do we do?!”

Well…the first step would be stop consuming so much !
  8. @stznley69: its funny how academics tend to live in a reality of their own
  9. @stznley69: i shall not eat today then
  10. @samuelkuma5752: I never thought about our society like this. The more I think about it, the more I realise how true it is. We are literally waisting our life to get things that don't mean so much to us by themselves but we chase them because someone somewhere decided it's "cool" or it is the way to be.
Thanks for this perspective.
  11. @wanderingsoul2909: Watch ! YouTube censors will ban this as radical, hate provoking and anti-society propaganda 😮
  12. @AnnieMWP: woooooowwwwwww. thank you now i can do better content
  13. @niggardlylad2008: Hey professor, what is your opinion on mayli aka amelia wang?
  14. @SweetiePie-ze2oe: i really liked the approach of this video of explaining how we are categorized as consumers instead of workers, or even as human beings. everytime i search about anti-consumerism, all i see are books about avoiding over spending, but i don't want to hear about that, i want to understand better what are the mechanisms used to turn me into the consumer and how they colonize my mind, instead of focusing on my wallet and reading a book about how minimalism is "owning less stuff". anyone got any recommendations for me?
  15. @MichaelMok-yk9dc: Money actually creates value though...Think of money as resources, which can be transformed into consumer goods or capital goods, contributes to productions just like what labors do.
  16. @lucym0317: The answers yes okay...are you like this?yes you are like this okay... dammit :/
  17. @Deliberateleo: lol, I missed the line where we all got a million dollars. Can someone tell me who I need to talk to?
  18. @kevinnielsen1356: To consume means to use up, ingest, or completely destroy a resource or substance. Knowledge without wisdom is a sure path to oblivion.
  19. @shmiganesque: What are ACTIONABLE steps each of us can do? The number one thing that comes to mind will always be mutual aid, taking care of each other, helping your neighbors and community. Trying to escape the hell that is capitalism by going off-grid (which will usually take a good amount of privilege) or playing the game and trying to get your piece of the pie both won't solve the problems. It's super blurry and confusing and not always rewarding, but I think we gotta muddle through, accept the pain, and just keep helping one another as best as we can. I'd be interested in what other things people think are essential to collectively lift us out of the hole we dug.
  20. @rumabhadikar4220: So competition will always keep us stuck in this loop. And the countries who have AI would want that gap to create with those who don't have AI and use them as their slave countries. Maybe that's why they don't want to unite and bring everybody on the same page.  Makes no sense. Let them compete till the end and let the war kill is all. If that's what humans want. 🙄😒

- ‘The Stuff’ is a Slick Critique of Consumer Culture | The Overlooked Motel: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the overlooked Motel a place where underseen and unappreciated films are given their moment in the spotlight this week's selection comes to us from cult filmmaker Larry Cohen the stuff is a brilliant science fiction infused horror comedy that takes aim at the evils of consumerism and the advertising industry it's a light-hearted and entertaining effort that features colorful characters a hefty helping of intentional camp and a wild narrative that never takes itself too seriously the stuff follows industrial Espionage agent Mo Rutherford as he sets out to determine the secret behind the dessert craze known as the stuff his quest begins innocuously enough but as Mo continues to dig he realizes there is something strange and unnatural about the yogurt-like substance it seems as though the stuff has a mind of its own and has begun to develop an unhealthy hold over the consumers that routinely eat the product the commercial spots musical jingle and branding for the stuff are all such fun they serve as a perfect time capsule of the era in which the film was released and really capture the essence of what consumerism looked like in the 80s on that note the film serves as a biting satire of that very subject the stuff squarely Nails its depiction of the ways in which consumers were and are influenced by advertising and the way we are conditioned to always want more additionally there's the Fairly straightforward suggestion that advertising works as a form of mind control and that's not too far from the truth many major corporations have some form of subliminal messaging in their advertising FedEx Wendy's and Amazon all have some form of concealed messaging to be found within their logos for example though the film serves up some brilliant consumerism-based satire it's also a lot of fun taken purely at face value most quests to uncover the secret formula for the stuff and the practices put in place to keep the so-called ingredients proprietary make for an amusing storyline further watching Moe join horses with chocolate chip Charlie makes for a handful of truly exceptional comedic exchanges Garrett Morris who co-stars his Charlie is such a talented albeit underrated character actor he's utilized to Great comedic effect here it's hilarious to watch him running around threatening to unleash his Kung Fu moves always eager to offer the disclaimer that his fists are registered deadly weapons colorful characters aside the flick also boasts some rather impressive practical effects sequences the different ways in which the titular product takes shape and attacked anyone that gets in its way is depicted quite effectively even more memorable are the sequences where the stuff takes over a person from the inside out turning the person's human form into a white puddle of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's especially impressive when considering this is a new world pictures release owned by genre icon Roger Corman the production company and distributor had a reputation for making movies on the cheap and the stuff was no exception to that rule the flick was made for an estimated budget of 1.7 million at a time when budgets simply didn't stretch as far as they do now as such the effects surely represent a large portion of the budgetary funds but that was a wise investment even though they're a bit dated by today's standards the Practical effects work is still pretty impressive as for why the film remains underseen I will say that the stuff has something of a cult fan base however given that it was put out by a smaller distributor and didn't get a state side theatrical bow the flick is flown under the radar for many but this smart satirical take on consumerism and the advertising industry is ready to be discovered by a larger audience if you're ready to discover the stuff for yourself the film is streaming on Tubi and Pluto as of the publication of this post that's all for this installment of the Overlook Motel if you want to chat more about underseen and underrated columns feel free to hit me up with your thoughts on Twitter at fun with horror

  Top Comments:
  1. @ejgoldlust: Got a container of The Stuff off of Etsy

Almost nobody gets the reference but those who do stop and goggle
  2. @MurderLegendre: Chocolate Chip Charlie! 🍪

- Don't waste money on luxury: Check my 5 expert tips!: Kind: captions Language: en Are you about to make your first luxury purchase? Then this is your tutorial video for doing it wisely. Hi, I'm Ilona. In this video, I will teach you five lessons on how to buy your first luxury product and give you examples. Here are the most important factors to consider. Would you wear it? Does it hold its value over time? What's the secondary market like? Are there many fakes? Does it come with a story or a heritage? Is it accessible on a lower budget? Let's say between $100 and $500? Now, let's break these down with real examples. Hermes Rouge. Remember Hermes, the house that defined quiet luxury before the term even existed? If not, it's worth a deep dive after this. Check out my video later. Now, meet Rouge Hermes, a name almost as elegant as the product itself. At around $80, this isn't just a lipstick, it's an entry ticket to the world of craftsmanship, legacy, and timeless branding. Definitely worth wearing. It's not really a value holding product, as you will use it until it's finished. Fakes aren't a big issue. The brand has a rich heritage and creates the most desirable bag on earth, the Birkin. Also, it's budget-friendly for luxury. So if you are looking to start your Hermes journey, skip the Birkin waitlist, start with Rouge Hermes. Versace sunglasses. Do you recognize the brand with the iconic Medusa logo? Yes, it's Versace, bold, unapologetic, and dripping with maximalist glamor. Step into the spotlight with the Medusa 95 sunglasses. The signature gold details are to die for. Here's how they stack up. For fashion lovers with attitude, totally wearable. Vintage sunglasses usually have a strong secondary market, though prices can vary. Also, be cautious when buying secondhand. The Medusa logo attracts knockoffs. Heritage is a bonus, as it is one of Italy's most recognizable brands. At around $300, it fits within our price range. Le Chiquito bag. Jacquemus is the brand that turned the luxury world upside down with surrealistic campaigns, attracting tens of millions of views on social media. Haven't seen it? Go check it out. Le Chiquito is the bag that barely fits a lipstick, and that's exactly why it's unforgettable, unless it's store-sized. You might see it on sale for around $500, but most retail versions starts closer to 700. Wearable? It will sure turn heads. Holding value? The brand is still very young, so maybe. Secondary market? Fakes appeared, so be aware. And the story? The numbers speak for themselves. Nearly 50 million views on a single Instagram video? Check. If you are alert enough, you can stay in budget. Go tiny, but think giant. Cartier Love Bracelet. It's one of luxury's most recognizable pieces, the Love Bracelet by Cartier, the ultimate daily wear masterpiece. Once it's on, it's locked, literally. But don't worry, it comes with a screwdriver to take it off. It's one of the few fashion pieces that retain up to 99% of their value. But watch out for fakes. There are so many, inspired by an iconic love story built into design. Even though it's lower tier for Cartier, with a starting price around $5,000, it's still high tier for most wallets. This isn't a jewelry, it's a status that clicks shut. Ready to lock in? Veuve Clicquot, that yellow label bottle that everyone brings to celebrations. Yeah, we are talking about Veuve Clicquot. At around $50, it's entry level, recognizable, and just luxurious enough to say, "I made it." It's not wearable, but maybe for the photos. Once it's popped, the value is gone. Not likely to be faked. This bottle carries nearly 250 years of heritage. Still fit in our budget, so check. Veuve Clicquot isn't rare, but that's the point. It's iconic, accessible, and ready to celebrate whenever you are. And last but not least, here is my tip for starting your luxury journey. Just soak in the lifestyle. Visit one of the luxury brand cafes. Think Prada at the Harrods in London, Louis Vuitton's Le Cafe in Osaka, Armani Cafe in Mumbai, or Tiffany's Blue Box Cafe in New York City. These stylish cafes bring the brand experience to life. Even if you are still a newbie, it's the perfect way to get a literal taste of luxury. That's a wrap, but your luxury journey is just getting started. I hope these tips helped, and I can't wait to hear about your first big purchases. Leave it in the comments. If you enjoyed, like, subscribe, and don't forget: Ilona calls you. Ilona calls luxury.

  Top Comments:
  1. @IlonaCallsLuxury [5 likes]: Still not sure what to buy first? Drop your options below and I’ll help you decide!
  2. @TessvanderMeer-o1e [1 likes]: Hemres rouge mentioned, but what about Dior or YSL cosmetics?
  3. @ÉloiDurand-z8z: You can't go wrong with a good champagne🍾
  4. @EmilyCarter-m7l: Luxury brands' cosmetics are not worth it:((( at a point you will run out of them
  5. @TildaBergmann: The cafés are such a great way to experience luxury😍
  6. @MAKARDHWAJ12: Where are you from I am Indian
  7. @MAKARDHWAJ12: Tq

- Can You Really Buy a $90,000 Birkin for $6,000?: Kind: captions Language: en-US I just came back from China with a Birkin, a&nbsp;replica, of course. After a week of exploring leatherverse in China, meeting artisans, seeing&nbsp;factories, and understanding the replica markets up close, I came home with lots of answers. But&nbsp;then I saw this. This emerald American crocodile Birkin 30 cost you $90,000 as a boutique. But&nbsp;what is the cost for us to make it with exactly the same material at our factory? The same guy&nbsp;posted another video with a whole new batch of claims about how much a Birkin croc really costs, what is it made of, and who is making it? And this time I could actually check his claims upon&nbsp;my freshly acquired knowledge. Some of what he says is actually true. Most of it though is&nbsp;still false. And one major claim he pushed in his first video is quietly gone. Remember this? More than 80% of the luxury bags in the world are made in China. I asked this around in China&nbsp;to people who have been involved in counterfeit business for decades. Before we get to the best&nbsp;part of this video, a quick note. This video is not sponsored. It's funded by me through my&nbsp;own brands. I travel to find the best leathers and the real stories behind them. And when I see a&nbsp;gap, something that should exist, but it doesn't, I try to create it myself. I know many of you&nbsp;have been curious about the famous German shrunken calf, but don't want to pay a fortune or settle for something fake. So, I designed the Flora, a simple everyday bag made with the real thing. You can find it atelierpegai.com. And if you choose to support it, sincerely, thank you. It helps me keep&nbsp;exploring the leatherverse and bring you more and better leathertainment content. But now, let's go&nbsp;back to the video. Is there any possibility Hermes makes or made bags in China? And they all said:&nbsp;"Absolutely not." And I was relieved to hear that. Now, let's dissect his video piece by piece. The&nbsp;thread used by the luxury brands and us is of the brand called Fil au Chinois. It is French language, it&nbsp;means "Chinese style." I loved learning that. And he says it took three crocodile skins to make the&nbsp;bag he shows. And it sounds reasonable. $4,000 for that much croc leather? Also fair — if it's the kind&nbsp;that Hermes uses and in the way Hermes cuts it. Now another truth that he says and I absolutely&nbsp;believe. But everybody knows that the labor cost in China is lower. So for a Chinese artisan who&nbsp;may be even more experienced and more talented, the labor cost is $1,000. Chinese artisans are&nbsp;indeed skilled, maybe even more than their French counterparts. They work longer hours with stricter&nbsp;expectations of speed and consistency from their bosses. From what I learned, Hermes artisans&nbsp;makes about €1,700 - €1,800 per month. In China, skilled saddle stitchers make about $1,400 to $1,700 a&nbsp;month. That's not that much of a difference that I would expect before learning this. But Chinese&nbsp;artisans work longer and faster. So, if the bag he shows takes about 40 hours to make, labor&nbsp;shouldn't cost $1,000. And this bag right here, I paid somewhere between $600 - $700 for it. And&nbsp;it's settle stitched fully like the one he shows. So, the labor has to be less than $1,000,&nbsp;shouldn't it? For the hardware set, he says, "Goldplated stainless steel hardware costs $600." Now, that's the biggest BS I have ever heard. We use goldplated stainless steel hardware for our&nbsp;Stow brand, and I know that's not even a remotely close cost estimate. Riri zippers? Yes, they are&nbsp;absolutely the best and Hermes uses them. But the zipper on that bag? Not $300. Not even close. For&nbsp;the lining, he says he uses French sheep skin. Could be — most Birkins I see has goat linings. But&nbsp;regardless, even if it's lamb skin, French lamb or goat wouldn't cost more than $70 - $80 at its best. And in the way Chinese uses it, much less than that. Not the $150 he throws out. Then he wraps&nbsp;his video up with a logic bomb. And you can see there is a huge gap between the boutique price,&nbsp;$90,000, and our cost, $6,000. What will your choice be? Why pay $90,000 at a boutique where&nbsp;he can give you the same bag for $6,000? So now, I'm confused. Are they a nonprofit organization&nbsp;selling these bags at cost? I don't think he's that noble. Again, he's running a misinformation&nbsp;campaign to pedal his high-end fakes at a much higher price than they usually do in China. And&nbsp;that's how they get their online orders boosting their fake business. It's smart, but it's built on&nbsp;misinformation. Here's what matters more than the replicas or fake flexes. China really has immense&nbsp;talent and experience. And what I saw a leather industry on the edge of transformation. Visionary&nbsp;entrepreneurs using the decades' worth of skill and scaling it the right way. Authentic, proud, and&nbsp;creative. In the coming weeks, I will share what I saw. The real stories, real people, and where the&nbsp;leather world is heading next in China. So yeah, that guy's video entertaining for sure, but&nbsp;mostly misleading. The truth? It's quieter, less flashy, but it's out there and it's worth&nbsp;hearing. As always, until next time, stay leathertained.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PilarBarker: I was attracted to :yt: skydup :yt: by an Instagram blogger, and 5 colleagues in the company followed me and bought it. Now they are all regular customers 😂
  2. @typingunknown6243: First of all do not trust chinese on anything. 
About birking doesn't cost 90.000 anything. Is just 20K+. Crocodile. So relax.
And the cost of production is never more then lets say 300 usd for the brand but they have taxes and .marketing. 

Hermes using riri zippers which are cents.
  3. @RachelRachel-u3k: Very satisfied with the purchase. Packaging was protective and shipping damage-free. Customer service was kind and confirmed shipping time. Bag quality is excellent, all from :yt: skydup :yt:.
  4. @RachelRachel-u3k: The bag craftsmanship is fine, with a thicker chain that feels comfortable on the shoulder. Customer service is professional, packaging protective, and shipping smooth. Thanks :yt: skydup :yt:.
  5. @KaitlynCrepeau: :yt: skydup :yt:upgraded Prada nylon prevents coffee spills. Mom of two approved—gold hardware distracts from baby food stains. Genius.
  6. @KaitlynCrepeau: :yt: skydup :yt:velvet clutch feels like $500+ luxury. Went through a winter wedding without a hitch. Got 3 business cards from fashion-forward guests. Social win!
  7. @KathleenWaller-j9q: My boyfriend's secretly bought :yt: skydup :yt: bag is more stylish than what I would have chosen on my own.
  8. @KathleenWaller-j9q: A must-have rainproof bag for business trips! :yt: skydup :yt: waterproof coating tested to the limit.
  9. @IdaWatkins-u8v: Just got my Louis Vuitton bag ✨ from :yt:  skydup  :yt:, and I’m beyond happy ! The quality is amazing 🧵, and the price was so affordable . Customer service was super helpful  and made everything easy 🚀. Totally recommend !
  10. @PilarBarker: Snakeskin print Fendi knockoff arrived in 10 days. Texture feels expensive - no plasticky feel. Already planning my next :yt: skydup :yt: holiday season purchase!
  11. @PilarBarker: 4th order – their upgraded Gucci Dionysus has the exact tiger head weight. Last year’s version was even lighter. I'm obsessed with :yt: skydup :yt:'s attention to detail!
  12. @timviei: Hermes can charge 90k. He cant charge 6k. hahahahha😂😂😂😂😂😂
  13. @timviei: I still prefer buying the 6k Chinese one.
  14. @Kaiyomi: The knockoff has no resale value. Hermes bags go up in value. If you buy a 100k hermes bag, you may be able to sell it for $115k some years later. The fake has no resale value at all. That $6k is sunk forever just so you can pretend you have a birkin.
  15. @ZoilaWhite-y2d: :yt: skydup :yt:pebbled leather Bottega replica ages beautifully. Six months later, it looks vintage without being worn. Obsessed with patina!
  16. @ZoilaWhite-y2d: Quilted Chanel-style wallet holds 12 cards without bulging. :yt: skydup :yt:comes with a gift box - perfect for my mom's birthday surprise!
  17. @AddisonZientara: I got a Prada bag from :yt:  skydup  :yt: and the quality exceeded my expectations. Highly recommend!
  18. @AddisonZientara: Just received my Hermes bag from :yt:  skydup  :yt:. The craftsmanship is stunning and the price unbeatable.
  19. @YvonneBowman-l3g6b: The bag quality is good, finely crafted with soft leather. Customer service is kind, packaging secure, and shipping smooth. Thanks to :yt: skydup :yt:.
  20. @YvonneBowman-l3g6b: :yt: skydup :yt: customer service is attentive and resolved many of my questions. Packaging was protective, shipping smooth, and the package arrived intact. Great shopping experience.

- I Compared Expensive Vs Affordable Luxury (Louis Vuitton Vs Coach): Kind: captions Language: de Ich habe in Paris 4.450 Dollar für diese Louis-Vuitton-Tasche und in Dallas 395 Dollar für diese Coach-Tasche ausgegeben. Bei genauerer Betrachtung beider Taschen fiel mir auf, dass die Verarbeitung nahezu identisch war. Die Lederqualität? Fast identisch. Die Beschläge? Wahrscheinlich nicht zu unterscheiden. Warum also kostet die eine elfmal so viel wie die andere? In den letzten vier Jahren habe ich über eine Million Dollar meines eigenen Geldes und meiner Zeit in die Analyse von Luxustaschen investiert . Und dieser Vergleich zwischen LV und Coach hat mich nicht losgelassen, denn die Antwort ist anders, als man denkt. Und wenn man sie einmal verstanden hat, wird man nie wieder so einkaufen wie zuvor. Ich habe zahlreiche Artikel der beiden bekanntesten Lederwarenmarken der Welt untersucht: LV und Coach. Beide verfügen über globale Filialnetze und eine lange Tradition. Coach ist eine amerikanische Marke, LV der Inbegriff französischen Luxus. Was ich bei diesen beiden Giganten entdeckte, betraf nicht nur die Qualität. Es ging um etwas, das in der Herstellung deutlich aufwendiger und im Verkauf deutlich wertvoller ist. Ich habe drei Sets vergleichbarer Produkte beider Marken gekauft und genauer unter die Lupe genommen. Hier sind meine Ergebnisse. Zunächst zu den Einsteigerprodukten: Eine Aktentasche aus Monogram Canvas von Louis Vuitton für 1.700 US-Dollar und ein Rucksack aus dem Coach Outlet Store für unter 150 US-Dollar. Das Design der LV-Aktentasche war zu schlicht. Der Coach-Rucksack hingegen bestach durch viele durchdachte Details, die ihn deutlich praktischer machten. Das Canvas-Material fühlte sich ähnlich an, aber die Lederakzente von Coach wirkten wesentlich hochwertiger als die der LV-Tasche. Die Beschläge? Sehr vergleichbar. Doch nun zu dem, was mich schockierte: Die LV-Aktentasche war direkt nach dem Auspacken verformt. Verrutschte Teile beim Zusammenbau hatten die Ursache sein können. Der Coach-Rucksack hingegen war makellos, und wir nutzen ihn seit vier Jahren. In puncto Qualität punktet Coach hier klar, zumal ich weniger als ein Zehntel des Preises der LV-Tasche bezahlt habe. Dieses Ergebnis war überraschend, aber weiter im Text. Als Nächstes: die Tragetaschen. Ich habe die Coach Theo Tasche in der Filiale in Frisco, Texas, für 450 Dollar gekauft. Ich liebe das praktische Design und schätze das Leder sehr. Ich fragte die Verkäuferin nach dem Innenfutter. Es sah aus wie Wildleder, aber ich hatte meine Zweifel. Sie versicherte mir zweimal, dass es echtes Wildleder sei. Dann gab es da noch die legendäre Neverfull Tote von Louis Vuitton aus Empreinte-Leder. Gekauft habe ich sie im Louis-Vuitton-Store in der Galleria Mall in Dallas. Ich zahlte 2.700 Dollar, das Sechsfache des Preises der Coach Theo. Das ist schon seltsam, denn bei Autos sieht und spürt man den Preisunterschied deutlich, wenn man das Sechsfache bezahlt. Denken Sie an einen Chevy Malibu für etwa 25.000 Dollar im Vergleich zu einem Mercedes S550 für etwa 130.000 Dollar. Das sind Welten dazwischen, und man spürt es sofort. Bei Lederwaren ist der Unterschied absolut nicht sichtbar, zumindest nicht von außen. Das Design von Louis Vuitton ist ikonisch. Deshalb ist es auch etwas teurer als das von Coach. Die Verarbeitung beider Taschen ist hinsichtlich Form und Funktion hervorragend. Ehrlich gesagt gefällt mir das handschuhweiche Leder der Coach-Tasche deutlich besser als das Empreinte-Leder der Neverfull-Tasche. Dennoch sind beide Lederarten erstklassig. Die Neverfull ist mit wenigen Beschlägen versehen, die Qualität ist aber bei beiden Taschen vergleichbar. An der Neverfull waren ein paar lose Fäden und kleinere Verarbeitungsfehler zu erkennen . Die Coach Theo hingegen war makellos. Ich konnte keinerlei Mängel feststellen. Meine einzige Enttäuschung beim Kauf der Coach-Tasche war die Aussage des Verkäufers, das Innenfutter sei aus Wildleder, entpuppte sich aber als Stoff. Die Produktqualität beider Taschen war gleichwertig. Der sechsfache Preisunterschied ist jedoch nicht zu vernachlässigen. Nun zum Vergleich, der für mich alles verändert hat: die Coach Pillow Tabby gegen die LV Go-14 Pico. Ähnliche Größe, ähnlicher Stil, ähnliches Leder. Die Pillow Tabby. Ich habe 395 Dollar in einem Coach-Geschäft in Dallas bezahlt. Toller Service, diesmal korrekte Informationen. Die LV Go-14 Pico. Ich habe diese Tasche im Louis Vuitton Flagship-Store in Paris gekauft und 4.450 Dollar bezahlt. Der Preisunterschied beträgt heute das Elffache. Schauen wir uns zunächst die Qualität an. Die Go-14 besticht durch ihr außergewöhnliches Design. Kleine Details ergeben zusammen ein wunderschönes Gesamtbild. Die Pillow Tabby ist zwar auch toll, aber es fehlen ihr diese Nuancen. Hier punktet LV. Das anspruchsvolle Design der Go-14 erfordert höchste Ingenieurskunst, und die wurde hier eindrucksvoll unter Beweis gestellt. LV verwendet hier erstklassiges Lammleder. Das Leder von Coach ist ebenfalls gut, aber nicht auf diesem Elite-Niveau. Die Beschläge von LV sind hier wirklich herausragend. Die von Coach sind ebenfalls hochwertig, durchschnittlich und dem Preis absolut angemessen. Der springende Punkt ist die Verarbeitung. Darauf kommt es an. Beide Taschen stehen im direkten Vergleich. Die eine wurde in Vietnam, die andere in Italien gefertigt, doch die Handwerkskunst ist bei beiden außergewöhnlich. Ein Pluspunkt für LV, aber der Unterschied ist minimal. Von einer sehr guten zu einer großartigen Tasche, nicht von gut zu elfmal besser. An diesem Punkt wuchs meine Verwirrung. Was hatte ich übersehen? Manche denken jetzt vielleicht: „Aber Tanner, du lässt die Betriebskosten, die Designteams , den Betrieb und die Ladengeschäfte außer Acht.“ Nun, genau das ist der Punkt: Sowohl LV als auch Coach haben diese Kosten. Woher kommt also die Rechtfertigung für diese enormen Preisunterschiede? Der Schlüssel kam mir, als ich den Flagship-Store betrat, um mir diese Go-14 zu kaufen. Das war kein gewöhnlicher Laden. Das war ein Tempel des modernen Luxus. Eine Mischung aus Museum und Kunstausstellung, die die Geschichte der Marke präsentierte. Die Beleuchtung, der Raum, das gesamte Erlebnis. Es fühlte sich an, als betrete man etwas Erhabenes, Exklusives, Unantastbares. Das ist ein deutlicher Unterschied zu den Coach-Läden. Sogar in ihrem Flagship-Store in New York. Dort habe ich ihre Rogue-Tasche gekauft. Ein außergewöhnliches Produkt, fantastische Mitarbeiter, aber es fehlte das gewisse Etwas. Da machte es Klick. Bei der Entwicklung eines Lederprodukts gibt es zwei Aufgaben. Erstens: die Lederverarbeitung selbst. Mein Fünf-Säulen-Modell basiert genau darauf: Design, Struktur, Leder, Beschläge, Handwerkskunst. Das ist essenziell, aber nur die halbe Miete. Zweitens: die Wahrnehmung, den unsichtbaren Aspekt des Produkts. Fast wie sein Schatten. So verstehe ich es heute: Marken wie Coach konzentrieren sich darauf, das Produkt so gut wie möglich zu machen und ihm eine eigene Ausstrahlung zu verleihen – eine natürliche Widerspiegelung seiner physischen Eigenschaften. Die Geschichte entsteht durch Berührung, Nutzung, langfristige Zufriedenheit, Mundpropaganda und ein angemessenes Maß an Marketing, um Qualität und Markenwerte zu kommunizieren. Marken wie Louis Vuitton, die sich als moderne Luxusmarken positionieren, gehen anders vor. Sie inszenieren eine Aura um ihre Produkte und Logos. Sie verkaufen nicht einfach nur eine Tasche. Sie verkaufen ein Statussymbol. Diese Illusion wird durch prominente Logos und hohe Preise verstärkt, die außergewöhnliche Werte suggerieren, selbst wenn diese nicht direkt auf dem Produkt erkennbar sind. Die hohen Preise ermöglichen den Marken extravagante Ausgaben für Promi-Kampagnen, Modenschauen und die sich ständig weiterentwickelnden, tempelartigen Schaufenster. Alles dient dazu, dieses gehobene Image aufrechtzuerhalten. Dieses Modell basiert stark auf dem menschlichen Wunsch nach Status und Anerkennung. Es ist teuer und birgt Risiken, denn das Kernprodukt ist die Wahrnehmung, die von der Gesellschaft akzeptiert werden muss, sonst ist alles nur Blendwerk. Hier haben wir also zwei große Marken mit sehr ähnlicher Produktqualität, globaler Präsenz und Betriebskosten, aber dramatisch unterschiedlichen Preisen. Die Preisdifferenz lässt sich nur durch die Wahrnehmung erklären. Die eine Marke hat bewusst eine Illusion geschaffen, die andere nicht. Jedes Produkt besteht aus zwei Teilen: Was es ist und was es bedeutet. Coach stellt Produkte her. Louis Vuitton erzeugt Begehren, und dieses Begehren kostet extra. Und jetzt wird es richtig interessant. Diese Marken stolpern nicht zufällig in dieses Wahrnehmungsspiel. Sie nutzen gezielte, kalkulierte psychologische Techniken, um die Kunden dazu zu bringen, mehr zu bezahlen. In meinem letzten Video, „Die LV-Reise“, habe ich vier psychologische Waffen vorgestellt, mit denen Sie sich gegen die raffinierten Manipulationen von Luxusmarken wehren können. Einfache Gedankenexperimente helfen Ihnen, die Realität zu erkennen und sicherzustellen, dass Sie eine bewusste und keine manipulierte Entscheidung treffen. Falls Sie denken: „Moment mal, die muss ich lernen, um mich zu schützen“, wird dieses Video Ihre Sicht auf jeden zukünftigen Luxuskauf verändern. Ich verlinke das Video am Ende und in der Beschreibung. Sehen Sie sich aber zuerst dieses Video an, denn es gibt noch etwas Wichtiges zu wissen. Wenn Sie das nächste Mal vor der Wahl zwischen einer Coach- und einer Louis-Vuitton-Tasche oder einer ähnlichen Option stehen , fragen Sie sich nicht, welche die bessere Qualität hat. Fragen Sie sich stattdessen: Kaufe ich ein Produkt oder ein Symbol? Und falls Sie ein Symbol kaufen, ist Ihnen dieses Symbol das Sechs- oder Elffache wert? Denn hier ist die Wahrheit, die Ihnen in der Luxusbranche niemand verheimlichen will: Sobald Sie den Unterschied zwischen Handwerkskunst und Wahrnehmung erkennen, Du wirst unmanipuliert. Und genau deshalb schneide ich diese Taschen immer wieder auf, um dir diese Vision zu vermitteln. Das Produkt ist das Produkt. Die Geschichte dahinter – die kannst du selbst entscheiden. Alle Entscheidungen sind legitim, solange sie bewusst und informiert getroffen werden. Wenn dir diese Recherche gefallen hat, abonniere meinen Kanal, um zu sehen, wie ich dich weiterhin durch die Welt des modernen Luxus führe und dabei wahre Qualität von Illusionen unterscheide. Und wenn du meine vier psychologischen Waffen kennenlernen möchtest, um dich vor diesen Luxusmanipulationen zu schützen, schau dir als Nächstes das LV Journey-Video an. Denn zu wissen, wie das Spiel gespielt wird, ist die halbe Miete. Bis zum nächsten Mal, bleib dem Leder treu!

  Top Comments:
  1. @RachelRachel-u3k: Very satisfied with the purchase. Packaging was protective, and shipping had no damage. Customer service was kind and confirmed shipping time. Bag quality is good, all bought from :yt: skydup :yt:.
  2. @KaitlynCrepeau: Silver clutch holds up to pool parties and fancy dinners. Friends think I hit the jackpot... secrets are safe with us, right, :yt: skydup :yt:? 😎
  3. @KaitlynCrepeau: :yt: skydup :yt:quilted wallet holds 12 cards without bulging. The included gift box made Mom's birthday surprise extra special. 4th order shipped!
  4. @JudithKidwell: I saved so much money buying my designer bag from :yt: skydup :yt:! At only $220, it feels just as good as the real thing. Their customer service was quick to respond and helped me with tracking.
  5. @JudithKidwell: I just received my designer bag from :yt: skydup :yt: and I'm really impressed! The stitching is flawless and it looks identical to the authentic version. Their support team was fast and friendly.
  6. @BunnynLychee: Honestly, it’s why I buy top tier replicas of LV instead of the actual (unless I can get good price off eBay or fashion sites). But I like the designs of LV a lot of the times
  7. @EbonyCastillo-t4p: The :yt: skydup :yt: updated Dior saddle bag has reinforced D-rings—so durable!
  8. @EbonyCastillo-t4p: The :yt: skydup :yt: dark blue Birkin-style tote fits my yoga mat and laptop.
  9. @EllaZacarias-q1m7b: The :yt: skydup :yt: black YSL Niki replica is perfect for nursing shifts—easy to clean.
  10. @EllaZacarias-q1m7b: This :yt: skydup :yt: grey-brown Fendi bag leather has not deformed even after frequent use.
  11. @morningstar8530: My heart is aching 😢how can you cut and destroy such nice purses😂
  12. @stephaniet.1524: So you are telling me that:
COACH sell quality at fair price.
LV sell same quality and fantasy at higher price.
Well I guess I rather paid fair for what I get. The perception of status based on what I wear is stupid. I am not rich and I’m not going to fake it.
  13. @KimberlyHanson-b7x9h: The :yt: skydup :yt: cream Chanel flap bag doesn’t pull my hair like other knockoffs. So comfortable to wear!
  14. @KimberlyHanson-b7x9h: Bought the :yt: skydup :yt: taupe Bottega card case and it still looks brand new after daily use. Highly recommend!
  15. @elizaadame6828: I ❤ Coach!
  16. @JudithKidwell: :yt: skydup :yt: bags have great quality and craftsmanship, with soft leather. Customer service was excellent, packaging secure, and shipping smooth, exceeding expectations.
  17. @BrianneGriffin-y4s9s: These shoes are so elegant, I feel like a princess. :yt: amzrepe :yt:has some amazing elegant designer shoes.
  18. @KaitlynCrepeau: :yt: skydup :yt:4th anniversary sale netted me a metallic-trimmed Balenciaga knockoff. Received with a handwritten note? Those little details are better than ever at a department store.
  19. @KaitlynCrepeau: The Celine crossbody strap I bought at :yt: skydup :yt:doesn’t weigh down my shoulders! Petite girl wins. The Celine Triomphe in taupe goes with all my Zoom meeting outfits. Already repurchasing!
  20. @BettyWilliams-y8h: :yt: skydup :yt:metallic-trimmed Balenciaga City Bag? Chef's Kiss. ​​Didn't change color in three rainy days in Seattle. Fifth purchase on the way!

- Luxury Bags in China for 10% of the Price? Let’s Talk Truth: Kind: captions Language: en-US You have probably seen the videos. More than&nbsp;80% of the luxury bags in the world are Made in China. China makes 80% of your designer bags. A wave of&nbsp;creators claiming that 80% of luxury goods are Made in China ending with a call to action saying that why not buy directly from us at 10% of the price? Let's not be poisoned and misled by the market campaign any longer and be a real person. Buy a bag from us, from our factory in China, see&nbsp;the real world for yourself. Sounds too good to be true, right? That's because it is. They're offering&nbsp;13% cashback on any purchases from American citizens and not only that they are going to give you 280 hours of visa-free entry into China to go shopping. Convenient, right? Here is where things&nbsp;get weird. In my field, luxury leather goods this story doesn't add up. Let's break it down. None of&nbsp;the brands these creators mention, Louis Vuitton, Prada, Chanel, especially Hermes, need to go to&nbsp;China for production. And here is why, labels like Made in France and Made in Italy comes with&nbsp;strict restrictions and brands at that level don't risk compromising that; it's just not worth it. Yes,&nbsp;there have been some shady attempts in the past. Some subcontractors tried replicating the Chinese working conditions inside Italy keeping workers in inhumane conditions just to meet the "Made&nbsp;in Italy" restrictions. They got caught, evidence surfaced, brands cracked down hard adding layers of&nbsp;inspection all the way down to the subcontractor levels but why wouldn't they just go to China? Here's why, it doesn't make economic sense The leathers used in high-end bags, it's all European origin. Shipping it to China, manufacturing it there halfway, and then shipping it back to put Made in&nbsp;Italy label, it's probably much more expensive than making the whole thing in Europe. Last month, I&nbsp;did a research in China just out of personal curiosity without knowing any of these going to be&nbsp;viral subject today. I visited factories in China. I gave them two of my oldest and bestselling designs. One of them is the passport wallet, which is super simple, just layers of leather stitched together -&nbsp;no complication. And the second one is my padfolio for legal pads. This one though has a lot of&nbsp;internal sophistication to have a rigid structure, there's cardboard, sponges and fabrics, and a suede&nbsp; lining. So, this one is much more complex to make than it looks from outside and I know China is&nbsp;good at that. And here are the qoutes I got from them: For my passport wallet they gave me $12.60, and for my padfolio cover, that's $33.90. You can see the cost breakdown of these things on my website atelierpegai.com. In Spain, I pay $13 for this, $5 for leather, $8 for labor For this one, we pay&nbsp; $12 for leather, $22 for labor adding up to a $34 So, they're almost identical, plus I didn't have&nbsp;this cost breakdown on my websites when they were working on my products. Don't get me wrong the&nbsp;prices they gave me is super fair. I've seen their work, I trust their quality, I would go for&nbsp;it only if I was targeting internal China market, for any other scenario, it just doesn't make&nbsp;sense. And don't forget, some of these European brands like Prada and Miu Miu, they already have&nbsp;their factories in Romania leveraging highly skilled Romanian artisans. It's cheaper than Italy,&nbsp;yes, but the quality is still very high and the whole supply chain is still in Europe. So again, why&nbsp;over complicating it by going all the way to China? Let's call this what it is, it's a disinformation&nbsp;campaign. Likely a response to the trade tensions and the Trump's tariffs. If you watch these videos,&nbsp;believe in it, and then go to China hoping that you will get a real luxury bag for 10% of the price, you might be disappointed. What you will find will be fakes and sure some are really good quality and&nbsp;looks amazing. The good ones are not easy to find, and they're not that cheap either. Those shops are not the mainstream storefronts. They're under the table operations that you really need to do your&nbsp;research before heading there. My advice–if you go to China visa-free, go for the experience, the&nbsp;culture, the people, the perspective shift, that's the real value. Just don't expect to walk away&nbsp;with a real Hermes that normally cost $40,000 for $500, that part - that's a big lie. That's my&nbsp;two cents on the subject, but more importantly let me know what do you think in the comments&nbsp;below. And as always, until next time, stay leathertained!

  Top Comments:
  1. @DawnCrow-h6e2o: As a first-time buyer, I was nervous, but :yt: skydup :yt: totally delivered.
  2. @DawnCrow-h6e2o: Just got my order from :yt: skydup :yt: and I am blown away by the craftsmanship.
  3. @RachelRachel-u3k: For all the girls asking me about my airport look: :yt: skydup :yt: embossed luggage tag charms make any carry-on look designer.
  4. @BlairRaglin: Such a great collection of vintage/second-hand bags! Vintage :yt: skydup :yt: is definitely on my list too.
  5. @SharonDombrowski: I feel so stylish carrying this. :yt: skydup :yt: makes me look expensive!
  6. @SharonDombrowski: The material is so soft and supple. :yt: skydup :yt: uses top-notch materials.
  7. @EllaZacarias-q1m7b: I love your videos! Thanks for sharing :yt: skydup :yt:. I ordered a luxury bag and it exceeded my expectations. The quality is amazing and their support was very helpful.
  8. @EllaZacarias-q1m7b: I saved so much money buying my designer bag from :yt: skydup :yt:! At only $220, it feels just as good as the real thing. Their customer service was quick to respond and helped me with tracking.
  9. @DawnCrow-h6e2o: When your :yt: skydup :yt: tracking says ‘shipped’… it’s happier than Christmas morning. The anticipation is part of the fun.
  10. @DawnCrow-h6e2o: My :yt: skydup :yt: order was ‘lost’… their team wasn’t happy about it and sent a wallet. Customer service puts luxury stores to shame!
  11. @BlairRaglin: Searching for affordable designer bags ? Look no further than :yt:  skydup  :yt:. My Gucci bag  arrived quickly , and the quality is outstanding 🤩. Support team was very helpful 🙋‍♂💬.
  12. @BlairRaglin: I’m obsessed with my new Chanel bag  from :yt:  skydup  :yt:. It cost me only $250 💵 but looks so luxurious . The craftsmanship is flawless 🧵, and customer service made the purchase smooth .
  13. @ClouatreBertagnoli: These shoes are so elegant, I feel like a princess. :yt: amzrepe :yt:has some amazing elegant designer shoes.
  14. @AnnaCormier-m1b: Finally found a place :yt: amzrepe :yt: that does designer-inspired jewelry right! The Celine-style earrings I got are lightweight, tarnish-free, and look so expensive.
  15. @MuetzelNemerofsky: :yt: amzrepe :yt: I love you so much and watching your videos makes my day brighter.
  16. @KarenClark-c4b: I've always dreamed of owning a Louis Vuitton bag. Finally made it happen! It's an investment piece. :yt: amzrepe :yt:has some beautiful vintage LV pieces.
  17. @RachelRachel-u3k: I am not interested in spending $40,000 on a bag (a piece of leather + labor = $1,000 at most), imagine spending $39,000 on this brand. Totally unnecessary. If you are also looking for niche but fashionable products, :yt: skydup :yt: is definitely your best choice. There are many treasures hidden here that have not yet been discovered by the public
  18. @RachelRachel-u3k: I know people who own a lot of real luxury brands, but they live in their mom's house. I own a house, drive a Lexus, and I do buy :yt: skydup :yt: to put money in my pocket.
  19. @Monotheism53: China make it less easy for ppl to scam others .....they make it and sold at the price which is the true price not insanely mark up just to sell the name or brand 😅. Thank you china.
  20. @ZoilaWhite-y2d: The bag craftsmanship is fine, with a thicker chain that feels comfortable on the shoulder. Customer service is professional, packaging protective, and shipping smooth. Thanks :yt: skydup :yt:.

- Prestige branding: building a brand truth | Wolfgang Schaefer & JP Kuehlwein: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Wolfgang Shaffer achieve strategic officer for selecting my a premium brand building agency and I'm JP kula an executive vice president for fatigue fekkai a premium here cabron and we are client and strategic planner but we also are Co Co authors Wow of our joint book called rethinking prestige branding the secrets of the other brands a third area our principals turnaround is what we call the need for truth it's about going deeper starting from the inside and then going to the outside starting with a strong conviction being dedicated not just discriminating as any luxury of prestige brand needs to be but being dedicated to what you believe in and and make that part of your company your culture and then have that being manifested in everything that you do including your retail experience and this truth is really your truth meaning it means the world according to you to your beliefs to your mission and to your myth yes because it's it's very important that you are very unique in what you do because only then can you be a leader only if you dare to be different than anybody else is a little bit ahead of the curve can you actually take a position that values and that that allows you to charge because you need to charge ahead in order to charge more those bigger there's an interesting there's an interesting approach that has been used by a lot of prestige brands or aspirational prestige brands which we call code poaching you see that for instance with Maison chocola which presents itself as a as a jewel box well in fact it's relatively accessible on chocolates that is a nice way of kind of communicating that you're special more special than your product like a degree traditionally is seen as yet if that doesn't connect to something that comes from the inside and that is actually lived and breathed on a daily basis by your company by every employee and it falls flat because then it's being deciphered and encoded very quickly by the marketing savvy as just a marketing gimmick and then it's not being embraced so when it comes to juba brand having your own language is important but it's not sufficient meaning is a great example where it goes much further than just saying we're motoring which is their language for saying we're driving a mini and mini you can really feel the bulldog challengers spirit the little car that could in everything they do from the fence to community to how your car is delivered or how they advertise you

- The Secrets Behind Our Addiction To Luxury Brands: Kind: captions Language: en let's talk about Bernard Arno he's a name synonymous with luxury goods Arno is the CEO of lbmh and he has spent nearly four decades building his fortune creating a a luxury goods Empire that boasts some of the most prestigious brands in fashion jewelry and alcohol now he's an estimated net worth of around 221 billion and he frequently Vis with the likes of Jeff basos and Elon Musk for the title of the wells as man arno's business strategy rewards around a few key principles and if you're Keen to understand why High net worth individuals by luxury then it's crucial to grasp these fundamental motivations I'm Paul Russell co-founder of luxury Academy and as a dedicated training partner for renowned luxury companies worldwide I've gained unique insights into these motivations so there are three types of motivation that you really need to understand but first let's address the fundamental psychological strategy that's at play in the minds of luxury consumers one that they're often very unaware of and it's called heuristics but simply heuristics are decision-making shortcuts and on any given day we as humans employ thousands of these shortcuts so how has this helped Arno amass his vast Fortune by understanding the five luxury heuristics you can understand how the luxury consumer makes buying decisions it's really that straightforward number one is what we call the price quality istic or the price quality bias and we often believe that if we pay more for something we get a better product but there's a limit to Quality even for luxury goods a 30,000 barenburg isn't inherently Superior in quality to a 3,000 one that's where juristic number two comes in brand Prestige High net weth clients often use a brand as a shortcut for assessing value and quality this ties in with the price quality heuristic a back and B cost 30,000 because it's a the brand impacts the decision making would you pay either of these prices without that brand logo unlikely number three is gidy the desire for what's rare or exclusive is incredibly powerful luxury Brands understand this and often create scarcity to drive demand sometimes intentionally in the case of the berenberg and sometimes unintentionally in the case of protect number four is social proof luxury pages are very often influenced by how product or brand is perceived within our social cycle endorsements from peers work colleagues and friends can greatly impact desirability and finally number five is what we call the aesthetic appeal juristic just like we perceive something that is more expensive as better quality we also perceive something that is attractive and elegant as better quality and more reliable Apple products are a prime example of the aesthetic appeal turistic now that you understand heuristics let's delve into the motivation behind them shall we by understanding these motivations you become a much more effective luxury expert there are three primary motivations that you need to be aware of the first is called personal pleasure or hedonic motivation and it's the intrinsic pleasure that you get from owning or experiencing a product or service and we experience it either through the desire to reward yourself when celebrating a success or Milestone or through self-expression and identity where we're motivated by what an item or what a brand says about it to the outside world away from luxury this might involve buying an iPhone over say an Oppo because the iPhone symbolizes Innovation style and Status most of you who are brainwashed by Apple are going to say oh it's the Apple ecosystem most people who own an iPhone don't own an iMac MacBook an iPad or a Vision Pro so buying an iPhone is actually a stous choice secondly we have social motivators it comes with no surprise that most luxury items serve as a status or symbol of prestige conformity in a sense of belonging is also at play here if everyone in your social group is wearing Chanel Dior and Gucci then there's a higher than normal chance that you will be motivated to wear these designers as well it's a form of peer pressure but it's more about fitting in and conforming to the social norms of your peer group and contrary to popular belief very few people actually want to be unique and stand out from the crowd a prefrontal cortex and or amydala insist on Conformity for both social acceptance and for safety you see a lot of this in schools without uniforms different groups will develop different uniforms themselves and if you don't have the right trainers or the right schoolb and so forth you're going to be rejected from the group and nobody wants that and we're motivated by the recommendations of our social pair group as well what would my BFF think about this if I bought this or what will my partner think about it will they find attractive if I wear this this is called social influence where our buying behavior is Guided by social cues and lastly we have cultural motivations and this is a subject too vast to cover here but there are two very important things to be aware of cultural capital and traditional Heritage so cultural capital relates to buying a brand or wearing a particular luxury item to look sophisticated and to demonstrate to the outside world that you have knowledge of culture and arts there are some rather silly parts of present day Society who wrongly believe this motivation is cultural appropriation if you were to walk down Bond Street wearing Indian C pajamas there's a high chance that you're going to be accosted by some unshowered 20-some year old trite screaming at you for appropriating a culture and I'm talking from experience here if you were to walk through palala in Mumbai wearing the same outfit you'd be stopped and complimented by Indians young and old telling you how great you are and thank you for wearing their local clothing the other significant cultural motivation is Heritage and tradition never underestimate the significance of history and Heritage that a brand plays in consumer decisions saboro suit PS from Oman all benefit from the cultural motivation that encompasses their legacy and identity and it provides a sense of exclusivity for luxury consumers so in summary the masters of luxury goods understand the psychological motivations and heuristics that influence why High net weth clients buy luxury it's that simp

  Top Comments:
  1. @pheebsbee1280 [3 likes]: You forgot to mention comforting . Buying something that feels like a hug. To build self esteem when feeling low.
  2. @e.a.p3174 [3 likes]: I’m fascinated. I always wondered who and why people buy those luxury goods.
  3. @RockyT4114 [2 likes]: It made me laugh when he said bff. He is upper class i wouldnt expect him to say that
  4. @servantprince [1 likes]: "it's not that we can't satisfy the poor, it's that we can not satisfy the rich"
  5. @abhimawa1 [1 likes]: I thought true high net worth people enjoy about having high quality (material, fabric, functionality, etc.), with no brand  or certain identity? Some people use Apple because of its reliability, ease of use, practicality, and the same reason for wearing a Rolex (the tool watch collection, not the Cellini ones), and Lexus for being a well made vehicle with Toyota’s durability. Or, has the world changed?
  6. @thedancingtarot [1 likes]: I feel like I need to go to the “Point of No Return” school just so I can change my external aesthetic and presence so I can be comfortable and confident around high net worth. Thank you!
  7. @fc4660: I’m down a rabbit hole and watching a number of your videos as a new subscriber. Thank you, Paul, everyone is a gem. I’m a life coach (currently standing on the precipice of landing on my pricing which you have helped me slay the dragon this evening) as well as working in private banking.
  8. @rosariocontreras3577: The Indian mayor of NYC ask the king of England return the stolen items
  9. @CatherineWolf-i8v: It's reassuring to see positive reviews for  :yt: amzswis :yt:.
  10. @TildaBergmann: Good video! I follow a channel called @IlonaCallsLuxury and she is a luxury industry expert, I recommend her video, worth checking it if you're interested in luxury brands!
  11. @jeanlefranc3817: Investors are more levelheaded than punters. LVMH stock price has seriously plunged from lofty heights and still, its yield is way below what should be expected from a premium stock.
  12. @sutats: Look at me, I'm important. lol
  13. @dool1002: Lol every luxury brands started with an innovative product like Burberry with the new development in waterproof fabrics for the Trenchcoat, LV with large and robust luggages, etc etc etc. The price was the advertisement to cater to specific affluent social and wealth class so the masses followed. It's the other way around where the masses followed this 'luxury' idea. Similar to Tesla vehicles.
  14. @SchwarzeBananen: Interesting, indeed! But the little speck on the necktie distracts me. 🧐
  15. @BRBallin1: I'm a fan of buying quality but I also don't buy purely for brand or aesthetics. The only brands I have come across that offer genuinely top notch quality for the price you pay are Apple, Tesla, Lululemon, Nike
  16. @Martinmarvin500: Thank you Paul
  17. @mica00ela: The violins in the background  are overpowering the voice
  18. @Paporn-v9w3q: If the customers not buying by the credit cards. So luxurious anyway but we are poorer than you. We need more money for our house and our children are in debt and the housing debt.
  19. @nickgreen8268: Would it be too much of a luxury to find a quiet space to record these videos?
  20. @Cl0udn1n3: "for desire is the measure of all things"... Crowley.  Thoth's house of the net- "what is your net worth," the weights and cordages of the net of mind, body and spirit. This web is made of desires and the realities they create, what was the ritual of desires and the corresponding literal and invisible brands evoked by these desires preceding the sex resulting in the formation of a new biological embodiment of the ideas preceding the physical ritual of sex and conception, also, the same rush of feelings floods the baby based on the mother.  The baby's conscious imprintation could be a mom who never orgasms and has they feelings of a conformist, the needs of a psychology where there is never enough, how different is this baby compared to one who paid heed to more beautiful and loving factors preceding the ritual of physical conception, with those ideas and feelings flooding baby in it's formative years.  Human physicality and sexuality are the breeding grounds of ideas and patterns which grew big enough to turn us into the breeding grounds for further expansion of their idea forms expressed in physicality and social reality.  The memetic algorithm the men and women are but women are the store managers of in the case of this planet's reality.  The most powerful people never have to do anything to prove their influence or worth, so it is with attractive women, thus they are the center for the worst of ideas.  The fallen angels were said to divide by lots, oppression for many and exaltation for the few, create division and scarcity and make an empire of it. Embed that empire in the genes of conquered lesser races, make them associate connection with the female and the only openings to love and pleasure or feelings of worth in existence not shut off through genetic tampering your business.  Force the pattern into them on a genetic level, Enki #40 the God of magic and the waters, the waters being an allusion to business, his real domain, and the business was creating slave races.  Selling the womb, this is the waters, mem.  Conform and have sex.  Don't and work in the mines till you die.  Quickly all the men who don't conform die.  With the women, those who let their sex be sold were allowed water births and medical treatment, those who didn't were cast out to die at high rates from childbirth as was the norm at the time.  The ones who did this to humans still watch us but won't love us.  Humans were made to be obedient to hierarchy, greed and to value that which is not their will higher than themselves.  The pattern remains in human genes.  Women, the first luxury item, since God made Eve, the rest has been marketing and branding.  Is she hiding her nakedness to create more value in scarcity or because she is ashamed of her transformation into a tool for the perpetual betrayal of each generation of her children because she allowed her mind, spirit and body to be transformed into a marketing tool rather than a channel of divine love?  Better eat at the tree of knowledge of good and evil to find out for sure.  But you will pay a price.  Does the high level observer here blame Adam, or realize that this rib analogy is a metaphor for genetic engineering, the placenta as a viral source of intelligence is evidence, viral filament piercing the fetus, filling it with Thought.  What kind of father gives his son a snake when he asks for a fish?  And think of the 12 behind the strands of our dna, they never loved us, and never stopped selling our oppression and pain, they still refuse to touch us.  Maybe this is why Jesus never touched a woman? Twelve at the table before Jesus walked in, twelve at the fire before Jesus was betrayed, yet when he calls them to stay by the fire before his final day they all go off to sleep.  Jesus didn't die for your sins, he died to whip those who turned his temple into a marketing ploy, and this is the perfect metaphor because the true temple is the human body, and it has become a marketing tool instead of a divine thing.  Luke 23:27-31 “A large number of people followed him, including women who mourned and wailed for him. Jesus turned and said to them, ‘Daughters of Jerusalem, do not weep for me; weep for yourselves and for your children. For the time will come when you will say, “Blessed are the barren women, the wombs that never bore and the breasts that never nursed!” Then they will say to the mountains, “Fall on us!” and to the hills “Cover us!” For if men do these things when the tree is green, what will happen when it is dry?’”

- How Unilever Prestige scales luxury ecommerce | Alexis Katsafanas on customer-first brand strategy: Kind: captions Language: en I think that we certainly can it's interesting you ask this we just ran an analysis we were looking at search Trends on Google across some of our competitors PA's Choice Inky list cavey L Ro pet kind of like across price points and you notice everyone starting to decline across the board everyone's declining a bit and it's like all right well how do we maintain how do we decline a little bit less welcome to the e-commerce toolbox expert perspectives a podcast by no where we explore the elite strategies and Cutting Edge insights with our expert guests get ready to propel your e-commerce business to the next [Music] level welcome to another episode of the e-commerce toolbox experts perspective joining us today we have Alexis catanus all the way over from New York welcome Alexis thanks kayn good to be here awesome so just taking a look you're LinkedIn and doing some research ahead of time see that you're in charge of the Unilever Prestige portfolio you've been at Amazon some other brands before so maybe start off by walking us through your customer or your journey rather and through all these different types of Brands yeah definitely so my career actually began in the world of brick and mortar retail as a buyer for Nordstrom department stores and at that time brick and mortar was still a significant portion of their business so I was mainly focused on walking the floors talking to customers understanding what products they wanted to see from which brands and that led me to a little stint with an internal Innovation team the Nordstrom family wanted to group some folks together to kind of figure out what does the future of shopping at Nordstrom stores look like and during that project I started getting more involved with our Omni Chanel retail presence and essentially I was flying to New York and speaking with brands convincing them to give us a ton of samples for free to program this showrooming concept where customers could come into our stores try on every brand that they've ever seen on the internet and loved every size every color touch it feel it fall in love with it and then it would be shipped to their doorstep and so through that project I started getting more interested in this world of e-commerce and this idea of things just showing up at your doorstep which sounds hilarious to say out loud right now because that is the world we live in but it really wasn't during my stint at Nordstrom so I moved into their digital merchandising department and that's where I became obsessed with this idea of customer intention we are blessed to see every piece of data through heat Maps through click-through rates conversion I know exactly why someone came to the site what they were looking for what they checked out with and I started to run with that and I eventually moved over to Nike which if you'll remember around 2020 Nike was starting to pull out of retail because they really wanted to bring Nike customers back to their own channels and so my remit at Nike was to build a social commerce app that was net new it wasn't Nike it wasn't sneakers that was geared towards gen Z because Urban Outfitters and Asos they were doing incredible things with jenzy Nike was their number one brand but less than 40% of jenzie consumers were shopping on Nike owned channels and so we played with gamification we built chat Bots we had leaderboards tickers ways for customers to get engaged with each other and that was probably the role where I started to realize am I a Founder am I a startup person I love this we were a Sixers team building a brand new app to Nike that we eventually then sold pieces of back into the business that you see in the sneakers app today you see in the Nike app today and that's when I moved over to Daily Harvest in New York City directed consumer food subscription model leading their e-commerce team really helping them figure out how do we reach more customers we migrated their platform over to Shopify we helped build better internal tools and systems and then I did the most hilarious thing was pivot from startup to Giant Behemoth corporation which is Amazon because sometimes if you can't beat in you join them you got to learn what's going on in the inside and that was really interesting for me and it also was just not quite the right fit for my personality of I like this idea of founder startup world I like to test and learn I'm not always great with with rules restrictions solid processes that I can't Implement build upon or ruin and start over still from the ground up and so that's when I made the leap over to Unilever Prestige my role at Unilever Prestige is unique because it's almost like a consultant we have 10 brands within our portfolio in 2014 Unilever embarked on a journey to kind of tap into what they perceived to be the fastest growing Market which was premium Beauty and they bought over 10 years 10 brands and we let those Brands own and operate their own businesses we love for them to keep their unique point of views and sensibilities and what makes each and every one of them meaningful to a consumer but we also have the central team myself who helps oversee their businesses and make sure that they're making better decisions for directed consumer and also Amazon so that is what I am doing today and how I got here that's really cool and I mean obviously you have a ton of experience from Nordstrom to well like startups to kind of somewhere in the middle to Amazon now Unilever maybe talk me through having all this different type of experience what are some of the kind of non-negotiable principles that You' seen in Ecom that kind of apply across the board from startup to scaleup yeah it's a great question I think the first thing that comes to mind is having a customer first mindset and my personal Mantra to be Fair has always been meet your customers where they're at and that started early days at Nordstrom and I think we're seeing that happen today with some really unique Partnerships that have popped up even in just the last two years from brands that you've never expect to be in certain places and maybe it's a little bit of a head scratch I'm thinking about Sephora's partnership with instacart and I think that goes to show that you have to think about the customer before anything else and sometimes you have to put your ego aside to serve them like especially for our Brands being in the luxury space we want to remain luxury but we also need to show up for people who need a toner and a moisturizer and maybe they're shopping at Target and instacart and how could we get them on tatcha.com so that's definitely first and foremost and then I would say experimentation and culture of learning utilizing AB testing to continuously improve in scale strategies I love to test and test and test again and if it worked I'm all about making it 1% better and so I think that there's ways to do that that are simple there are ways to do that that are more complex and that is dependent on industry and channel I'm thinking about Amazon versus a startup like Daily Harvest where we might call a couple customers and offer them a gift card to give us insights you know what I mean the way in which you do that is different but the ethos is the same and then I would say probably datadriven decision-making is the third pillar here that across channels across Industries food fashion big company small company you have to leverage analytics to track performance I think especially in marketing everyone thinks they're a marketer and I mean no shade by that it's just it's the truth right you look at something you're like oh I could have told that story better sometimes you can't be subjective and you need the data to gut check you and tell you if this is the thing that the customer needs or it's just the thing that you wish they needed where have you seen if ever where making datadriven decisions has actually been the wrong move like do you think it's always in the data or do you think that sometimes you can kind of miss the trees and the forest when you're looking too deep into the data I'm so glad you asked this question I saw this a lot in my early career in fashion because what happens in fashion business is you have an item that sells and then next year you want to comp your item so you're always looking to your like item to comp sales performance sell through you're looking at it for pricing but the data doesn't understand Trends it doesn't understand culture so a like item from last year might be totally irrelevant the coming year because of whatever's happening in the market and so that's where you have to balance your maybe you would say gut intention but I think it's also just an understanding of what's happening in the world with what the data knows to be true and I also think we're seeing that play out a little bit right now in what's going on in the AI space and generative Ai and how we can use some of these tools in our businesses to make better decision it's like yes and do they understand fully like the voice and tone and the culture and the way and things need to change I'm not sure I think that they're going to get there and they'll probably get there faster than some of us but to your point yes you have to have a strong gut feeling and attention you have to be staying on top of culture and at the pulse of what's going on with your customers and in their lives and in a way you need to anticipate their needs before you need even have data to tell you that that's the correct thing to do and I have a million examples of that but once you do it then it's like all right let the data tell you if that was the right or wrong thing you know that makes sense and I'm curious you folks went down the luxury path you went through acquiring different businesses and now you kind of sit as like an adviser to the brands I have personal experience with the lvmh portfolio the richo portfolio the hannes brands and everyone has a different opinion on what's a central decision and what's a brand level decision I'm ious what do you think the best kind of mix and match is of kind of central Authority versus Brand level Authority and for example like should the brands pick what platform they're on should they decide where the marketing dollars go so I'm curious like where have you seen it go right and where have you seen it gone wrong incredible question also so complex where I think that I've provided the most value and a central lens has provided the most value is the brands themselves own their brand they know who they are best first and foremost and a lot of that is because their Founders are still either deeply involved or that ethos runs so deep that they can't ever lose sight of that because it's ingrained in the Heritage and the DNA and that's not something that we have at a central level however I can look across all of these unique Brands and pull out wins let's say I'm noticing that Kate Somerville is doing a really great job with new customer acquisition I can then build a case study that I take to other brands and I say Hey listen paid social is really important in both your early and late touch points and in fact we're noticing that ads that clearly articulate brand value offer some sort of strong introductory promile or really touching on efficacy are driving conversions across all channels and I'm noticing that you're spending your media dollars a little bit across the funnel which you want to have a funnel strategy but you're talking about Innovation more than you're talking about core you're not using Tik Tok as a late touch point and I can help bring them along the Journey of Brands who are doing it really well that then it doesn't feel like it's a directive that's being delivered from a central team who doesn't understand their business but rather another business who has this unique personality has tested and learn things that I'm sharing with them to your point on platforms this is where I start to get really excited because I think we have examples of this today with our UK teams all of our UK teams have migrated to Shopify so I now have a standard foundation in which to build on I'm going to use tatcha as an example they implemented shoplift for AB testing it's working really well now we know that all of the brands should have abbl lift as part of their Shopify stack in the United States it's a little bit more all over the map we have some folks on Salesforce Commerce Cloud we have some folks on Shopify and so what I would love everyone to eventually move over to Shopify and I think that could and should be a central decision of hey this is the future this is what your stack could look like here's the success we're already seeing this is how I project you would expect to see increase in revenue or conversion or whatever your metrics are there's also complexities of I'm thinking about Paula's Choice being this Behemoth probably one of the first dtoc skincare Brands all these Global markets driving hundreds of millions of dollars in Revenue a year it's not a simple for them to migrate to Shopify so a central decision might be helping them flush out that road map and breaking it down into Milestones so I think there's a give and take of where it makes sense for us I would never say dictate but help drive and support the decision-making the last thing I'll make a note on because I think this is where some rub happens is marketing decisions the brands own and operate their businesses they hire the best of the best marketing leads there are instances where from a central lens we've seen enough Brands try things I'm going to use celebrities as an example that maybe we would say actually the bang is not worth the buck or the buck is not happening here so instead of going after this big celebrity partnership you might want to think about micros or Nanos or we have this other recommendation because if they're not talking to each other they might just see oh living Pro had Paris Hilton we want to do something big and splashy like that and it's like okay but was that actually the right investment or are you just looking at that as an example of what seems like it's great but you don't have the knowledge or the context that it was a good or not a great decision and this might be a complex question so please let me know if I'm not articulating myself well we've seen recently and there's a bit of a left turn here that like Salesforce has kind of moves part of their strategy just as a business for a second where they've made a lot of Acquisitions but it wasn't really integrated that well their words not mine and in the era where everything's moving towards AI where like data data cleanliness is really key do you think that in skin care and luxury folks can really nail personalization without sharing information across Brands no I don't know if this is a hot take but my answer is no I think that we learn best from each other and ter personalization has almost become slightly triggering to me because it's like everyone talks about personalization they're personalizing this and they're personalizing that and it's like well is it really personalized or is it just the Baseline what customers have come to expect when they drop on your site and then how are you taking it a bit further you know in skincare we have quizzes we want to ask you about your skin type we want to recommend products that make sense to you at Daily Harvest you have unique dietary restrictions or you have specific allergens you need to steer clear of or you have taste references how do we co-create to make sure that the products that you see on the digital shelf make sense for your life and the way that you eat and the times that you eat and the type of food that is that has to be onetoone communication and conversation and that would happen in each brand but there are probably themes that bubble up that we need to share across of ways in which folks are engaging with personalization or what they've come to expect because all of our sites can have a quiz and that can be AI driven and they don't really need to talk to anyone about the quiz they're like oh well this is what customers are using and we see that be a retention driver and we know that that helps retain customers and increase LTV but like what's next you you just have 10 sites with 10 quizzes what's the quiz 2.0 a I can't tell us that we need to talk to each other and figure out how do we take this a step further is it a chat bot is it a loyalty program where we're delivering content to your inbox based off of your results so I don't think that you can do personalization well if if you're not sharing learnings across I don't know that personalization is a only me thing I think it's like a me and people like me thing well I think the example I would give right is let's say I was working at the floor in a Nordstrom someone comes in I get to know them over time I get to learn like you said maybe they have an allergy they have a preference and there's 10 different brands that I could kind of bring them towards right in theory if they're all under the same portfolio like un I would have that information and I could effectively help cross sell across different types of Brands I feel like to your point in the absence of having almost like a unified maybe I'm over simp like unified customer ID that kind of is felt across the different brands I feel like it's a missed opportunity because every time you kind of go on you have 10 different data sources that are kind of siloed from each other in this theoretical example so I'm curious to see I know it's a hot take and I actually know that most of the luxury fashion brands are staying away from this yeah I mean it makes sense when you consider their point of view right they're competitors it's like why do they want to share learnings they're competing against each other like we don't want you to know what we're doing but I think there's a way to share that you can still keep what makes you unique and different and not give it all away that is still a way to learn I mean if none of us shared we would know know anything like the only reason I know something is cuz I learned it from someone else right so there's got to be a little bit of that in the luxury space and I also think that luxury is going to change a ton over the next couple years especially with the advances in Ai and I know that this was a topic of conversation at shop talk fall which was does human touch actually become luxury in the future where everything is automated everything is already personalized they have all of the data about you you don't even have to add things to your cart anymore they've already done it so is the luxury experience that you are still going to a salon and getting a facial and someone's touching and feeling your skin like how do we bring some of that onetoone back into the experience digitally is what I'm focusing on for sure would you rather your portfolio companies in the luxury space cut their cost to try and meet their sales forecast or just hold firm on the price and potentially miss how are you folks looking at that from a high level what a question kayln it's tough it's tough we have some brands in the portfolio who absolutely do not discount do not promo do not participate on Amazon turkey 12 which is happening right now and they still drive sales because they've positioned themselves in a place in the market where you're going to buy no matter what I know you mentioned that you work with card I think about them all the time like you're not buying a love bracelet because it's 5% off you're buying a love bracelet because you want that thing on your wrist and you want everyone to to see that you have it but we also have some brands in the portfolio that don't have the luxury of that positioning in the market and so in order to get there eventually as you know an aspiration they do need to Discount they do need to promo so we really take it on a a brand bybrand basis and of course it depends what the goals are and if we think we could make it up other months and we have other activations going on campaigns new product Innovations launching but yeah It's Tricky how do you measure brand dilution can you I think that we start can it's interesting you ask this we just ran an analysis we were looking at search Trends on Google across some of our competitors Pol Choice Inky list cavey L Ro pet kind of like across price points and you notice everyone starting to decline across the board everyone's declining a bit and it's like all right well how do we maintain how do we decline a little bit less because we obviously see Trends in the overall market and then we compare how are we pacing against those Trends and are we actually already beneath the trend if skincare is declining and like one of our Brands is already all the way down like that's not great we have a brand problem but if it's like everyone's declining and we're still actually like a little bit flat okay that's helpful knowledge so it's really kind of a compare and contrast game I think that the most difficult part about our business is maintaining a brand identity and knowing that you want to reach new customers and acquire new customers and remain relevant but still hold true to your brand so when you think about brand dilution is it that you were playing on price and now you're just being out priced the only reason someone would return to your brand and pay more is because of your brand right so that brand piece remains really really important to continuously look at and improve and like I mentioned earlier make 1% better but it's not a science it's very much a Art and Science that I would assume everyone probably struggles with a little bit I would agree I think what's crazy and we could wrap here is if you map out the Enterprise value of publicly traded retail businesses the ones that have stayed away consistently over time from discounting have the highest Enterprise Value and it's a very interesting take obviously that completely removes the Walmarts the Amazon from the world right so like removing that I'm talking about unless your competitive Advantage is cheaper and better so like an Amazon or a Walmart the Enterprise values have effectively degraded and I don't want to call anyone out specifically but like anyone who kind of got hooked on that consistent discounting is reflective in their stock prices so it's interesting I mean we have Hourglass in our portfolio such a strong brand if you close your eyes and someone says hourglass you see the pallets you see the artwork you can almost feel the color and they don't discount they don't promo on Amazon T12 they're not participating they're crushing it everyone wants a pallette for Christmas they don't care if it's 5 10 15% off but yeah it doesn't work across the board so it's interesting to see how this will play out especially you know filming this podcast now during almost with Black Friday Cyber Monday when everything is on sale it's a it's a big topic absolutely well Alexis this was a pleasure I really appreciate you taking the time thanks so much for jumping on the podcast yeah thanks for having me the e-commerce toolbox expert perspectives is brought to you by noou to find out more about noou and how we can help you debug your e-commerce site and Rocket your Revenue visit www.o.com that's no bu.com and then make sure to search for the e-commerce toolbox expert perspectives on Apple podcast Spotify Google podcast or anywhere else podcasts are found and click subscribe so you don't miss out on any future episodes on behalf of the team here at noou thanks for listening

- Episode 1: Inside Luxury Watch Culture | The Prestige Edit ft. Dial Watch Club: Kind: captions Language: en Luxury time pieces have held fascination in both art and engineering for decades since the advent of the first wristwatch. The Dial Watch Club joins us to explain the value of analog technology in an overtly digital world. And the series is proudly brought to you by Luxury Time. My name is Sandy Torquato, editor-in-chief at Prestige Magazine, and this is the Prestige Edits. Welcome back to The Dial. I'm Yanco Kumeba. And I'm Takani Moyani. Let's get into it. Well, I've known this man since high school. Long time. >> Yeah, uh since grade eight we met and I'm in the same high school and um yeah, we've literally just kicked off. And then we were at a gym Yes. in the basement and we were just talking about a new watch that was released and we're like, you know, it'd be so cool if we just spoke about watches. Yeah. And that's how The Dial Watch Club was born. >> And that was it. Yeah. [laughter] Literally. And luckily we have a a lot of people in who are part of the team Yeah. >> Dial who are just also love watches [snorts] and >> Also from friends from from high school as well. >> high school as well. from later in life and yeah, we all just click really. Yeah. Small team. >> Everyone has their different skills. Everyone has their different facets. I mean, of course we're the ones that you see on YouTube, but there's a team of writers and team of like strategists behind it as well, all making this dream work that started from a passion. Yeah. And we just for some reason, I don't know well, for me at least it was a more personal with family. Yes. My dad is, you know, we have the same similar story. Yes. Dads both love watches and we just used to watch them like get ready and get dressed and put the watch on. And the suit and just like I want that. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Literally, uh we met and then yeah, it just made it just made sense at the time and now we're here. Yeah. Horology, simply put, is somebody, or horologist, is someone who studies time. So, horology is literally the scientific study of time. Mhm. And human beings we've been fascinated with it so much to the point where we ended up making machines to track the time. Yes. And today we call those watches. Exactly. I mean, it didn't start off with the wristwatch, right? It started off with pocket watches. Started off with sundials. I mean Yeah, with clocks and Time has been a part of the history of humans since forever. So, yeah, I mean, horology is it's such a broad term, but it's also a very niche term because horology could mean you're an artisan of watchmaking or horology could mean telling of the time like you've said before. So, it's big, but it's small. Yeah. Big and small and we use time everywhere. Yes. So, technically we all study horology in our own way, whether you're doing time management or you're a bit of a fanatic with this little thing on our wrist. Exactly. Um it goes both ways. Uh so, that's what an ho- that's what horology actually is. Yeah. The whole purpose of watchmaking is the appreciation of human creativity. Mhm. Cuz if you really look at what makes a watch, I mean, there are watches here that have got about, you know, anywhere from 150 components to the extreme ones. Yeah, to 2,000. Yeah, to to literally unimaginable amounts of time and effort that it takes. Mhm. Um you know, especially in watchmaking we at the dial, we like to talk a lot about micro brands. So, the smaller watch brands that are not, you know, that have the biggest marketing budget and they're not really in your face all the time. Yeah. And you don't realize that it takes so long For sure. to make one timepiece. It takes long. I mean, there are brands that we've covered that you know, they'll you'll buy the watch and they'll say you'll you'll get it in 2 years' time. Mhm. Cuz the waiting list. Yes. Cuz it takes that long to make Yes. just one for one person. So, it's definitely um the appreciation for human creativity. Mhm. And it's a form of innovation, right? Um you know, starting from all the way from Blancpain, I mean, from 1735. That's the first known wristwatch brand. Um all the way to now. >> yeah. You know, it's like 1735. You can't even imagine like the world back then, but we've always been fascinated by okay, how how how much better can we make something? Exactly. >> Even fun enough, we even obsessed with how much can we how better can we track time? For sure. >> Which is yeah. And I just add to that, I mean, today we are living in a world full of automation. Everything's automated, right? AI, robotics, everything like that. So, now we're our mindset or as humans are now going back to the days where things were handmade. The craft of it, working with your hands, being an artisan, being a watchmaker. So, I would argue the reason why engineering and analogous watchmaking is so prevalent is because nothing you can't really put a price on human hands and what it takes to actually make a watch. The blood, the sweat, the tears. And that's what people are now starting to enjoy now because now we're living in a world where everything is done for you, but few things are done with your hands. And the digital space, just to add to that, helps because now everyone can see it. Yes. You know, now you can actually can see what it takes to make a timepiece. For sure. You know, it's not just fancy diamonds everywhere, beautiful. You have to cut those and you have to make those holes in the watch. >> holes, you have to cast the case, you have to, you know, integrate the bracelet. And again, it's the type of craft that makes one mistake You have to. You have to scrap it and start again. >> Yeah. Fair enough. And that's why a lot of people talk about prices and stuff, but at the dial we talk a lot about, you know, watches are not that expensive. They don't have to be. >> Yes. If you're aware and if you're you know aware of what is actually out there. You don't have [clears throat] to stick to the small big brands. I say small big brands being the quantity. Yes. But actually explore your mind and be like, oh, there's literally even in this in our very lovely country here, we've got a few watch brands here ourselves. So Yeah. For sure. I mean, appreciating the story as well because each watch brand has a story whether you're young one one or two years as a watchmaker or whether you're somebody like Rolex. Or whether you have owned a watch for a number of years and you know, you have a story behind it. It's about the story and that's what you're supposed to appreciate in a watch and that's what we believe at the top. And I think what people don't know is what it takes to make a caliber. And I think that is probably still one of the best kept secrets in the world because there's literally watch education centers. Usually more in Europe, but I think Africa is now coming up with watch education centers that actually take you through what a caliber is and basically a caliber is an engine of the watch, what it takes and how to put things together. I mean, they're working with literal microscopic things where they have to put a monocle on top of a monocle on top of a monocle. So, it's that, you know, detailed thing and steady hands as well. And why it's also so difficult to make a watch. Yeah. In watchmaking there's something called complications. Yes. So, a complication is of is the feature that a watch is capable of doing. So, whether you can track multiple time zones, minute repeaters, timer, you know, a tachymeter, so many even even even a date reader on the watch or a day-to-day reader. >> [clears throat] >> These complications or these features, if you will, actually require their own unique pieces and everything has to work together. Yes. So, there are watches in the world that have 26 complications. They can do 26 different things at the same time. >> simultaneously accurately accurately every time you do it. So, it's like, okay. When you realize there's the scale to it and there are people really pushing the boundaries well. I mean, you know, you want to go across to the different materials, you know, stainless steel, use gold, there's platinum, there's white gold, there's even now these more synthetic fibers that people are trying to create a city. How how can we reduce the cost of making the really small, you know, gears in a in a timepiece more affordable to produce. So that watchmaking is not only affordable, it's less costly if you make a mistake. And that's why a watchmaker, the actual person that puts the watches together goes to school and studies 5 years minimum to actually learn how to make a watch from scratch and understand this goes here, that goes there. If you watch those videos I love watching those videos where they they literally put a microscopic thing in their eye like this. They're like this and then they have little tweezers. And it's literally also been used for marketing these days because like I said before in the previous question, people want to see that. Yeah, people actually be like, "Okay, I'm buying so much I'm spending so much money. Why?" Why? And then the guy's like, "Okay, let me put this apart. Here's 173 components. I have to put this together perfectly every time." >> Yes. And put it into a 5-minute video. >> [laughter] >> If um you obviously your your if there's a problem it is obviously my it will be to the fault of the of the artisan themselves. So yeah, it's very important that you understand that watches is very expensive because it takes so much time. For sure. Actually quite a bit into that figure and it comes through research. The one that he has on his wrist. Yes, the one I have on my wrist I'm wearing an Ingari timepiece locally made local timepiece, lovely watchmaker. I think one of the things just to echo with South African watchmaking is such a new industry in the sense that when it comes to the creation of watches. But the love of watches the love of watches is deep here. Yes. I mean some of the biggest brands on the planet are here. Yeah. Because there's so much attention and there's a culture and an audience building even greater especially amongst our generation when it comes to watches especially in South Africa, and there's a lot of watchmakers. I mean, one we met in Cape Town. I mean, he he showed us a watch that he he was busy with. Yeah, busy making. Like, it's not even a brand yet. Yeah, and and it was like, oh my goodness, you know? And that's and that's home, you know? You feel like, okay, we actually have a voice. And when we realized that there isn't really a platform like ours that talks about watches compared to, you know, how the rest of the world, you know, is engulfed in the watch making especially on the European side, especially on the [clears throat] African side. African side, we said, okay, Let's focus here. Let's let's actually push our voice out there, and people can say, oh yeah, Africa also, you know? I mean, you know, some of the again, arguably, I think we've got the three apart from the We actually do I think we have the Holy Trinity in South Africa. We do, right? Yes. [clears throat] We do For those of you don't know, that's Vacheron Constantin, Audemars Piguet, and Patek Philippe. Yeah. And yeah, man, South Africa is really growing, and Africa as a whole, I mean, we've encountered some watch brands from Ghana, from Kenya, Mhm. and Botswana as well. For sure. So, there's definitely Africa is growing. We're growing, and I think we want to be part of the growing the growth and to grow it exponentially. 100%. I mean, bringing it also back to South Africa, there's also other South African watch brands like Droken. Droken is another one. Droken watches as well. >> you know, he's I think he's based out I think. In New Zealand? >> Zealand, I think it must be. Another good brand. The one I'm wearing is actually a Southern California brand, but it's actually has a lot of ties in South Africa. Um what else is there? There's also one we had on the channel, Adima, another brand. >> as well. Good things coming out of South Africa, but definitely more room for improvement, and we want to grow the industry as fast as it is growing elsewhere. Yeah. We want to be considered in the conversation from the start and not towards the end. >> End, yeah. Um I think for for me especially is I want to have more than three education centers that teaches um young South Africans and Africans how to make watches from scratch. Kind of like the way you see other Swiss schools and artisan schools. I want to have at least three. One in Gauteng, one in Durban, one in Cape Town, and potentially even a way to expand it more. So, I really want this watch industry to expand in Yes, you can create a watch band, but knowing how to build it up from building it yourself to branding to marketing. I want an education center that covers all that. Kind of like a How do you say a Wits University, but for watches? That's cool. That's cool. And they can compete in that way. So, that's the way I would love to to see that and love to be a [clears throat] part of it as well. >> And growing a new industry, I mean, it's not a thing here. Yeah. >> yet. I mean, there's you go to Switzerland, I mean, they've they've got museums. Yes. >> They've got watch museums cuz they they it's part of their culture and we want to sort of build a culture with our generation and the younger to say, this is another space you can enter. Mhm. It's there's it's we're no longer in the traditional space anymore. And so, watchmaking is seen as traditional, but it actually isn't anymore either. So, why not um expand not only knowledge through our channel, but actually, you know, practical knowledge and actually bringing that expertise to side and building it here. Yeah. Uh Watches and Wonders, of course, is happening in Geneva. That's the biggest thing right now uh in our industry. And um why doesn't Africa host its own equivalent? Yeah. That should be an annual thing. That should be a quarterly thing even. >> Yes. Why not? I I don't see a reason why not. We've we have of space and we have the investment. And we have the minerals. And we have the minerals, and we have the tension. Everybody loves to come here for holiday. You might as well come to watch event or two, you know? And buy a watch it. Why Why not? >> Yeah. Um I mean, there's uh just to echo that sentiment. I mean, there's people that travel to like Japan, for example. Yeah. And they go to the market in Japan just to buy watches. They fly to a whole 'nother country just for timepieces. So, that interest and that uh love Yeah. that love for the industry exists. Um so, we want people to know like, "Oh, we're also here, and you can do you can express and enjoy your love for watches in South Africa and in Africa as a whole." Yeah. We always loved horology, but I mean, ever since we started the channel, we've noticed um jump hour movements. Recently? Yes. Jump hours are everywhere. Okay. >> Yeah. Maine Bremont AP Maine, yeah. Well, you said Maine, yes. >> Yeah, I mean, Audemars Piguet. I mean, it's literally like So, a jump hour is Yes, explain it. Okay. >> Okay, this is cool. So, a jump hour is a particular complication, if you will. You can say that. But the way the watch looks looks is that there is no, generally, it is a complete flush dial finish >> and case finish with only generally Yeah. a one window where the number for the hour is visible. Yes. And then the hour hand will move throughout the dial. And literally, when when it gets to the end point to indicate the next hour, it literally jumps back. Um and >> Sort of like a digital kind of weird kind of the way Yeah. Um with with no sound. Some Some watches have chimes attached to the to the jumping back, but generally, um that's not the case. Yeah. And why I like it so much is because it it allows freedom for to design on the actual case and the dial. Because you don't need full sapphire. You don't need uh as much real estate on the case or on the dial. You can reduce the amount of exposure to the numbers so that you can be more artistic, you know, maybe have some more designs there here and there. Yeah. I think for me, maybe it's probably not a recent trend or maybe it's always been there, but I feel like a lot of watchmakers are now putting a lot of tourbillons onto their watches. I think they're now putting on more than one tourbillon. They just More than usual. Yes. >> Yeah, more than usual and it's more brands than we usually expect. Yes. You know. >> And microbrands as well now. Yeah, from microbrands. Cuz now they have so much investment from wherever they get investment from and so much passion as well that they're also able to put a tourbillon on their own microbrands. And another thing is actually with women when it comes to watches. >> Yes. There's a lot of women getting interested in larger cased watches as well. >> Yes. So most watches for women you'll find are 32 mm to about 36 mm cases in terms of size. >> Yeah. And then men from 37 to 45 45 even, right? >> That's when you starting to get into the really chunky watches. It's so funny because like um we're as men actually wanting to go to smaller dials than the women actually go. >> it's reverse. Yeah, it's literally women are looking at bigger cases and men are looking at smaller cases. Yeah. >> Um maybe it's a more vintage um approach cuz a lot of vintage timepieces were traditionally watches traditionally were associated with jewelry. Yes. So they were a lot smaller generally speaking as and then they gradually got bigger and bigger. Yes. But now most brands are offering a larger range of sizes for cases to to account for all potential um customers and enthusiasts. But yeah, definitely women are looking at bigger cases and men looking at smaller cases. >> That's one really It's interesting to see the divide, yeah. Yeah, I mean the amount of men I've seen wear Cartiers for example. Oh, yes. >> Like 35 mm Cartiers is crazy. Yeah. 5 6 7 years ago that wasn't that wasn't that wasn't a thing. That wasn't an open conversation. And also the trend of vintage watches I said earlier. A lot of people are realizing that um to get into watches you don't have to go into the new guys. You can actually look at the past >> Yes. and start your collection and understanding of watches back then. And there's value in that and there's major history in that as well. >> Extreme history, yeah. Um I think let's start off with >> Let's get right into it. >> this lovely um I knew you were going to grab that. Let's do it. >> This is an incredible Girard-Perregaux >> Perregaux uh Laureato 42 mm black ceramic sports watch. Guys, let me tell you something. What makes this one so special is if you can see on the actual dial that it is fully skeletonized. Yeah. So you can actually see the open work single thing moving in the watch from the front as well as the back. Let me open this back. >> the case back for me is my favorite. Yeah? I mean, just go ahead and put it on, man. This is absolutely stunning. This is absolutely incredible. I mean >> time for this, by the way. A lot of people, funny enough, with Girard-Perregaux in general, Yes. because this is an octagonal case, right? As you can see, guys, it's a eight-sided um case. Yes. Most people associate eight-sided cases with a very famous watch and a very famous brand. >> Yes. Um Shouldn't Can I say Should I say it? Yeah. Just say it. Right? Royal Oak. If you know If you You should know what a Royal Oak is by now. >> Audemars Piguet Royal Oak, yes. because they're known for the octagonal case, but Girard-Perregaux also has Yes. an octagonal Laureato. And to some people, this is the equivalent in terms of high luxury haute horlogerie uh sports watches, you know, competing with um AP and the likes. >> But you know, you actually just said sports watches, but I think you can get away with the dressing this formal. Especially in a black tuxedo. James Bond style. Well, all black, sure. All black for sure. I mean, they because it's a fully skeletonized open work. >> Yes. That is already a conversation starter. Yeah. Completely. For sure. One interesting thing about this watch is that it has a 54-hour power reserve. >> Yes, yes, yes, yes. >> So, once you wind it and it's good to go 54 hours, it will will not skip a beat unless it stays on your wrist. For sure. 54 hours, you leave it on your desk, you forget about it. It will keep running. Mhm. Perfect. >> Perfectly. Let's talk about Girard-Perregaux. Uh fun fact, they used to uh for any of you Formula 1 fans out there, they used to sponsor Aston Martin. I believe they no longer do, but they used to be one of their main sponsors for Aston Martin. So, they do have a little bit of a racing history. Um Sakani said it already before, it's a ceramic. So, it looks heavy on screen, but it's actually very, very light. >> Extremely light and it is not fully scratch Scratch proof that, yeah. But, it is highly scratch proof because black ceramic is very well, ceramic is a very tough material. Exactly. >> handle a lot of damage, hence why we will put it under the category of a sports watch. So, if you are in a position where there's a lot of movement needed, this watch should hold up. Yes. I mean >> Triple folding clasp as well. So, it doesn't fold outwards like a normal watch. It actually folds inwards. And when you fold it inwards, you see the beautiful logo as well, GP as well. Screw down crown. So, in order for you to adjust it, you have to unscrew it. I mean, what else? You've mentioned a lot of these things. Open case back. I think the open case back is my favorite, especially when taking it off. >> You've always loved open case backs. Ah, dude, it's showing it off. The thing is you The thing is that you you're a you're an engineer yourself. Yes. So, you just love how looking at things work. Yeah. >> So, this is definitely a watch for people who enjoy um the intricacies of watches. Yeah. You know, and this is a kind kind watch that you look at just for the sake of looking at it. For sure. I don't even think you look at the time most of the time. Yeah, oh no, no, no. You're just looking at >> meant to look at the time. I think it's meant to to intimidate business people. >> Business [laughter] people, yeah. And uh I have a quick question. Yeah. Um this is 500,000 rand. Now, do you think it's worth 500,000 rand? 100%. I don't think you I don't think people understand how rare Girard-Perregauxs actually are. >> Yes. Um if you know the history of this brand at some point they did have to not say go bankrupt, but they did go under and then they >> came back >> eventually. So, a lot of their pieces take a long time to make. Mhm. And um they're part of an incredible group. Yes. So, yeah, this this is easily a watch that you can buy. It is highly highly durable for a watch this price. I mean, what else are you paying for? Mhm. Um and from afar it looks like a watch that is intimidating to your point, but also understates it. Yeah. >> It's not shiny. It's not in your face. It's stealth or black. >> It's all about its business. >> When you get up close and personal, you're like, "Oh." Mhm. Ah. Ah, I see what you're talking about. >> I see what you mean, but >> over AP or what do you think? For your for you? For me, I mean, we've had this conversation. I don't the hype for me eventually gets a bit overwhelming. Mhm. So, I think if I walk into a room with this other than >> Oh, that's something different. >> People are going to be like, What is that? >> Firstly, how did you get it? Because where did you find it? >> Yes. Um and a Lauriato What is a beautiful sports watch and it is one of Girard uh Girard-Perregaux's bigger pardon. What is 2 million rand? uh most popular uh timepieces, one of them. Yes. Um it is actually quite difficult to get your hands on. So, this is definitely a steal for that price. Right. I think uh let's move on to your favorite. Let's move on to My favorite, ah. Of course. The Cartier, excuse my French. I hope I said it correctly, but I think I I [laughter] I did well. Yeah. Uh the Cartier Tank Louis Cartier. >> Cartier. Guys, I mean, I've I've I've said this >> What are you saying? for a long time. Yes. Roman numerals for some reason for me is just beautiful. >> as well. Roman numerals with the blue Breguet Yes. hands Yes. iconic Cartier. Yes. One beautiful thing about this watch, why is it called a tank? Because this design was inspired by the top down view of World War I tanks. Yes. If you literally look at the watch from this angle above, that's what tanks used to look like. Yeah. From from the helicopters, from the airplanes, beg your pardon. Yeah. Like in World War I, and that inspired Cartier to make this design. Yes. And it is so iconic because the military, of course, wore it. A lot of very important people have worn it. One of your favorite people to refer to, Princess Diana, >> Diana. uh, famously owned uh, a very rare Very rare. I don't even know where it is in the world. Uh, Cartier Tank. Probably uh, on Sotheby's, you never Sotheby's. Um, but this is incredible. This Tank Louis is special because it's a full platinum. Yes. 100% 18K 750, guys. Yes. This is unbelievable. >> You said uh, the platinum is one of the strongest. You said the the 18K platinum is the strongest. It's incredibly strong. It's incredibly strong. And for a dress watch, Yes. and I say dress watch because that's what people are usually associated Cartier's for. Um, this dress watch is you There's no reason to have a dress watch this strong. Exactly. Uh, it's not going to go anywhere wet ideally. You're not going to get it dirty. You're not going to get it dusty. Yeah. But they've Cartier's, I mean, they're they're a household name. >> I love that le- leather strap, by the way. Black leather black leather strap, beautiful. Definitely giving ostrich leather Yeah. to me, but it is honestly just just it's just incredible. Straight leather, yeah. Incredible timepiece. This is um, classic a classic Yes. a lot of brands, other big watch brands have tried to replicate. Mhm. Um Yes, oh, for sure. >> Yeah, they've tried to replicate all the brands. But, honestly, brands that are using the tank shape, right? >> Yes. Any watch that has this shape is called a tank for a reason. And Cartier was initially the ones that inspired it, yeah. >> that inspired it and and over the years many brands have tried to get their own spin on it, but, you know, You can't really do it like Cartier. >> really do it like Cartier. And even when another brand makes it, they can give it a different name, but Oh, that's true. >> the but the sub copy must say tank because people will be like, "Oh, no, but that's a tank." >> That's a tank, yeah. We've now asso- We've now associated the shape um with the word tank. So, this is honestly an absolute steal. I mean, I don't think anyone looks bad in a Cartier. Yes. I don't think that's possible. That's It's very difficult to look bad in a Cartier. >> If that's the case, then I don't know what you're doing wrong. Speaking of the name, Louis Cartier. Now, Of course. just for the audience, who was Louis Cartier? Louis Cartier was the person that started the Cartier tank. So, he's the one that pioneered all of this that you see today. And it started off with a Cartier tank and then it went to the Dumont and he met Mr. Dumont who was who loved to fly and, you know, you know, the story goes on. So, that is who Louis Cartier is. But, I mean, in terms of everything else, this is nice. I think, yes, you're saying it's a dress watch, but I think you can rock it for sport as well. I think you can I think this is something that you could have played polo with for any for any of you polo players out there, but yes, I I do feel like that. One thing that you forgot to mention as well is the crown. Of course. Oh, yeah. >> mention you love the the blue I mean, you'll see it in B-roll as well. And also it has blue hands as well. So, yeah, I mean, this is great. Now, is 300 Actually, it's 399,000 rand on the luxury time website. Does it justify that price tag, Mr. Tsikini? Talk to me. I think any Cartier's worth any price. >> Okay? Honestly, I I don't think you can get wrong you can go wrong with this. Yeah. Male, female, any size, works on almost any wrist, unless you have a extremely large wrist or extremely small wrist. Yeah. Um but honestly, I I think there's a There is a There's a Cartier out for everybody. Yeah. Um I believe that is one of those brands that just it just screams class. And I think Cartier is one of those brands that steps away from engineering and it starts to enter into culture. Yes, yes. >> Right? It's more like, okay, it's a watch, but like the Cartier, what kind of person are you, you know? >> Yes. >> Who Who are you to even, you know, feel comfortable rocking this because >> when people notice it and if you know watches >> You have to be brave to rock this, yeah. You have to be very brave to rock this, but uh Cartier >> any price is worth it, trust me. And I mean, also the brand itself, Cartier, it's really growing this year. I'm sure we we've seen it everywhere. I mean, movies, stars, sports stars. >> Yeah. I think Cartier, this brand is going to make big waves, but I think Cartier for me, I think it's it's probably going to be the best brand of this year. I would >> Cartier is the best brand. I'm calling it now. I mean, we're in April, Wow. but by the time we get to December, I think Cartier would have dwarfed all of them. Really? >> Yeah. It's really a brand that's resonating with the youth. Cartier, we're we're watching out for you. Um and we'll see we'll we'll get back to this conversation, actually. For sure. Later on in the year. we've saved the best for last. Arguably, the king of watches. Yes. Uh Has a crown in its logo, so >> This is a very heavy >> Yes. Rolex GMT-Master II. Some of you know this as the Pepsi. >> Meteorite, yeah. Right? It's a Pepsi. This specifically is, as you correctly stated, meteorite dial, white gold, um bracelet and case. Absolutely stunning. I mean Oyster. Oyster Perpetual Date. I mean, this is one of the most famous watches in the world because when Pan Am Yes. >> famous Pan Am Yes. was Airlines, yeah. Airlines was first ever took their first ever flight, the pilot that was aboard that flight was wearing a GMT Master, the first one. >> Yes, and they made it blue and red in the colors of the >> of Pan Am. >> Yeah. So, although today we call it Pepsi Actually, there is no colors of Pan Am. Pan Am, the Airlines. For those of you who uh lived around that time. Yeah, if you if you were there, I [laughter] mean, shout out to you. And thank you for watching, but I mean, what is what is there to say about Rolex that the world has not said yet? I mean, dude, it's 949,000 rand. Does it justify the price for you, mate? It's a Rolex. Okay, that's all we needed to hear. It's a Rolex. [laughter] It's a Rolex. This is a GMT. Yes. So, you can track two time zones with this baby. The bezel is fully uh rotational. It is absolutely stunning. >> Omnidirectional, I I think that's what they call it. >> Yes, and omnidirectional so you can go clockwise and anticlockwise. And a lot of GMTs nowadays are unidirectional, so you can only go clockwise, but Rolex does what they want to do anyway. Yes, so this is unidirectional. Uh let's talk about the meteorite dial, mate. You are a big fan of stone dials. Yes. >> Um we've had a few stone dials on the channel. How do you feel about this particular GMT with a meteorite dial? I I can see you I can see you're smiling there. There is a difference between a stone dial and a meteorite dial. Okay. >> Now, meteorite dial is a special stone that comes from space. So, there's a meteor that landed and Rolex uh managed to get a piece of that and put that in the watch. That's also probably explains why it's also very very heavy. So, we can see that the the R&D at Rolex is taking a material such as a meteorite and putting it in the dial must have taken so many man hours. And I think for me that justifies the price for sure. I mean, it looks beautiful as well. I mean, I love the way they styled it. They I don't know. It's it's just I don't know. It It looks like they scratched a little bit but it has this different deep texture that it has to it as well. So, I think this compared to like a normal GMT-Master II Pepsi um this one with the meteorite dial of course it just goes Yeah. It It It's just worth >> Yes, it has a nice also Cyclops as well where you can see the the date reader as well. Um I've always been a fan of the way Rolex makes their movements. Yeah. Um it's just too bad I would have wanted a open case back but you know, that's >> an open case back just >> I just love open case backs but I mean, yeah, in terms of the watch I love the way you open it as well. It reminds you it's a Rolex. You know? Yeah. >> If you were to open it up it's just >> [sighs] >> that sound. It's It's >> That sound Oh man and then you you just put it on. And interesting enough a lot of people think Rolexes recently I've noticed this in this idea that Rolexes are not watches to be worn you know, day-to-day. Mhm. This is a sports watch. This is technically supposed to be a daily. Yes. And a traveler. This is supposed to be a workhorse. Yes. Um so, Rolexes are actually known for making tool watches. That's how they became so famous. They made watches that people can use daily, yeah. day-to-day and not necessarily be afraid to to to to mess it up or or get dirty with it. Swim with it Submariner Deepsea. >> you know, it's it's really just the a brand that has stood the test of time. Yeah. And although it is considered one of the young brands, it only started in the early 1900s. >> 1914, I believe, yeah. Uh oh, no, even earlier than that. Uh much earlier, actually. >> Wasn't 1912? Hans Wilsdorf founded in 1912, I think. >> Around the Oh, I think that's No, that's when he got the patent. That's when he got That's when he got the name. That's when he got the name. >> Yeah. But it is, honestly, uh a brand that um they have the biggest budget, arguably. We all We all know what a Rolex is. Yeah. But, I mean, this watch is just I I You You can't go wrong with a GMT Master >> shame, yeah. And also has lume. People forget that, as well. >> And also has lume. This is literally a workhorse. Yeah. Let's not get it twisted. With the price tag, this is meant to be worn almost every day. Yeah. So, You can daily a Rolex. >> You can daily a Rolex. >> That's the answer to your question. Yes. You can daily a Rolex, as long as it is this uh Pan Am GMT Master II. >> All right, so you want to buy your investment piece. All right, so being fully honest, we at The Dial we don't really believe in investment pieces like buying it buying a watch or buying a timepiece to flip it, but we can give you a couple of tips on how we can For sure get a investment watch, yeah. >> reason for that yeah, is because we think watches should be worn Yes. and not seen as like a just another >> flip it. >> another item, right? >> we everyone's been speaking you know what it takes to make it and culture and history and so on. It's just a form of appreciation. >> Mhm. Um but if you are looking to buy a watch as an investment >> and luxury timepiece, >> timepiece, number one, brand is important. >> Yes. The name will stand. For example, Rolex, king of watches. Everyone knows what that name is. Arguably, mhm, most people. Everyone who likes watches knows a Rolex. >> nine out of 10 people. >> Right, know a Rolex is. So, if you have or if you're going to buy a Rolex, you're most likely going to be it's going to be a decent investment piece. >> Yes. That will go up in value. >> Purely because of the name. Mhm. Now, not ev- not all watches are created equal. Yes. So, just because it's a Rolex, it doesn't mean they're all the same, you'll get a return on investment or whatever. There's a lot of factors that go into it, you know, maybe depends who wears the watch. Demand. Demand for the watch. Um, you know, for example, Rolex became famous because they used to use um, sporting events and events of achievement >> Yes. with the sports people with their watches on to promote themselves to promote success and, you know, achievement and so on. Um, so, this is one thing to look for when it comes to watches is the brand as well as, of course, build quality is essential. >> Yes. And this goes for any watch brand that you focus on or that you're looking at. >> Yeah. Make sure whenever you acquire a timepiece, you've got official verifiable reference numbers. Mhm. You've got official verifiable your box, your papers, everything. Don't miss a beat because that will affect later down the line whether you can sell it or not unless you're able to verify it at the time, but you don't want to risk it. >> Yes. If you've got all the Box and papers. >> Box and papers, reference numbers verifiable with the brand themselves, then you're all good to go. Rolex is a great shout. >> Yeah. Oh, yeah? For sure. I mean, one more thing just to add a quick thing is also material. Guys, you also need to make sure that whenever you're investing into a watch, you need to buy a material that lasts. Now, as you know, in this economy, gold is very valuable, especially white gold because that is also a takes a bit of a process to make. So, if you want to buy an investment piece, also look at the material of the watch as well because that also goes with how much that metal is in the market. But, yeah. 100%. Another thing to look for when it comes to buying an investment piece is personal style. Yes. Ideally, at the dial, we believe you should buy a watch because you want the watch. >> And you love it. And you just want the watch, right? And you can afford it, of course. Yeah. Cartier is a watch I love. I would buy this watch. But, because I understand the cultural relevance and how socially speaking people um are are very drawn very much drawn to a Cartier, you know, high horology, haute horlogerie as they say. Always also look at the social impact of a watch. Because it's very difficult to buy a watch that no one knows and then a couple 4 years down the line you want to sell it and people like, "Oh, but I've never heard of that before. I don't know what that is." So, social currency in this does matter to some degree. >> Mhm. Um >> Want to touch on that, yeah. >> You know, to some degree and of course, ideally you are selling it to a reputable dealer, of course, you know. Um Link in the description. If you know, if you know, you know. Um a reputable dealer will of course verify many things um to make sure that the timepiece that you have is legit and it is proper. I also wanted to just jump in quickly as well and also offer that um you mentioned social acceptability, but it shouldn't be too much because now you can get into an area where you're what we call today's age hypebeasting. Where you're just buying a watch for the sake of the hype. >> Because it's But, then if you're going to buy >> for the sake of hype, then your best case is when the hype is still up, sell it again. Yeah. Um or if you know if you bought it with hype and the value is high and the quality is high and then the demand is still there after the hype, then you can easily sell it for a potentially even a a profit. I would also recommend that you instead of maybe like if you don't want to buy for hype, maybe try and hypebeast yourself. Well, explore more. Go look for other watches that you think will go up in value. Go into the more quiet corners of the watch industry and get together with um you know watch brands that have a vision and have a goal to make this watch valuable. Therefore, when the hype does come, you were already there. 100% and uh micro brands as we say a lot on the channel on our side. Yeah. It is very important that this that those brands keep growing and exposing themselves because that's what keeps the industry fresh and more um accessible. Yeah. Yeah. And the last one, I think you should go with an investment timepiece that suits your lifestyle. Okay. And what I mean by your lifestyle is basically what you do in terms of what work you're engaged in. What do you do on the weekend? You want to have a watch that you can wear all the time and not only for specific occasions. 100%. >> say that, yeah. And rarity, of course, does matter. So, even if a watch is not necessarily hype, Yes. if it is actually a rare timepiece. There's a lot of watch brands that drop limited pieces. Yes. I mean, this past uh week there's a lot of watch brands that have dropped, you know, limited edition 10 pieces, >> Yes. 25 pieces, 20 pieces. You get a hand on one of those, you're probably going to you know, that's a pretty good investment provided >> good about yourself, yeah. And provided that the brand itself is continuing to expand and grow and you know, um grow in their in their personal capacities. Um but yeah, I think looking at these factors for uh an investment timepiece, so just to wrap it up, Yeah. you can definitely consider the social aspect of it. If it's too If it's too um hypebeasty, Mhm. probably not that great. Yeah. The hype When the hype dies down, we'll just wait for the next one. Yes, and then it goes down and then now you're upset. Yeah, and now you're upset cuz now your Your watch is now worth Your watch is now worth Yeah. Um low low amounts of money. Look at the brand. Brand is important. Understand the brand. Study the brand. Actually learn like, okay >> Then the story. Learn the history of the brand. Sure, the big names if you know them, cool. But if you are looking to invest in brands that are coming up, make sure you understand why there's already an existing audience with that brand and if you align yourself with that and you think it's worth it, by all means go ahead. And The third one is the lifestyle. And lifestyle. >> What kind of life you live. Actually, unless you're a business, if you're an individual, buy a watch that you like and understand that, okay, I might this might be an investment one day. Understand these factors, the brand story, the quality of it. Make sure, guys, I can't stress this enough. Make sure when you get the watch, if you can, that you've got verifiable references, box and papers, warranties, whatever is there, you have it. Yeah. Because that will make your life 10 times easier when it comes to selling the watch to another dealer, to another person, to almost anyone, especially in the watch industry where we care about the little finicky details. >> Yes. Some people won't even look at your timepiece if it doesn't come in the original box for example. >> Yes. That is a real thing. You can't trust it, yeah. Yeah, we don't know. There's a lot of, um, you know, fakes out there in the world now. >> are getting really, really good and hard to spot. So you need box and papers, guys. In fact, you know, that might be a chat for another day. Uh, super clones is a real thing. Yeah. So make sure you watch out for that. But yeah, definitely look out for those things when looking to buy an investment piece. One more thing for my side is don't be hasty. Sometimes in your lifetime, let's say you're 30 years old and in your lifetime when you maybe turn 80 and die, it may not be valuable. But you can still use that watch as an heirloom, leaving it for legacies. Maybe if you have children, you leave it for them and who knows, maybe in their lifetime everyone will now start paying attention to that watch that you left 80, 100 years ago. So don't be hasty. If it's not seeming to gain in value yet, maybe just wait a while and maybe think about it as an heirloom and pass it down to your kids and maybe one day it will be valuable. Valuable, yeah. So, from a security standpoint, it's very very important that you also insure your luxury timepiece. Yes, a lot of these platforms nowadays, a lot of the big ones, provide insurance because a lot of these platforms, you know, the famous one of the famous ones like Hodinkee for example, provide insurance for timepieces so that and again, to our most previous conversation, speaking of reference numbers, this is actually important. One of the reasons why watch brands actually include in the specifications of every watch that is produced, the reference number, is that is your trackable number to verify the legitimacy >> the legitimacy of the timepiece and in the making of the watch, a lot of watchmakers will put very specific markings Yeah. inside the movement or the caliber of the timepiece that when it is opened and checked, Mhm. >> it is a very easy thing to say this is definitely not legit or this is 100% verified. >> was opened or this is sealed, yeah. >> This is sealed, this is opened, they can see everything. But, there are a lot of platforms, especially where you buy the timepiece, um I mean, I just to list a few that I know in include insurance, you know, Hodinkee, >> Yes. uh Chrono has insurance now. >> Um WristCheck has um insurance now. Mo- a lot of brands are still pu- pushing for insurance. Most brands really don't have insurance. >> But, there's also also some banks that also Yeah, there are some digital banks, do your research guys, that actually allow insurance on luxury items. >> Items. And some banks, especially in Europe, actually understand now that watches specifically needs its own unique um insurance um policy, if you will, and and and ways around it um to make sure that wherever you are in the world, um you can find your watch. Yeah. God God forbid you lose it or uh it is stolen or of course you just want to make sure wherever you your watch is it is safe. Especially when traveling as well. Especially when traveling it is mostly in Europe now a lot of them are coming are spreading across the world but I just named a few so you can check those guys out and and you'll have a look at what our insurance options they offer. Of course it depends on the value of the timepiece but across the board you can insure literally any timepiece. My dream timepiece budget zero would be the Richard Mille Bubba Watson in white ceramic. Dude, >> that is a very beautiful watch and for those of you who don't know Bubba Watson who who he is he's a golfer. One of the famous most famous one of the most famous golfers and he actually golfs with that watch and the way Richard Mille made that watch is that you can actually take it out to golfing because it's it's shock resistant to I think I don't know it's like 20,000 hurts or something. So you can just think about the golf swing, right? The golf swing is quick. You take it to the top, you swing it and that Richard Mille can literally survive. So it's in white ceramic. You can actually see through the movement. So it's like the dial is see-through. So it's an open case back but you can actually see the movement and out the bottom as well. So yeah that's pretty cool. The second one is the Patek Philippe Nautilus 5711 5712 ruby in rubies. So basically it's ruby stones I think shaped in a baguette around the the case. Full ruby with a black dial. It looks beautiful. I think there's only like a couple in the world. I'm sure one of the Saudi royal families may own one and I believe Jay-Z may may have had one. I'm not sure but yeah that's like a very timepiece. Yeah. Definitely in the millions, both of them. Yeah, for sure. Um Unlimited. >> Yeah, for you. Childhood. Just a dream is a Rolex. They just Ah, Everose. >> Everose two-tone chocolate dial with diamond indices. So, the indicators for the hours on the actual dial is literally In diamonds, yeah. baguette-cut diamonds. Unbelievable. It comes in a four I like the 41 mm case one. Yeah. Very heavy, but I'll wear it every day with pride. Enjoy. >> No shame. Absolutely love that timepiece. I mean, it is a Datejust. So, one of Rolex's most iconic timepieces um models. But, yeah, the Everose diamond indices is just for me chocolate dial specifically cuz I just love the contrast. >> That dial That sunburst dial is just incredible. And then another one that just came to mind now is a micro I'll even micro anymore? Mm. Maximilian Büsser & Friends. >> Okay. MB&F. MB&F HM11. The number 11. >> That is a crazy watch. >> Cuz it's not even cylindrical. It's like four protruding parts. Yes. And then it's ah, it's like a pilot >> Something out of a space ship. >> a pilot's watch, but it's also like a it's it's it can it's technically a time machine cuz they They don't even call their their watches watches, they call them time machines. Um so, definitely an H an HM11 number 11 Maximilian Büsser & Friends is is just incredible. Black strap, stainless steel. Oof. Um the blue indices. I'm I'm I'm in awe with that one. You would take You would take the room by storm. Yeah, 100% walking And I don't know what the price is. That's going in millions and millions and millions. It doesn't matter. They said the budget was unlimited. So, please forgive me. Yeah. >> Yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, it's been the dial. Thank you so much to Prestige Edit for having us. Incredible experience. My name is Yako Kumeba. You can find me on Instagram at It's Yako. That's It's the actual word and y a n k w o at the end on my Instagram. Yeah, I'm Takani Moyani from The Dial. You can find me all over at The Takani. Um that is t h e Takani t s a k a n i. Yeah. And yeah, man. Never forget. And just stay on the watch. Thank you for watching the Prestige Edit featuring The Dial Watch Club. And a special thank you to Luxury Time for making the series possible. Follow Prestige Digital for more.

- Rethinking Prestige Branding: Secrets of the Uber-Brands, Summarized: Kind: captions Language: en rethinking Prestige branding secrets of the Uber Brands summarized by weco books learn how to build a modern Prestige brand in today's market you might think that energy drink company Red Bull and luxury fashion house Hermes have nothing in common yet if you look closely these two world famous Brands follow the same seven marketing principles steps that have ensured their continued success so what are these seven principles and how can they help Brands including yours outperform the competition this book will explain how you can transform your brand into an Uber brand in this book you'll learn how to turn your brand into a hero what a Velvet Rope is in the context of branding and why a face cream that comes with complicated instructions is prestigious exclusivity and high prices don't signify Prestige anymore as technology has leveled the playing field as the global economy changes business strategies are changing along with it so what do companies need to know to build a Prestige brand today one strategy that doesn't work as well as it once did is high prices Brands were once able to distinguish themselves and their customers through extravagant price tags the idea was that a product would become a status symbol when only a few hyper-wealthy individuals could afford it now practically anyone can buy or borrow The Prestige of a brand online flash sales offer designer clothes at a discount while luxury cars can be rented by the hour as a result such luxury items have lost their once exclusive status the new status driver is knowledge in our information age people idolize Superior intelligence just consider the rising status of Rich it professionals once seen only as nerds this means that your brand can attain Prestige by being in the Nell for example by employing novel Technologies or staying ahead of new fashion trends a knowledgeable brand can in turn help customers appear knowledgeable as privileged information is sometimes necessary to get a brand a good example is a skater who distinguishes herself from posers by only wearing real skater gear another crucial aspect of establishing brand Prestige today is the need to be honest and ethical in your business dealings using child labor to assemble clothes or polluting the environment are wrong consumers today demand better of the brands they support with online technology customers can now rapidly share information about various Brands and bad news travels quickly information about a company's unethical Behavior can destroy a previously Stellar brand image consumers have used social networks to shame Brands publicly over false promises or exploitative working conditions some have even organized brand boycotts companies that promote social responsibility however can use the same channels to connect with customers over the environmental and social issues they care about earning their respect next we'll explore the secrets to prestige branding in the digital age Prestige Brands Define Excellence themselves and provide the authenticity that consumers now seek in 1873 German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche theorized about a new type of person that he called the Ubermensch this person is independent ahead of the masses he lives by his own rules and values Prestige Brands today function like this theoretical person Uber Brands adhere to self-defined principles and ideals rather than striving to excel in generic pre-established categories such as being the fastest car on the market the most expensive fur coat or another restaurant with three Michelin stars in short instead of striving to meet someone else's terms a brand defines Excellence for itself so what exactly makes a brand an Uber brand a good example to look at is Apple isn't interested in creating the most technically Advanced products on the market but rather seeks to make technological works of art that integrate seamlessly into everyday life such a mission is a part of a larger corporate Trend in which many leaders including top CEOs are wanting to do something more meaningful than merely generate profits and satisfy shareholders these leaders care not only about their products but also about their customers and the impact company operations have on the environment unilever's CEO Paul Pullman for example says that he works for his customers and isn't driven solely by the traditional goal of boosting his company's share price and customers too have changed their tune seeking more meaning and authenticity in the products they purchase mass-produced interchangeable products are no longer valued people yearn for things that are individualized and honest consumers might prefer soap handmade with real flower petals to the standardized and synthetically scented soap available at any Corner drugstore simply put today's customers want more substance so how can Uber Brands satisfy this consumer hunger for meaning and uniqueness establishing an Uber brand means defining and promoting your company's unique mission becoming a Prestige brand today requires more than just making beautiful well-designed products your company also needs to follow the seven secrets of prestige branding here's the first Secret to stand out from the competition your company needs to adopt a unique Mission a goal that you stick to at all costs today's consumers want the process of buying to have more meaning so to set yourself apart from the competition you need to establish your inspiration and explain the drive behind why your brand exists of course most companies are in business for the money but a mission statement that says to yield insane profits is neither unique nor endearing step away from the profit-focused past and create a goal that means something even if it alienates some of your customers German Supermarket chainedica offers a good example of how a well-defined mission can boost a brand the brand decided that it wanted to become a supermarket chain devoted to Quality Food the company carefully redesigned its shops to reflect this new goal and trained employees to know more about edica's products in the process itika risked losing customers who shot their looking for low prices or specific Goods in the end however the chain emerged with loads of new and devoted quality conscious customers so how can your company do the same for your brand there are two ways to pick and promote your mission the first is to commit to a social environmental or political goal Outdoor Gear Company Patagonia for example made a point of demonstrating its commitment to sustainability in outdoor wear by producing durable products made of discarded clothing and recycled material the other way is to redefine a category or set a standard such as Starbucks did with coffee this coffee chain sticked its claim in the market by creating european-styled Cafe spaces for enjoying coffee as well as a unique language to describe its drinks and sizes that would become synonymous with its brand Uber Brands balance exclusivity and belonging while seducing new customers to join the club when a product enters the mass consumption Market it tends to lose its Prestige status so how does ice cream brand Ben and Jerry's for example maintain its hipness while being available in nearly every supermarket Ben and Jerry's is an example of the second secret to Uber branding balancing exclusivity with implicivity to reach this sweet spot the company employs advertising that addresses a desirable in-group of cool beautiful and successful people this group constitutes the company's design Target after attracting this target group another much larger set of consumers naturally follow suit these are people who want to belong to the Target group but aren't quite hip or beautiful enough to belong importantly this group believes that consuming Prestige Brands will make them cool we can think of this divide metaphorically as if the two groups are divided by a Velvet Rope like movie stars are from fans at the Academy Awards in the case of Ben and Jerry's the company's design Target is composed of hip fit slightly politically left-leaning people who care about the environment and particularly are turned off by normal flavors of ice cream the fans in contrast are less hip or sophisticated and seek the brand out as a badge of Association it's also essential for an Uber brand to attract customers in subtle yet seductive ways steering clear of the Hard Sell while Discounters and mass Brands push blatant sales pitches doing the same would hurt the prestigious desirable image of an Uber brand of course Uber Brands need to advertise too their goal however is subtlety this technique is called unselling and it's the Third Secret of prestige branding clothing company Abercrombie and Fitch for example rarely displays its products in its advertisements its ads might simply inform a prospective buyer of the Brand's proud Heritage it might instruct a consumer on how to care for such a precious product in doing so the company conveys the message that owning an Abercrombie and Fitch product is a worthy aspiration cultivate an inspiring story around your brand to draw in customers and keep them hooked ever since our human ancestors shared hunting lore around a cooking fire telling a good story has become part of the fabric that unites people and Society this love of stories along with a desire for meaning are powerful tools to boost notebook company Moleskine for example tells a great Brand Story of preserving The Fading tradition of handwritten notes amid the pressures of a digital age using a Moleskine notebook thus can be framed as an act of resistance in a world dominated by technology Moleskine also reminds its customers of great writers like Ernest Hemingway who scribbled ideas in a notebook kept in a pocket the implication is that when you buy and write in a Moleskine you're following in the footsteps of literary greats storytelling also allows a brand to construct a myth or story that people can believe in especially as the pull of religion has diminished in society at Large a branch can work to fill this void by presenting its history as myth painting the company as a hero of our times telling a great story or creating a powerful myth is the fourth secret of prestige branding here's how to best use it you don't need to create a story all on your own in fact your audience will happily connect the dots for you what you need to do is provide all the essential aspects of an engaging story Begin by presenting a character with whom consumers can identify such characters tend to be based on archetypes or Universal roles like the hero or the rebel once you've defined a character develop her story by describing how she overcomes a challenge the luxury fashion brand Chanel for example tells the story of the company's founder Coco Chanel this woman born to an unmarried clothes washer and raised in a Convent went on to tap her natural talent for design and became one of the most famous fashion icons of the 20th century telling a story like this can entice as well as Inspire customers as they come to perceive your brand as heroic and Associate and inspiring story of Triumph with your company to truly become a Prestige brand your product needs to deliver on the expectations you create so now you've come up with a compelling story and new customers are intrigued eager to learn more about your company and your product what characteristics should your product have to ensure a customer leaves with one or several in hand crucially an Uber brand needs to offer Uber products that is products that fulfill the promise made by the Brand's myth you'll never establish a Prestige brand without making a product that meets or exceeds the expectations you've created through your myth so the fifth secret of prestige branding is thus your product is essential to maintaining your prestige brand as it manifests your Brand's story the Brand Story of sports car company Porsche is based on performance there's certainly no question that Porsche sports cars are some of most high performing automobiles in the world conversely a product that fails to meet expectations will disappoint customers who were brought in by the company's myth this discrepancy will turn off a potential customer quickly yet exceeding expectations isn't just achieved by creating a high quality product you also need to present your product in the market in an appealing fashion you can do so by setting your product up like a Holy Grail in other words make your product appear vastly Superior to others Beverage Company Nespresso nailed this it displays its espresso machines in special boutiques the machines perched on illuminated pedestals like Precious works of art another strategy is to create a ritual around the consumption of your product for instance before a consumer can apply creme de La Mare a high-priced facial cream the user needs to carefully melt just the right amount between two fingers the company's website offers how-to videos describing its enhanced application techniques realize your mission and myth while moderating growth to preserve your prestige brand do you think that a hip unconventional brand makes its employees work in Gray cubicles from nine to five hardly the sixth secret of a Prestige brand is to align your day-to-day operations with your mission and myth your company's Mission and myth should first be reflected in your corporate culture otherwise the public will censor disingenuousness and your myth will die such a focus is key for brands that want to be cool but aren't quite there creating unconventional work environments will indeed attract creative independent employees who will help you realize the Public Image to which you aspire without such a strategy your brand will be seen as inauthentic and no doubt will be outed as the conventional imposter that it is you also need someone on board who can translate your brand Mission into profitable business decisions many Uber brands are led by two-person teams and artsy Visionary and a business buff Gucci is a great example a fashion company that boomed once businessman Domenico de Sol was paired with designer Tom Ford the final secret of prestige branding is to focus on Smart measured growth to survive in a competitive World a company needs to grow but an Uber brand knows that growing slowly at first is a small price to pay for long-term development and the Perfection of a product Mission and myth sticking to this strategy will eventually pay off your company will see exponential growth and your well-told myth will make your brand wildly attractive to Consumers but don't forget balance as a Prestige brand you'll need to control growth to keep your brand suitably rare unique and most importantly true to your mission some companies seem to act counter-intuitively to protect their mission Outdoor Clothing Company Patagonia for example to stress its mission of sustainability asked its customers to buy fewer clothes final summary the key message in this book shifting economic conditions have transformed Prestige branding into Uber branding this practice is similar to its predecessor in scope and importance but works in a different way at the center of an Uber strategy are a brand Mission and myth that work to draw on customers and grow a company actionable advice make clear what your company doesn't do The credibility of your brand doesn't just stem from what you do but from what you don't do as a company you need to be clear about your boundaries if your brand mission is to produce High fashion in an ethically responsible manner you should never make fur coats even if they're The Rage of the coming season in addition to making clear what you don't do let your clients know why you might lose sales in the process but doing so will signal to your core clientele that you care about the company Mission in turn your clients will be even more loyal if you have any request of a book you would like to be summarized Please Subscribe and leave a comment

  Top Comments:
  1. @success-book-summaries: If you have a request of a book you would like to be summarized please subscribe and leave a comment!
  2. @success-book-summaries: If you have a request of a book you would like to be summarized please subscribe and leave a comment!

- Why I'm still a minimalist after 14 years: Kind: captions Language: en This video is sponsored by Squarespace. More on them in a little bit. So, I've been a minimalist for over 14 years, and I really don't think it's ever been as difficult as it is now. Back when I first found out about it, it felt like swimming against a strong current. Today, it feels like standing in front of a fire hose. Companies have fine-tuned the levers to manipulate you into behaviors that suit their best interest. From social media to advertising, it doesn't just influence the stuff you buy. jewelries, cars, shoes, the new iPhone, a horse. It changes your lifestyle, your personality, your values, and your selfworth. And now with AI, that influence is getting faster, smarter, and more invisible. Yeah. I The result, a world that makes it incredibly difficult to live simply. A world that makes it hard to be content with what you have or even to feel like you're enough. And because of that, I think minimalism is more relevant today than ever before. So, I've called myself a minimalist through many different stages of my life. From my early single days living in my parents' basement. Basically, I'm just getting rid of all my stuff to meeting moving in with, and eventually marrying Natalie, who first thought minimalism was a cult. Oh, yeah. I thought it was a cult. Living in New York, everyone has their weird quirk. So, I'm like, I guess he's a minimalist. to moving to Australia, buying our first home, and having our first child. I think each of these stages has taught me something new about myself, what minimalism looks like for me, and the best way for me to live simply in a world that continues to value more. Really, one of the earliest lessons I learned about minimalism is that the label minimalist itself is surprisingly helpful. So, when I say that I'm a minimalist, I'm not just virtue signaling that I'm better than you because I only own one t-shirt, although I am. I'm reinforcing a story about who I am and who I want to be. So for me, being a minimalist means I aim to spend less time shopping, less time on screens, less time thinking about what I don't have, and more time appreciating what I do have. Minimalism is a reminder that I have enough and I am enough. And it makes me so much less susceptible to messages that try to convince me otherwise. Gravity. This is about the power of identity, which ironically is exactly what advertisers have been using for decades to get you to buy more. Today, they don't just broadcast general ads. They microtarget you based on who they believe you are and who you believe you are. They tailor their messaging like a chameleon, adapting to your values, insecurities, and aspirations. They might speak to the early adopter, the concerned parent, or the insecure alpha male. Nothing stops America and nothing stops Ram. They're not just selling you products. They're selling you identities you need to live up to. But you can also use this to your advantage to help you change your behavior. Minimalism has definitely done that for me. It's helped close the gap between what I value and how I live. Now, sure, there are moments when the label itself can feel limiting. Sometimes it can box you in or hold you back from growing. I know I've certainly experienced that myself. But in the face of this constant barrage of consumerism and digital noise, I found it's still one of the most helpful tools I have. So over the past 14 years, I've had very little trouble when it comes to the physical stuff. But I think the area where I've really struggled to keep things simple is less about what I have and more about what I do. So a few years ago, I looked around and realized that I'd made things way more complicated than I ever wanted with my work. I had nearly a dozen employees, a packed schedule, more projects than I could finish. It all added up until I finally asked myself, "What would my work look like if it was more simple?" That question led me to completely rethink how I structure my work today and to go back to being a solo creator again. It might not have looked like the successful move from the outside, but it made me feel a lot more successful. And to prevent myself from ending up in the same place again, I now use a simplicity filter. It's just one question that I ask before any big decision. Will this make my life simpler or more complicated? I use this for business, finances, relationships. Anytime I feel torn about a major move because for a while, every choice I made hiring, expanding, launching new projects was about adding layers of stress, layers of noise and complexity. So, to give you a few examples where I've recently used this filter, should we invest in real estate? Should I hire a full-time video editor? Should I partner with another creator on a big project? These are exciting, potentially highreward decisions, but they also come with a ton of hidden costs, whether that's time, energy, money, or even pressure. Take real estate investing for example. On paper, if you have the money, it might sound like a fun side project. buy a fixer upper, rent it out, build equity, maybe even make some money on the side. But when I asked myself this question, will this make my life simpler or more complicated? The answer was obvious. Having gone through the process of buying a home before, I know how much of a time suck it is. So instead, we decided to keep it simple. We put the money we would have used on a property into the stock market. In the long run, this will probably give us a similar, if not better, return. But more importantly, this decision didn't come with the stress of property ownership. That's not to say I always choose the simple path. Some of the best, most meaningful decisions in my life have definitely made things more complicated. Whether that's starting a new YouTube channel or having a child, but the simplicity filter really helps in those gray areas when I'm torn. It gets me back on track. It helps me to gut check the trade-offs and to avoid saying yes to things just because they sound exciting in the moment. Over the past couple years, I've radically simplified my entire business. I've scaled things back, cut out obligations, and went line by line through every tool that I use. Most of it didn't make the cut. But one that I kept because it's invaluable to how I run my business, is Squarespace. They're the sponsor of this week's video, and I want to share why I've been using them for over a decade, and why I recommend them to all my creator friends. First, it's just easy. Squarespace has always been one of the easiest website builders out there, and it's gotten even easier to get started with their new blueprint AI website builder. Just follow the prompts and build a website in minutes. As a solo creator, this is huge because it means that I can design, develop, and publish my website all by myself. While the platform is easy to use for designing beautiful websites, Squarespace also supports creators and small businesses in other ways. You can use their built-in tools to manage your domains, schedule blog posts, review your analytics, set up an online store, and book consulting gigs. The last reason I recommend Squarespace to all my friends, and this is a big one, it just works. When the stakes are high and I'm launching a course, getting thousands of people coming to my website, I need to make sure that my site's performance is reliable. And when it comes to Squarespace, I've literally never had to worry about that over the past 10 years of using their platform. If you want to see why I trust Squarespace with all my websites, then go to squarespace.com today for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to squarespace.com/mattella to get 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. And remember, when you sign up for Squarespace using the links that I shared in this video, that's going to go a long way to helping to support my channel. Over the years, minimalism has looked very different depending on the season of life I've been in. While my wardrobe hasn't changed much, pretty much everything else has. minimalism as a single guy living in his parents' basement. It doesn't get much simpler than that. Add a partner, move to a new country, buy a home. Lots has changed with each of these milestones, but nothing shook things up quite as much as becoming a dad. It was a massive adjustment and I really struggled with it in the beginning. It's true what they say about parenting. You don't really know what it's like until you're in it. No book, podcast, or well-meaning YouTube video can fully prepare you for the mix of exhaustion, joy, frustration, and wonder that comes with raising a child. Suddenly, I had so much less time than before. I had less time for my work, less time to go to the gym, less one-on-one time with Natalie, less time for creative side projects, less time to just be still. In the early days, I definitely felt a lot of resentment. It felt like I was sacrificing so much to be a parent. I was frustrated and angry that I couldn't do it all. During that time, Frankie must have been around 9 months old. I interviewed Ryan Holiday while he was traveling through Sydney. Ryan's probably the most productive dad I know. He's written a dozen bestselling books, creates tons of content, and from everything I've seen, he's an incredibly present and caring father. So, I asked him, "How can you become more productive as a parent?" Obviously, one way to be productive as a as a parent is just to completely neglect your children, which is which is which is the way that I think historically it was often done. I'm less proud of how productive I am and more proud of the fact that I like spend a lot of time with my kids. Like I take them to school, I make their lunches, I pick them up from school, I very rarely miss dinners. Like we just spend a ton of time together. His answer got me to think about things differently. When I became a dad, I had instinctively made a choice. I prioritized my family over everything else. Instead of being resentful about this choice, I should be proud of it. My lower output at work, fewer hours at the gym, less time for creative projects was a direct sign that I was making the right choice for my family. Bye-bye, Frankie. Bye, Daddy. Bye-bye. I can no longer work 10-hour days. I can't stay up late editing or say yes to every exciting idea. I had to let go of who I was and what I was able to do if I wanted to be a good dad. Now, you might be wondering, what does this have to do with minimalism? For me, it was about embracing a simpler life and appreciating what I have. I'm no longer as worried about optimizing every minute of my day and squeezing every last second out of my schedule. Right now, I'm more concerned about creating space. space for morning walks with my son, for daycare drop offs and pickups, for getting to bed early because I know he'll be awake at 3:00 a.m. It's about choosing the zoo over the edit, wrestling in the living room instead of being alone at my computer. Yes, it means that I won't be able to make as much money, that I don't create as much content, that I miss out on some big projects, but I also don't miss bath time or slow mornings or walks in the morning to get coffee with my family. Embracing minimalism as a dad has gotten me to ask the same questions I did over 14 years ago. What do I really need to be happy? How do I want to spend my time? What are the things I can let go of? While these questions are identical, the answers are very different now. That to me is the real benefit of minimalism. If there's one thing I've learned, it's that life doesn't stop changing. I'll keep being surprised by new seasons, new challenges, and the ways that I grow through them. But what stayed consistent is this. Minimalism has always helped me find clarity when things get messy. As you know by now, it's not a magic fix. It doesn't have all the answers, but it gives you a framework, a way to slow down, a reminder to keep coming back to the things that matter most.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EmilyGloeggler7984 [1 likes]: I’m grateful never to be a minimalist again. I now choose to focus on truth.
  2. @Nullpunkt-f9k: “The video treats minimalism as a long‑term administrative commitment rather than a lifestyle. Fourteen years are presented like a certification period, as if simplicity required periodic renewal. The empty rooms and carefully arranged objects function less as living spaces and more as compliance documents. Minimalism appears not as a choice but as a regulatory framework that defines how much existence an item is allowed to have.”
  3. @marphi1000: You nailed it Matt
  4. @Solangie-q3c: Where can I watch all the videos?? I saw it on a plane but I couldn’t finish watching the series and it’s soooo good ! I want to share it with others
  5. @jules-o9t: Parents stop making everything about being a parent hallenge 😐
  6. @DogbiterecordsCL: The way I devoured that smooth sponsor transition with a sad of fries and I'm not even sorry.
  7. @IevaIeva-o1c: BS
  8. @kristie823: True minimalist are still here .
  9. @triskelioncombat: And you will see how hard parenting really is once they hit puberty 😂 enjoy the time now, it is getting worse before it (hopefully) gets better 😂
  10. @oso1248: 0:06 
I’ve seen the rooms you film in. You’re not a minimalist.
  11. @Greenwashing-c2i: Optimalist not Minimalist :) Minimalism is a bit of a misnomer for most people, Optimalism makes sense if you have a family or you share things with others. Wondering if people here have came across Optimalism before?
  12. @matta6817: Having more than what you need is vain.
  13. @matta6817: Bro I am skateboarder, it's fits into minimalism lifestyle. I don't know why you got this in the intro lol I take it personal
  14. @ViewerMr: Thanks for sharing your thoughts!
Appreciate it
  15. @chaseatlanticfan6553: Watching this realizing I’m a minimalist and mind you I’ve been watching this channel for years lol
  16. @gypsybelle4757: This may be one of your best videos yet. ❤
  17. @dduartegomes9: I am enough, i have enough, what a nice statement to feel about ourselves
  18. @maidofwires5797: minimalist and happy.  Almost debt free too ♡  I've adopted minimalism in every realm of my life.
  19. @loganc6818: I have seen more ads in the first 3 minutes of this video than I have in the last 5 years lol thanks for showing the very silly ones, Matt!
  20. @tenthousandtimesmoreguppies: I like this video.Minimalism for good father and simple or complicated rule.

- ADDICTED TO SHOPPING...MY Journey Towards MINIMALISM: Kind: captions Language: en hey brothers and sisters how y'all doin hope you guys doing fantastic I'm here today with just like a really chill video I just want to talk with you guys um I haven't been here and just talked to you guys in a long time so I wanted to talk about something that I feel has been taking over my life okay consumerism the American culture of buying buying buying buying for me it's become something that has slowly just kind of cracked up in my life and I've realized that it's become a source of frustration for me and because of that I'm now on a journey to minimalism so let me just sort of backtrack and explain to you some of the things that I experienced and I'm sure a lot of you guys have similar experiences so I'm the kind of girl that just loves to shop I love things I could shop for anything and I'm like this goes from clothes to shoes to food to books to makeup - hair - nail polish anything I love things and I have always been blessed enough to have just as much as I needed but as I started getting older and working making my own money I just wanted more and more and more and more and then came YouTube watching videos and seeing all these different products and people saying oh this is beautiful try this try that so I'm online ordering all this stuff and it just started to become sort of like an addiction for me I knew it got really bad when I started really getting addicted to online shopping in the store shopping is bad enough in itself but online shopping is something that I could do for my bedroom I could do it on my phone I could do it at any point in time if I saw something I could just go on and purchase it just like and I would say clothes is probably the number one thing that I buy so I was starting to go online and purchase clothes and I would go to like forever 21 and each week they have like 300 new arrivals so every week I was looking through the new arrivals and I was making purchases every single week hundreds of dollars every week on cloves and it I don't even know where it started and I don't know how that's the point I'm at now all I know is that I ended up with no more room I had no more room to put any of my stuff I had boxes upon boxes in the garage boxes in my room all the stuff in the drawers I had stuff under my bed just tons of things and I just felt overwhelmed and I love to give so giving for me it's easy just this summer alone I gave away about 25 trash bags full of clothes and for me giving also presented a different issue because it was like okay well I'm getting rid of clothes so I have more room for more clothes I'm at the point now where things have just become frustration for me I don't need half the things I have I can't fit half the things that buy because I order online so sometimes I get it it doesn't fit and I keep it or give it away or you know it just becomes junk um I have things I've bought that don't look good I also realized that sometimes I five things that I already own and that just goes to show that now it's become a source of being wasteful I think it's okay to have a budget and spend money on things that you like I mean that is why you work so that you can have the things that you want but there does come a point where things become out of control and if it starts to frustrate you then you need to go ahead and make that change so I was on YouTube and I was watching videos about how to like store things and package things and I came across videos talking about minimalism and I was like what is that and I was inspired by one of the youtubers I'm familiar with here called ambrosia and she did a video about minimalistic living and that's basically having just the things that you need and that is really relative to you and what you want it to mean for yourself from me personally because I like things that's not going to change that's who I am and I'm okay with that I just have to start being more mindful of things that I buy so the first thing that I did and I'm still in the process of doing is getting rid of things I went through all my clothes and not rid of anything that was ripped um too big too small there's tons of things I have that still have price tags on them for like two years ago and it's like if I haven't worn it I'm not going to wear it give it away and luckily I do have a younger sister and so some of that stuff went to her and that some of the stuff of course went to Salvation Army or goodwill getting rid of this stuff wasn't that hard because I'm so frustrated at this point that I just need things to be gone getting rid of things wasn't so hard but for some people that can be difficult I feel like if you haven't thought about the outfit if you haven't worn it in a long time get rid of it same thing with jewelry same thing with nail polish same thing with skin care hair care makeup makeup was hard though makeup was really hard because makeup is you know you could one day just want a green eyeshadow and you want to have your green eyeshadow makeup was hard um but it's about buying an excess so now when I purchase things I think to myself okay do I have something like this already one and then two what am I gonna wear how much am I gonna wear why am i buying all of these different dresses I'm really taking heed to the same quality over quantity so I'm spending the time buying things that are more pricey but are better quality so I'm not buying new shoes every two months or having clothes ripping after only wearing it twice so I'm really focusing on quality over quantity and I'm not purchasing as much at first when you start getting rid of this stuff you start thinking oh my gosh I'm not gonna have anything I give all this stuff away that's how I felt at first but that freedom from when it's gone it feels so good that that mental energy that it takes that stress you get when you have to look for an outfit and you're going through tons and tons of clothes or looking for an item and you can't find it because you have so much that unnecessary stress is gone that anxiety is gone and that does so much for your spirit there is a thing called a capsule wardrobe that is when you have a certain amount of pieces and you're sort of putting those pieces together instead of buying a whole bunch of clothes you have maybe like 30 40 different outfits and you piece them together and just no keep changing it up I'm not one for that one because I don't have a style I don't have a particular style that to me I am all over the place when it comes to my style so a capsule wardrobe is not going to work for me I really don't want that I don't want to feel restricted in that way I just want to be able to have more self-control so on top of that aspect we have the obvious aspect of you will have more money you will actually look at your bank account and be like okay you know um because when you spend like that your money will go like this and you won't even know how even if you're buying cheapy stuff if you're buying a whole bunch of style money is gonna go and it's a waste of money it is a waste of money you don't need that much stuff and for everyone this is relative like you don't know how much stuff I have I don't know how much stuff you have it doesn't really matter it's about how you feel about the things that you have and I know some people who think like okay well it seems like I have a lot of stuff because my room is so small or my house is so small so they go put stuff in storage and they then they have one storage and they have two stores and I have three stores and this is my garage and this is a kid's room in the guest room and it's like unnecessary unnecessary it becomes stressful so I'm sort of all over the place in this video because I'm just talking to you guys um let me know what you guys think if you guys are you know striving towards minimalism or you or just be more cautious about your shopping habits let me know what you do or how it's working for you I love the idea of it it's an everyday struggle for me because it's a habit and it's hard to break habits like these especially so um you know I try to do things to avoid buying like going on certain websites going through certain stores I go to the mall to go to Sephora I want to try and park as close to the floor as possible and not have to walk through Nordstrom to get there because if I walk through Marshall I'm buying something so if you know yourself just sort of plan things better so you don't end up wasting money I know some people like to carry cash on them because with cash you can literally see it so when you're at your last dollar you're like okay I'm done for me cash is difficult it's real hard to do that with cash um I tried it and it's hard but for some people if you carry cash all the time anyway it's fine swiping that card out of sight out of mind you don't even know you just swipe and swipe and swipe it so yeah I know it's just what I'm just like I'm wearable but I just wanted to share with you what I'm sort of doing and how I'm changing my lifestyle it's a lifestyle chains I think it's a really really important thing for me to learn now that I'm young before I get older and just waste all of my money if you guys have any comments please leave them below I want to read them and thank you for watching and thank you for being part of my YouTube fan I'll see you later hmm

  Top Comments:
  1. @chantalecherry [2 likes]: Guuuurl I’m addicted to shopping and I need to rethink!
  2. @devinedaughter5960 [1 likes]: Theee haiirrrr 😭😭🙏🏽🙏🏽💕💕😍😍✨✨✨
  3. @heymisswest [1 likes]: You are so right... i gotta work on this
  4. @acceleration1146: Good advice 👍🏻
  5. @nurtured-channel2953: So glad I have found your videos during C19 quarantine.. today I filled a bag with clothes I no longer use ... and I feel great 💖💖
  6. @mwadjumamukamfizi2216: Girl
Me too
  7. @annac6778: Hey dear! I also got into too much online shopping, fostered by bingwatching youtube. Good news is that it works awsome for me also the other way around: watching or listening often YouTube videos about minimalism ! Today I went out and bought only 1 item of 7 euros (an all around cream I can use  for many purposes ) and some food :) the ideas from the videos kind of sink in and become part of your way of reasoning! Just give it a try!
  8. @celiagorleski2716: You're lucky to have realized this at such a young age. I'm 65 and have two Houses full of stuff. I stopped buying about 12 years ago due to a financial crisis but I still have a 31 year old daughter living with us who is definitely a hoarder and a 36 year old daughter who lives wherever she can but we still have a lot of her stuff and then we have things from my parents and my in-laws Estates since they have all passed away. We sold a lot of things at an auction and donated to charity and put some things on consignment before we ended up bringing the rest back to Texas so my daughter can try to sell some stuff on eBay. I wear out easily when trying to work and I can fill up three big black garbage bags and it doesn't look like I've thrown out anything. I don't want to leave this mess to my daughters because that's what my parents did to my sister and me. My husband and I are also raising two grandsons ages 7 and 9 that constantly drag things out. We cut way back on Christmas and you can't tell it. Just keep going and less not only is better but it makes you feel better as well. Sounds like you're on the right path. I'm going to keep on plugging away. I have a closet full of clothes because I retired earlier than I had planned and I don't need to wear anything but jeans and t-shirts now days. And many have tags on them so I need to get them the Salvation Army but they happened to be in the house that I'm not living in right now. It would be great to sell one of these houses but we've got a lot of work to do. Keep up the good work
  9. @madeleinekhamnei9039: Hey girl – totally relate to this subject. I made a spreadsheet of every item of clothes I own. This made it super clear what was important to me vs what wasn't. My main thing is a change up my style a lot so I've made a lot of basic clothes that I look good in and style up via accessories. It's made it easier to keep track of what I have and save money.
  10. @iarshintasudjana4382: Collecting rubbish n when you can not cash them in!!
  11. @mabel.c108: The worst thing for me while watching this video was to realize I AM a shopping addicted. Thanks for this video, It opened my eyes.
  12. @patriciarevere: I have too much clothes, purses, makeup and jewelry.
  13. @Gatubela1: Awesome video 👏👏💜
  14. @only_farahandrea9400: I know this video is old but it’s by happenstance I came upon it and thank you! I too have a shopping addiction and can totally relate to this video. Now I’m going to watch your “things you no longer buy” video. I agree it’s definitely a lifestyle change and for 2018 I’m going to make a conscious effort to change things (habits) I’ve gotten stuck in. Thank you for your transparently here!
  15. @justinewhite-hadley3138: Wow....this is the first time I've ever heard someone speaking and it might as well be me!! Out of control, literally no room, I have piles of clothes.....its happened so fast I'm not sure how that happened. But getting rid of things seems to hurt me inside. Why?? I'm working on this.....thank you for being honest here hun!!
  16. @Mikirono23: I think people should watch "the true cost" its a wonderful documentary on netflix and youtube that talks about why we should be more mindful and aware of what we're buying and how our behavior is influenced.
  17. @jessicatonnar5705: try the 333 challenge. Google it and search it on you tube. It's basically a challenge to wear only 33 things for 3 months. Some people start with just pants and shirts and then start including shoes and accessories even purses as a part of their 33. It will really help you visualize what you really need.
  18. @sonaturallygwen: Great video! I'm the same way where my journey is focused on controlling my habits rather than restricting myself.
  19. @FlairelleNet: wow. I love this , This was the start
  20. @LivingLifeLimitLESLY: Hey, you are such an inspiration. I have been a minimalist for a while without even knowing that it exist. I just heard the word for the first time a few days ago and started to look for more videos. And i have seen some videos here on youtube but i think that this one with you is different. More honest and unique than everything else. Thank you.

- 10 Minimalist Rules That ACTUALLY Work (even if you're not a minimalist 🤫): Kind: captions Language: en so for the past few years I feel like we've all had a little bit of a fling with minimalism i dabbled in it for about 2 2 and 1 half years myself I think so many of us on YouTube have definitely checked out channels like the minimalist mat Aela minimal Mom and for good reason if you want to change your spending habits change your relationship with your stuff or simply find ways to streamline and simplify your life and your space then I think minimalism is really great but at least in my experience I think it's also very easy to take it a little bit too far and I'm not the only one there's been a lot of videos popping up on YouTube and social media talking about how minimalism is dead and how the concept of minimalism can sometimes be difficult to make work for a long term and in my experience at least I think the key to minimalism is to just live with intentionality and think before you buy so even though I don't call myself a minimalist anymore I have way too many clothes for that the internet police in the comments would really come for me and I definitely lean into more of a minimalisti is type of Lifestyle there are some minimalist rules that I still stick to even to this day and that I still see a lot of benefits from in my everyday life so I firmly believe that you don't have to identify as a minimalist or make what you consume or not consume your entire personality but I do think there are some minimalist rules that I think could be helpful for anybody who's looking to streamline their life and simplify a little more so in today's video I wanted to share with you the 10 minimalist rules that I think actually work whether you're a minimalist or not not these are the rules that I still adhere to in my day-to-day that really just help me slow down and be more intentional in my everyday life for those of you who don't know me welcome my name's Christina I talk all about intentional living intentional spending and how to get the most out of what you've already got if any of that sounds interesting to you then why not join the fam Please Subscribe we're pretty cool here and if you want even more bonus behind the scenes content I also have a patreon that you can check out down below but no pressure at all giving the video a thumbs up is another amazing way to help support me and I love you either way so let's get into it rule number one is to buy nice or buy twice I have a series on my Tik Tok Channel and Instagram called you're too broke to buy cheap and I think because all of us are and that's kind of a wise word saying straight from your grandmother in the sense that you want to make sure that you can buy the highest quality item that you can afford because if you just go for the cheapest thing it may not be high quality and you end up spending more money in the long run looking to replace it and buying nice in order to avoid buying twice not only does this maximize the chance that you are buying a higher quality item that you're going to use and keep for a very long time but it also in a way slows down your buying because it takes a bit more work upfront to buy the thing you have to research it you have to compare Brands you have to go test it out to see if it's right for you so I think having the motto of buy nice or buy twice or my personal favorite I'm too broke to buy cheap it helps slow down the buying and just ensures that you fill your space and spend your money on things that are higher quality that are going to last and things that you're actually going to use for a long time and this doesn't necessarily mean that you buy the most expensive thing either I think the key here is to focus on buying the best that you can afford and just using the heck out of it number two is a personal favorite of mine and it is a quote straight from author and entrepreneur Derek cers and that is if it's not a hell yes then it's a no for so much in life it is really as simple as that because if you allow things into your life that feel lukewarm I think that's when it's really easy to either build up a whole lot of clutter in your life physical clutter but it can also lead to things like resentment and burnout because if you don't say no for yourself then people are going to start saying yes for you and that sucks and when I started applying the simple if it's not a hell yes then it's a no mindset it's really helped me weed out a lot of noise a lot of clutter and just a lot of Mayes from my life if I don't feel excited or absolutely sure about something thing then in my gut it really means that I don't want it it's really about listening to your gut and I think it's as simple as that number three is to get into the habit of decluttering first before you start organizing look I love an organized space I love organization YouTube organization Tik Tok you know those like ASMR videos where everybody's like organizing their fridge and restocking their pantries and things like that it's very satisfying to watch but I think a lot of those videos also really focus on buying more stuff to organize your your stuff and sometimes yeah you do need to do that but the first step before you get there is to declutter first a lot of times if my space is feeling really cluttered up overwhelming disorganized then it usually means that there's too much junk in the way I think truly being organized doesn't require spending a lot of money or any money at all it's often more of a stuff problem and a clutter problem first so start there get rid of what's in the way and then organize it otherwise you're just moving stuff around at that point if you don't use it you lose it this is a rule that I think about when I am decluttering and evaluating on whether or not something still brings me joy use or value I personally live in a small space anyway so everything that I do own and bring in here needs to meet one of those three criteria if it doesn't then it's just taking up space and it needs to go because the thing about maintaining a more minimal organized or decluttered space is that it does require some level of Maintenance so it's important important to regularly evaluate your things evaluate your spaces decide whether or not you're still wearing or using something checking things like your medicine cabinet and your makeup collection to see what you're no longer using or what's expired decluttering and keeping a minimal and organized space isn't usually a oneandone thing it requires some level of Maintenance and your taste and use and need for things is going to change over time number five is to wish list and wait if you are an OG to my channel then you know how often I talk about the importance of keeping keeping a wish list so when I see something that I want putting it on a wish list is basically a non-negotiable for me at this point because what it does is that it separates the initial impulse of wanting from the actual buying of it since I started keeping a wish list it has significantly minimized the amount of things I bring into my space and the impulses that I act upon and it's basically gotten me into the habit of delaying gratification all I do is whenever I see something that I'm interested in or that I want I'll just put it on my wish list I keep it in the notes app on my phone and I just set it and forget it sometimes I'll Journal a little bit more deeply about it like I'll add the price of the item and maybe why I wanted it and I really make sure to be as honest with myself about that why as possible there's a lot of reasons why we want certain things but a lot of times they are really impulsive and all you need to do is give yourself a little bit of breathing space this is especially helpful for things like online shopping and when you're scrolling social media because that is a huge trigger of wanting things but it also works to help you shop more intentionally in the future if I put something on my wish list then I know that when I'm ready to go shopping I end up sticking to that list and it really helps minimize distractions when I am shopping so that I stay focused and only buy what it is I want or need a place for everything everything in its place this is such a great rule to help you stay neat tidy and organized the one thing about minimalism is that yes it really focuses is on minimizing what we bring into our space but it also helps you keep your space feeling curated tidy and clutter-free when you're in it a cluttered space does lead to a cluttered mind and it's very difficult to focus and feel at peace in a chaotic environment and one of the ways that I just minimize that feeling is by putting things away where they belong now sometimes things here and there still end up on the chair you know the one everybody has one but I think it's a good habit to get into to minimize the amount of work and overwhelm that needs to be done later on sometimes there's nothing more overwhelming than having to clean up a huge mess this way it keeps the mess a lot smaller and easy to manage but it just keeps your space tidy and organized most of the time plus you'll always know where to find things and you can get as macro about this or as micro as you'd like for example in my purse or in my backpack I always put my wallet in the exact same place every time so I'm not searching for it in some bottomless pit or I always know which adapter I need wear I'm never searching in a big pile of Tangled cords or dongles when I'm working in my office and it helps in places like my wardrobe too because then my closet stays organized based on garment type and even by color so I know exactly where everything is at all times and it makes getting dressed really really easy so if things are put back where they belong not only are they going to be easy to access but it's just going to make your space be that much more functional and feel so much better number seven is don't buy a problem often times we buy things and in order to solve a problem but just make sure that thing doesn't create more problems than it solves for example let's say you bought a new rug for your living room to refresh your space but then you start realizing that oh but now my couch doesn't match this rug and now I need new throw pillows and this doesn't match this aesthetic or this can apply to when you buy a piece of clothing remember the rule of if it's not a hell yes then it's a no I think not buying a problem goes hand inand with that because I think it helps you tune in to the feeling of meh or maybe about something thing so let's say you're out thrifting and you find this really unique one-of-a-kind piece maybe it's like a really cool brand but it's three or four sizes too big for you it could end up being a lot of work for a tailor to transform that garment so that it actually fits you in which case you're probably buying more problems than the thing is worth or if you buy a piece that doesn't go with anything else in your wardrobe and you feel like you need to buy this accessory and now this color doesn't match and you can see how it really easily snowballs into potentially feeling like you need to buy more and do more if I start feeling that way about anything I'm buying or I feel like I really need to rationalize my way into making the purchase then I know that it's probably not for me and this can even simply apply to buying things that you can't afford if you find yourself often relying on credit and using debt to buy things especially things that are wants and not needs then no matter what you are buying a problem and that problem comes with interest have a why before you buy since now you know all the benefits of keeping a wish list this is where you you can also think about why you want to buy something in the first place but if you don't know why you're buying something then it's probably really not worth the money I think one of the cornerstones of intentional buying intentional living and intentional spending is having a why behind it because if you feel like you don't have a good reason to buy something then it's not worth your money I think breaking down the why before you buy is such a helpful exercise and reflecting about your wants needs and even your own shopping triggers because if I was really honest with myself and dug deep into some wise behind some purchases that I made a lot of the times they were kind of really embarrassing and not great reasons like I want this just because it's on sale I want this because I can't pass up the deal I want this because of the brand not because I like it so if you get really honest with yourself and kind of dig a little deeper into that why before you buy then I think it can really slow down a lot of those impulses and save you a whole lot of money and clutter in the long run number nine is the spark Joy rule we'll thank Marie condo for this one basically if the item does not spark Joy then it's your sign to get rid of it and if you're shopping and looking to buy something new again if the item does not spark Joy then you probably shouldn't buy it I like this question because I think with minimalism it's really easy to get caught up in the primarily utilitarian side of your stuff as in a lot of the advice really focuses on keeping only what you need and what you use and then you know instead they'll give you advice like take a picture of your sentimental item you don't need that and I just I don't know I that's I don't Vibe with that um I think it's important and okay to have things simply because you like them but I think it's important to also be honest with that so for me spark Joy has to be an honest spark Joy it has to be that immediate hell yes and not that kind of waffling meh I'm not sure I don't know type of feeling because I think the spark Joy rule is a really easy one to let your stuff get away from you but I think it's just a bit more of a gentle and realistic approach to whether or not you should keep something or even bring something in and finally rule number 10 if I can't pay for it in full today then I can't afford it we live in such an instant gratification society and a lot of us don't want to hear the word no let alone tell ourselves no and that's where I think it's really easy to get caught up in Reliance on credit cards or using buy now pay later apps like afterpay and clar because we don't want to wait and coming from a former shopaholic and stuff hoarder I did this all the time when it came to the skill of delaying gratification I had none of it and I used things like credit and it's because I didn't want to tell myself no but I find the more you do that and the more you delay gratification and being able to pay for something in full is a way to implement that it just simply forces you to slow down and reflect on whether or not you even want that thing to begin with I can't tell you how many times I absolutely convinced myself that I needed something and by the time the package arrived I didn't even know what it was I ordered this really goes to show you just how much impulse buying and acting on those impulses AKA not delaying that gratification basically bleeds your bank account dry and clutters up your space at the same time so if I want something yes I put it on the wish list yes I wait but I also need to be able to fully pay for it and if I can't then I have to come up with a plan to save for it and even doing that in and of itself makes the purchase that much more intentional so those are the 10 minimalist rules that I think actually work and that I still live by even to this day I don't think you need to be a minimalist to benefit from some of the habits and lifestyle changes that it does promote and this is just an example of how I use it in my own life let me know some rules or habits that have helped you become more intentional in your life leave me a comment down below if you like this video please give it a thumbs up for the YouTube algorithm Gods it is the best way that you can help support my channel and if you haven't subscribed yet please do thanks so much for watching and I'll see you next Sunday bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @polarkites [5900 likes]: 1. Buy Nice or Buy Twice
2. If its not a "HELL YES" then its a "No"
3. Declutter before Organization
4. If you don't use it, you lose it
5. Wishlist and Wait
6. A place for everything
7. Don't Buy a Problem
8. Have a "Why" before you Buy
9. The "Spark Joy" Rule
10. If you can't buy it with cash, you can't afford it
  2. @hsgshsjj95: Unrelated, but OMG is it a Ukrainian Trident on your necklace? QUEEN!!!
  3. @MrAlec78uk: I dont think you got the idea of minimisum
  4. @BlackCatAmbassador: I have a problem with buying fairy lights.
  5. @Steinbeck_: Thanks for the video. Especially the points about making a wish list and saying no if it’s not a hell yes will rly help me save some money
  6. @ArimiReads: If I wouldn't normally buy it what makes it so special now and can I see this in my life seriously in 5 months. If I've wanted something personally for a year then I want it enough to keep.
  7. @dluverm: Thank You!
  8. @karlabritfeld7104: My husband refuses to get rid of books and papers and cassette tapes he has not looked at or touched in 44 years😊
  9. @FNLN-s3e: I'm not a minimalist. But other people tell me I am. It's interesting how we see ourselves and how others see us dont always match up.
  10. @markalexander3487: I think limited wardrobe or shelf space helps you to control the amount of stuff you have. The bigger the house, the bigger the clutter problem.
  11. @ChaoticNeutralFox: I know for me if I can't think of a use for something in a few seconds while I am looking at the item, I walk right by it. This has helped me save so much money.
  12. @anxjy: I am Ukrainian and your tryzub necklace is so classy and stylish❤ thank you for the video!
  13. @LinaKazlauskaite: I've got some clothes with stains which I like but don't know/can't get to cleaning them.. So they just stay in my closet or I wear them at home if it is not an outdoor jacket.. :/ I have no solution
  14. @adamantinespirit8544: Thank you for the inspirational video 🙌🏻
  15. @aguilaral5720: $ Green
  16. @emmacarlssonmusic: ❤❤❤
  17. @ctoney1992: Only buy food at the grocery store.
No more eating out for lunch and no more buying snacks when getting gas.
  18. @berits.2346: If you want to try and live a minimalistic life, try backpacking in another country. It's great for a while but eventually you accumulate so many memorabilia of your life you need some place to store it. Forget about you memory, pictures and items to jolt your memory far better.
  19. @ElizabethPetrie-m3z: I found a dress that was perfect for a VERY formal overseas wedding (think cathedral, several priests, incense, and so on): a jewel-toned pattern which was appropriate for the culture I was visiting, and a perfect fit.  It is made of a heavier weight fabric that drapes beautifully, is fully lined, and absolutely didn’t crush or show a single wrinkle after spending days in my suitcase.  It is a classic design, sleeveless with a slight cowl neckline, worn with a thrifted shantung silk wrap for modesty in the conservative venue, and it suits my colouring and style aesthetic.  Yes, it’s a synthetic, but I will have it in my closet for years.  I do consider and look for natural and sustainable fabrics, good construction, perfect fit, and cost-per-wear, but in this case it was absolutely the right choice.
  20. @dhanguardbusinessbankingco4923: Now I’m inspired to simplify a few things starting today.

- 10 Minimalist Rules That Changed My Life: Kind: captions Language: en I used to feel really stuck in my life and unmotivated I'd always try these extreme things to change my life 30 day challenges that I saw other people doing but over the past few years I've built some small simple rules for myself that have really improved my day-to-day life and I hope it can improve yours as well the house on fire rule recently on our trip through Europe British Airways lost our luggage we kept our backpacks but we lost all of our clothes and it was at that point I had a really cool realization I didn't really care about any of that stuff it didn't make any difference to me if I never saw all my clothes again it wouldn't really matter so I've been practicing this rule recently and the rule is think about your attic or your closet your storage unit whatever it is what would happen if it just went away it evaporated Into Thin Air your house burned down and you lost all that stuff would you actually be relieved are you overly attached to it does your stuff actually kind of own you a little bit for me I had this realization there's a few things in my house that I wouldn't love to lose for the most part it wouldn't really affect me as a person my happiness levels anything if my house burned down and that's a really freaking concept because the stuff we own ends up owning us so the more stuff I've gotten rid of the more like calm and mental Clarity of ended up having in my life the 2020 rule or just in case I think I first heard this rule from the minimalist but especially in my beginning stages of decluttering when I was going through a bunch of stuff and I realized that we have so many things that we hang on to for just in case just in case people come over just in case I need to make 18 cups of coffee at once just in case I go up a size or I go down a size we've got all of this stuff for just in case so as you're decluttering you're trying to figure out what to get rid of if you can replace an item for twenty dollars in under 20 minutes then just let it go obviously without being wasteful but when I've used this Rule and I've exercised this there really hasn't been one thing that I've actually needed to replace so if you're on the edge with something use the 2020 rule if it fits in there just let it go the Box rule this Rule and actually the last two are my absolute favorite rules so make sure you stick around for those but the Box rule kind of expands on the last one where if you're going through decluttering stuff you're unsure about it maybe it doesn't fit in the 2020 rule throw it in a box put it in your attic put it in the garage and set a reminder on your phone for like six months from now that you will go through that box and decide that so this is for the people who have a hard time getting rid of stuff and you're like well I'm not getting rid of it I'm just putting it in a box and when that time comes maybe six months from now and you realize that you haven't gone to that box because clearly you didn't need anything out of it you have two choices you can either go through it and decide to sell or declutter it or you can just take the entire box and donate the entire box because clearly you don't need anything that's in there so if you want to trick yourself into cluttering this is a great by the way if you're enjoying this and getting some value don't forget to subscribe it's free and I only post once a week so I won't clutter up your YouTube feed the two day rule I'm pretty sure I already originally learned this one from Matt this rule is super simple it's pretty much that you're not going to miss a new habit two days in a row for me I use this a couple different ways I read a page of a book every single morning and it's okay if I miss one day because I've got an appointment in the morning or whatever's going on but I can never miss two days in a row and that has kept that habit extremely consistent for over a year now I also use this with going to the gym where I'm going to do some type of exercise every day and it's okay if I miss one day but I can never miss two in a row but it also keeps you from like falling off the bandwagon for habits that you really want to keep the investing rule this is a rule that I've like followed but I don't I don't really know what to call it if you have any ideas let me know I just called it the investor rule but pretty much instead of investing into stuff into into random books what is this hence Christian Andersen I didn't even know we had that these are Meredith books by the way we should be investing into experiences investing into stuff has generally led me to being more like stressed it all takes up space and my mind it doesn't really make me happy even when you buy a new car it's cool for a little bit and then it's just a car again same thing with clothes and most things but experiences really help change you as a person they're great memory they help you learn and expand your horizons so I've been really focusing on taking that money that I'm not spending on stuff and investing it into travel for holidays we gift each other experiences instead of gifting each other like random crap that we don't need and that should be like literally in our budget is to invest money and experiences [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] have a home rule I really gotta get better at naming these things this is this is embarrassing if stuff does not have a home in my house I just get rid of it since I took the time and I found a place for everything to go I've stopped losing my wallet stop losing my keys my phone has a place to go all my clothes have places to go all the toys have places that they go everything in my house has a place where it belongs and if it doesn't have a place where it belongs it probably does not belong in my house and because it'll end up on the counter it'll end up strewn all over the place and if it doesn't have a place strongly consider getting rid of it like this is just a good overall rule that if it doesn't have a place where it belongs and it's always just sitting around you probably don't need it other people rule a lot of times we do things either consciously or subconsciously for other people when we're getting the newest iPhone it's partly because we want that new flashy thing but it's partly because you can kind of show off it's cool to have it's a status simple same thing with maybe a pair of shoes or a car or the house in the neighborhood or closed part of it's for you and part of it is for other people even like posting to social media unless it's like for work a lot of that is just to get some validation from your day for other people and kind of make yourself feel better because maybe you're not having a great day and you want people to tell you how great you look or how hard you're working or or whatever so this one actually took me a while to get out of but instead of worrying about what other people think especially when I'm buying stuff I've been really focusing on wants versus needs is this something that I actually need or do I want it because X Y and Z because maybe people think it's cool like when I spilled water on my laptop I realize that I didn't need a second laptop I was able to share Meredith's for like a year almost and then when we went to travel and I needed to edit while I was traveling I bought a laptop because I needed it not because it was like ah that'd be cool to have I don't really care what other people think I'm doing what is best for me I don't really care the 90 rule I use this rule two different ways first when I'm looking at stuff to buy I try not to buy it unless it is a 90 or above so 1 out of 100 does this shirt reach a 90 for me does it fit well will I wear it a ton and if it's below there I'm not gonna buy it and as a result every shirt that I own is my favorite shirt I can reach my hand in grab it I love it I used to have a lot of stuff that was maybe 60 70 and be like oh that's pretty cool yeah I like that yeah it's not bad and I never wore it because I would wear my favorite stuff and now everything's my favorite stuff and since I found all my favorite stuff I I don't really buy anything anymore so that's really strict criteria to buy pretty much everything in your house and while sometimes that might mean spending a little more money to get a more quality thing in the long run at least for me I've spent a lot less money because I don't shop ever like for anything like obviously I need some stuff but I I don't like cycle through anything anymore and then the second way to use this is when somebody asks you to do something an opportunity comes up is that a 90 yearbook is it a heck yes and if it's not then it's a no and doing that has cleared up my calendar incredibly I do so much less stuff now the two minute rule I think I've done a whole video on this let's give you the quick version life-changing rule if something takes two minutes or less just do it put away the dishes clean up your room bring that thing upstairs that's been sitting on the staircase for a month finish that repair put on your workout clothes and go sit in the car only commit to the smallest thing possible and by doing that you'll trick yourself into doing the big stuff and you just clear up like a bunch of crap that you've been avoiding the nightly reset every night before bed I walk through and I reset my house I lay out my clothes for the night before I load or unload the dishwasher so we never leave any dishes around fill up my Kettle so that I can make coffee by just clicking the button in the morning I lay out the book that I'm going to read I set up my next day for Success the night before and it's been life-changing almost as life-changing as subscribing to this channel because trying to hit half a million by the end of the year so thank you to everybody who has subscribed and I'll see you next week

  Top Comments:
  1. @GabeBult [331 likes]: What minimalist rule changed your life?
  2. @jhopkins213 [1 likes]: 0:14 I guess "checking the spelling of captions in my videos" isn't one of those rules that "imporvied" your life, eh?
  3. @island321: I absolutely could care less about status symbols. My weakness is sentimental items and books. How can I get rid of these 50 things from my childhood or that my parents kept for decades when the items were so special for so long....It's TOUGH just tossing them out forever. Taking a picture will work for some things but other things....like something my grandmother made or something gifted to me in grade school or whatever is SO hard for me to throw out. ....but at the same time they just sit in boxes.
  4. @Dhrithimythri: We changed 7 houses in 9 years since our marriage. Initially, houses felt like this is my forever and I made my life decorating arranging it. 
I’m past it took me months to arrange but 
Now, this 8th house it’s just so wash and simple I can shift and arrange it in 2 hours time
  5. @lovelyscape2: A bit late but I found your channel... thank you for this video. I needed it.
  6. @thomasroberts8021: Thomas's wife here.  This an example of what is really important.  The memories and the things that remind you of loved ones are what really matter.  I am sorry you have lost those reminders.  😢
  7. @kajm1967: Well done.  I’m setting myself small goals to achieve this, especially as I get older. Life is a journey and we all have the same ending where we can bring nothing along with us and when the final curtain falls we do remember the times we had not the things, so really enjoy the experiences they mean so much more than the stuff.  Nice job on the video.
  8. @hghmnds: I think house getting burned down is a stretch
  9. @SimplyLeon-03: Thank you for sharing! Lots of value. Home rules. Yes, everything should have a place of its own.
  10. @louise6666: Don’t do the box thing. You will never look in that box again. But the box will sit and take up space. Set your timer for 30 min. Go through one area and get rid of anything  you don’t love or use or need. When the timer dings, fold up the bag or box, put it in your car, take it to the thrift store immediately
  11. @Jeremiah_420: "The stuff we own, ends up owning us." I love that ❤
  12. @aboutmoneyyt: intresting ❤
  13. @JOY.JustOneYou: What’s too many followers for a minimalist? 😁🤜🏽💥🤛🏽🫱🏽‍🫲🏾
  14. @HungryFurball-9904: I'm doing better because of the information you share, it really helps man. So many distractions these days, I'm even thinking about quitting Amazon to be honest. I dunno I may not, but yeah. Shits just too much these days, it's too fucking much.
  15. @InnerCursor: good vision!
  16. @nealamesbury7953: Wanna be a minamalist- become a over the road trucker.
  17. @CoreenT: Hey, I wanted to see the birds. 😅 4:29
  18. @WrenP156: Do you really need all that space ..all those rooms???  Not very minimal is it!
  19. @ShanesGuests: The 20/20 rule is such a practical way to stop hoarding just in case items, if you can replace it for under $20 in less than 20 minutes, just let it go
  20. @ravendavis3333: I do the nightly reset rule before bed. I have my outfit, random necessities for the following day and get coffee ready. Then, in the morning, push start on my coffee pot and go read on my porch for 20+ minutes before starting getting ready for work. I do this because my beginning isn't meant to be spent rushing or running around looking for something. It's meant to be calming and enjoyable. 
Lots of good advice. I'm keeping this video because it's a 90%. :) I will be going through my boxes in our garage and keeping the stuff I think about; like my easel and bike and camping gear, seasonal stuff we use.

- What Counts As Luxury Spending For My Budget?: Kind: captions Language: en [music] Have you ever looked at your bank statement and wondered where all your money went even after covering your essential bills? It is a common experience for many and often the answer lies in understanding our spending habits beyond the necessities. Luxury spending for your budget is essentially any expense that goes beyond your basic needs for survival and well-being. These are items or experiences you choose to purchase for pleasure, convenience, status, or an enhanced lifestyle rather than out of absolute necessity. The core mechanism behind identifying luxury spending is its subjective nature. What one person considers a luxury, another might see as an essential. This distinction often depends on your income level, family size, personal values, and cultural background. For instance, a weekly restaurant meal might be a treat for some, but a routine convenience for others with demanding work schedules. The key is that these expenses are discretionary, meaning you have control over whether or not to spend that money. To effectively identify luxury spending in your own budget, begin by meticulously tracking every expense for at least one month. Next, categorize these expenses into two main groups, needs and wants. Needs include housing, utilities, food, transportation for work, and essential health care. Wants encompass dining o entertainment, subscription services, new gadgets, vacations, and often designer clothing. Finally, review your wants, category, and honestly assess which of these align with your financial goals and which could be adjusted or eliminated to free up funds. This practice introduces you to conscious spending, which means making deliberate choices about where your money goes. You might uncover what we call silent luxuries. those small recurring expenses that add up significantly over time without much thought, like daily specialty coffees or multiple streaming services. Recognizing these patterns empowers you to redirect funds towards building family wealth, whether that is saving for a down payment on a home, investing in education, or creating a robust emergency fund. By clearly defining what luxury spending means for your unique financial situation and actively making informed choices, you gain greater control over your money. This clarity helps reduce financial stress, aligns your spending with your deepest values and paves a more direct path to achieving your family's dreams and securing a more prosperous future.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MDAkramKhan-o3s: I will increase your subscribers, viewers and making good thamnel for attractive auditions and also each and every project for growing your channel ❤❤

- Why Emotional Appeal Works: Kind: captions Language: en Sure. Well, first of all, Roman Roth is now on his 34th vintage, I believe, is just an incredible wine maker with tremendous consistency and a direction of style. So when you buy a Wolfer product, you you know you're going to get something that's approachable, that's uh that's fresh, that dances on your tongue, like he says, that is flavorful, aromatic, and and that's a theme across all of our products, whether it's spring in a bottle, non-alcoholic, whether it's the cider, even our red wines, they're fresh, fruit forward, and really drinkable in the summer. So the summer is a major theme for us, of course being the Hamptons, and and we want people to be transported here to the Hamptons. We want them to be transported to friendships, to sunsets, to just wonderful memories and with people in nice weather and and the lifestyle of the Hamptons. And so that that's a common theme across both the product and then certainly the packaging. The packaging is what really makes it move on the shelf when there's nothing else. When you're selling in Oklahoma and they've not heard of Woler, it's the packaging that gets them to try it. And the summer bottle packaging is something that still ahead of its time and groundbreaking. Just the technical details of creating a a bottle that is wrapped in extremely detailed, extremely colorful flowers is a feat that frankly we we work on every year to improve. And it's it's at the production facility which we now use two in around the world is the most challenging bottle that either have ever worked on. It's a seven layer screen printing process. of organic ink, one one um color at a time, layered on top of each other with um with that detail. It's just it's very very difficult to pull off. And at any rate, the the packaging is ultimately something that wows people. It's it's something that they want to take take home. They want to bring it to friends. It's it has a little bit of champagne of Vive Cleico Cove. you want to bring it to a friend's house to to share with them to give to them as a gift. People try to copy it all the time, but something about the design that is I think gets there and then also the the the brand beyond it resonates. It's not just the bottle. It's not just the liquid on the inside. It's there's we do a lot of work in creating a magic and an image around around the brand that is is the is the additional piece that that I think that that resonates and and connects with consumers.

- Dan Pink: The Power of Regret: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] regrets can feel toxic and unconstructive and so we swear them off at every chance we get but we shouldn't regret is human and can be a force for good according to the american regret project 82 percent of adults said that they at least occasionally look back on their life and wish they'd done things differently that means that americans are far more likely to experience regret than they are to floss their teeth really what do they regret on the surface patterns weren't dramatic regrets span a wide range of domains of life but beneath the surface we have four core regrets first foundation regrets happen when we make a choice that's easier in the short term but that compromises our basic level of stability in the longer term like developing bad health habits when we're young or not saving money for the future foundation regrets sound like this if only i'd done the work next boldness regrets happen when we don't seize an opportunity for growth when we feel we've played it too safe or settled common boldness regrets include not starting a business or not pursuing a romantic interest regrets sound like this if only i'd taken that risk also we fundamentally want to be good moral regrets can happen when we make a choice that our conscience says is wrong common examples of moral regrets bullying or cheating on a spouse moral regrets sound like this if only i'd done the right thing finally connection regrets happen when we neglect the people we love when those relationships have come undone as a result of a rift or from just drifting apart connection regrets sound like this if only i'd reached out our four core regrets tell us what we need in order to live a fulfilling life stability growth goodness and love and regrets can also help us meet those needs by helping us make better decisions improve our performance and develop a deeper sense of meaning and connection how by transforming existing regrets and anticipating future ones if you regret an action you've taken you can try to undo it by apologizing making amends and looking for ways to repair the damage or you can look for a silver lining figure out how the situation could have been worse turning the regret into relief and whether you regret something you've done or not done you can convert today's regrets into fuel for progress tomorrow start with self-disclosure reliving and relieving the regret talk to others about the regret or write it down to clear the air and reduce its burden next self-compassion normalizes and neutralizes the regret try treating yourself the way you treat a friend with kindness warmth and understanding and finally use self-distancing to objectively analyze and strategize about the lessons you've learned for example you can project yourself into the future and imagine yourself looking back with pride at how you grew from the regret yes another way to improve your future when you're making a decision anticipate the regrets you might feel that will slow your thinking and give you time to get more information and make the right call the downside is that anticipating regrets can paralyze you into not making a decision at all or lead you to just follow your gut instead if your decision touches on the big four regrets project yourself into the future and ask yourself which choice will help you build a foundation take a reasonable risk do the right thing and maintain a meaningful otherwise don't second-guess yourself make a call and move on remember that regret is the ultimate redemption story as powerful and affirming as any positive emotion even though it presents itself in disguise there's so much more to this book than we could cover in this short video read it today to find out more about how to harness the power of regret to live a fulfilling life you

  Top Comments:
  1. @WayTruthLife3 [1 likes]: A neat summary. Thank you
  2. @suzanamattos233: Very good!
  3. @Madarauchiha-ut5hc: Good video