- Luxury Fashion Is For Broke People: Kind: captions Language: en the rich don't dress like you think they do they aren't buying Gucci belts St laon bags or Versace robes the middle classes take a look at these three bags two are from Walmart and one is from Louis Vuitton can you tell which one is the luxury brand sure it's easy when the LV logo is plastered all over it but I lied one of those other bags isn't from Walmart it's actually a Birkin worth over $30,000 mainstream luxury fashion brands have trained us to believe that branding is everything when in reality most high-end products are really only status symbols for those that can't afford it real luxury hides in plain sight if youve seen the show succession you're probably aware of how one character's featuress $625 cashmir hat help popularize conversations regarding stealth well while famous movie stars are often pictured in the regular designer brands that you've heard of like Gucci and Balenciaga many times they're paid to advertise it the truly Rich that aren't constantly in the spotlight have an entirely different kind of wardrobe one based around minimalism quality and fit for example those plain gray t-shirts that Mark Zuckerberg wears they are $400 custom made from Brunello Cinelli yet to most people it looks like it could be from Target in fact when the truly Rich do wear traditional luxury Brands such as pra and Valentino they have access to exclusive designs that hide their branding when most people think of luxury items they're often reminded of brands that have strong advertising and a recognizable logo or design whether that be a Rolex watch a Lamborghini sports car or Gucci flipflops they're all easily identifiable as luxurious while billions of advertising dollars have been spent to ingrain that message into your mind often they aren't the Pinnacle of quality by any means they are simply highly regarded as a status symbol like many other animals on Earth we place value on status symbols as they can project value upon ourselves male peacocks use their colorful feathers to attract a mate Penguins collect Pebbles to prove their worth and US humans purchase douchy luxury goods it's all the same status symbols merely attempt to prove that their owner is valuable the reason we don't see the ultra rich like Jeff Bezos dripped out and Gucci is because we all know he's Rich he doesn't need to prove it however when you see your neighbor or coworker wearing a new designer outfit you immediately begin to wonder about how they are able to afford it turns out a lot of the time they can't why you wear huh why do you dress like that like like that what's you wearing you look poor in places with great income inequality those people with lower incomes live under significant social stress their lower position in the social hierarchy is more obvious and More consequential in response some people purchase the kinds of goods that create the impression that they have money to spare even when they don't researchers examined Google search Trends across the US and found that people in states with relatively High income inequality were more likely to search for luxury Brands than those in other states you can actually map this correlation and you can see searches for luxurious Brands like Ralph Lauren or items like fur vest have the same breakdown as did the map of income inequality despite what we think that common luxury items are only purchased by the rich it's actually the lower and middle class consumers that account for nearly half of the luxury goods Market globally people like to criticize those that overspend yet they don't realize why people do it in the first place for example overpriced Air Jordan sneakers are popular amongst young African-American men including those from poor neighborhoods despite the fact that purchasing them might cause more financial stress for many it's considered a necessity critics of spending above your means on luxury items often fail to recognize the underlying effect that these luxury goods can have for some their status in society is insecure many people who are low-income can't afford to appear like they are low income it's hard to attract a romantic partner if you look like a broke loser and good luck getting a good job if you show up at an interview looking like someone who's never had a good job before the most obvious proof that these luxury items act as a necessary status symbol for the middle class is the sheer number of counterfeits that exist from New York's Canal Street to China's Alley Express you'll find no shortage of logo riddled items their quality is usually subpar at vest yet its demand continues to grow the more extreme income inequality becomes the more pressure people feel to create the impression that they are succeeding when the co pandemic shut down nearly everything it caused many middleclass folks to lose their jobs and place significant financial strain on the entire world you'd think luxury spending would crash during a time of Global Financial uncertainty yet the exact opposite happened Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton lvmh for short is a French conglomerate that owns many Brands such as Tiffany and Dior oddly enough the last few years has been an incredible growth period for lbmh it's Mark cap at one point crossed over half a trillion dollars and Bernard Arno CEO of lvmh became the richest person alive with a net worth over $200 billion there's not a singular reason why this happened but experts point to a few key findings that help tell the story for one studies continue to prove that income inequality causes both the rich to consume more luxury goods as they can afford to but also that poor individuals similarily consume more as a means to present themselves successful governments across the world also gave out stimulus checks during this period and many people used it to buy luxury items perhaps it's because they didn't know what else to use it for but studies show it's indicative of a cultural shift regarding how we view luxury a study from Bane found that jenzy consumers are starting to buy luxury items some 3 to 5 years earlier than Millennials at 15 years old versus around 18 to 20 gone are the days where luxury items were exclusively for the rich now it's merely a savings goal for younger generations to eventually purchase these items by now pay later platforms like afterpay and luxury resale sites like the real real offer even more ways for those financially insecure to partake in this illusion people have babies with no money all the time and if you're so worried about it why don't you stop buying designer clothes huh I buy everything on eBay it doesn't count when you're wearing Marc Jacobs from Minneapolis as younger gener Generations increase their consumption of luxury goods these products lose their value as a means to Signal wealth even in the Simpsons what was supposed to be a cartoon about a lower middle class family has now done a collaboration with Balenciaga it's clear that mainstream luxury fashion brands had begun shifting away from targeting the rich and instead towards advertising to the middle class to rationalize their expensive price relative to Quality these luxury brands are careful to thread the needle between grow grow and scarcity many companies do limited production runs or even destroy their excess inventory to create scarcity luxury fashion items have some of the highest margins across all Industries and they keep it that way through projecting a false sense of exclusivity the idea that luxury has been diluted by the middle class has resurfaced many discussions regarding two so-called factions of well old money and new money old money would be someone like a member of the Walton family who famously founded Walmart and new money would be someone like your uncle who apparently made Millions buying Bitcoin being old money suggests a kind of generational familiarity to wealth that doesn't require someone to show it off compared to new money was suggest someone didn't grow up rich and has a need or desire to project their new found wealth this tension between old money and new money has existed forever perhaps most famously explored in F Scot Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby so social media especially since the show's succession seems to have really obsessed over the idea that old money is classy and new money is trashy especially when it comes to how they dress in the show when luxury items were worn they weren't from Brands you probably ever heard of and besides looking well fit and of high quality they weren't anything unique they are ridiculously expensive but only other rich people would know the show clearly suggests that old money has quiet luxury and new money left subtlety and everyone's laughing up their sleeves about your date what why why because she's brought a ludicrously capacious bag what what's even in there huh when we think of mainstream luxury Brands the first thing that comes to mind is often clothing that has its logo plastered all over it but most fashion brands such as Ralph Loren or Gucci typically also have a secondary sub brand or style that lacks any obvious signs of branding but also being higher quality and more expensive it's kind of like how Tech subscriptions have evolved you can use the cheaper version with ads or pay for premium and get a higher quality adree experience funny enough an entire fashion subculture has now emerged that tries to emulate the old money aesthetic on a budget which really just seems to be fashion designs like this companies like Zara and H&M have capitalized on this trend and although to some extent this is just another way of projecting a false sense of status at least it can be far less expensive and not nearly as obnoxious it goes without saying that not everyone that purchases flashy luxury items are insecure posers some just really like the brand and that's perfectly fine advertising and social media has effectively allowed Brands to communicate unique identities around their products and there's enough variety for everyone to find something they like there isn't anything inherently wrong with saving up to purchase a luxury item often people do it as a gift to themselves to celebrate an achievement the problem arises when these are used as a tool to project status especially during times of economic hardship while owning a home has become Out Of Reach for many in the middle class luxury consumption for the same demographic continues to go up while some may say it's our own fault as our priorities have shifted perhaps regular folks have merely given up on what used to be attainable and these luxury brands have done a better job of capitalizing on our insecurities so the next time you find yourself wanting to splurge on a luxury brand question the reason you have that desire in the first place is it because you actually really like it and think it provides a lot of value per dollar or is it something more who are you really buying it for yourself or so that others can see you owning [Music] it

  Top Comments:
  1. @RaisedMedia [5000 likes]: To be clear, the rich often still do wear items with the logo all over it. Everyone has their own style. The point is that these luxury items are no longer exclusive to the rich, in fact many luxury brands make up over half their revenues from the middle class! Nobody is judging you for wearing what you like, the point is that these brands have benefited from significant growth by targeting those in the middle and lower class. These luxury items are now engrained into our culture as status symbols of financial and social security and for many, have become essential to own.
  2. @PAVELKOULIKOV [1 likes]: If you really want some item from an expensive brand and it will make you really happy then go ahead and buy it. 
But if it is only to show off to others it is ridiculous, specially if in other areas of your life you are clearly not on that level. 

For example, it is ridiculous to buy a Rolex to prove others that you are high status, if you pay rent and live with roommates. 
It is ridiculous to own some Gucci shit if you barely have any food for your day.
  3. @AmantReid [1 likes]: The bigger the logo the poorer the target customers.
  4. @patthonsirilim5739 [1 likes]: Rich people flex business jets and there estate things like clothing and jewelry is simply too cheap
  5. @mochii124: 1 day or day 1?
  6. @risue08: When you think "time is gold, money will return" it's almost a luxury to many.
  7. @as7river: The ultimate luxury flex is not caring about money.
  8. @dvdmtz79: Another distinction is knowing how the brands are pronounced. Over pronouncing ‘Ralph Lauren’ is one such example. Also, the Birkin shown looks like their regular cow leather which are not $30k. They are around a $10k which still isn’t cheap but is disingenuous to over-inflate for shock value when the correct price would do the same.
  9. @BrothaEnock: The most luxurious brands I’ve been wearing for the last years are my friends clothing brands.
  10. @thatboymarlinlen: I understand the video but rich people also often times don’t have fashion sense 😅
  11. @rodser1549: Buy what you can afford and what  you want to wear.
  12. @SUB-IN-SUPER: There is no bigger irony than to see someone with a Gucci belt, a Hermes or YSL bag on public transport.
If you’re REALLY rich, you wouldn’t be wearing flashy logos or pay hundreds if not thousands of dollars for a designer bag.
There are so many instances where I see a ‘wannabe hood-rich’ in Moncler, LV hat and Dsquared jeans, Canada Goose or Gucci stuff.
In Sweden we have a word from them: They’re called “blatte”.

You’re not buying the quality, you’re paying for the “status” or rather the illusion of it.
And I learnt that down the road.

Nowdays I wear things that are very minimal or subtle.
Usally a Canali blazer with a pair of Corneliani pants.
  13. @Skitty235: The thing I’m learning is that you don’t need to spend a lot of money, as a woman I have a few good structured bags from the thrift store, those already elevate the look vs a floppy canvas bag. Buy costume jewelry and focus on the shape and silhouette of your clothes. Also wear nicer shoes if you have them, I’ve thrifted a lot of heels and other shoes.
  14. @darnellgill7100: Quality matters, I’ll pay a decent price for that. But if we talking about the price costing the same amount as a car or house, I’ll pass 😎
  15. @FOTOPROFAI: you can't even spell cucinelli right in the first place, however making statements about someone judging by what they wear in 2026... how did you survive until this day at all ? :)) is that 600 usd cap more interesting than balenciaga's provocations or gucci's iconic monograms? is that grey t shirt worth 400 will be more fun to wear than some extraordinary design t shirt? comparing billionaires in the glass penthouses with people who just probably have a normal well paid job and life is absurd, but if broke people are trying to look rich wearing such items, does not mean that these brands become bad or less valuable, right? the same shit with cars, right? billionaires drive toyota's, but did you check whats inside their garage? tons of Ferrarís and Rolls Royces, no? I will always find such "theories" a biggest cringe created by some smart teenagers who can't afford neither gucci, nor cucinelli, but as always talk a lot .
  16. @Rdelevi: A bunch of pretty big assumptions here for this premise. Wealth inequality allegedly drives wasteful spending, but the opposite is just as possible. People can be on the wrong end of wealth inequality in one of the most mobile economies in the world because of wasteful spending.
Also claiming that people brought more luxury goods in 2020 because of lost economic opportunity and not because they had thousands of dollars dropped into their accounts by governments specifically to stimulate spending also feels like a reach.
  17. @motorcityneedlearts-sy1dv: Counterfeits look real thus the lack of scarcity
  18. @motorcityneedlearts-sy1dv: Yep
  19. @swyaseen: So rich people just like over paying for simple stuff.  😂
  20. @JudeKS10: I think it's just that, for normal people, if you spend that much on something stupid you want people to know. Whereas for really rich people, they cost the less than going thrifting (pre 2020) for average people, so they don't care that much anymore and just prioritize quality

- How Designer Brands Keep You Poor: Kind: captions Language: en this bag right here costs three hundred thousand dollars and not because it's lined with diamonds or was owned by the lake Queen Elizabeth but because this is a Birkin bag if you're not familiar already the Birkin bag is considered the most expensive luxury handbag in the world the costs range from 8 500 to 300 000 a bag and that's not even considering the purchasing history that you need to establish with Hermes just to be considered able to buy a Birkin bag because you can't just walk into an airmed store and buy a Birkin bag at the register you have to establish a purchasing history with Hermes meaning you frequently buy a variety of their other products like scarves and makeup my game plan was to you know wear a lot of my Hermes items to show that hey I'm an Irma's customer and I'm just not like because tons of tourists just come in who have never purchased any Ms in their life and the first question I was asked was do you have an Hermes bag so I'm wearing my two click H bracelet got on my Hermes Kelly belt Hermes CDC belt my twilly around my neck you know I'm a loyal customer etc etc imagine if Dick's Sporting Goods did the same thing and just buy a basketball you also had to buy a kayak golf club and some of Dwayne Johnson's Under Armor line be ready ridiculous and yet that's the reality of buying a Birkin bag I would argue it is the physical epitome of manufactured exclusivity it's four thousand I know and there's a waiting list I assumed five years for a bag it's not a bag it's a Birkin and yet despite the many hoops and long wait lists that are associated with this bag people keep flocking to it they might save money for years just to buy one bag which by the way you often don't get a say in what kind of color or style of bag you get but if you want a Birkin bag you're gonna have to take what they give you so why is this happening what is so magical about this bag obviously the answer is subjective You could argue it's because the materials they use are super high quality or because it's Handmade by Artisans but I think the answer is a little more Primal than that we seek social status from what we wear to where we go to school to the handbags we carry we want to be perceived as high status especially higher status than those around us designer items like the Birkin bag become this cheat code of sort in our modern consumerist culture robust generational marketing has labeled value status wealth and some Indescribable specialness to designer items and those who buy into the market getting messages therefore assign those same labels to the person owning the designer items the world of designer brands from Louis Vuitton to Rolex is one where social status is achieved purely through consumption and spending it's a system that can easily keep you poor if you're not careful which is why I want to dive into this topic of designer brands for today's video let's talk about how designer Brands Target the poor instead of the rich how they prey on our psychology help destroy the planet and how rich we could possibly be if we didn't spend money on designer products by the way if you're interested in more videos on money media society and intentional living be sure to subscribe and check out my other video essays I'm trying to post every other week right now it's more like a monthly Cadence and my goal with these videos is to share financial education in an interesting accessible way while also encouraging people to reduce consumption for our planet be sure to subscribe and thank you for watching so first things first designer Brands will keep you poor emphasis on keep because despite the high prices these brands are targeting the poor and not the rich they're targeting the people who want to look rich middle and lower class folks who don't have that much money or savings that is the bread and butter of designer brands Steve Jobs is famous for his black turtleneck look amongst other things despite his immense wealth he always kept that same very simple look no designer logos in sight and this is the same case for many of the Uber Rich Bill and Melinda Gates Mackenzie Scott Melanie Perkins Mark Zuckerberg Whitney wolf heard these aren't people who are running around in Gucci slides and Versace belts and Louis Vuitton emblazoned outfits no matter how much I would kill to see Bill Gates dripping in Gucci it'd be a look but why don't we see the Uber rich in these designer Brands I think it's because they don't need to prove they're rich we know and I think that's what designer brands are really selling they're selling conspicuous consumption aka the spending and consumption of luxuries in an attempt to enhance one's Prestige basically they're selling you a costume so you can pretend to look rich except that isn't typically what rich people actually look like if anything designer Brands can have the opposite effect and make people think you're desperately trying to fit in with the rich maybe this is a bit harsh but it kind of feels like this Neon sign that says I'm over compensating I don't really belong with the wealthy how can we tell when someone is pretending to be rich when someone is a stereotype or almost like a caricature of a rich person the brands they wear perhaps the brands they show on display when you are trying too hard and that's usually a big giveaway when someone is just faking it because they're trying to overcompensate for something that is not really there and actually in a study conducted by the American affluence Research Center and analyzed by unity marketing more than 300 consumers with a minimum net worth of eight hundred thousand dollars were surveyed and they found that many wealthy Shoppers consider certain luxury Brands overrated including Louis Vuitton Gucci Hermes Prada and Rolex when I think about what it means to be rich I think about the phrase Millionaire Next Door there are nearly 22 million millionaires in the US and I bet many of them you would never know or million millionaires chances are one of them might be your next door neighbor unassuming driving a Keo shopping at Costco and TJ Maxx they're not trying to be flashy they're not out buying the most expensive version of everything because they understand the value of money the value being Frugal and making more than you spend basically the caricature of the millionaire that we've grown up seeing on TV and now on social media is one that requires hundred thousand dollar watches and Jet setting and designer brand outfits but that's not realistic it's just flashiness and you might say hey but all these celebrities and influencers I see they're always wearing designer and they're totally rich and you're right duolippo wears a lot of Versace Billy eilish wears a lot of Gucci Kim wears a lot of Balenciaga she should probably cut that partnership though many of us are first exposed to the designer world through our favorite celebrities but what we don't see is that behind the scenes these influencers and celebrities get sent so many free products from designer Brands to do because they know that it's free marketing If That Celebrity or influencer is pictured wearing or holding that item and some celebrities like the ones I just mentioned have official ambassadorship Partnerships with these designer Brands where they're paid to constantly wear their stuff because of all this there's this illusion that designer brand items equate wealth and coolness it feeds straight into our psychological desire to fit in and be part of an exclusive Club especially one where our peers are our rich and famous Idols it preys on insecurity and unfortunately the people most vulnerable to this kind of messaging and insecurity are middle class and lower class folks I save change over a year and I was able to buy the bag of my dream so you would be surprised at how much saving change can do for you this video I found of people waiting in line for Supreme launch was especially interesting to me because I think it nicely juxtaposed these high ticket items with the low earning buyers pretty well I go to college so I can't afford the CDG collab I go to school so how do you have money to buy this I collect my parents allowance while also showing the alert that just the designer name alone had for these people is it worth it yeah it's worth every dime because it's Supreme because of supreme another thing I think about is this viral story about a woman who took her mom on a Dior shopping spree after her mom was treated poorly at a Dior store according to the daughter the mom had been ignored by a Dior sales rep because the mom was dressed poor which you'd think like if a store was treating my mom that way we wouldn't go there how rude but instead it kind of had the opposite effect they went back there and they purchased a lot of stuff and just looking quickly at some of the do our products online I know that shopping spree cost multiple thousands of dollars like this one Dior bag costs as much as some cars and house down payments there's no chump change what's interesting is that this rudeness the mom experienced is an alleged technique designer brands use to boost sales staff rudeness causes what's known as the Pretty Woman effect which is referencing the Julia Roberts movie Pretty Woman where she goes and buys a ton of luxury goods after being dismissed by one of the sales reps big mistake big huge solder marketing Professor Darren Dahl who researched this effect explains that designer brand sales reps quote can end up having a similar effect to an in-group in high school that others aspire to join for the study participants imagined or had interactions with sales representatives rude or not they then rated their feelings about Associated Brands and their desire to own them after being treated poorly participants who expressed an aspiration to be associated with high-end Brands reported an increased desire to own the luxury product designer Brands attempt to hijack our psychological desire to fit in and display status we want to be seen as the richest person in the room the richest amongst our friends the richest person at work the problem is there's always going to be someone richer it's always going to be someone with more money more bags more designer things more whatever even Elon Musk who was the richest man in the world for a while he's down 200 billion dollars there's always going to be someone else and even if he still was at the top there's a ton of other metrics that he'll never be the top of because there's always just going to be someone else because that's life there's always going to be someone with some other superlative that you don't have and it's really easy to get caught in this cycle of chasing chasing status symbols like designer handbags or luxury cars but this cycle of chasing will leave or keep most people poor when you're caught in the cycle your time isn't your own it's owned by the drug of buying manufactured status which is paid for by the hours of your life at a job the way I think about it is the more designer items you buy or really anything that you buy the more of your life you're trading away obviously we have to spend money to survive but the level of excess that Designer Brands promote is not essential to live I argue instead it actually robs us the chance to truly live for myself I think a lot about intentional living this is where you're aware of what your personal values and beliefs are and you try to actively make decisions that align with those values and beliefs it's the reason I personally don't buy designer Goods because the values don't align with my values and I think that my time and money could be spent better elsewhere and one of the values that doesn't align with mine is that of the designer industry's wastefulness this is what coach's dumpster looks like and they Splash everything up they slash them up so you can't I guess refill them or try to return them or something for money it completely trash their merchandise many designer brands are notorious for intentionally destroying their extra product coach was called out for it after that video that you just saw and in 2018 Burberry was called out for incinerating their unsold products this is a very widespread practice throughout the fashion industry doesn't just affect luxury houses it also affects the High Street in fact we had h m you know doing something similar quite recently it is you know the result for me of years and years of mass production and to a certain extent an industry that is profoundly inefficient it's a big problem that has caused a lot of backlash which is understandable because it's kind of wild to think about products perfectly good products being ripped up or burnt simply to keep other people away from it it's very much giving Joker in The Dark Night causing chaos but I think this practice nicely captures the combined wastefulness and illusion of scarcity that defines the designer World from an environmental standpoint the fashion industry is a man this to our planet and I know that sounds dramatic it kind of blew my mind to learn about how awful the fashion industry was when I first learned about its impact but listen to this this is from a Bloomberg article the global glut of clothing is an environmental crisis quote fashion accounts for up to 10 of global carbon dioxide output more than international flights and shipping combined according to the United Nations environment program it's the second most polluting industry behind oil oil which is oil you know I want to be clear not all of that waste is from designer Brands alone I actually think the larger culprits are fast fashion places like Xi'an and Uniqlo because they just promote hyper over consumption and Hyper over disposal and really short Trend cycles and actually the fashion industry could probably take a few lessons from designer brands in the idea of trying to build things that are going to be more long-lasting and higher quality so that you're not constantly having to go buy new things that being said designer Brands don't get away scot-free here sure they might not be following the increasingly short Trend cycles of tick tock where Styles go out of fashion within weeks but designer Brands still pump out new trends throughout the seasons effectively adding to the culture of overconsumption as people try to follow the latest Styles this type of over consumption not only hurts our planet but also our wallets if you want to hear more about that topic be sure to check out my other video how consumerism ruins our planet and finances Beyond fueling over consumption the materials that luxury brands use have a Major Impact you've got some Brands using animal parts like skins and teeth to create their products which raise their own ethical questions and you've also got the environmental impact of creating the raw materials used for the products things like cotton growing cattle farming mining all of these are incredibly energy intensive with carrying the company that owns Gucci and YSL finding that 75 percent of its environmental impact was from raw material production and processing alone now I know those are a lot of facts and figures is about environmental impact and you might be like hey this video is supposed to be about money and how these Brands keep me poor but I think that wastefulness is an inherent part of the conversation because there is a link between climate change and poverty and the worst that climate change gets the worse The Divide between the rich and poor gets speaking of rich and poor let's talk about the opportunity cost of buying designer Brands AKA how rich could you be if you didn't buy designer items let's crunch some numbers a popular defense of buying designer items is at their investment pieces for some that means that they last a long time rather than just being thrown away within the year probably true but I would argue you don't have to spend designer brand prices to get something that's higher quality there's a lot of other options out there that are a little more affordable but the other way that people mean investment piece is literally as an investment it's something that they can buy one day and then resell later on and make a profit from this is a very popular argument for our old friend the Birkin bag I have been collecting these bags for a minute they're also a great investment according to Time magazine in 2016 quote the Birkin bag outpaced both the stock market and the price of gold in the last 35 years a time period chosen to reflect the date when Birkin bags were first produced in 1981. they say that the annual return on a Birkin was 14.2 percent compared to the s p average of 8.7 percent a year and Gold's negative 1.5 but there's a few problems with this logic first being like we mentioned at the beginning of the video the price tag on the Birkin bag is not the only thing that you're going to be paying you have to have a purchasing history with Hermes so you have to include that in what you're investing and since you're using this as an investment piece you're probably going to want to take insurance out on it that's going to cost you a pretty penny as well it's weird to think about how fragile an investment something like a Birkin bag or a designer product is especially when you compare it to more traditional investment like stocks like spill your coffee in it have your dog get a little too curious and suddenly you have lost thousands of dollars in resale value can't say that ever happens to me with my stock portfolio so before we end I thought it'd be really interesting to crunch some numbers to see how rich you could be if you didn't buy a designer bag and you instead invested in something like a low-cost Index Fund which is one of my personal favorites so let's say you have 3 500 in disposable income which is the money that you have left over after taxes and you pay Essentials in Choice a you decide to splurge on a 3 500 designer bag like this one from Louis Vuitton in Choice B you decide to buy a nice quality purse from somewhere like TJ Maxx and you put the remaining 3 450 in a brokerage account that invests into the s p 500. now jumping 10 years ahead let's say that you can sell that Louis Vuitton bag for 3 500 I'm putting that in there because I don't feel like it's a level where you could sell it for more and also if you're actually using the bag there's probably going to be a level of wear and tear so we're going to be generous and say you're able to sell it for the exact same amount that you bought it profit being zero dollars looking at Choice B though and using the s p 500's historical average of 11.8 percent growth your 3 450 has now become ten thousand five hundred and twenty five dollars that's a seven thousand seventy five dollar increase if you're paid the national average of 28.10 an hour and you work 40 hours a week that growth equals six and a half weeks of your working life life that's a month and a half earlier that you could retire and live the life of your dreams and if Choice a continues to buy designer products throughout their life the gap between their life and the wealth they could be building is going to continue to grow and look for some people that might be totally totally worth it and that's fine the social signaling and the enjoyment that they get from having designer products might be worth more than that extra time not working or building up wealth despite all my personal opinions people can and will choose what they want to spend their time and money on but what I hope this thought experiment in this video overall can do is to help us think a little bit differently about designer Brands and how we spend our money money is time and I think it's always a good idea to reflect on how we are spending both of them so what do you think have you bought designer before and did you feel like it was worth the high price tag or not really let me know what you think in the comments below I'd be really curious to hear and also let me know if you have a topic that you'd like me to cover next if you want to see more be sure to check out my other video video essays like this one on influencer culture or this one on the stay-at-home girlfriend Trend thank you so much for watching be sure to like And subscribe to please the algorithm Lords and I will see you guys next time bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @thefinancialfreedomgirl [16 likes]: I LAUNCHED A NEWSLETTER!! 🎉 https://thepopfinancereport.substack.com/ -- GO CHECK IT OUT & SUBSCRIBE!!! 🥰 

"The Pop Finance Report" is a monthly (for now) newsletter diving into pop culture and money! If you've been craving more dives into money and media, and perhaps a way to consume media outside of the typical algorithm-driven social media world, this is the newsletter for you!
  2. @AnnaCormier-m1b: My friend’s ‘YSL’ sunglasses looked so authentic, I was shocked when she said they were from :yt: amzrepe :yt:. Fast shipping and amazing customer service too!
  3. @DrewniakHardmon: There is nothing left to boast about, just cheap bags with a nice name,🫣 That's what happened to me with a wheelbarrow that came from China :yt: amzrepe :yt:.
  4. @DrewniakHardmon: Now I have learned how to maximize the quality of my life at the lowest cost. Now, the :yt: amzrepe :yt: bag in my hand is the best proof.
  5. @JoyceChagnon-z1b: YSL Cassandra bag dupe from :yt: amzrepe :yt: is stunning! The logo and chain strap are luxurious. Perfect for nights out.
  6. @luckykansara7994: Deadass, legacy brands are just charging for a logo at this point while selling the same "vintage" look for the 100th time. 💀

Phaesto is actually refreshing because they aren't just slapping a cross on a ring and calling it a day.
  7. @WW10777: As they say, a fool and their money are easily parted.
  8. @StefanieElliot: The third order came with a handwritten note? So personal! The ivory YSL envelope clutch elevated my jeans and t-shirt look. :yt: skydup :yt:knows their audience!
  9. @PetrovicBlackstock: I wore my :yt: amzswis :yt: Rolex to a party and instantly caught everyone’s attention.
  10. @QuietlyEdited: Really love the concept of verbal essays. Money really is time!
  11. @DianeScott-b6x: The detail on that AP is insane. I wonder if  :yt: amzswis :yt: has a version of this, their selections are usually pretty spot-on.
  12. @DawnCrow-h6e2o: Third order: embroidered Dior school bag survived toddler markers. Magic erasers + :yt: skydup :yt:fabric = an unstoppable mom combo. Playdate approved!
  13. @EllaZacarias-q1m7b: The :yt: skydup :yt: emerald Valextra knockoff is museum quality. So happy with it.
  14. @ZoilaWhite-y2d: :yt: skydup :yt:'s taupe Bottega card case? Chef's kiss. The braided leather hasn't stretched after heavy use. Even my fashion magazine editor friend gave a nod of approval. Already repurchasing the black one!
  15. @ady2962: If you’re rich, your achievement speaks for you which is equivalent to the less rich using designer clothes to speak for them. So what’s the problem here? 
We shouldn’t be made to feel guilty or inferior for doing what works for our mental health. 
Bill gates will never want to be poor, a poor person will never wish to stay poor so that’s one thing we all have in common. 
The rich use private jets etc. the poor can’t afford it and so no one criticises them for not affording the private jet lifestyle. But all of a sudden the poor have something they want to use to make themselves feel good and rich yet the rich hate it so they send agents like yourselves to criticise them for buying designer items. So they can keep the poor looking poor while the rich keep looking rich. 
Just allow people to be happy with whatever they can afford.
  16. @caiyingwu4643: True "status" is when these brands pay you to wear them. Still pretty empty even then, IMO.
  17. @StacyMason-u2t: Thank you for showing us! I stuff my :yt: amzrepe :yt: bags with anything, even clothes! Thick scarfs work well rolled up. I even stuff my cheap ones!
  18. @ewaldseiland8558: Then it's your job to keep designer brands poor
  19. @maryelgacula: I like a good imitation, :yt: amzrepe :yt: because it helps me decide if I want to buy the real thing, that's the part." That's it. But for me, I would take a break from buying those really popular luxury big-ticket items.
  20. @BabatWooster: :yt: amzswis :yt:replicas are identical to the originals

- Don't Let Fashion Put You Into Debt: Kind: captions Language: en okay so change of scenery and the main reason is I just moved houses so there's actually boxes everywhere so I can't actually have a good setup for now hopefully by the next video I will but in today's video I mainly wanted to talk about finances and this is something I feel like is a really important discussion thing to discuss because a lot of people don't know why they post fit pictures they don't know why I don't really do pick up videos a lot not not saying I don't buy a lot of clothes I do but I just don't do a lot of pick up videos and we'll get into that so first thing that I will say is I don't like this whole culture of people promoting things that they don't own or they don't have because I feel like that kind of creates this peer pressure where everyone feels like they need to have certain things to be seen as I don't know stylish just like that whole what's that serious buy unlocks how much your outfit worth I think things like that kind of promote this idea that if you don't have specific pieces you can't be stylish and that pressure kind of leads people to making really really bad financial decisions in my personal opinion so on Instagram there are people who have all this Margiela but they can't pay their rent they can't pay their bills so when you see stuff on Instagram you should just take all that stuff with a grain of salt a lot of people a lot of inferences I know that they wear their friends stuff and say it so theirs and I'm not talking about Kenya Jamar by the way if anyone knows what happens with that I'm talking about like other people I know and who wear their friends stuff or borrow their friends stuff for fit pictures and kind of have this thing where they act like they own all these clothes but most of it isn't theirs and that's why I really don't place a lot of fit pictures because me personally I'm building a wardrobe so I I don't buy clothes very frequently I buy players interview once every six months and every time I buy stuff it has to fit in with my wardrobe and kind of because I want to make a whole cohesive closet so if I was to truly do a recent pickups video it would just be once every six months which is boring so I just thought I might as well not do that and in terms of fit pictures I wear my clothes for myself and I feel like the problem I have with a lot of fit pictures and a lot of influences who do the whole fit picture thing is they wear outfit so they don't wear day to day so it's not a good representation of how they actually dress so by someone's Instagram you're gonna think oh they dress so good they dress so experimental but day to day they just wear basic stuff and all that stuff is like performative for social media so once again I'm just not really I don't really care about stuff like that if I'm gonna wear a nice outfit I'm gonna wear for me I don't really wear clothes for approval from other people with to get likes and all that sort of stuff I'm not trying to be big on Instagram which is why don't really post fit pictures obviously I'll post a fit picture from time to time because people were like we want to see how you dress you talk about fashion all the time which is fair enough but I don't really care about that stuff I'll just be the first to say it like I really don't care about will that fit picture stuff so when it comes to clothing I'm mainly talking about this for like younger people young people who can be really impressionable when it comes to all this fashion stuff so of course there are cheaper ways to buy clothing that I normally use like railed Yahoo Japan auctioned deep hop you can thrift stuff there's so many different ways to go on the second-hand market and then of course you can look for different sales if you live somewhere like London or maybe a big city like I don't know New York there will be a lot of sample sales by brands where you can buy things at crazy discounts there's also a well known Antwerp sample sale that happens a few times a year but in general what I'm trying to say today is that people should really try not to make really horrific financial decisions because I've seen a lot of young kids who are growing up and this some of my family members are kind of in this the ones that into fashion and they just spend all their money on clothes and they never have any money and they're always broke that is not smart financially you always have to have some sort of savings because you never know what's gonna happen you might find yourself in an emergency and then now you're selling your yamamoto that you bought for a thousand four two hundred because you're desperate for this money so I wouldn't advise spending all your money on clothing for a good representation I'd say you should only really be spending around ten to thirty percent of your total income on like frivolous things like clothes for example so it sound like me people another reason why I don't buy lot of clothes is because I'm not rich so considering I live in London I have to pay bills I've have a lot of things to pay for all things considered at the end of the month I don't really have that much money to spend on clothes anyway so I try to just save my money because if we're talking about finances you want your money to multiply so if I have let's just say I have five thousand pounds it's really dumb to have five thousand pounds and then spend five thousand pounds and then always be broke it's actually a lot smarter to get this five thousand pounds make a business invest it into something like for example I'm launching my magazine soon I'm gonna like release a merch with a magazine and stuff like that so I'm gonna probably invest my five thousand into that magazine making much then I'm going to come with a business plan term maybe where I can hopefully multiply that money and say it multiplies this is just hypotheticals of course but say it multiplies to thirty thousand it makes more sense to have five thousand invest it make thirty thousand then spend five thousand on clothes then you've got twenty five thousand left then you multiply 25,000 to 50,000 spend five thousand clothes forty five thousand make it grow to seventy thousand it's so much smarter because that way you always have money you always have cash flow you're never spending a huge amount of all the money you own on just clothes and it's just so much smarten I feel like for a lot of kids who are younger I've seen so many kids go into financial issues because of this fashion stuff where they feel like they need to have modulo and Rick Owens otherwise I not be seen as cool honestly you don't have to own all this expensive stuff to be into fashion I mean I wear the same outfit well obviously I'm wearing a brown t-shirt now I wear the same outfit in every single video I wear this a cold wool hat and I wear a black t-shirt and I've done it deliberately I've talks about it on live streams my wardrobe has literally that's full of clothes but the reason why I wear the same outfit every single video is so that people focus on what I'm saying and not what I'm wearing because if I wear all this like Rick Owens or I don't know it's my key Isabella Bernat oh all that stuff I feel like the focus is going to be too much on like what he what does he wear how does he dress and I'm a journalist I don't really want people to care about what I wear so relevant I want people to think about what I'm talking about the ideas that I'm bringing forth to the audience so yeah that's literally just something I wanted to say because I don't know a lot of kids are really really and rightfully so because all the influences are like by this by that by this by that by this so everyone thinks I need to buy all this stuff to be accepted in fashion what's a scene cool but I don't think you should you should put yourself in debt just because of clothes like clothes we love clothes but they're not important enough for you to put yourself in debt over them so yeah that's all I had to say mainly I want people to discuss in the comments what they think about this and just finances in general and but yeah comment down below your thoughts of course you guys can subscribe to my patreon the link is in the description below and on that note I'll be back with another video really soon [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @PandoraChiles [307 likes]: I’ve been to japan plenty of times, I can say with my whole heart that you guys are paying way too much on the mark up..save that money on the clothes and invest in a passport and TRAVEL to those second hand shops in different countries! That 1K pair of derby’s or heels can be a round trip with a suit case full of rare finds 🙃
  2. @Derinbepo [1 likes]: I haven't even finished watching this video, but I am so happy someone gets me, I love fashion and talk about it a lot but with everyone showing their love for fashion by only wearing and doing hauls and me fully knowing I cannot spend all my savings on clothes just for content.
thank you for highlighting this❤️❤️
  3. @keheungan [1 likes]: I had a breakdown after buying 70$ secondhand low-end luxury bag 😅 I feel guilty spending just that much
  4. @deepqwave9594 [1 likes]: Thank God for these thoughts♥️👍🏼
  5. @-ryn-: 3:08 that’s a really good point. Most influencers put together great fits on social media, but it of course doesn’t show what they most likely wear daily. I find it funny when people ostracize “normcore” when in fact that’s what most people find themselves wearing comfortably and what simply applies to their lifestyles outside of fashion. But I think there’s that fine balance b/w normcore and actually buying pieces that you enjoy, and putting together a good outfit
  6. @silasditzer: damn this intro....
  7. @glueball9511: It is of course good too support artists you love and supporting designers IS that ultimately, however I genuinely feel embarrassed wearing clothing inaccessible to others based on social status or circumstance. Class elitism drives a lot of things considered high-fashion, but again clothing is art so long as it is seen that way
  8. @latristessdurera8763: Saving is an investment in your future self. Most designer items aren’t going to disappear anytime soon. Sink funds are the way to go for big ticket items.
  9. @nurtured-channel2953: I really like your channel 👌👌👌
  10. @kwapah: Love this so much! Needs to said more often now of days!
  11. @arlenehutchinson9259: This is REAL TALK 💯 🙌🏾 Keep your eyes on the PRIZE 🏅👀
  12. @leo_is_not_available: Fashion is more fun than breathing.
  13. @eduardoantoniosantanaprado7992: I'm happy to be part of this channel. Because the content he made is true. I think the world or Instagram needs influencers like this guy and no the amount of fake ones that we have. Keep going man, your content is the best.
  14. @ilcapitanoalexandr8698: Stop moving lad
  15. @itsgambino8070: Underrated fashion channel
  16. @babyfaceraiv1052: People who do post fit pics barely post because they want to show off their sense of style but just to flex the same cliche tired brands everyone else has in the name of clout and being “cool” thats why so many people dress the same
  17. @Comica86: Good advice! In my opinion Insta and FB are the biggest advertising spaces. You can't go down your feed without seeing an ad, product placement seeping into your subconscious 😂. That priming is real folks. Let's not forget credit cards are dangerous!  I wish someone would've told me that years ago. If you find yourself in debt, think about a consolidated loan from a bank. Do your research!
  18. @mitsyhernandezz: Thank you for calling me out in this video. I love curating outfits. It’s my very favorite. Sadly, I don’t have a nice cohesive wardrobe tho. I have niche outfits.
  19. @BLONDGALGIGI: LMFAO performative, that part.
  20. @Darren0304: the idea of you wearing T-shirt and  a hat is really helps me focus on the content.

- Inside DELUSIONAL Princess's $25,000 Designer Wardrobe Of Debt! | Princess | S1 E3: Kind: captions Language: en I've been helping people with money for more than 20 years, but no one stopped me more than the princess. >> I think everybody should be able to spoil themselves and pamper themselves. I like to go out and have champagne, four or five course meals. I like to buy new clothing and new shoes. >> I'm here to help this princess take control of her money and her life. Over the next 6 weeks, she'll live on a strict cash diet and complete weekly challenges. On the handbag front, you have a purse for $1,800. It doesn't seem like that much. >> If this princess has what it takes, I'll transform her from spender to saver. And I'll give her up to $5,000 to help her pay down her debt. >> She can't live the same way that she's been living. I could do some serious damage in here. I really like this coat. I love it. I definitely want this one. You can never have too many little black dresses. >> No changes, no money. Oh. Oh. She's a princess. [Music] >> Meet Princess Lee. >> My name is Lee. I'm 33 years old and I'm a designated beauty advisor. >> Translation: This Princess sells cosmetics in a high-end department store. She lives in the swankiest part of town, just a short walk from work. >> I kind of like how they call it the Rodeo Drive of Toronto. It's a very central occasion. I like to go out and have fun, have dinners, drink, and she's surrounded herself with friends who admire her luxurious lifestyle. >> She has a certain aesthetic where she holds her head high. She's a little bit more like a queen. >> When it comes to fashion, Lee only buys the best designer brands. I think my biggest weakness for shopping has to be shoes. I look necessary luxury. Her idea of, you know, acceptable clothing is uh above and beyond most people's. >> Love it. I definitely want this one. >> Gucci is all I can afford. What you're wearing, what you have, that's very important to her. >> There you go. I spend most of my money on actual skin care. >> So, 195 today. Okay. Thank you. >> Lee's as comfortable at spending money as she is at racking up debt. Yes, I live paycheck to paycheck. just moving money around from one account to the other so that I'm making my payments. >> She has always had a problem, I think, with money. It always seemed to run through her fingers. >> Not only is Lee's debt increasing, but things aren't going well at work and her salary is shrinking dramatically. >> I was making over $70,000 and you know, times got tough. Then my job changed and then I'm looking at another loss this year. >> She has no clue how to extricate herself from this. >> Lee is one paycheck away from disaster. It's time for this princess to change her attitude about everything. So, we are here because it is time for us to have a good look at what other people think and for me to tell you what I think. >> Mhm. >> You've had a couple of financial setbacks recently in terms of changes at work. >> Yes. >> And you've had another announcement just today. >> Yes. It looks like I might be facing another cut in my salary. >> Right. >> It's not pretty. You have no trouble dropping $240 sitting poolside for an afternoon. >> Because you think that you're entitled to that? >> I do. I think everybody should be able to spoil themselves and pay for themselves. >> You're a shop girl. >> You don't have the resources to keep up with the people that you are keeping up with. >> I just, you know, I'd like to find other ways to cut back on expenses and still be able to enjoy some of these things. >> Let's look and see what daddy has to say. >> Maybe I'm like every parent. I'd like to think that she's capable of doing more. I'm assuming she's debtree now other than her credit cards. >> And what's what is that about? >> I realize he doesn't really know what's going on. >> Let's hear from your sister. >> I think that uh describing her as being somewhat lost right now would be a a fair assessment. My greatest fear for Lee. Um, I don't know to put it into words. She can't ever put it into words, but she's very afraid for you. I want to ask you an important question. I want you to think about this, okay? When the clear eyes and the beautiful skin are gone, what will be left? Yeah, that was a bit of a a reality check. >> I'm going to show you the black and white of your numbers so you can see just how deep in doodoo you are. I brought in Lee's sister, father, and mother to take a look at the numbers. I felt a sense of relief. I actually expected my debt to be a lot higher. Denial. Denial. denial. I think she still has a long way to go to accept reality. It doesn't feel like that much right now to me. >> This is actually 175 with a question mark because you potentially owe taxes. Do you know that the tax man can actually go into your bank account and take your money and then you wouldn't have the money to pay the rent? Okay. You cannot owe the tax man money. >> Mhm. you have almost $4,900 on a credit card on which you are paying $47 a month. Of that, $37 is going to interest, which means that it'll cost you $18,000 in interest. You are saving absolutely nothing. You're spending 23% of your income on debt repayment. You are spending 39% of your income on your needs, on your wants. You're spending 63% of your income. >> Add up those percentages and tell me what you get. >> Uh, more than 100. >> 126% of your income and still no savings. Are any of you guys surprised at this? >> I'm flabbergasted. >> I thought I was doing a little bit better than that cuz I thought I was just kind of keeping afloat. >> Yeah, you're not keeping. >> I am. I'm thinking. >> Okay, let's see where some of that money has gone. On the handbag front, you own five designer bags worth over $4,000, including a purse for $1,800. On the clothing front, you have 19 designer dresses worth $10,115. And she always says she doesn't have anything to wear. And you have over 20 pairs of designer shoes ranging in price from $350 to $950 each for a total of $11,058. That takes care of the shoes. When we add up the retail value of these things, we're up to $25,383. You're currently making about $3,92 a month, which works out to about $45,000 a year. To live the life that you're living right now, you'd have to have an income of $72,000. >> I used to have that. And to have the lifestyle and pay down the debt, you'd need to be making $91,000 a year. >> Paying for your excess with credit, you're going into debt to the tune of about $10,000 a year. >> I figured as much. >> Is this what you want from the rest of your life? >> No. >> If you do the challenges that I ask you to do and you have the right attitude, when we get to the end of all of this, I will give you up to $5,000 towards one of your goals. >> Okay? You're going to have to learn to live within your means. We're going to have to deal with that wonky perception that it's okay to spend this kind of money. And you're going to have to wake up to how the real world lives. And are you guys going to help? >> Not with money. >> Perfect answer. Did you bring your credit cards and your debit cards with you? >> I did. >> Okay. Before you leave here today, they're gone. This week, you will have $160 to work with. Le is a princess who thinks she's a queen. >> Well, as fails, I often think about what the queen would do, and I think her answers usually have another gin and tonic. To help her tackle her issues with spending and debt, I've cut off Lee's access to credit for 6 weeks. Now she's living on cash. If she completes my challenges, I'll give her up to $5,000 towards her debt. Lee lives in one of the most chic neighborhoods in town, but she pays a high price. The apartment she has um she can't afford. I think she's had five or six different roommates trying to keep that apartment. >> If being debtree is Lee's goal, she's going to have to consider finding a cheaper place to live. >> You are totally married to where you live, >> right? Right now, you have no freaking extra money. >> I know >> you're barely squeaking by on your budget. Your income changed, but your spending habits didn't, >> right? >> If you find your circumstances change even more, you will need a backup plan. So, this week she's house hunting. Ooh, carpet. I was having an attack when they changed part of my flooring from Brazilian rosewood to hooa. I love the area. I could still walk to work. There's more space than what I'm used to having. Cozy little living room. Definitely bigger than my bedroom. I won't be able to roll over my heels inside. This place is really scary. No amount of money in my bank would justify me moving out here. It's just awful. I just don't think she gets that she's not entitled to live the way she thinks she is. I really don't think she gets that yet. >> I definitely want to stay where I am right now. I don't see it as being that much of a savings, especially once I factor in the cost of the transit and the move itself. >> The final part of Lee's challenge is to tackle years of unpaid taxes. To do this, Lee needs her sister's help. >> It's easier for my sister to watch the hills, you know, go shopping and do her taxes. She's perfectly skilled at math. She just doesn't have the patience. June's always been Lee's biggest critic, and it's not going to be easy to change that dynamic between them. This will be a challenge, not only for Lee, but for her sister. >> Okay, so line 101. >> That's easy enough. >> Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You didn't read what that says. Do you think you're entitled to earn money as an old age person? >> Feel like it. >> Are there deductions? What? >> Maybe you should read the guide. >> Why don't you just tell me? >> I'm trying to help you. Why do you want me to read something if it's not important to what I'm doing right now? It's like treasure hunt for money that I owe. She's the right brain sister and I'm the left brain sister. This is like making me paint to 20 there. >> No. If you had property that you sold at a gain, like shares or real estate. >> Like if I sold a pair of my shoes, would that count? >> The most important thing about doing your taxes is getting them in on time. If you're expecting a refund, the sooner you get your money, the better. Even if you owe money, filing on time means you'll minimize your taxes. And so, we come to your give back challenge. I want you to have a brush with how people actually live when they make your income. >> And so, what I'm going to do is I'm going to send you to a food co-op to work >> and you're going to see what people have to eat. Princess Lee is used to the very best of everything. >> My carton, my deodorant, your face cream cost $500. And she's got the debt to prove it. Is actually 175. If she completes my challenges, she can walk away with up to $5,000 to get that debt paid off. What's your daily spending allowance, would you say, if you were to add up your cost of groceries and entertainment? >> I don't know what that actually looked like. >> So, how would you know whether you were spending too much or too little? >> This is the thing. I recognize now that I was spending too much because the debt was piling up, >> right? So, we've got just over 50 bags in here and we said they were about $35 each. So, we're well over $1,500. So, how many shoes would this be worth? Two or three pairs. >> Two or three pairs of shoes. >> Don't look at my shoes. >> No, they're great shoes. >> What we're going to do is we're actually going to take a bag. >> Okay. >> And pack one of each. >> All right. Raisin. And then we have some juice boxes. >> A pack of oatmeal. Where's the rest of the stuff? Like you can't sustain yourself on jell-o and oatmeal. >> One of the things that food banks do is provide supplementary food for people to add to the food that they're already using in their own homes. After taking care of their essential expenses, food bank users have an average of just over $6 a day for food. >> It's a little embarrassing to think about, you know, the kind of money that I spend on shoes and how much food that that could offer someone who has nothing. Lee's new budget allows $160 a week for variable expenses, including $55 for food. >> So, this was my weekly budget. That means there will be less shopping at that boutique market around the corner from her apartment and more trips to the discount groceryer. >> I was able to eat and get transportation and uh still have this money left over. So, I wrote down the dates every time I dipped into my little envelope of $160. That's usually like my whole day's budget for food right there. See the grocery store? That was really hard. Like basically everything that you know I was buying on sale was sold out. And I had a moment of weakness and I had a slice of pizza. I'm going to be eating a lot of rice and beans and hanging out by myself. Over the last few weeks, Lee has been working hard to refrain from spending frivolously on designer dresses and shoes. Now, it's time for her final challenge. So, what was the big lesson when you were working at the food bank? >> For me, I think it was really about trying to prioritize between shoes and food. Did you know that for food, some families have to live on $50 a week? >> It's a frightening situation. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. You have been using credit to supplement your shopping. If you're actually living on what you make, you might only be able to afford that. >> Yeah. Are you ready for your next challenge? This is your temptation >> Okay. Here is $1,000. This is coming off your check. At the end, you do what you want with this. >> But what am I shopping for? >> What do you need? >> Oh, you know, just a few weeks ago, I would have been so excited about this money. I would know exactly what to do with it. But like, I'm confused. I don't know what I'm supposed to do. As far as things that I want, $1,000 doesn't even begin to cover it. Oh, this is super cute. This is totally me. Oh, at 40% off. I could get a lot of those for $1,000. I could get like 10 pairs of jeans for the price of one. Size six. I'm going to need like a size 600 then. >> Hi, how are you? You have a minute to talk. >> Without a clear direction for this challenge, Lee calls her sister June for help. >> I'm calling you for advice. >> Hey, what's up? >> Basically, I'm allowed to get whatever I want, but it has to be what I really want. What should I do? >> She said you can do anything with it. That hand's dangerous. >> So, you think I should buy like a bunch of stuff? All right, I should get back to work here then. Thanks for your help. >> Okay, good luck. >> Bye. I'd rather have a few things that I can really use and benefit from than a whole bunch of stuff that I may or may not ever use. I can do some serious damage in here. I like it here. I kind of want to try on a coat cuz I think that's something that's very practical. I'm going to spend $1,000. Of course, I can never have too many little black dresses. Maybe one of these type of coats. Excellent. Warm, soft, and lightweight with durability. I really like this coat. I like the way it fits. I like the way it feels. I think it looks great. Just feels amazing. I hope this was the right decision. I really hope I understood this challenge correctly, cuz if not, I'm going to be totally bummed. So far, Lee's on track to get my $5,000. But don't think I don't know that she'll go on a mad spending spree as soon as she has my check in her hot little hands. So, I gave her a $1,000 advance to see what would happen. Lee struggled with temptation. As far as things that I want, $1,000 doesn't even begin to cover it. I really like this coat. This is something I definitely want. It's kind of hard to go through this whole shopping process, especially after the conversation I had with Gail this morning. I can't go out on thousand spending sprees anymore. I need to take responsibility and start paying back what I've already spent and start living within my new budget. There are things I want more right now and that includes like financial freedom. Bye. >> Before I reveal my final decision, I want to check in with Lee's family. So, have you seen a change in your girl? >> I think so. She talks about trying to meet her her weekly budget with the allowance she's been given. I think having done the budget that was a bit of an eye openener for her in terms of her finally coming to terms with the fact that she has a limited amount of money. Okay, let's see what Lee has to say about the whole progress. Welcome, Queen Lee. Come and join us. So, how do you think you did? >> I think I did really well. >> Okay. So, one of the steps that you took in all of this was to find a way to reduce the cost on your debt. And one of the things you did was you got a consolidation loan. A consolidation loan allows you to repay a variety of debts with one monthly payment at a lower interest rate. With this plan, Lee will have a debt paid off in under two years. Would you have cosigned for her? >> I can see her saying, "Well, you know, I can't quite make this month, but I just wanted to let you know in advance for her." >> Yes. You wish she had more faith in you right off the bat. Yeah. Well, you know what? I have faith in you. First of all, things have improved at work. Perhaps it's because of my attitude and because I'm taking charge of the situation. You know, I've come up with a whole uh goal in terms of my career. >> I'm glad things have gotten better at work cuz that was a real concern for us, right, going into this. >> Okay. What did you get from the food bank exercise? >> You know, that I've put myself into this debt to the point where if I'm to pay it back at the rate that I spend it, I'm essentially living off the same amount of money as the people are using these services. >> That is exactly the point. You also went shopping. I told you to do what you wanted to do. You didn't spend any of the money. You decided to use it all for debt repayment. >> I hope that's how the challenge works. >> Because you deferred your gratification, you get a $500 bonus. >> Get out. So, the Christmas present budget just went up, right? >> Where's that money going, Lee? >> Um, right where it belongs to my dad. >> Good girl. So, you know, not everybody gets all the money, right? >> Okay. So nervous. >> Here's your check. You know, for a girl who has such expensive stuff, you wouldn't think this would make that big a deal. Look at you. I know for me that this has been it's been a big change, but I was worried that excuse me, okay, >> that you didn't necessarily see the changes that were taking place. I saw the change >> and I was just I didn't know if I was doing it to to that level of satisfaction and it just makes me feel really good about what I've done so far. And >> congratulations. >> Thank you. >> You did a good job. You worked hard and I have all the faith in the world in you. I know you are a new queen. >> You're such a doll. There was a sense of relief when I saw that chip and then there was also this set sense of gratitude. I know that my parents and my sister work so hard to support me in this whole challenge and I don't know. I'm going to have to figure out some other way to make it up to them because this is just this is huge for me. It's so much more than $5,000 when she handed me that check. I can tell I can tell she loves to go. She's all out of control. She can't stop design. She's throwing money everywhere. My head is spinning. Oh, she's a princess. She's a princess. Modernday princess.

  Top Comments:
  1. @isabellesamantha1380 [1 likes]: she needs a rich husband to supplement her shopping 😂 wonder how she is today
  2. @Reeseecup444 [1 likes]: I hate that these people keep saying she not entitled to live this way. It's her money & her life that she works for.  how dare they. Whotf are they to tell anyone something like that
  3. @jeevitham8207 [1 likes]: I mean she'll definitely marry rich
  4. @abhipshasharma: She is sooo beautiful 😍
  5. @shiiswii: omg this is so relaxing 💆‍♀️
  6. @ariyoadam3205: Any update on her? I'm curious 😂
  7. @StephanieSteph-m1t9d: I don’t understand how someone can be in debt and still spend money. I’m in debt and I can’t use none of my cards because I owe the money so they close out my account.
  8. @Shiskwbdbxcu0: marry rich - problem solved 😂 ( i guess she met a rich husband by now .. or at least divorced a rich guy )
  9. @antoniasieben6733: I am very impressed with her, she is beautiful inside and out! She has  a real life Princess aura❤️
  10. @manfriedevacsaromero2204: I wonder how Lee doing now. If she stick on this practice. That's amazing.
  11. @julianaespinoza7899: I love her 💖
  12. @GraceWatson-o5j: This is sad! She doesn't even have a problem! I had a dear friend years ago that was $ 100,000 in dept. She and her husband bought a new house and then claimed bankruptcy. Yup! They had only the best! The best food, clothes, etc. They had a problem. Oh, and Kim had an additional few thousand dollars on credit card debt her husband knew nothing about. I also had a problem with money. I owed $1000 of credit card debt
Edit, the $100, 000 was separate from their new house.
  13. @LadyMars36: $160 is about what i spend in a week 😂
  14. @ThatDeviledAngel: OMG IS THAT KOURTNEY KARDASHIAN!?!? 😅😅😅😅😅 Seriously, the second chick shown looks so much like her I had to check the video date.
  15. @debbieelliott913: Ooh not seen this one before!
  16. @lassooftruth5964: How irresponsible and immature can one woman be?   She was a materialistic diva princess without a trust fund, and she’s in debt up to her eyeballs.  I’m glad she was smart enough to reverse course.
  17. @Irene.11: is the outro song rupaul?
  18. @fresitafawn: Shes such a queen
  19. @cuteggem: that one friend who doesn't play about living beyond her means (me)
  20. @BeachChick239: I can’t believe the comments celebrating her mindset. Sad

- What Luxury Brands Don’t Want You To Know | My Luxury Regret Purchases: Kind: captions Language: en do you ever wonder why a large part of the population will go out and spend thousands of dollars on luxury items that they cannot afford I am one of those people for a decade I spend tens literally tens of thousands of dollars on luxury items that I shouldn't have bought and I couldn't afford here's the thing there is a multitude of scams and nuances that the luxury brands do not want you to know and now once I did a deep dive into this I am repelled by wearing anything with a logo or that is clearly signifying a certain brand I honestly want to get rid of everything and I hope that if you are considering buying a handbag the price of a small car or anything that is designer logo maybe just maybe you will think twice or if you buy it at least you're aware of what's going on in the background this video came about because last week I was in a conversation with a few women and they started talking about a Schnell B and one of the women is turning 50 and she was talking about how she was planning on buying a certain Chanel bag which likely cost around $5,000 and I joined in in that conversation and because I have always lusted over the Chanel flat bags and the Chanel boy bags I love the Quilted leather I love the Gold Hardware the gold chain and so we were in this discussion for 20 minutes about the different different handbags that we would buy or that some of them might buy and the ones that we liked and the ones that we didn't like and not once in this entire conversation did we talk about it how it is so crazy that all of us at some point have or are willing to spend thousands of dollars on a handbag a handbag mind you that will likely cost a few hundred to produce and I spoke about the Chanel bags that I adored instinctively because it's like built into me at this point and something that I don't know that I've ever talked about on this channel is that about um 7 to 10 years ago I was in the resale market for luxury handbags I was buying luxury handbags and selling them I went to New York City to buy them at a discount I was obsessed I watched video after video about of halls and then the craftsmanship and how to if something is real and fake and I went down that whole rabbit hole and now looking at it I am angry at myself I am angry at the brands and how they essentially lie to us the influencers that perpetrate this lie the celebrities that also cause this lie all of it just makes me so angry I'm going to tell you why so let's talk about the reason when we buy a chenel nail bag or a Louis Vuitton bag or a Gucci bag or whatever insert brand name here we are not buying as much as we want to say that this is an investment piece or that this we're buying it for the craftsmanship that is a lie what the brands have figured out is that they are selling us a status symbol they are selling us an identity I know this to be true and I think this is true for a lot of other people if you hold up two different handbags that look Absol absolutely identical let's say a Chanel flap and then a non Chanel flap but it looks like a Chanel flap bag okay same craftsmanship same leather same Hardware only it doesn't have the Chanel logo on it nobody is spending $5,000 on the non Chanel bag everybody will spend that money though for the Chanel bag because the brands have learned that when you purchase a handbag or an accessory with that Designer logo you are essentially saying how you want to be seen as in a certain status or a certain class by wearing that logo let's say you have a Louis Vuitton neverful or a Chanel boy bag or any Chanel bag really and you walk into a store or a restaurant most people even if they are not fully aware of like the type of bag even the brand most people can look at the bag and identify that that is EXP expensive and then with that whether we want to admit it or not when somebody sees that that is expensive and that you are wearing that thing they assume they put you in a certain status or a certain class and they assume that you are successful in some way and can afford that and will therefore in many circumstances treat you differently so when we are wearing a designer bag or design a shirt or dress or shoes or belt or anything we are not wearing it because of the craftsmanship we are not wearing it because of the quality it's about what the bag represents and says to everybody else I'm going to give you an example okay I'm going to give you an example now that I've gone through this whole thing I'm I'm angry okay I would probably buy these shoes okay I would probably buy these if they did not have the fendy logo all over them CU I was actually looking for this shoe but if I'm being honest with myself okay I spent like $900 yeah $900 on these things on shoes on shoes that are scuffed and wearing and tearing because yes they're like any other shoe and they get worn and torn okay let's say this if I had these shoes if I saw these shoes in Nordstrom right if I was shopping or online I and they did not have the fendy logo I would not have purchased these for $900 but because because they had the damn logo I said oh that doesn't seem like a bad deal $900 for a pair of boots now don't get me wrong I like I love these boots I love them they bring me a lot of Joy but not for $900 and honestly now I am so mad I'm just so mad now I would like I I I don't want to get rid of them but like I wish that the fendy logo was not there same thing with these wish this wasn't here I wish this was an obscure non-n brand because I likely paid now I bought these secondhand but if I bought these in store I would have paid 10 times the price it cost to actually produce these shoes you pay a premium because it has red on the bottom and I say a premium I mean to the tune of like $1,000 more because has red on the bottom the red scratch is off so once you walk on cement for like three or four times it's gone it's gone um so before I learned about this whole luxury thing I um had them resold by a cobbler that has the specific red so that it never comes off now I want them off because I don't even want to be seen wearing them I'm just so mad same thing with this Burberry Burberry now this is actually this quality this shirt is great quality great great great great good great but I'm not buying a shirt anymore that has like the full Burberry uh plaid logo because just because it's about portraying yourself as being in a certain status in class and I don't want to do that anymore so here's the first reason why these okay things like these shoes handbags are so expensive reason number one is the scarcity effect what these brands do they understand that if there's Limited Supply and Limited stock people will want them more and will therefore pay a high premium to get the item and so instead of producing the amount that they think the public would want and pay for they produce a limited amount which means that people will get weight listed be on the VIP list and will spend that much more to secure the item and this is incredibly effective because the more you can't get something the more you want something and what's worse is that not only are these Brands producing a limited Supply so that they can increase their prices multiple times per year and get us to pay uh a whopping $5 to $10,000 on a handbag or $1,000 on a pair of shoes but they have also been caught destroying billions of items of their products in an effort to not devalue their brand Dior was caught in 2018 of burning almost $37 Million worth of goods so they wouldn't have excess circulating which means the price would go down and they would be able to they would have to charge less or they would or their products would end up in secondhand markets more freely and that would devalue the brand so instead of letting that happen they just burned $37 Million worth of items awesome cardier was caught destroying almost 4 $80 million worth of items to maintain exclusivity not only are they limiting production so that they can place a premium on all designer items but the markup on these items also is 10 to 20 times the cost to produce an item famously or infamously there was a Dior handbag I think it cost them about $57 to produce and they were charging customers 2700 to buy Armani same thing there was a bag that cost them about $99 to produce in the past and they were charging about $1,900 to the end consumer and this is actually what really gets me mad so let's say okay you have a Chanel bag that they're selling for let's say $5,000 and in the factory where it's produced it might cost them let's give them the benefit of the doubt we'll say it cost them $700 to produce they're charging us5 500 but it cost them $5 to $700 where the other costs come in is extremely expensive to set up these fashion shows in Paris in New York editing L here I failed to mention the most obvious cost which is these ginormous storefronts that are multi levels and basically like museums have you seen the one New York City Louis Vuitton store that is wrapped and a giant Louis Vuitton suitcase I mean I don't even know how much money that costs but yeah so the these expensive storefronts is also what goes into the cost that we pay at the end and not only that they are offering sometimes for free sometimes at a very high discount their products and designer pieces they are offering them to celebrities and influencers and so these celebrities and influencers are getting these bags or accessories or items showing them to us and they're also being photographed wearing them which then makes us want them even more because we want to be like them it makes me want to throw up a little bit I don't know why but I'm so angry about this let's just think about this for a minute if a bag costs like $300 to produce and they are charging thousands and thousands of dollars to buy it just so we and I'm including myself cuz we're going to going to go through the stuff that I've purchased in the past we'll get to that which is stupid just so we can wear this item with this damn logo to say to the world oh I I can afford this I have expensive taste I am in a certain status treat me differently whether we want to admit it or not that is what is happening we are allowing this to happen it will never stop it what's is that it will never stop I think the luxury Market is one of the only markets where they never go on sale they never discount their products the prices on their items go up and up and up and up every year all the time you just expect it to go up and up and up and up if you had a chenil bag or a Louis Vuitton the Dior bag or the DOL gabana or Louis Vuitton insert here doesn't matter many of them are not made mostly in France or Italy most of them are made in some parts of Asia but if we got a bag like a Chanel bag and we open it up and it said made in China that would not look good so what happens is that your bag that you are paying a crap ton of money for and I'm just going to use bag as a general statement okay insert like whatever Blazer dress shoes belts doesn't matter we see made in Italy or made in France and that denotes quality I personally think when I see made in Italy I think of a beautiful countryside and this beautiful farmhous building and these Craftsmen are like you know beautiful talian music and they're just like sewing and perfect Detail no no what's happening is that a lot of these items are being made and produced in factories alongside a items that are High Street okay alongside items that are a fraction of the price there is a very good chance that the Dior bags that we are lusting after that we want to buy for $3,000 is being made next to in the same Factory as a bag that is from I don't even know I can't even think of one right now but like a $100 bag that is happening because there are huge loopholes in the United States on how on the the rules and protocols these brands have to follow they can claim it was made in a certain country if the final assembly is done there and so what can happen I'll give you one example but there are many is that an entire bag can be produced in Asia brought over to Italy or France and then they put on the zipper or the last patch and because the final assembly took place very minimally in the that country they can say it was made in that country even though it wasn't even though wasn't it is lies it is lies and the other thing is that these luxury Brands and influencers influencers are big on this saying they tout these narratives that we can buy a a bag or a belt mostly bags because they're investment pieces and it is so rare it is so rare that you can buy a luxury handbag and sell it for more money unless it is a very limited edition in which case you are paying a very pretty penny in the very beginning or it is like inner Mees like very specific types of bags but 95% of these bags will lose their value right away and even if you got exactly what you paid back you would have to have it the the bag would have to be an absolute m condition which means it's likely sitting in your closet not being used the way it should cuz I don't know about you but I manhandle my stuff I want to use it as it's meant to be used and so if I used my handbag or shoes as I normally would with anything then I would definitely not get back anywhere close to what I paid it's a lie honestly it's a lie most of these items are not investment pieces if you want to buy an Ares bag and Bank on the fact that you're going to make back 5,000 extra in profit over the next decade or so have at it but I would rather take that 15,000 or 20,000 or 30,000 and put it in a long-term investment stock or even high yield savings anything except that I'm so I think I'm angry at myself because like I hate what this symbolizes I hate what it says and what really makes me mad is that a lot of people including myself definitely including myself is that we purchase these items to portray a certain status of wealth or income or Prosperity when in reality it's making us that much poor a lot poor what we should be doing is putting that money into something that can grow and instead all too many of us are are making these poor financial decisions by by purchasing um these items these luxury items that are so exorbitantly priced and overpriced and we are just putting more money in the pockets of these fashion houses and designers who are just basically like laughing at us because they know the general public will pay $5,000 for a bag that cost 500 and honestly these influencers are also perpetrating it and I can't even blame them I can't blame them because like I didn't even think of any of this like for a decade okay I just lusted after these things because it's the normal thing to do everybody's doing it there are so many influencers who are just making thousands of dollars making videos on uh luxury items and designer items and hauls and they're not thinking about this stuff I want to quickly go through what I actually purchase throughout the years so I can just you know yell at myself yeah so we're going to go through what I purchased in the past that I obviously regret now all right I bought a Lon most of the stuff I have since uh given away or sold secondhand so I don't have any of this stuff anymore but we're going to go through it a never a Louis Vuitton Never full bag a Chanel La Boy La boy maybe wallet on chain okay this like literally it's a wallet on a chain and it costs $22,000 a wallet on a freaking chain I think I could put like I don't even think I could put my phone in there I could probably put like gum in there stupid yep so then we have three which is three pairs of Lu Vuitton shoes that I've purchased the two I showed you and then there's another pair that is like a summer pair which I still have my fendy boots which we went through my Burberry button-down shirt a Marc Jacobs crossbody bag a fendy multicolor handbag which I'm looking at it now and it's like like I don't even remember owning this thing like I I know I did at some point but I don't really remember and it is not my style at all a Burberry gold messenger bag Dolce gabana tote bag a Dior leather crossbody bag a Lou Vuitton leather bag St laurant leather clutch bag a Gucci Soho patent leather tote bag an Alexander McQueen knuckle handbag I had a big Alexander McQueen uh face where his like knuckle bags and then his cuz his style is not really mine for some reason like I his aesthetic and his style is not my style but some of the things that he had I just lusted over and so I bought this knuckle bag and I was planning on buying a few more I don't even know why I didn't but it started because I read a book on him he has since passed he committed he's not here on Earth anymore um but anyway so that's why I bought that another Lou Vuitton crossbody bag a Laton keep all cloth travel bag a Bulgari serpentin leather crossbody bag a Valentino leather crossbody bag Gucci leather ankle boots Prada leather bag which is vintage and another thing that is not here I can't find it but I know I purchased it is like a little Dior it's like it's kind of yeah it's a clutch and it said Dior on the handle and you stuck your hand in so you hold it and the D Dior is on your hand and that was a pretty penny so I don't know I just like I am I feel repulsed by designers to this caliber now like I I kind of feel disgusted by it the amount of money spent on for Pure like status in identity and I it's not to say that I don't care what other people think because clearly my all of my bad financial decisions are based on what people thought of me in the past but like going forward I'm really I'm just going to try to keep it simple um just good quality materials like I'm not even shopping so I don't even know what I'm saying but if I do no logos no brand names um just good pure quality simple aesthetic clean lines simple colors and that's it uh I will not be Lessing after another Chanel handbag ever again again no thanks no Louis Vuitton no I saw a girl actually in the gym this morning who had a Louis Vuitton Never full tote bag and I was just like this I I was just repulsed by like all of the logos on it and I don't know I wasn't like this like a month ago but now when I just did this Research into like their practices of how these factories operate and run where they're actually creating where they actually uh building creating these Handbags and the markup on these bags and the what we're actually paying for and how we are actually paying a premium so that these uh designers can give these products to influencers and actors who will then entice us to go out and spend a lot more money on these items it's just stupid it's stupid anyway uh if you're still here I thank you for sticking around for my rant and um let me know your thoughts in the comments I would love to know and I'll see you in the next one okay thanks bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @houseb7923 [2 likes]: Having a logo splattered all over clothing just looks tacky and I'll assume the person wearing it is drowning in debt.
  2. @thub7637 [1 likes]: I bought a bag from SHEIN that literally is a dooney and Burke. It’s the exact same leather, red interior, key chain inside, even the name plate on the outside- only the name plate is blank. I paid $15 instead of $450.
  3. @jrandallgilmore8907 [1 likes]: This came up in my feed and I found it so interesting and true. What you’re saying is 100% true. All these so-called luxury labels target middle and low-income people with marketing saying they can be on the same tier as the wealthiest class. It’s all a marketing scam and in reality, whenever I see someone sporting an obvious label, I immediately think they are low-value. I’m sorry if this offends, but people with personal value and self-respect don’t need to flaunt anything. They certainly don’t need a luxury label to define their worth and class. None of the best dressed people sport designer bags, watches, shoes or the like with a prominent fancy label showing. It’s tacky. And truth be told, when I do see someone with a designer bag, I usually assume it’s fake. Sorry, this is just my opinion and not worth anything.
  4. @leanneearle3652 [1 likes]: I thankfully never bought into the whole designer/ luxury trap. My bag cost me $12 and it works the same as any $5000 bag
  5. @depiction3435: Most of those hand bags actually cost 30-120 dollars to make.
  6. @meowyimeow: Stop watching influencers
  7. @celAiCaHINCE-n2l: Seems pretty obvious they’re selling women exclusivity, which women love. Why does anyone need great craftsmanship for a purse?
  8. @jmsuther01: When I was in university studying international trade, my class had a field trip to a garment factory (outside of the US but for US companies). My eagle eye spotted that the same dude managing the Ralph Lauren shirts was making a JC Penny label on the same line! That was in the 90's. I never looked at a designer label again.      Also as Oprah once said....If it is on your A$$ it is not an asset!!
  9. @debrajarnagin7101: I think designer logos are vulgar and i wont wear anything that has a logo
  10. @2smoking.and.4stroking: I look at “that” bag in a restaurant and think - well - that settles her IQ. It’s an IQ test - just not the type you want.
  11. @FoodieFitFarmhouse: I’ve commented this on another video but from a previous worker of a moderate designer store, our bags that sold for $300-600 costed $10-20 to produce in China, but we had to call it “Italian leather” to make it sound like it was made in Italy
  12. @nimit2535: Their values are just wrong, for these reasons people should stop buying their tat. When you think there are people without food or water it puts things into perspective.
  13. @lisamiddleton2638: I assume most with designer bags are in debt to their eyeballs.
  14. @dtayism: So most of the popular ones are ugly  and unuseful no zipper so things fall out Totes have no sructure
  15. @vondalynn2906: Not anymore. Every time myself or my friends and family see someone with a" Logo" Bag, we automatically see them as a broke wannabe, desperate for attention. The truly Wealthy do not wear logos .
  16. @Morticia147: And then there is me... When I see someone with a "luxury" item, my thought: Wannabe idiot! I never got it and never cared, I don't pay to be a walking Ad.
  17. @littlemissbadass9365: I think logos are not that bad if it's done tastefully. (Think Audrey Hepburn with the Louis vuitton) practical pieces that can be used in flexible ways. You can also buy super fakes because that's more money in your pocket for clothes to go with it 😂. The chinese market can get the same goods and make the exact same thing for less. I filled this video is both good and bad.Because I kind of feel quiet luxury is kind of toxic just wear what you want.
  18. @tamarasparks8065: I met a genuine leather item maker in Florence, Italy. It was an education and if I ever carried a bag, it would be one of his.
  19. @ninacroftchannel: The same goes for buying new cars. They lose 50% of their value within the first 2 years of use. That's why it's MUCH BETTER to buy a used car, because used cars lose their resell value very, very, very slowly. And you still get the same device that will bring you to point A to point B.
  20. @SalishaSemenoff-y7m: Italy?😮😢

- The Psychology of People Who Buy Cars They Can't Afford: Kind: captions Language: en Picture this. Someone earns $3,000 a month. Their rent is $1,200. Their car payment $850. And every single morning, they wake up, look at that car in the driveway, and feel proud, not stressed, not regretful, proud. Why? That one question is going to change the way you see yourself and everyone around you by the end of this video. We've all seen it. Maybe you've done it yourself. Someone pulls up in a car that clearly costs more than their lifestyle can support. Brand new, fully loaded, rims gleaming. And somewhere in the back of your mind, you think, "How does he afford that?" But here's what nobody talks about. Buying a car you can't afford has almost nothing to do with the car. It's not about horsepower. It's not about leather seats. It's not even about the brand on the hood. It's about something much deeper, something most people never stop to examine about themselves. Today, we're going inside the mind of someone who buys a car that stretches or completely destroys their budget. And I'll be honest with you right now, some of what you're about to hear might feel uncomfortably familiar because the psychology behind this, it's more human than most of us want to admit. There are five deep psychological reasons why people do this. And by the time we reach the last one, I think you'll see yourself in a way you never expected. Let's get into it. One, status signaling. Humans are obsessed with status. Not because we're shallow or vain, but because biologically status used to mean survival. That instinct didn't disappear when we built cities and invented credit cards. It just evolved. And in the modern world, few things signal status faster than what you drive. A luxury car communicates without a single word. I've made it. You just pull up, step out, and people assume. They assume you're successful. They assume your life is working. Every time someone glances at your car with that approving nod, your brain releases a hit of dopamine. It feels good to be seen as successful, even if the bank account tells a completely different story. Now, think about this honestly. The last time you were impressed by someone's car, what did you immediately assume about them? That assumption right there is exactly what the buyer was counting on when they signed the paperwork. Two, identity and self-worth. Most people have a gap in their self story, a gap between who they are right now and who they want to become. Maybe they grew up with very little. Maybe they've been underestimated their whole life. And here's where it gets fascinating. The car doesn't just become transportation. It becomes a prop in the identity they're trying to build. Drive a BMW and suddenly you feel like a different person. You walk differently. You carry yourself differently. Psychologist Russell Bel called this the extended self. The idea that we use objects to express and complete our identity. So when someone says, "I can't afford it, but I deserve it." What they're really saying is, "This is who I'm becoming, and I need something to prove it to myself and to the world." That's not vanity. That's the ache of someone trying to become more. And that is deeply, painfully human. Three, emotional compensation. Sometimes people don't buy expensive cars because life is going well. They buy them because something is going terribly wrong. Psychologists call this compensatory consumption. When we feel pain in one area of life, we try to fill it with something that makes us feel powerful again. Think about the man who just went through a painful divorce. Within 3 months, he's leasing a sports car he has no business leasing. or the woman passed over for a promotion she deserved that same week she's at the dealership. It sounds irrational, but it's not. It's pain in disguise. The car becomes proof. Even if that part of my life is falling apart, this shows I'm still moving forward. The danger is when that monthly payment adds to the exact stress you were trying to escape. You buy the car to feel better. The payment makes you feel worse and the cycle continues, always starting with a wound that never got properly addressed. Four, social pressure and environment. You're doing fine, practical car, decent job, stable life. Then your circle starts changing. A friend buys a new car, then another. Someone shows up to dinner and something that makes your car feel embarrassing to park next to. Nobody says a word, but you feel it. That invisible comparison, that quiet voice saying, "Everyone is moving up and I'm standing still." Sociologists call this reference group influence. We don't measure ourselves against the whole world. We measure ourselves against the people closest to us. And when that group starts upgrading, staying where you are doesn't feel responsible anymore. It feels like falling behind. Research confirms this. People are more bothered by having less than their neighbor than by having less in absolute terms. The pressure is real. It's social, tribal, and ancient. And sometimes, without even realizing it, a car becomes the price of admission to the life you think you're supposed to be living. The hidden driver, fear. This is the one nobody talks about. The one living underneath all the other reasons. And it's the hardest one to admit. It's fear. Not fear of anything obvious. It's the fear of being ordinary. The fear of being overlooked. The fear that if you don't present something impressive, no one will take you seriously. And a car is immediate, visible, undeniable. You can fake confidence in conversation. But the car is either in that parking lot or it isn't. It becomes silent, powerful proof. Proof to the parent who doubted you. Proof to the ex who left. Prove to the younger version of yourself who never felt like enough. Here's the twist, though. Genuinely wealthy people, the ones who could pay cash for anything they want. Most of them drive practical, understated cars, not because they're cheap, but because they have nothing to prove. Their worth isn't parked in a driveway. They've already answered the question most people are trying to answer with a car purchase. Am I enough? And that is the deepest truth in this entire video. The louder someone signals their success, the less certain they actually are of it. So, let me ask you something. Is there a purchase you've made where the real reason had nothing to do with practicality? What were you trying to prove? And who were you proving it to? A parent, an ex, a younger version of yourself who just wanted to be seen? There's no judgment here. The psychology behind these decisions isn't weakness. It's humanity. It's the universal desire to matter, to belong, to be enough. The question was never whether you feel these things. You do. Everyone watching this does. The only real question is, are you aware of it? Because awareness is always where change begins. A car is just metal, rubber, and glass. Its only job is to move you from one place to another. But the reason you choose a specific car, that's a window into your fears, your wounds, your hunger to finally be seen. And none of that is ever solved by a monthly payment. The status fades when a newer model comes out. The validation disappears when the comments stop. But the person underneath all of it, the one quietly trying to feel like enough, that person deserves to know their value, was never in the driveway. So the next time you feel that pull towards something you can't afford, stop and ask yourself one honest question. What am I really looking for right now? Because if you can answer that honestly, you'll make better decisions. Not just about cars, about everything. Drive what makes sense. Drive what brings you joy. But know exactly why you're driving it. And if this video made you see yourself differently today, that's not an accident. That means you're someone who actually wants to understand themselves. And that is worth more than any car in any showroom in the world. I'll see you in the next

- Why Ordinary People Buy Extraordinary Cars: Kind: captions Language: en There is a man who arrives at a hotel valet in a car that announces him before he says a word. The engine is louder than it needs to be. The paint is flawless. The badge on the hood catches light like it was designed for this moment. He steps out straighter than he did at home. The same man who felt ordinary in his apartment, behind at work, forgettable in a room full of sharper people, now feels protected. The car has changed the air around him. It has built a wall between his insecurity and the public world. This is not about transportation. It is about status, and for some people, status is armor. This pattern is more common than most people admit. Some people buy a car for reliability, some for performance, some because they love machines. But there is another category of driver whose relationship with a car is more psychological than mechanical. They do not just want to enjoy the vehicle. They want to wear it. They want its shape, sound, and price to speak before they have to. In life, first impressions happen fast, and not everyone trusts their own face, voice, or personality to win that race. So, they choose an object that can speak for them. At the center of this behavior is a fear that rarely gets named directly, the fear of being underestimated. Many people move through the world with a wound they have learned to hide. Maybe they grew up feeling overlooked. Maybe they were judged for not having money. Maybe they entered and realized that confidence is often treated like a costume, and those without visible symbols of success are judged before they can explain themselves. For someone shaped by that experience, a status car becomes a shortcut to dignity. It says, "Take me seriously." It says, "I'm not small." It says, "Revise whatever you were about to assume about me." That is why these cars often function like identity correction devices. They do not simply reflect how the owner sees himself. They repair how he fears other people see him. A man who feels uncertain may choose a car that looks decisive. A person who feels fragile may choose one that appears untouchable. A driver who secretly worries that his life is average may become attached to a machine that suggests rarity, control, and power. The car becomes a polished version of the self moving through traffic like a statement. In that sense, status is not only display. It is emotional editing. The social world encourages this more than people admit. Human beings are constantly reading signals. They judge competence from clothing, authority from posture, success from accents, and class from objects. Cars are among the loudest symbols in that system because they are expensive, visible, and difficult to ignore. People know this intuitively. They feel it when a luxury sedan pulls into a parking lot and conversations shift slightly. In some workplaces, neighborhoods, and dating circles, a car is read almost like a resume with headlights. Under those conditions, using a car as status armor does not feel irrational. It feels adaptive. Imagine a man in his late 20s who grew up hearing the same message in different forms. People respect winners. He gets a decent job, but not the kind that makes him feel secure. He sees old classmates posting promotions, vacations, homes, watches, evidence that life is moving correctly. He cannot control all of that, but he can control what he drives. So, he stretches his budget for a car that makes him feel ahead, even when his bank account says otherwise. The monthly payment hurts. The relief it gives him in public feels worth it. When he parks, he feels less exposed. When people look, he feels less invisible. The car is not just a purchase. It is a defense mechanism on four wheels. But armor always has a cost. The moment self-worth attaches itself too tightly to a status object, peace becomes fragile. Now every scratch feels personal. Every cheaper replacement feels humiliating. Every room where someone else arrives in something better reopens the original wound. This is why status attachment can become addictive. The protection works, but only temporarily. It does not remove insecurity. It manages it. Because it only manages it, the owner may need stronger symbols over time. A newer model, a louder presence, a more expensive signal. What looks like confidence from the outside may actually be dependence. There is also a deeper sadness inside this pattern. People who rely heavily on status armor are often trying to solve an emotional problem with a visual solution. They want to feel unjudgeable. They want to silence comparison. They want a machine to create the safety that self-acceptance never built. But objects cannot permanently settle questions of worth. They can only distract from them. The person still has to go home and face the same private voice that existed before the leather seats, before the badge, before the admiring glance from strangers. Armor protects, but it also reveals that the wearer expects attack. And that is the most important thing to understand. These people are not simply shallow or obsessed with appearances, though sometimes they may look that way. They are responding to a world that taught them appearances matter. They learned that status opens doors, softens judgment, and buys social mercy. So they adapted. They built protection out of metal, design, and brand value. The car became the part of them that looked invulnerable. In the end, almost everyone wears some form of armor. For some, it is money. For others, humor, beauty, intelligence, or detachment. And for some people, it is the car waiting outside, shining like proof that they cannot be ignored. That is why they cling to it so tightly. It is not just transportation. It is protection, identity, and a carefully built shield against a world they do not fully trust to see them kindly without it.

- Here’s Why Broke People Drive Luxury Cars: Kind: captions Language: en rub up your engines Mau no hey why do people have brand new cars in their broke every third car on the road is brand new luxury car it's the American way you know you're supposed to keep buying things and you're never happy for long so then you buy another car keep up with the Joneses you know it's the capitalist materialistic Society we live in my grandfather used to say that years ago he said look at those people they're driving a brand new Cadillac and when I went to our house one time to get their car going from them they're sitting on orange crates in their kitchen so some people are like that they weren impressed with what they're driving hey I'm not one of them look at me I'm driving a 94 Toyota Celica I don't care you know long as it runs I'm happy but a lot of people get suckered into that stuff just like these people get suckered into their phones what can you do just don't fall into that trap yourself and spend all your money on crap that's going to break in a few years and then buy more of it Rick Davidson said how come all vehicles are engineered to run Max 65 but everybody's driving 70 plus well people will do whatever they want unless they can be stopped by some type of computer that won't let them go faster most cars get the best gas miles they can possibly get at 50 to 55 miles an hour what you want to do is it would want to be the lowest RPM in the highest gear so say you had a six-speed transmission it would be right when it shifts in the six gear at the lowest RPM that would be the highest gas mod you're going to get you know people are in a hurry and and they're zooming around and they're not thinking about stuff like that they could make cars get really insanely high gas mileage if people would accept different things like a lighter car that doesn't weigh as much but of course it would have to be smaller and regardless of what anybody says the bigger cars are always going to be safer than the smaller cars if there's an accident because the accident all that kinetic energy of a vehicle is dissipated into Collision Force when it hits something if you're in a bigger vehicle hit a small smaller vehicle what's going to happen the bigger vehicle is going to push the smaller vehicle all over the place and if you're in a smaller one you're not going to be a safe regardless of any kind of design they put into them Jacob ruckson says how common is sludge in German 1.8 engines is it caused by too long service intervals or poor design a lot of is too long service people just are told oh you know you only need to change your oil every 10,000 miles it's a bunch of nonsense change your oil every 5,000 miles you're not going to have sludge problems and stuff like that carbon build up inside the engine that's a design flaw carbon getting inside from the GDI system that's not sludge sludge is just the oils breaking down when I was a young kid sludge was a big problem because some of the cars didn't even have oil filters and sludge just build up inside them sludges because you don't change the oil enough Tander fer says I have a question which can I use mobile one oil or Amazon basic for F-150 King Ranch you can use either if you watch that video that I have about the Amazon one oil it explains it all all you care about is the rating That's rated by the American petroleum in insute and as long as it's the highest rating they're all good oils you can just go and find one that's the best price if you want to go buy money or if you're a person who has Brand loyalty you could use either of them they're both excellent oils but my advice is generally if you buy an oil and you like it just stick with it keep using the same oil because all the manufacturers have slightly different additives they put in and if you're happy with one and an engine can get used to certain additives you best to just stick with it not switch all over the place Joseph Micha and he says Scotty I bought an 03 Avalon the parking PRL slips is it able to improve or fix that is a royal pain in the butt and you put your car in park kind of like a gear on an oldfashioned clock inside click clock click clock put it in park that locks the output shaft going to the wheels so that it won't move unfortunately to replace or repair those things you got to take the transmission off the vehicle you got to take it all apart it generally costs you well over a th000 bucks to fix that stupid thing so what you can do now and if you want to not have that happen in future cars here's a simple thing come to a stop leave the car in Drive put your emergency brake on nice and tight then put it in park because the emergency brake will hold it but if you live in a hilly area if you do that stop it and drive pull the brake on then put it in park that takes a lot of strain off I do that and I've never had one breaking any of my cars so that's what you can do useless paperclip crazy Outlaw ASA there's a a great name I got a 79 Buck Regal it won't start the lights work I found a broken fuse and the interior lights work now I got it running a couple times I pushing in and out on the headlights realize on some of those 79s I've seen it in the past some of them had the stupid anti theft system that in order to start the car they had to turn the key and push on the high beams that's just how they were designed if that works every time just go ahead and do it if it does then you got a problem in that antib system and you're going to have to fix it but at least the 7 on it's pretty simple you could just cut the wire from the ignition switch when you turn the starter on that has power just cut that and then splice it directly into the starter under the hood and bypass all that nonsense I've done that on tons of those cars in the past so if you never want to miss another one of my new car repair videos remember to ring that Bell [Music] n

  Top Comments:
  1. @scottykilmer [85 likes]: ⬇️Scotty’s Top DIY Tools:
1. Bluetooth Scan Tool: http://amzn.to/2nfvmaD
2. Cheap Scan Tool: https://amzn.to/2D8Tvae
3. Basic Mechanic Tool Set: https://amzn.to/2tEr6Ce
4. Professional Socket Set: http://amzn.to/2Bzmccg 
5. Ratcheting Wrench Set: https://amzn.to/2BQjj8A
6. No Charging Required Car Jump Starter: https://amzn.to/2CthnUU
7. Battery Pack Car Jump Starter: http://amzn.to/2nrc6qR

⬇️ Things used in this video:
1. Common Sense
2. 4k Camera: https://amzn.to/2HkjavH
3. Camera Microphone: https://amzn.to/2Evn167
4. Camera Tripod: https://amzn.to/2Jwog8S
5. My computer for editing / uploading: https://amzn.to/2uUZ3lo

🛠Check out the tools I use and highly recommend ► https://goo.gl/rwYt2y

🔥Scotty Shirts and Merch ► https://goo.gl/pTAeca

Subscribe and hit the notification bell! ► https://goo.gl/CFismN

Scotty on Social:
Facebook ► https://www.facebook.com/scottymechanic/
Instagram ► https://www.instagram.com/scotty_the_mechanic/
Twitter ► https://twitter.com/Scottymechanic?lang=en
  2. @Frontend969 [1 likes]: My honda at 200k miles rn and have 20k in my savings
  3. @bonzaibrownie2853 [1 likes]: That's because people these days have this mentality to keep up with the Kardashians. The look at me generation. What a legacy to leave behind.
  4. @1ofLanasBishes1204: Some people just want to enjoy the things in life while they can. I’m a teacher and I drive an 2022 Audi s5 in turbo red. I LOVE my life. Not broke but not rich. I won’t ever regret it 😊
  5. @jle92708: if you can’t own 3 of it… you can’t afford it
  6. @Tubbahgrease234: I’m broke tryna afford a used car
  7. @lumberjackdreamer6267: Bigger vehicles are less safe because they rollover more.
  8. @wolfyklip: who are the jones?? never heard of those kind of people.
  9. @WoahHoldUp: The other morning on my way to work i stopped at the corner store for some energy. I watched a couple (white folks) pull up in a brand new Mercedes, standing behind them at the counter the employee working the register and myself looked on in absolutely shock and disgust as the couple paid for their stuff with an EBT card.....thats really all i have to say about that.
  10. @RevHerUpToTheMax: Here’s why broke people by Luxury cars and rich people be cheap cars!
  11. @MinkieWinkle: people going broke while trying to look rich. 

I am happy with  banger i own, than having a new car that i don't, shackled to a monthly payment
  12. @minhkha3382: Either they went broke to buy the car, or are leasing them. If it’s leasing, then that just tells you they don’t actually own the vehicle and would rather find a more cost effective way than to finance it.
  13. @CristinaMoya-yt4tb: Unfortunately i had to buy a new car due to an accident and used cars with 140 000 miles is expensive i just went with new
  14. @hesavedawretchlikeme6902: People drive these luxury cars (Mercedes, BMW, etc.) because they are a status symbol. I'd never buy one because they aren't worth the expense at thE beginning aND service. Scotty is absolutely correct. 
Buy a Toyota, a Mazda, or a Honda.
  15. @gosonegr: It’s not the American way, I’m Spanish and I’ve lived in 5 different countries and it’s the same all around, broke people buy screamy luxury cars, wealthy people drive regular well equipped cars, rich people drive super expensive cars that they don’t care about
  16. @jeffalan6339: Want interesting...
Bought 74 nova 2 door custom.
The car would not start unless the seat belt was fastened.

Since I was fixing it up bought after market wiring kit.

Like some people defeat the pro on switch using paper clip or reverse pto engaged on their mower won't say what to use.
I
  17. @tomwaller3063: 86% of the people who buy Luxury vehicles are not millionaires

Source Financial tortoise
  18. @MatthewSmith-cp3hu: just realized scotty is
Kamaji the boilerman
  19. @FusionPatriot: reminds me of how poor people buy designer clothes and rich people just dress normally
  20. @keyannasworld5002: It’s crazy how people assume about people that drive luxury cars🙄🤣 I bought a 2012 Lincoln mkz 3 years ago with 50k miles for $4000 no mechanical issues. I still have it now and it runs great! I’m glad I made this decision, one of the best cars I’ve had

- The Psychology Behind Choosing an Old Mercedes: Kind: captions Language: en You pull up to a valet in a spotless 1995 Mercedes. The attendant hesitates. Is this guy lost? Then you step out, calm, unhurried, completely unbothered. That moment, that's the whole psychology in one scene. Most people assume old car owners can't afford new ones, but the ones driving vintage Mercedes, they've already done the math and the new car lost. Here's what's actually happening in their brain. Every time you buy something new, your brain releases dopamine. It feels incredible for about 2 weeks, then it flatlines. You're already eyeing the next thing. It's a loop. Buy, feel good, crash, repeat. Psychologists call it the consumer treadmill. Most of us are sprinting on it without realizing. Old Mercedes drivers stepped off. Instead of chasing the next dopamine spike, they get satisfaction from maintaining something excellent. From keeping a 35-year-old machine running perfectly. That's a completely different neurological reward system, and research shows it produces lower anxiety, better sleep, and a stronger sense of control over life. There's also something called reverse status signaling. New luxury cars scream, "Look at me." A perfectly kept vintage Mercedes whispers something far more unsettling to the people around it. "I don't need your approval." And that kind of psychological security is genuinely rare. Studies on personality traits show these individuals consistently score high on conscientiousness and openness and low on neuroticism. They're not anxious about perception. They have what psychologists call a strong internal locus of control. Their confidence comes from within, not from a lease agreement. Remember the marshmallow experiment? Kids who waited 15 minutes for a second marshmallow went on to have better financial outcomes, stronger relationships, more stable lives. Old Mercedes owners are those kids grown up. They'll wait 3 weeks for a part to arrive rather than sign a 5-year loan for instant gratification. And here's the part that really flips things. These cars were overbuilt. Mercedes in the '80s and '90s engineered components to last decades. Modern vehicles are designed with planned obsolescence baked in. So, who's actually making the smarter financial move? While everyone else is hemorrhaging money on depreciation, the vintage Mercedes owner is driving something that's appreciating both financially and personally. This isn't nostalgia. It's not budget constraints. It's a completely different operating system for how you value things. They've traded image for identity, novelty for mastery, approval for authenticity. And next time you see one at a stoplight, don't feel sorry for them. Feel curious.

- Why People Buy Cars They Can’t Afford | The Shocking Truth About Status and Debt: Kind: captions Language: en You ever notice how someone can be dead silent when they step out of an expensive car, yet somehow the world still hears them? That quiet confidence. That moment when the engine cuts off and every head turns. Hey, this is Mark and you're welcome to Auto Says. It airs strange how a machine on wheels can whisper so much about who we are or who we want to be. We don't always admit it, but we care about how people see us. A car is never just a car. It's a mirror, a statement, a symbol. And the funny part, sometimes we chase that feeling even when it costs us our peace of mind. Before we go deeper, hit that like button and subscribe because what you're about to hear might make you look at your driveway a little differently. There's something thrilling about sliding behind the wheel of a car that feels just out of reach. The smell of new leather, the glow of the dashboard, the way strangers glance over, it's intoxicating. But here's the catch. The moment the adrenaline fades, reality starts whispering. Monthly payments, interest rates, late fees, they creep in slowly, like background noise you can't turn off. Why do we do this to ourselves? Why spend money we don't have just to impress people we barely know? The answer lies deep in the psychology of status and identity. For decades, cars have been tied to power. A Mustang says freedom. A BMW says success. A Tesla says innovation. These aren't just vehicles. They're social statements on wheels. And the auto industry knows this game too well. They don't just sell cars. They sell emotions. The commercials are never about talk or safety. They're about belonging, respect, desire. Somewhere along the way, buying a car stopped being a practical decision. It became a performance, a declaration of self-worth. Look at me. I've made it. Even if in reality, the bank owns half your success. It's called social comparison theory. We measure ourselves not by what we have, but by how we stack up against others. That's why seeing your neighbor roll up in a new ride hits differently. We don't want to fall behind. We want to feel equal or better. And when that emotion takes over, logic goes out the window. The irony, that same rush we feel when buying something expensive is chemically similar to gambling. Dopamine spikes, judgment blurs, and suddenly a luxury car feels like a need, not a want. But what happens after the dopamine fades? The payments remain. The stress builds. The thrill turns into quiet regret. Modern debt has become the illusion of freedom. Car companies make it easy to fall in love. Zero down, low monthly plans, flexible credit. But behind that kindness hides a trap. Every shiny commercial you see sells comfort, not cost. Drive now, worry later. That's not just marketing. It's manipulation wrapped in chrome. We tell ourselves stories to justify it. It's for work. I deserve it. It's an investment in my image. But deep down, we know it's an emotional purchase disguised as logic. And here's the dark truth. Many people buy cars not to move forward, but to escape. To escape insecurity, judgment, or the quiet fear of being less than. A car becomes armor, a shiny shield against shame. You pull up to a reunion or a date, and suddenly you feel worthy again. It's not the speed we crave. It's validation. Its the silent applause when people look at our car and think we feared life out. But the cruel twist. Every mile driven on borrowed money adds a quiet weight. A pressure that doesn't fade with time. We end up trapped in a cycle. Status leads to spending. Spending leads to debt. And debt leads to more need for status to hide the shame. Social media only makes it worse. Every scroll is a comparison trap. Someone's new car, new lifestyle, new flex. We chase an image that keeps moving faster than we can catch it. And when we finally get what we wanted, someone else gets something newer. The finish line keeps shifting and our satisfaction evaporates. We start mistaking possession for purpose. The machine becomes a mirror reflecting our need for approval. The world claps for the driver, not the debt. But when the applause fades, we're left alone with the bills. So, who's really in control? The person behind the wheel or the emotion steering them? It's a strange paradox. We buy cars to feel powerful, but end up powerless against the system that feeds on our insecurities. Car loans stretch over 7 years now. 7 years of chasing an image that probably stopped feeling exciting after the first 6 months. The truth is, the car never made you more successful. It just made you look like it for a while. The real power lies in not needing to prove anything at all. Imagine driving something simple, paid in full, no strings attached. That's real freedom. No sleepless nights, no fake smiles, just you and the road. It's not about rejecting nice things. It's about owning them for the right reasons. The car should move you, not define you. But that's hard to admit when society rewards appearances more than authenticity. People will judge your car before they know your story. And yet, when you stop caring about the noise, something shifts. You begin to see that peace is louder than validation. The next time you feel that pull toward a car you can't afford, pause for a second. Ask yourself, who am I buying this for? If the answer isn't myself, then maybe it's not worth the chase. Because the truth is, cars lose value fast, but the habit of overspending lasts much longer. We often think debt is financial, but it's emotional, too. Every payment is a reminder of a choice driven by fear, not freedom. Breaking the cycle starts with awareness. The more we understand our triggers, the harder it becomes for marketing to control us. And once you stop buying for others, you start driving for yourself. That's the real luxury. It's easy to envy the guy in the shiny car, but you'll rarely envy the pressure sitting on his shoulders. You might think success is about owning more, but real success is owning yourself. The quiet confidence of being debtree doesn't make noise, but it lasts far longer than the roar of any engine. Maybe that's the shift we need. Not from one brand to another, but from insecurity to independence. Because every car fades, but peace of mind never goes out of style. So next time you see a luxury car pass by, don't just see the chrome, see the story behind it. Sometimes what shines the brightest hides the deepest cracks. And maybe that realization will save you from the same trap that millions fall into every day. The status trap isn't te about cars. It is about the stories we tell ourselves to feel enough. You don't need a new car to be admired. You need selfrespect to stop caring who's watching. The world doesn't need more people chasing validation. It needs more people who drive with purpose, not pressure. And maybe that's the revolution. Choosing calm over comparison, control over chaos. Because at the end of the road, it's not the car that defines the driver, it's the direction they choose. Thanks for watching till the end. If this video made you pause and rethink your own choices, hit like, share, and subscribe. There's a lot more coming. Stories that reveal what drives us, what traps us, and how to take the wheel back.

- 10 Signs Someone Is Fake Rich (Are You One of Them?): Kind: captions Language: en What you do with your money when nobody's watching, that's the real wealth test. Not the car in your driveway, not the bag on your arm, not the portfolio screenshots you're posting online. The actual decisions you make quietly, privately, when there's zero audience. Because here's what most people never figure out. The gap between looking wealthy and being wealthy is one of the most dangerous financial traps ever designed. And today we're going to walk through every single sign, every subtle pattern, every psychological trap [music] that keeps people performing prosperity while building absolutely nothing underneath. This is a video that could genuinely change how you see money forever. So, before we dive in, if you're new here, welcome [music] to Trip to Wealth. We talk about real financial intelligence, not highlights, not flexes, not shortcuts. If that's what you've been looking for, hit subscribe right now and join a community that's actually building something. Let's go. We are living in a time when the performance of wealth has never been easier to pull off and never been more expensive to maintain. Social media [music] platforms reward display over discipline. Entire industries have been built around making ordinary [music] people look extraordinary for a few hundred dollars a month. The Mercedes C-Class [music] with nothing in the bank, the Gucci belt on a maxed out credit card, the Instagram grid that looks like a travel magazine, but is funded by three different payment plans. None of this is accidental. It is a carefully engineered ecosystem [music] that profits from your desire to appear successful. Americans now carry over a trillion dollars in credit card [music] debt collectively. Yet luxury car sales keep climbing. Designer goods keep selling. The math should not work, but it does, because we have [music] confused the image of wealth with wealth itself. Understanding this distinction is not about judging other people. It is about protecting yourself from the same trap because these patterns are seductive, normalized, and financially devastating. The first sign is subtle but everywhere once you spot it. Someone buys the cheapest version of the most prestigious brand, the base model luxury sedan, the starter handbag from a fashion house, the entry-level Swiss watch. The badge is the entire point. They want what the logo communicates, not what the product actually delivers. Here is the financial reality hiding underneath. A fully equipped mainstream vehicle often costs the same as a stripped-down luxury alternative but comes with better reliability, lower insurance premiums, cheaper maintenance, and no premium fuel requirement. The person chasing the emblem on the hood is paying more every single month for less actual car, and it compounds. Base model luxury vehicles carry luxury repair costs regardless of their trim level. The perception game is expensive to maintain. Genuine wealth does not work this way. Truly wealthy people often purchase status items after building substantial financial foundations, not before. The fake rich reverse the order, buying the symbol first and hoping the substance follows. It almost never does. The order of operations matters more than most people realize. Sign two. Pay attention to people who cannot stop steering conversations back to money, specifically [music] their money. Their deals, their income, their investments, [music] their upcoming opportunities. Every topic somehow becomes a launchpad for demonstrating financial significance. Here is what this behavior actually reveals. People who are genuinely secure in their financial lives do not require constant external confirmation. The compulsive need to remind others of your financial status is the need talking, not [music] the status. There is also a very specific tell within this pattern. The consistent [music] use of future tense. The deal closing next month. The investment that is about to pay off. The opportunity that is going to change [music] everything. Always projected, always upcoming, never quite here yet. That distance between the claim and the reality is [music] where the truth lives. Real money hits your account. It does not live [music] in next month's projections. Additionally, watch for the confusion of revenue and profit. Someone describing a half million-dollar business when their actual take-home is a fraction of that figure. The exaggeration is [music] the insecurity speaking. Genuinely wealthy people tend to be remarkably [music] private about finances because they have nothing left to prove. If you're enjoying the video so far and want more like this, comment the word wealth so I know. Sign three. This is one of the most quietly alarming patterns in personal finance. Someone carrying a bag, wearing a watch, or sporting an accessory that represents more than their entire emergency fund. The purchase is not a celebration [music] of success. It is a costume worn in advance of success that has not arrived. There is a principle worth keeping in your mental toolkit. If you cannot comfortably afford to buy something twice without financial strain, you cannot genuinely afford it once. When a single purchase represents multiple months of income for someone, >> [music] >> that is not wealth. That is financial vulnerability dressed in luxury branding. What makes this particularly damaging is the interest layer. Some people are literally financing designer handbags, making monthly payments on a depreciating accessory. >> By the time the item is paid off, they have spent significantly more than the original price tag on something now worth considerably less. The item impresses strangers for seconds. The financial damage lasts for years. People with actual wealth purchase luxury items that represent a tiny percentage of their net worth, not a substantial portion of their monthly budget. Sign four. This is the person who cannot let a single moment of someone else's success exist [music] without immediately redirecting the spotlight. You share good news. Before anyone can respond, they have already topped it. You mention a vacation. They explain their more exotic destination. You land a new client. They pivot immediately to their bigger win from last quarter. This pattern masquerades as confidence, [music] but is actually its opposite. Someone genuinely comfortable with their own achievements has no psychological need to diminish [music] yours. Your success simply does not threaten them. The one-upper is threatened by every win that is not their own because their self-worth is built on relative comparison rather than internal foundation. Picture a dinner party. Someone announces they just bought [music] their first home. Before the congratulations even land, the one-upper is already explaining why they should have waited for a bigger property using their own first purchase as [music] the benchmark. The joy evaporates from the room. That deflation is a symptom of someone whose identity requires being superior in every exchange. Real confidence is generous. It can celebrate other people wholeheartedly. Fake wealth is competitive and threatened, requiring conquest in every single [music] conversation. Sign five. The social media wealth performance. Here is an uncomfortable truth about social media and money. A video of someone spending a thousand dollars at a luxury mall generates more engagement than a video of someone investing that same thousand dollars into an index fund. The platform rewards display. Discipline is invisible. This dynamic creates a powerful and dangerous incentive. People learn that projecting wealth generates attention regardless of whether the wealth behind the projection is real. So, they perform prosperity. They document every purchase, every experience, every meal at an expensive restaurant, not because the moment was meaningful, >> but because the post requires content. The purchase only feels complete once it has been validated by strangers online. Nobody posts their Saturday night doing budgets. >> Nobody films themselves quietly moving money into investment accounts. The boring architecture of actual wealth building gets zero views. >> What gets views is the performance. Watch for another layer within this pattern, purchased engagement. Accounts with enormous follower counts, but comment sections filled with generic phrases from bots. Fake influence layered on top of fake wealth. Meanwhile, many genuinely wealthy individuals maintain minimal social media presence precisely because they do not need external validation from people they have never met. Now, I want to share a story that ties everything we have covered together. A man we will call Marcus grew up watching his father [music] work two jobs. Nothing glamorous, nothing visible. Just steady, [music] quiet effort. Marcus swore his life would look different. By his early 30s, he had landed a solid corporate salary, [music] and the first thing he did was upgrade everything visible. New lease on a luxury sedan. Designer wardrobe. dinners at expensive restaurants [music] that he documented religiously. His social media became a highlight reel that drew genuine admiration from people who had known him for years. But behind the feed, Marcus had virtually nothing [music] saved. His lease payments consumed a significant chunk of his income. His credit card balance grew every month. The gap between what his life looked [music] like and what his life actually was became a source of private crushing anxiety. [music] The performance got more expensive each year to maintain, and the foundation underneath it remained hollow. It was not until a sudden medical expense nearly destroyed him financially that Marcus [music] stopped. He sold the lease, cut the wardrobe budget, and redirected every free dollar toward an emergency fund, then toward investments. Within 4 years of making that pivot quietly and without announcement, Marcus had built more genuine financial security than the entire previous decade of performing prosperity had produced. Real wealth came the moment he stopped trying to look wealthy. >> Sign six. Leasing a luxury vehicle has become so normalized that most people no longer recognize it for what it is financially. Here is the honest breakdown. [music] When you lease, you are financing the most expensive depreciation period of a vehicle's life, and then returning it with zero equity. The dealership estimates the car's residual value at lease end, and you pay the gap between purchase price and that residual, plus interest, fees, and taxes. When the lease ends, you hand the car back and begin the entire cycle again with a fresh vehicle. Someone who leases continuously for two decades makes potentially hundreds of thousands of dollars in total payments, and owns absolutely nothing at the end. Not $1 of equity. The appeal is purely optical. The monthly payment makes an unaffordable vehicle feel affordable while delivering the badge, the new car smell, and [music] the social signal. What it does not deliver is financial progress. >> For someone who genuinely values a luxury driving experience for reasons beyond status, >> purchasing a quality used vehicle represents dramatically better financial math. But purchasing used does not provide the brand new emblem that fake rich requires. The perpetual lease cycle is one of the most expensive ways to travel through life financially. And it is engineered to look completely reasonable on a monthly basis. [music] And to take full control of your finances, we're building the trip to wealth command center, a Google Sheets system that brings your income, spending, [music] investing, and net worth together in one place. It's your personal strategy [music] hub, designed to expose money leaks, highlight growth opportunities, and show how small decisions compound into real wealth. [music] Join the early access list below and secure a discount as an early supporter. Every wealth system [music] needs a strategy. This is where yours begins. Let's move into sign number seven. Counterfeit goods and logo hunger. If someone is carrying a deliberately counterfeit [music] designer item, they are not just carrying a fake bag. They are carrying a physical declaration of the gap between their desired identity and their financial reality. People who genuinely understand quality goods can identify a counterfeit from across a room. The stitching is inconsistent. The hardware lacks weight. The leather does not have the right texture. The logo proportions are slightly wrong. The people you are hoping to impress with a fake are often the most capable of spotting it. Here is what makes this particularly revealing. A reasonable quality counterfeit can cost several hundred dollars. For that same money, a genuinely well-crafted product from an independent brand, real leather, solid construction, original design, is absolutely within reach. But the person choosing the counterfeit does not want quality. They want a specific name that other people will recognize. The logo is the entire point, not the craftsmanship. This reveals the underlying motivation with unusual clarity. It is purely about external perception. Counterfeits deliver neither the status they are attempting to project, nor the quality that would actually justify the purchase. You pay money to carry evidence of the pretense itself. Sign eight, the get-rich-quick rotation. This is not about obvious scams. Those are easy to dismiss. This is about something more subtle. The person who cycles endlessly through slightly plausible opportunities, always projecting confidence, always recruiting others, always describing the massive upside, and then quietly moving on when the results do not materialize. Forex trading, [music] drop shipping, day trading options, multi-level marketing structures, [music] various crypto strategies, mysterious systems with proprietary methodology. The specific vehicle changes constantly. The pattern never does. What makes [music] this recognizable is the timeline. There is always massive enthusiasm at the beginning, public proclamations about the opportunity, attempts to bring [music] friends and family into the system. Six months later, the topic has disappeared entirely. No postmortem, no honest accounting, just seamless migration to the next thing with equivalent confidence. Acknowledging failure would fracture the [music] identity they have constructed around being financially sophisticated and ahead of the curve. So, the failure simply gets quietly [music] buried. Real wealth is built through consistent, boring, long-horizon behavior. Compound growth, diversified investment, increasing income over time. None of it is dramatic enough to fit the fake rich narrative. When someone cannot stop talking about the next big opportunity, [music] their current financial reality is almost certainly not matching the story they are telling. Sign nine, unsolicited condescending money advice. This is distinct from one-upping, though they share a root. The condescending advisor does not just want to top your achievements, >> they want to redirect your financial decisions toward whatever they have chosen. You mention you are happy renting. They explain why you should be buying. You describe your reliable used car. They question your reluctance to finance something newer. You share that you are aggressively building savings. They suggest that money should be working harder, usually in whatever vehicle they are currently invested in. The advice arrives without invitation and always points toward their own choices as the implicit [music] gold standard. What is driving this behavior is the need for external validation of their own decisions. >> If your different approach is working, it threatens their narrative. So, they undermine your path to reinforce their own confidence. Someone who genuinely understands personal finance recognizes that financial situations are deeply individual. Risk tolerance, timeline, income, obligations, values, all of it varies enormously from person [music] to person. There is no no correct answer. The person dispensing unsolicited judgment from a position [music] of assumed superiority is not demonstrating financial mastery. They are demonstrating insecurity about whether their own choices were actually correct. Sign 10. The final sign is the loudest, most visible one. When everything someone wears, drives, carries, and displays is engineered to scream money, the effect paradoxically does the opposite of impressing. It reads as desperate. Look at photographs of genuinely ultra-wealthy individuals in ordinary settings, not at formal events or press appearances, but [music] just navigating daily life. Many of the world's wealthiest people are completely unremarkable in appearance. A plain shirt, a modest vehicle, no logos visible from 20 ft. They have nothing to prove to passing strangers, so they prove nothing. >> Their security does not require your recognition. The fake rich operate from the opposite psychological position. They feel they have everything to prove. So, every item becomes a statement. Every visible surface becomes a billboard for projected status. The louder the display, the more effort it reveals. And effort reveals need. Actual wealth tends toward understatement [music] precisely because it does not require validation. When every single element of someone's visible presentation is curated to broadcast financial status, the broadcast itself becomes the evidence that the substance may be missing. Real confidence is quiet. Real wealth whispers. At the deepest level, the difference between real and fake wealth comes down to a single question: Who are you optimizing for? The fake rich run every financial decision through an external filter. Will this impress people? Will this signal success? Will this make me look like someone who has figured it out? The genuinely wealthy optimize internally. Does this decision serve my actual goals? Does this move me toward financial freedom? Does this align with what I genuinely value separate from any audience? One orientation builds compounding wealth over time. The other bleeds it month after month in the service of a performance that delivers no return. The truly dangerous part is how invisible this trap [music] is from the inside. The performance feels good. The validation feels real. The status signals seem to be working. But underneath, the financial foundation is deteriorating. [music] The maintenance costs of appearing wealthy are rising every year. The gap between [music] the image and the reality grows harder to manage. And real wealth, the kind that creates [music] genuine options and genuine freedom, remains permanently out of reach as long as every available dollar is allocated to the performance instead of the foundation. Before we close, let's bring this full circle because understanding these signs is only the beginning. The entry-level luxury trap, the constant money talk, >> the designer item bleeding your savings, the one-upping, the social media performance, the [music] perpetual lease cycle, the counterfeit logo hunger, the endless get-rich-quick [music] rotation, the condescending unsolicited advice, the deafening display of everything. Each of these patterns has the same underlying architecture, [music] external validation taking priority over internal financial health. And here is how you begin moving in the opposite direction starting today. Audit one financial decision you made in the last 90 days [music] and ask honestly, "Did I make this choice for myself or for an audience?" One honest audit. Then redirect even a small amount, any amount, towards something that builds rather than displays. Emergency fund, investment account, debt reduction. It does not need to be dramatic. It needs to be consistent. Small, repeated, invisible decisions compound into real financial freedom. That is not a motivational phrase. >> It is mathematics. The goal has never been to look wealthy. The goal is to quietly, patiently become wealthy. And then realize you never needed anyone to notice. And that's all for today's video on 10 signs someone is fake rich. If you found value today, >> I highly recommend watching my next video. Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe to our channel. Also, feel free to leave your comment below, especially if this video made you think differently. I appreciate your support more than you know. Until next time, stay consistent, stay patient, and stay winning. See you in the next one, money magician.

  Top Comments:
  1. @williedickerson2832 [3 likes]: I Want More.🧊💰🔒🙏🏽📚💡💵☕️
  2. @arandomyoutubechannel2940 [1 likes]: Wealth
  3. @oscartaybooscar7564 [1 likes]: Wealth
  4. @Darius-s9s: Wealth!!
  5. @aliceaboli1101: Thank you🙏
  6. @pazm.klausen8484: This content is 🔥 Thank you. More

- Psychology of Fake Rich: Kind: captions Language: en He made $90,000 last year. He has $200 in his account right now. Tomorrow morning, he's going to pull into the office parking lot in a leased BMW, and everyone around him is going to assume he's exactly where he wants to be. That's not a character in a movie. That's a pattern running through millions of American households right now. In 2025, the Federal Reserve found that nearly 40% of Americans couldn't cover a $400 emergency. That same year, luxury spending hit an all-time high. Those two things happening at the same time, that's not irony, that's psychology. These aren't reckless people. They're employed. Some are educated. Many earn decent money. They can feel it disappearing, and they still can't stop. Something is running underneath all of this that has nothing to do with intelligence. That's what this video is about. America has been running one message through advertising, social media, and culture for decades. What you own tells people who you are. The car, the neighborhood, the watch. You didn't come up with that equation. It was handed to you before you were old enough to question it. There's a pull behind it that psychologists call relative deprivation. The urge to have something not because you need it, but because someone near you has it. Your coworker remodels their kitchen. Your cousin posts a Cancun trip. Something shifts inside you. Quiet, automatic, completely bypassing logic. You didn't choose that feeling, but it's about to cost you. Average American household credit card debt is $6,270. Average car payment in 2024 is $735 a month. Buy now, pay later usage among Americans under 40 jumped 300% in 4 years. All of it hidden behind completely normal-looking lives. Because once someone is deep enough in, deep enough that it's genuinely scary, they can't say it out loud. Saying it makes it real. And if the image cracks, what's left? For a lot of people, that image isn't a lifestyle, it's the whole identity. The brain will protect that identity against any information that threatens it, the same way your body fights an infection. Just the nervous system doing what it was built to do in completely the wrong situation. Robert Sapolsky spent 30 years at Stanford studying stress. One thing kept coming up. The brain responds to a drop in social status the same way it responds to physical danger. Same cortisol, same alarm. When the image starts slipping, the brain isn't reading a money problem, it's reading a threat. And the fastest thing that kills that feeling is spending. Buy something. Restore the signal. Feel safe again for a few hours. This is why showing someone a spreadsheet that proves they're destroying their future almost never changes anything. You're not talking to their logic, you're talking to something much older than that. But some people do get out of it, and what they did is not what you'd expect. Thomas Stanley surveyed over 11,000 American millionaires. Most drove used cars. Most lived in ordinary neighborhoods. Nothing about them said wealthy. He expected to find ambition dressed up in status symbols. Instead, he kept finding the opposite. People who had quietly stopped performing. What was interesting wasn't just what they didn't buy, it was what they no longer needed to prove. Somewhere along the line, the imaginary audience disappeared for them. The crowd they'd been spending toward, the one that was never really watching. And once that audience was gone, money stopped leaking out and started actually building something. Every time you reach for the upgrade, the brand, the thing that costs just a little more than makes sense, who is that actually for? Not what you tell yourself, the real answer. The people who sit with that question long enough to answer it honestly, they don't just change how they spend, they change how they see themselves. And that's the only thing that actually sticks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @saiyaninvestsUS [2 likes]: Please make a video on rich people act broke
  2. @saiyaninvestsUS [1 likes]: Great video

- Fake Luxury Shoe Store Prank proves Luxury is just Perception - Payless: Kind: captions Language: en we at Payless wondered how much people would pay for our shoes if they didn't know they were our shoes so we've rebranded for a weekend yo what's going on YouTube it's a boy yourself Ischl back with another video now before I go ahead and play the rest of that video let me give you a bit of context into what's going on so obviously everyone knows luxury brands have very high prices for example you've got brands like Christian Louboutins and in trainers for 2,000 pounds we got Balenciaga selling the triple-s is for around 700 and overtime has pretty much become the norm to equate high prices with luxury products now three months ago palest which is the low-cost footwear retailer over in the US they went ahead and tested this theory what they did was rebrand their entire store and the name and they also increased their prices a lot and the results are quite interesting so one way to do now is play the rest of the clip and I'll be back in a minute know that they were our shoes so we've rebranded for a weekend we built a fake luxury store filled it with avant-garde sculptures and displays we even hired a full team of sales associates then we filled all the shelves with payless shoes and jacked up our prices as much as eighteen hundred percent and finally we gave it what you might call a fancier name welcome to policy Alessi is just high quality high fashion it's taking your shoe game like up to the next level thank you no European may you know up scared the guests at the policy grand opening party had no idea any of these shoes were from Payless it looks really well-made I love a heel that's kind of chunky because it means you can like jump up and down do some back flips maybe it's a center it's one of those shoes that you're just gonna get compliments on over and over again elegant sophisticated and versatile for me to experiences amazing I could definitely wear this to like a met gala dinner just think it's so unique we definitely spend 295 on a pump like this I would pay like three four hundred dollars for these shoes for sure I'd probably spend about five compliments are great enough but with these fashionista influencer types open up their wallets for our shoes we watched from room backstage as our first customer approached the register we all celebrate the first sale but then we witnessed more and more shoes selling shoes sold for 250 400 and even $600 but before any of them left we let them know the shoes were actually from Payless what no way you've got to be kidding me sure are you serious yeah we just pay too much I love Christian Siriano oh I would support this anyone who bought the shoes got them from us as a free gift but we proved that they could sell for over ten times the normal pay less price now anyone can come in to pay less and get these same exact shoes for as low as $19.99 I am very very happy with this purchase and I would be going to pay less now we all know that I was probably a lie she probably just said that for the cameras I doubt very much she will be show up in that playlist mainly because as that clip just showed people care a lot more about the brand image and in some case the prices more so than they do about the actual product and the quality of it even though this is nothing new it does make you think a bit more about the whole situation so if we look at it in reverse and start with a luxury brand for example Gucci take a few of their products for example the watch logo tee shirt or the ACE trainers you'll see that they're not really luxury items they're just priced very highly but because of Gucci's brand image they'll get categorized as luxury products and a lot of buyers just buy them because of that this won't be the case for every luxury brand of course some do have legitimate reasons as to why their prices are quite high last year Business Insider spoke directly to Dave mosquito who's the cone of nether spa they worked directly with Christian Louboutin and he shed some light on why the shoes might be quite expensive I mean there's a lot of things that go into the design of a shoe and the making of a shoe most importantly I think is whose design it who is manufacturing it and also what materials they're using to make the shoes whichever way you look at it is debate surrounding luxury brand product quality and the prices are going to be going on forever let me know your thoughts down in the comments don't forget to leave a like don't forget to subscribe and I'll see you again on the next video you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MaanBhatt-v6z [2 likes]: Rose Water : 1₹

L’eau de la rosé: 5000₹
  2. @porqpine1026 [1 likes]: These are the same people who shop at Erewhon
  3. @TashaDrumm [1 likes]: Many of the people who buy the authentic ones have kids in college and have huge student loans and unpaid home mortgages, but still spend thousands of dollars on handclothess. I often recommend :yt: amzclothese :yt:to them, they have good quality brand clothess.
  4. @Hezzy-w9b [1 likes]: Many dont see this as showing their stupidity. They see it as them being tricked.
  5. @May-m4n [1 likes]: This is hilarious and so embarrassing!
  6. @littlewazzock9508: Bet someone tried to sue
  7. @Eluvhii: water : ₺1
Le wâtòa : 1000₺
  8. @hugorezende199: i HAVE SO MANY QUESTIONS. The "Palessi" inicative payed influencer and some "important" people to be there?? How they made the marketing campaign ? Who are those people that went there to buy thinking it was great?
  9. @MarionAtwell: To be honest. If you produce at cost and remove the logo, the luxury market really isn't that expensive. The mark is about 80% of the actual price. But the fact that you are :yt: amzclothes :yt: buying an image and showing off your taste to make them think you are richer than you are is a very good thing to do.
  10. @J4Y.F.N: Identity... nothing else, the key of market positioning...
  11. @kdogg3285: People are sooo dumb, met a guy who payed $450 for a gucci cap hat, it looked like crap.
  12. @Mikeswaynumber9: People are pathetic!
  13. @dreamed827: Payless is probably not a good brand name, if you wanna earn more
  14. @crvptrvp: I would’ve taken the profit and donated it, they made a legal purchase for a product as advertised. Gotta redistribute somehow.
  15. @doubtingthomas007: 3:53

Sure..but they're still manufactured with the same tears of the same children in the same factories in China, Vietnam, Thailand...as basically everything else.
  16. @laurat6057: Hilarious... I love that you called people out on the fakeness of the whole fashion world
  17. @themandalorian2107: I always knew why I hate people
  18. @bradforester3635: Think about this logically. If they had just not given up the secret and kept us going, this might be a worldwide luxury brand.
  19. @NoLoveTX: This is like when I gave my younger cousin an O'doul alcohol free beer. He was only 19 but wanted to hang with the big dogs so I bought a six pack of it for fun. He was stumbling around and talking mad sh**...while we just sat back laughing like a mutha 😂😂😂 🤦🏾‍♂️
  20. @EasyZ-p1e: I feel this is the biggest trolling and to me it has fake event.

- The Hidden Economics of Fake Wealth: Kind: captions Language: en You've seen the shot. The G650, the leather interior, the glass of vintage champagne. It's the ultimate signal of power, right? It tells you this person has made it. They've cracked the code. They're part of the 1%. But here's the reality they actually don't want you to see. This isn't a $30 million aircraft. It's a wooden shell sitting in a warehouse in Los Angeles. The clouds outside that window, they're just LED screens. That high-end leather, it's probably been saddened by 50 other entrepreneurs this week alone. Welcome to the rental reality. It's a world where success isn't built on profit. It's built on a calculated return on perception. In the modern attention economy, looking rich isn't just an ego trip. It's a mandatory business expense. We're talking about a high ROI strategy where your image is the most important asset you'll ever manage. You see, if you're an influencer and you show up in a 10-year-old Honda, nobody's buying your wealth mindset course. But if you're posting from the cabin of a Gulfream, your perceived value triples overnight. The weirdest part, you don't even need the jet to fly. Places like FD Photo Studio in LA rent these stationary jet sets for as little as 35 to 60 bucks an hour. That's less than the price of a decent steak dinner to convince 5 million people that you're a billionaire. Now, let's talk about the Lambo play. A brand new Lamborghini Huracan is going to cost you about a4 million. But in places like Miami or Las Vegas, you can lease that same car by the afternoon for maybe 1,200 bucks. If you're smart, you aren't just driving that car, you're harvesting it. You bring five different outfits, you hit three different locations, and in 4 hours, you've shot enough content to keep your Instagram feed looking wealthy for the next 6 months. It's not about the car. It's about the halo effect. It's that psychological trick where if we see you have one expensive thing, we assume you're successful at everything else you do. But it's 2026 and the game has evolved. It's even easier now. We've seen a massive surge in influencers using high-end AI generated backdrops and deep fake travel logs to visit places like Tokyo, Dubai, or the Amalfi Coast without ever actually leaving their bedroom in the Midwest. They're using generative video tools to place themselves in five-star hotel suites that don't even exist in the physical world. The overhead for faking a lifestyle is literally dropping to zero. But while the cost to look the part goes down, the risk to the viewer has never been higher. You're being sold a dream by someone who's essentially using a digital filter to hide their own bank balance. And it's not just the big stuff. Look at the rotational wardrobe. Nobody owns their clothes anymore in this niche. Services like Rent the Runway or Specialized Clout Closets allow these creators to wear a $5,000 Dior suit for a weekend, post the fit check photos, and ship it back in a prepaid box on Monday morning. It's a literal revolving door of luxury. You're seeing a new outfit every day, but the person behind the screen is living out of a suitcase in a studio apartment. Why do they do it? Because it works. This is the visual economics of power. In the US, we've been conditioned to believe that money equals competence. If you have the watch, you must have the answers. And if you have the answers, I'll pay you $3,000 for your exclusive mastermind group. It's a predatory cycle. The influencer spends their last $1,000 to rent the look of success. Then they use that look to sell a course to people who are also struggling. and they use that money to finally buy the things they were pretending to own. It's a fake it till you make it pyramid scheme where the only thing being produced is a mountain of debt. But here is where the math stops adding up. To keep the brand deals coming, you have to keep the image going. You're trapped. You can't stop renting the cars because if you do, your engagement drops. If your engagement drops, the brands stop calling. You're stuck in a highstakes payto-play loop that never ends. We're seeing more and more creators hitting what we call authenticity burnout. It's that moment where you realize your entire public identity is just a lease that's about to expire. You're living in a mansion for a 4-hour shoot, then you're going home to eat ramen over a sink because you spent your rent money on a Gucci rental. The psychology behind this is fascinating and a little bit terrifying. As humans, we are hardwired to look for status signals. For thousands of years, these signals were hard to fake. If you had a gold crown, you were probably the king. But in a digital world, status signals have been democratized. Anyone with a credit card and an internet connection can buy the aesthetic of the elite. We've moved from a productivity economy where you actually have to build something to get rich to an image economy where you just have to look like you built something. We are living through a massive decoupling of wealth and value. The visual economics of power used to be about owning the means of production, the factories, the land, the shipping lanes. Now it's about owning the means of perception. If you can control what people think you have, you can control what they're willing to give you. It's a masterclass in manipulation hidden behind a golden hour filter and a catchy soundtrack. So the next time you're scrolling and you see that perfect shot, the one with the private jet, the emerald green hills of a country you can't pronounce, and the no days off caption, don't ask yourself how they did it. Don't ask for their secrets to success. Instead, ask yourself what the hourly rate is for that background. Ask yourself if you're looking at a person or just a very expensive, very temporary rental. Because in 2026, the most expensive thing you can possibly own is an image you can't actually afford to keep up. The rent is always due. And in the end, the truth usually has a way of crashing the party. Turn off the LED clouds, pack up the ring light, and what's left? Usually just a person in an empty warehouse wondering if the likes were worth the debt. This is the rental reality. And it's time we all started looking past the mahogany table.

- The Rise of Fake Rich Chinese Influencers: Kind: captions Language: en Here's the closet. This is my $20,000 fur coat with my daily backpack. I got it because it blinds up poor people, you know. I was seated with peasants in economy class for the first time in my life. >> Here's how I spent $200,000 in a week in Japan because I was spo. Here's how to shop like a billionaire. Today, I'm heading to the order to restock my closet because I only wear clothes from the latest season and only once. >> By now, you're probably aware that Chinese people and designer brands pretty much go hand in hand. After all, you'd be hardressed not to go into Songhai, Beijing, or the Chinese international student area at your local university and not see someone dressed from head to toe in what is probably at the cost of a down payment for a house. So, how exactly does a Chinese person who makes 40k a year wear a 20k outfit on the weekend? What East Asian cultural values causes them to do this? And what are the effects? Oh, and by the way, feel free to skip to this timestamp if you just want to see me call out and expose fake rich Chinese influencers. To put it simply, and the boring answer is most of them just save. And that just kind of ties back to how the cost of living in China is just cheaper than the West, where a lot of food, housing, and utilities are subsidized by the government, which ultimately just allows people to spend more on non-necessities like designer clothing or a holiday. But what if you can't save that much or want multiple outfits? Well, an option is to rent designer items just to wear on days out. But what if even renting is too expensive? This is where the funnier answer comes in. There is a phenomenon which started back in 2020 called which roughly translates to group by socialites. Another YouTuber Jay Gal has a great 8-minute video on that. But TLDDR, there are group chats in China that you can join and essentially as a group of like 60 plus people, rent an item and pass it around for a few hours each day between each person for a month or so. Another example would be having 40 people pitch in for a single room at the Bulgari Hotel and then take turns taking selfies. Pretty much just using it as a photo op to flex on social media. Of course, people in the west also spend money on designer clothing, but rarely would they go to such lengths to craft such a false luxury aesthetic. So why do they do this? [Music] If you live in somewhere like America or Australia, chances are when you'd splurge on some, let's say, designer jacket, it's likely you see something you like, you swipe, you smile, and call it a day. Now imagine you're Chinese buying that same jacket in Shanghai. Your eyes see the same jacket and yet your brain fires off a dozen pop-ups. Will auntie flex it on WeChat? Does my boss think promotion energy when he sees it? Are my friends about to roast me for trying too hard? And the reason for this all boils down to two cultural factors. The first factor is about the idea of which the closest English translation to this would be face in the context of losing face which is what happens after being publicly humiliated. In a gaming analogy, it's like a social high score meter. When you lose face, it's like lag spiking in a rank game and the whole lobby notices and clowns on you for it. Trip on stage at your graduation, that's a face plant. Graduate top of your class, face points rain from the sky. Because in face culture, how someone sees you means everything. Like people will spend some serious mental bandwidth on how every choice from dinner reservations to designer handbags will look under public lighting. The second factor is about how we define ourselves. In much of the West, identity is like a single player game. Your victories are yours. Your embarrassing breakdance fails are also yours. And your siblings PhD doesn't magically upgrade your LinkedIn headline. Psychologists call this independent self-control. In China and many parts of East Asia, though, life feels more like a shared universe. I includes the whole family WeChat group, the office squad, and even the five stack I play League of Legends with. I might be gold, but my friend's diamond, so I'm also pretty high elo. Anyway, this is what's known as interdependent self-control. And it means your personal network is spread to everyone you're connected to. Keep this in the back of your mind cuz I'll come back to this later. Now, layer those two factors on top of how we decide what things we should buy. Marketing scholars Smith and Colgate say products deliver three flavors of value. Functional, does it actually do anything? Expressive, does it send the right social signals? and experiential. Does it feel good? In the West, experiential value often hogs the spotlight. If the jacket or handbag sparks joy, swipe that card. In Asia, however, experiential and expressive values form a duo. Joy as well as social resonance. And if that's still confusing, here's an example. If I use Magaku to learn a language, then it's providing me with functional value. If I tell everyone I use Magaku whilst drinking matcha, taking photos with a digic cam, and reading All About Love by Bell Hooks, it's providing me with expressive value. And if I use Magaku daily before bed as the therapeutic experience in itself, then it's providing me with experiential value. Let me show you guys exactly what I mean. Now, as you saw earlier in the video, I used some sources from Chinese social media. And to fully understand the nuance of these jokes and references, you ultimately have to know Chinese. And with today's sponsor, Migaku, you can learn Chinese from content you actually enjoy, such as sea dramas, music videos, online articles, and more. Maku is incredibly interactive. Every subtitled word is clickable for instant translations. But what really impressed me is their dynamic Chrome extension, which breaks things down in real time. It supports plenty of video sites like Netflix, YouTube, Disney Plus, and any online content like articles, websites, social media, and more. Plus, whenever I click on a word, Migaku saves it as a flash card, complete with definitions and example sentences directly from the show. But if you like learning in a more traditional way, Migaku also has comprehensive Chinese courses which have been meticulously crafted to cover everything from pinging and essential vocabulary to complex grammar structures and cultural insights. They also have a mobile app which you can watch YouTube directly from and learn new words without needing a laptop. Finally, with Maku's OCR feature, you can turn photos from real world text into personalized lessons. See a sign or an interesting article, snap a picture, and start learning. You can even turn pages from your favorite Chinese novel or manua into interactive lessons. If you're planning a trip to China or just curious about learning new languages and cultures, even basic language skills can totally transform your experience. So, ditch the textbooks and the green hour and start learning with Maku today for just $10 a month. Or if you're like me and prefer lifetime access over a subscription, click on my link to get 50% off. And Migaku works for all these languages as well. I've been personally using it to learn Japanese. Huge thanks again to Maku for sponsoring today's video. Now, let's get back to where we left off. Ever bought something purely because it makes you feel great? That's the power of experiential value. That little dopamine hit that makes shopping so addictive. And if your self-control is more independent, like many people in the West, this is probably what you prioritize. You buy things because you like them. And hey, there's nothing wrong with that. But flip the script to China and most of East Asia, and things shift dramatically. Wong and Auvia's research gives great example of this. Imagine there's a cheap sweet wine that you actually enjoy and then there's a pricey dry wine that you absolutely can't stand. In Western culture, it's a no-brainer. You grab the wine you like. But in many Asian cultures, people more often than not choose the expensive wine they dislike just because it signals higher status in public. That's the expressive value kicking in. And it's powered by interdependent self-control where other people's perceptions directly shape your identity. And just on a side note, it explains perfectly as to why Malt is the most valuable liquor company worldwide. Like at 53%, this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] literally just tastes like $500 hand sanitizer. But there's more. To fully grasp why Chinese consumers are so obsessed with luxury, we need to understand something called public and private meanings. Public meanings are shared and well-known meanings. Luxury brands spend absurd amounts to ensure everyone knows exactly what they would be owning if they buy their stuff. and what their product signals. Because luxury isn't just about being expensive. It's about what it symbolizes, achievement, status, and wealth. Private meanings, on the other hand, are personal, like a family watch your grandfather passed down. Scholars argue Western consumers tend to emphasize private meanings, cherishing things that hold personal significance. Asian consumers, however, often prioritize public meanings more. Not saying they don't cherish things of sentimental value, but rather because how others see them heavily influences their own identity. It's the concept captured beautifully by the ancient Chinese phraseing which translates to first people respect the silk clothes, then they respect the person wearing them. So, it's really no wonder luxury fits Chinese culture so seamlessly. It's the ultimate flex, a shorefire shortcut to securing face and respect. And this is pretty much why the stereotype of Chinese people always wearing designer isn't just superficial vanity. It's deeply tied to the culture itself. Finally, conformity plays a huge role in China and East Asian societies. As it's a legacy of Confucianism, the ideal Confucian personality is someone who prioritizes duty and harmony above personal desires. If you conform, even reluctantly, you were seen as virtuous, putting the group's well-being first. Compare that to the West where giving into peer pressure means you failed to be yourself. Back in East Asia, though, this need for conformity is the reason someone might choke down that dry, expensive wine in public. They're putting collective harmony above personal preference. It's also why so many people feel trapped in a cycle of maintaining this image of wealth and luxury, even if it's financially and emotionally draining. And so what starts as an attempt to gain face can easily spiral into an endless cycle of appearances, expectations, and pressure. Now, aside from spending money recklessly and feeling stressed to maintain a specific aesthetic, the effect of this phenomenon generally isn't all that terrible. However, with that being said, because you're essentially acting as though you are someone you aren't, that being someone who is actually wealthy, this character, which for multiple reasons is not a good person to pretend to be, can sometimes take over your real personality and you end up becoming this terrible person in real life. There are multiple cases like this in China. So much so that the Chinese government actually banned outwardly flaunting wealth on social media. And I want to talk about two people who are an example of this when it goes too far. both whom also happen to be influencers that have somewhat of a following in the west. One which is lying about who he is and profiting off someone else's name to grift a following and fabricate that billionaire lifestyle and the other is literally a pathetic scammer who has taken this too far and is essentially stealing money directly from her gullible followers. These two of course would be the infamous Jar and Madison CEO. >> My name is Jar and I'm the richest international student at the NYU. All right, if you're chronically online like I am, chances are you've probably heard of the international kid. This guy supposedly claims to be Jack's son. Spoiler alert, he's not. Jack, founder of Alib Baba, actually does have a son, though, named Marianquin. And he's 33 years old. Definitely not this Tik Tok guy. If you haven't seen his content, he literally stages videos making people film him outside of luxury stores like Gucci, Louis Vuitton, and Burberry, pretending to buy stuff for his alleged girlfriends. He flaunts cars, clothes, watches, you name it, he's flexing it. And honestly, it's just cringe. Like, actual rich people don't do this. Now, I get it. He's playing a character, and by all means, he's probably a fine person in real life, but is he really playing a character if no one can tell where the joke ends? and reality begins. Think of other comedy Tik Tockers like Will Gibb or Lachlan Fairborn. These guys openly share their real selves alongside the characters that they're playing. But the International Kid, it's like he's permanently stuck in character mode. It feels less like comedy and more like scammer and con artist vibes. And I only say this because if you Google his supposed name, Jah, his LinkedIn pops up claiming he's the majority shareholder and financial adviser of China's biggest company. Like seriously, you're not the financial adviser of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mate. Not to mention pretending to be one is also highly illegal, but he probably doesn't care. And he's obviously riding this wave, appearing on podcasts, probably paid, talking about his so-called luxurious life as Jack Mar's son. And here's the kicker. In this one podcast, he openly criticizes the Chinese government. >> It's hard in China because uh there's eyes watching everywhere. There's a censorship issues, right? >> Trust me, if Jack Mah was actually your dad, you'd absolutely never get away with this. I mean, even he didn't get away with this. The comments on his content are predictably mixed. You've got skeptics wondering if any of this is real, and younger viewers who idolize him, leaving comments like, "Bro, I wish I was you." But here's the thing. Living like this, constantly flaunting an exaggerated superficial life, isn't just pointless, it's damaging. If there's one thing I've learned from the show Lord of Mysteries, highly recommend, by the way, it's that playing a character long enough eventually makes you become that character. We've seen this happen in real life, too, especially with method actors who lose themselves in their roles. Imagine being this guy actually believing his own persona. And I only say that cuz to rent and possibly even buy all this stuff, you don't have to be a billionaire. You just have to be somewhat wealthy. He genuinely seems like he could be an international student from his accent. And so his family back home in China probably has like a decent amount of money, at least to be able to send him abroad. So honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if eventually gets to a point where he becomes so diluted that he just thinks he's better than everyone else if he isn't already like this. And lastly, I hate it when the poor people breed. Now on to Madison CEO, the literal scum of this earth. And I say this with good reasoning as well. She claims to be the CEO and co-founder of a billiondoll company with a random capital C for company, which would make her probably the most illiterate billionaire in the world, by the way. And apparently the most influential under 40 of Asia in 2024 with zero context given. Like her source is literally just trust me, bro. But let's have a look at her content. >> Hey everyone, welcome to my house tour. Let me show you some of the most ridiculous things I have bought to make this place feel like home. First up, we've got an art collection. I'm a big art fan, so I fill my house with all these paintings and sculptures from famous artists. They are anywhere from 20,000 to 100,000 each. Honestly, I have no clue what half of them are about, but they look pretty cool, don't they? This tool from LV is one of my favorite pieces. And we got some Tiffany and Dior champagne glasses. This one is from LV. is actually one of my favorite. Next up is the Hermes whiskey glass set. I mean, I don't drink, so these are all just for decoration. This is actually the most useful item here that I use every day. Straws from LV. They are metal, so they're environmentally friendly. Let me know in the comments which one is your favorite and what do you want to see in part two. >> So, basically, her whole thing is pretty much the same as that Jar kid. All she does is go around flexing how rich she is. The only difference being she's actively selling a course on how to get rich. So, I'm going to channel my inner Coffeezilla and expose her for who she actually is. Madison is not her real name. Her real name is Leang Chiing and she's actually somewhat of a former public figure in China from the early 2010s. She participated in the ATV Miss Asia pageant in 2012, which no hate at all, it's a very impressive achievement. and she even appeared on a popular Chinese matchmaking show, If You Are the One, back in 2013. The only thing is though, she claims to be 24 on her website. Meaning, if that were true, this would be her at 12 years old. She also claims that a supposed company is on the NASDAQ, New York Stock Exchange, and the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong. And as proof, she posts photos of herself in front of said stock exchanges. However, on closer inspection, you can see very easily that this image is blatantly photoshopped and then cropped from the original photo taken from the rep batter IPO back in 2023. Like blurring out the faces already should have been a massive red flag. And going back and looking at this NYC podium photo, it feels like she's trying to deceive people into thinking that this was the photo taken at an IPO for her company. But that's not the podium people stand at when they IPO. This is the actual podium. Where she's standing is the podium any visitor at the NYC can stand and take a photo at, as seen from all these examples. But if you've seen her content before, you might be wondering, doesn't she have a mansion in LA where she always shows off? Well, personally, I find it a bit weird that her house that she claims to be living in is listed on Airbnb. This pool is the same. The couch and the living room are also the same. Like it's very obvious after knowing this that she's just rented out the place for a day where she filmed all her content and has been posting it over and over again on different days. Furthermore, Madison CEO often flaunts on her socials of being featured on magazines such as Harper's Bazaar, Vanity Fair, Maxim, etc. And that's probably something you think can't be faked and technically it isn't. She's genuinely featured on Harper's Bizaarre, Serbia, Maxim, Philippines, Vanity Fair, Denmark. Okay, so these clearly are not the core international publications, rather local magazines that use the licensing of a brand name, but someone still needs to write it up, right? Well, here's a little industry secret. There's a website called Bayen Bower. And on this website, you can actually pay to have these licensed name local magazines feature you on them. And oh look, on the front page, we can already see Harper's Bazaar and Vanity Fair as options. And if I click on this Vanity Fair box to see where I'm actually getting featured on. Oh, that's strange. It takes me to Vanity Fair Denmark. You might be wondering, how do I know all this? Well, I'm going to expose myself a little bit here. I've actually done something similar like this in the past. So, I'm a music producer and a couple years ago, I actually did an official remix for Havana Brown. Anyway, to promote this remix, the label actually paid a similar service to have the magazine We Rave You feature and do a write up about me. So, what Madison is doing is literally all a sham. And again, I wouldn't really care that much if it wasn't for the fact she's literally running a scam, selling a get-rich quick course, pretending that she's a billionaire with some sort of mystical knowledge, when in reality, she's a nobody. At best, a washedup reality TV star from China. But let's have a look at how much she's making from this scam. She has two courses, one which takes me to her school page where she has 9,500 members each paying $3 a month. So just from that, she's making 28,500 each month, $342,000 a year. And then on her website, she sells another course, one that's $99, but currently on sale for 20. And this one offers things like one-on-one calls and exclusive hiring opportunities, which is very interesting because that means she's most likely exploiting desperate, probably unemployed people for personal gain. Oh, and she has a doing account, China's Tik Tok, and everything she posts is totally different. And she's just an average vlogger. Like, oh, what a surprise. In a country where you probably don't want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around and find out, you're a clean slate. And finally, I noticed if you scroll down on her website, she has a contact privacy policy and a terms and conditions, you can click on the contact and privacy policy, but for some mysterious reason, you can't click on the terms and conditions. I genuinely feel like if I signed up to this course, I wouldn't be able to cancel the subscription. If you're watching this and happen to be one of the unlucky 9,500 plus people scammed by her, I feel sorry for you. And honestly, I think you should contact and report it to the Ministry of Justice in China. This is the email. If you enjoyed my video, make sure to subscribe for more similar content. I talk about all things East Asia here, and the next video will be very controversial. You won't want to miss it. If you want to share your thoughts, please comment below. I would love to hear it. Oh, and of course, if you're eating right now, I hope you're having a wonderful meal. I'll catch you later.

  Top Comments:
  1. @klaize_ [40 likes]: Start learning with Migaku today. Click my link to get 50% off: https://migaku.com/klaize
  2. @francoisxavierzomadi7524 [1 likes]: VANITÉ DES VANITÉS TOUT EST VANITÉS ET POURSUITE DU VENT
  3. @theylovemyaesthetic [1 likes]: JGAO MENTIONNED 🗣🗣🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥🔥
  4. @Konbinilemonade [1 likes]: I have been so curious about Madison CEO!
  5. @hyena8302 [1 likes]: I love the PMD soundtrack XD. Got me playing the game again after all these years
  6. @MajaKawecka-1312 [1 likes]: could you please tell whats the sound on 15:50 from cuz i realized i heard in an obscure album before and i am fathomed by the connectrion
  7. @TianaOsix-fk5wv: I'm eating right now, thank u very much. It's peach icecream with lingonberry jam
  8. @RedKincaid: It's really fascinating, I find even American fashion culture hard to understand even though I was born and raised here. I wear clothes because I personally like how they look, the thought of looking at a brand name or wondering what signal it broadcasts to others just doesn't make sense to me intuitively. The video is very helpful
  9. @didur62: So Chinese people have small penis syndrome.
  10. @doesthisusername: "most illiterate billionaire in the world" sure didn't age well after seeing the emails lol
  11. @StevieFQ: Frankly. If you think someone who has a get rich course would sell that information for less than the value of whatever income you're supposed to be getting then you're not poor and desperate. You're just stupid.
  12. @Alinayeptho: 13:15 jack ma even he cannot get away for this 😂😂😂
  13. @Alinayeptho: Its like fake it untill you make it😅😂
  14. @Il_panda: The fact that a bottle of hand sanitizer can be sold for 500 bucks proves that marketing Is just dark magic.
  15. @GenericheroVII: Great video. I got a bit lost; but I appreciate the youtube video!
  16. @MessiahManiac: I thought they were communist and stuff
  17. @ArcadeFanatic99: It must be exhausting to wake up everyday just to let other people control your life.
But hey, that's a voluntarily chosen torture, so far from sympathy you should get laughed at.
  18. @simptonoto: my dad's boss owns like so much money and his house is full of junk he does  not trow away because he's soo cheap
  19. @RashaKade: This is an example of--don't believe everything you see on the internet & to not assume others wealth. However rich a person elicits to be online, for the sake of an online persona, that's no means to judge & thereby assume their status
  20. @Tofu_Pilot: #FUKmigaku, bro #migakuCUNTS suck and cannot speak putonghua.

- How Consumerism Ruins Our Planet and Finances: Kind: captions Language: en why don't you let me fix you some of this numo coco drink all natural cocoa beans from the upper slopes of mountain nicaragua no artificial sweeteners what the hell are you talking about in 2021 the average person is estimated to encounter 6 000 to 10 000 advertisements every single day this is double the number of advertisements we'd have seen in 2007 and 12 times more than what people were seeing in the 70s we encounter ads everywhere on tv instagram facebook tick tock magazines and spotify there's a very good chance you had an advertisement before or around this very video i bring up this overwhelming advertisement driven lifestyle we're living because it hints at the larger concern that i have with our current way of life mass consumption consumerism is defined as the preoccupation of society with the acquisition of consumer goods we're constantly being told to buy more want more have more that what you have now is not enough that maybe if you just bought this one product or service your problems would be solved we want more we want more like you really like it you want more i follow you this messaging paired with an oversaturated culture of consumerism and increasingly easier ways to purchase goods at the touch of your fingers has led to an enormous increase in consumer spending over the past several decades which i believe has in turn greatly affected our collective finances joy and environment that's why i wanted to make this video essay today my channel is all about trying to live your best life by leveraging personal finance and living intentionally while also incorporating elements of sustainability and minimalism which makes this topic of consumerism so very relevant to me if we can cut down on our consumption and escape this cult of buying more that has been drilled into us from years and years of advertisements then i believe we can help save our wallets our peace of mind and our planet all at the same time so first off let's talk money mass consumption is really expensive on an individual level usa today reported in 2019 that americans spend an average of 18 000 on non-essentials every year that is a whole down payment on a house or a master's degree that you could pay for or an entire year's worth of rent in a really nice apartment bottom line that is a lot of money in that same usa today article they break down what type of buckets of non-essential spending people are devoting their money to here's the chart so that you can see all of it but i wanted to highlight a few items that stood out to me 108 dollars a month goes to impulse purchases about 94 goes to subscription boxes and about 178 goes to takeout or delivery that is a nearly 400 example of unnecessary mass consumption that is hurting people's wallets every single month that's not even beginning to touch on the other artifacts of mass consumption that we see in that breakdown such as coffee every day bottled water multiple streaming services and online shopping now you've got the idea put plenty of coke in that refrigerator one for you one for me i love it i got us a little something too yeah yep one for you and one for me and look i'm not saying you need to cut all non-essential spending from your life some non-essential spending can really make a fun time like if i want to go to the cheesecake factory with my friends i'm probably going to do that every once in a while i love my good i have a chocolate cheesecake but what i think we need to start doing is instead of cutting it all out just starting to trim it and redirect it using that money for things that are going to be more meaningful in the long term rather than buying things that we just want impulsively and that we probably don't need in our lives i think it's really important for people including myself to try to break out of these habits of buying things impulsively or things that we don't need or aren't going to use in the long term because all of that is a product of the mass consumption culture that we live in our culture promotes convenience whether that's the convenience of getting your food delivered to your doorstep despite almost doubling the cost sometimes or whether it's the ease in which you can purchase just about anything with a click of a button on amazon but what happens is we get trapped in a cycle of consumption which keeps us desperate for money so we can continue to buy more things i saw a stat the other day that blew my mind and it was that sixty percent of millennials who earn one hundred thousand dollars or more a year are living paycheck to paycheck which is wild and a lot of reason for that is because of lifestyle a lifestyle of consumption where buying expensive things or just simply buying a lot of things is the norm here in my garage just bought this uh new lamborghini here fun to drive up here in the hollywood hills people get a rush when they buy something new and for some it helps them feel like they're keeping up with their friends or the people they see online but all of that is a fantasy companies and media influence you to buy more things which in turn forces you to continue working to pay for those things often as an employee at those very same companies we're like little gerbils on a wheel just keep on running but we don't go anywhere we just keep buying things and then we have to keep working and you're stuck and you're stuck until you get off the wheel choosing to turn away from over consumption is how you escape that cycle it's about choosing yourself over products in a lifestyle that's been fed to you by advertisements and media and it's about building up your financial health so that you don't have to live paycheck to paycheck and that you can have financial freedom one day the environmental impact rejecting mass consumption can absolutely help your finances because you're spending less on random stuff that you don't need and it can help your peace of mind because you can start to escape that feeling of comparison and feeling like you always need to keep up with other people online or celebrities or anything like that it's a peaceful existence when you can start turning away from consumption but i think an equally if not more important reason to reject mass consumption is the environmental impact consumerism takes a huge toll on our planet americans alone throw away an average of 81 pounds of clothes and textiles every year that's just for one person and as a nation we dispose of about 26 million tons of plastics each year and the us is not the only country doing this it's not just their problem there's so much excess in the world right now national geographic recently reported that quote this unprecedented consumer appetite is undermining the natural systems we all depend on and making it even harder for the world's poor to meet their basic needs and that quote most of the environmental problems we see today can be linked to consumption oh wait did i say that was a recent report my bad that came out in 2004 so the problem has gotten even worse since then we have a more globalized economy and it's easier than ever to buy things online from all over the world so it's just exacerbating this problem of consumption not to mention our appetite has gotten a lot worse for consumption because of things like social media i'm not saying this all to be alarmist i think we all know the threats that face our planet right now when it comes to climate change i know there's a lot of people and systems that are to blame for this but i think there is a way that we can help contribute to bettering this planet and changing the culture and that's by changing our habits around consumption we have to turn away from the temptations of consumption instead of buying a new wardrobe with every new trend that comes out on tick-tock curate your closet with staples that are timeless and durable keep your current phone if it works instead of lining up to buy whatever new iphone apple has that year gift experiences for people instead of products and start practicing finding joy and excitement in things that don't involve spending money and consuming i don't really blame us for falling into these habits of consumption because it was the blueprint that was laid out for us be a good consumer make companies money maybe if you buy all these products they will fill whatever hole is inside of you i'm not talking about dildos that i'm realizing now that sounds like dildos but any product really mass consumption in general it makes you feel whole that's at least the story that we've been told but it's not true i think there can be so much fun excitement and benefit to rejecting mass consumption and adopting a more simple minimalist and sustainable approach to life if you're on the fence about it try it out for a month try just 30 days of living a little bit more simply and not consuming as much and then at the end see how you feel see if you've saved a ton more money and if you kind of like it and then go from there and if you're already interested or you're already doing it that's amazing and i want to hear what you think in the comments below so let me know how you've gone about living a simple life or rejecting consumerism or what steps you're hoping to take to get there i plan to do more video essays like this in the future from dissecting impulse shopping to talking about how social media keeps us poor so if you're interested in things like that please subscribe i also post weekly videos just in general about personal finance money management living your best life all those things so if you're not subscribed please do and if you'd like to support this channel and the content that i'm making you can also donate some money and quote buy me a coffee in the link below i put it there and i just started it so feel free to do so but also don't feel like you have to but thank you so much for watching i really hope this video was interesting to you guys maybe helpful or inspiring um but yeah thank you again for watching and i will see you guys next week alright bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @thefinancialfreedomgirl [22 likes]: I LAUNCHED A NEWSLETTER!! 🎉 https://thepopfinancereport.substack.com/ -- GO CHECK IT OUT & SUBSCRIBE!!! 🥰 

"The Pop Finance Report" is a monthly (for now) newsletter diving into pop culture and money! If you've been craving more dives into money and media, and perhaps a way to consume media outside of the typical algorithm-driven social media world, this is the newsletter for you!
  2. @theVoid524 [6 likes]: 1:24 it just straight up ruined my life. My finances are destroyed for the next 4 years because of credit cards
  3. @shyamprakash9178 [1 likes]: You just advertised The Cheesecake Factory. I have never been there. Now, i want to try that and see what's the big deal about it. 😂
  4. @ReverieYu-o1h [1 likes]: I agree with the point of video title. Companies and influencers often deliver a concept that people must cosume something in festival,  even in International Women's Day that such a historic day. It's exhausting and I HATE  these behaviors and marketing campaign.
  5. @poeticore2124: lol dildos WHAAAAAAAAAT 🤣🤣🤣
but seriously, your points are TOTALLY VALID. glad i've been following you!!
  6. @GenderedEconomics: TAKK, focuses on simplifying the product choice and fighting overconsumption in beauty industry! For them less is more 🍀You can find the story of TAKK and how it creates change in the industry in our first Plethora of Change Episode. Especially interesting for people interested in sustainability, ethical marketing and beauty care industry😇
  7. @buff9267: Yearly hardware purchases may be the most gluttonous consumer acts ever
  8. @thisisnothappening: Just stop buying and start living 🗿
  9. @leonieschiefer7919: what is this song in the background i need to know it
  10. @littlemu12345: 20$ for coffee a month is not coffee every day per ce, unless it's beans. I buy about a pound of beans and it costs 11$ in WinCo. Lasta for about a month
  11. @Maxfromohio2155: Overconsumption harms the environment way more than overpopulation
  12. @gwenn7748: how do you guys manage to do fun stuff without spending? even on a beach day, i would probably need 10-15$ for food.
  13. @SIMONLOWE-rh2hm: I no u no i never said that
  14. @enperry8895: I plan to write more online on Archive Of Our Own And Plotting The Next Steps On How Should I Extend The Alternative Headcanons Of My Stories, After Publishing Many Chapters As I Could All Copies Would Be Ordered In Person Just To Make Money.
  15. @responderyan: I think consumerism has reached its peak, especially because of social media and endless ads. It is frustrating to realize that almost everything you see is an ad, companies try to sell you something 24/7. Most of the people just follow majority and trends, buying things that they, most probably, won't even use. The problem is that most of the people do not even realize that they are the reason overconsumption happens, they think it's normal and that's why this problem of overconsumption is still persistent, and moreover, growing.
  16. @m_justnotleest: As a 17 y/o girl who's trying to practice underconsumerism, I've been only buying make-ups—specially lipsticks when they run out completely. Buying inks only for my pens, and thrifting clothes has really helped me a lot into controlling my impulsiveness in checking-out on online shops. Though it's hard to avoid these things when ads and influencer continues to promote stuff that have short life-spans.
  17. @adammmsayson5944: don't mind me, just dropped a comment here to deconsumerize my yt algorithm
  18. @JimmyLacroe: Best thumbnail ever 👌
  19. @Hirvi47: I agree with your ideas about consumerism. Moreover , I am bothered by so much advertising. Advertising not only promotes consumerism but it also fills our heads with misleading messages that are often not true!
Try to pay attention to ads with a critical thinking attitude. Ask yourself the question: is this true? is this really how they present it?
  20. @AngelaWildman-ep6qu: This is why I stopped being a toy collector.

- Consumerism is the Perfection of Slavery - Prof Jiang Xueqin: Kind: captions Language: en All right. Now, what's amazing about Marx is that today we say he's wrong, right? Communism happened in the Soviet Union. It happened in China, but it happened in Europe and in United States where Mark said it would happen first because Germany was more industrialized than Russia or China. Okay, does that make sense? That's that's that's what we say. If you think about it deeply, okay, um Marx is right. After World War II, every society, every industrial society to some extent adopted the ideals of communism. It doesn't make sense. Okay, we call this socialism and not communism, but basically it adhere to the thinking of Marx, which is to make the worker the heart and center of your society. And and why did they do that after World War II? Exactly. Okay. Because workers create value. Money doesn't create any value. Money just creates more money. Okay. It's speculative. But the workers create value. They're productive. And therefore, you have to treat your workers properly. So in America and in Europe, workers became the heart and center of your society. And the workers through unions could uh demand political reforms. And so our society was geared towards making the lives of the middle class, the working class better. Okay? That's why you had excellent healthcare, great great public schools, um cheap universities. Okay, so the 50s and 60s and 70s was basically the peak uh of society for the working class. But in the 80s, we start to change this. Why? Why would why would we want to change the system? It's a great system, right? Marx is right. Having the worker as the heart and center of your of your society, as the central organizing unit of of society makes a lot more sense than having money as the heart and center. Okay? But starting in the 80s, we start to go back to money. Why? Excuse me. Who wants more? Yes. Exactly. Okay. So, what happened in the 80s is something called the revolt of the elite. Okay. In other words, the problem with having a society based on a worker is it becomes too egalitarian, too equal, right? But if you're like the elite, you don't want equality. You want difference. You want to have power and money in your hands. Does that make sense? So the revolted elite happened in the 80s. And this is what we call in the United States the re Reagan revolution. Okay? The Reagan revolution, the beginning of neoliberalism, free market capitalism. And in Britain it was called Thatcherism. Okay? Margaret Thatcher. the Thatcher revolution. And so now you need to transition away from the worker to something else. Okay, another ideology that allows the elite to amass power. Okay, so just to show you how radical this revolution was in the 1970s, okay, 1970s, if you were a CEO, the head of a company, okay, you were making on average $1 million US a year. That's pretty good, right? That's really good money. And that $1 million was more than 20 times the worker. Okay? And that's pretty reasonable. Today, the average CEO in United States makes $20 million a year and that is 200 to 300 times more than the average worker in the company. Okay, does that make sense? So, um in the 80s, inequality start to explode, right? And so they're transitioning from the worker to a new organizing unit called the consumer. So they needed to destroy the the working class, the middle class. And the way they did it was by introducing a new concept called the consumer. Okay? So in the 50s, 60s and 70s, the government promised you a good job. If you were a member of a society, if you were a citizen, I promise you a good job that you would have for the rest of your life. Okay? So in the 80s, the government said, I promise you that you have low prices and a wide selection of goods. Okay? Does that make sense? All right. So this sounds like a subtle shift going from the worker to the consumer. Okay. But what this meant was a revolution in society, a revolution in politics. So remember that an example of the worker, the worker has to have political consciousness in order to protect his or her rights, in order to organize and and unify and uh push for favorable political reforms. Okay, that's what the worker must do. Okay, but now let's think about the mentality of the consumer. And to do this, let's do another thought experiment. And the thought experiment experiment is this. Everyone in the school about 500 people. I decide to give everyone $1 million US. Okay? So, everyone in the school has exactly $1 million US to spend. What happens now? Think about this. What happens now? Use your imagination. What happens? What's the first thing you do? What's the first thing you do? I've given you a million dollars. What do you do with it? Well, the first thing you do is buy something, right? What do you want to buy? $1 million is a lot of money. What what what do you want to buy now? You buy a house, right? That's great. That's a great purchase. Then what do you do with then? What do you do? Okay. First thing is not buys a house. Then then what does he do? Excuse me. Buy furniture. Then what does he do? There's something that he must do that's very important. What what does he buy the house? What does he want to do? He wants to take pictures and post on social media, right? So everyone sees on social media. Then you see this now has this huge house in Beijing with lots of fancy furniture. What do you do now? You also want to buy a house. But what kind of house? A bigger house, right? And then what do you do? You also post pictures. Okay. Then how do other people feel? You you think this is funny, okay? But this happens all the time. So very quickly, what happens in the school and you Yeah. You all spend your money and you all go into debt, right? Because you're in competition with each other to buy the biggest thing. And $1 million is a lot of money, but it's not enough to buy everything, right? So, you go into debt. You borrow more more money to buy more things. And then what happens? And then what happens? How do you guys feel about each other? Do you guys have lunch together? Do you guys have dinner together? Do you guys like like to share homework together? You guys hate each other, right? At the end of the day, what will happen is you all go into debt and you all hate each other, right? So that's consumerism. This is what what consumerism is. Consumerism creates a competition in society for prestige, okay? to see who can post the nicest social media pictures. This leads to the indivization or the optimization of you. Okay? In other words, you are now unable to act together. You don't want to organize. You don't want to act in solidarity. Okay? And ultimately this means that you develop economic logic. Okay? And what is economic logic? It's to see the world only through the lens of capital. Okay? Does it make sense? So when you when you see someone and you you might like okay well do I want to date this person? You don't ask oh is this person a nice person? You you ask yourself how much money does this person have? Okay, you understand? You use economic logic in order to understand the world and to reason and analyze the world. Okay, now let me ask you this question today. Is this how China works? Is this how the world works? The answer is yes. Okay. Are do you are you like this? Yes, you are like this. Okay. You've been brainwashed into thinking thinking that this is the only way to behave and to think. You're in school. Why are you in school? So you can get a good job. Why? To make money and so you can buy things. Okay, you understand? That's how you all think. But there are different ways to think about school, right? You're like, I'm in school to learn, to open my mind, to have an imagination, to think critically about the world, right? And that was the way we thought about school when the workers were dominant. But now that consumers are dominant, all we think about is how do I get a good job? How do I buy a bigger house? Because I want to post it on social media. Okay. So, if you think about this, what this really is is the perfection of slavery. Okay? Does it make sense? What does this phrase mean? The perfection of slavery. Yeah. Yeah. He becomes a slave of the money. But but but what why is this perfect? Yes. Okay. You understand? If you're a slave, you rebel, right? But you don't know you're a slave and you like this, you choose this, then you will never rebel. Okay. So the consumerism is the perfection And that's why Francis Fukoyama thinks that consumerism is the end of history because it is a system that achieves what the elites want and the masses are unwilling and unable to protest and rebel. Okay, does that make sense? It's a perfect system.

  Top Comments:
  1. @snickerdoodle1 [21000 likes]: “I buy, therefore I am.”👌
  2. @tengo_ganas_de_llorar: Thank you Prof. Jiang. Do you recommend any book(s) on this topic?
  3. @josephthibeault9919: Debt is slavery.
  4. @DeciduousDiscipline: “Great idea. Wrong species.” EO Wilson
  5. @kapikappi1559: I love working in my WFH pointless capitalist job while listening to Prof Jiang about Consumerism
  6. @StaticSomnio: China and Russia = State Capitalism.

this guy is an idiot
  7. @janayadams6303: Yap, I was telling my friend that this situation is frustrating because one of the answers to our questions is right in front of our face…ourselves 

When people are asking “what do we do? What do we do?!”

Well…the first step would be stop consuming so much !
  8. @stznley69: its funny how academics tend to live in a reality of their own
  9. @stznley69: i shall not eat today then
  10. @samuelkuma5752: I never thought about our society like this. The more I think about it, the more I realise how true it is. We are literally waisting our life to get things that don't mean so much to us by themselves but we chase them because someone somewhere decided it's "cool" or it is the way to be.
Thanks for this perspective.
  11. @wanderingsoul2909: Watch ! YouTube censors will ban this as radical, hate provoking and anti-society propaganda 😮
  12. @AnnieMWP: woooooowwwwwww. thank you now i can do better content
  13. @niggardlylad2008: Hey professor, what is your opinion on mayli aka amelia wang?
  14. @SweetiePie-ze2oe: i really liked the approach of this video of explaining how we are categorized as consumers instead of workers, or even as human beings. everytime i search about anti-consumerism, all i see are books about avoiding over spending, but i don't want to hear about that, i want to understand better what are the mechanisms used to turn me into the consumer and how they colonize my mind, instead of focusing on my wallet and reading a book about how minimalism is "owning less stuff". anyone got any recommendations for me?
  15. @MichaelMok-yk9dc: Money actually creates value though...Think of money as resources, which can be transformed into consumer goods or capital goods, contributes to productions just like what labors do.
  16. @lucym0317: The answers yes okay...are you like this?yes you are like this okay... dammit :/
  17. @Deliberateleo: lol, I missed the line where we all got a million dollars. Can someone tell me who I need to talk to?
  18. @kevinnielsen1356: To consume means to use up, ingest, or completely destroy a resource or substance. Knowledge without wisdom is a sure path to oblivion.
  19. @shmiganesque: What are ACTIONABLE steps each of us can do? The number one thing that comes to mind will always be mutual aid, taking care of each other, helping your neighbors and community. Trying to escape the hell that is capitalism by going off-grid (which will usually take a good amount of privilege) or playing the game and trying to get your piece of the pie both won't solve the problems. It's super blurry and confusing and not always rewarding, but I think we gotta muddle through, accept the pain, and just keep helping one another as best as we can. I'd be interested in what other things people think are essential to collectively lift us out of the hole we dug.
  20. @rumabhadikar4220: So competition will always keep us stuck in this loop. And the countries who have AI would want that gap to create with those who don't have AI and use them as their slave countries. Maybe that's why they don't want to unite and bring everybody on the same page.  Makes no sense. Let them compete till the end and let the war kill is all. If that's what humans want. 🙄😒

- Materialism and Consumerism: The Ultimate Scam: Kind: captions Language: en here's the thing we all know the exhilaration of a shopping spree or the excitement of unboxing a shiny new Gadget consumerism is like that little voice in our heads saying bye bye bye it's that NeverEnding desire for more stuff materialism on the other hand is the belief that these material possessions hold the key to our happiness identity and social status now let's talk money consumerism can put us in a bit of a financial pickle it's like a debt trap waiting to insn a the unsuspecting Shopper we buy things we can't afford to maintain a certain lifestyle or keep up with societal expectations but guess what that fancy car those designer clothes or that lavish vacation come at a cost a high cost but that's not all consumerism also blinds us to something important opportunity costs every dollar we spend on non-essential items is a missed opportunity to save invest or improve our financial well-being imagine this instead of splurging on that shiny new Gadget you could have instead started a savings account invested in your education or built up an emergency fund those are the true costs beneath the glittery facade of consumerism ever heard of honic adaption it's the psychological phenomenon where we quickly adapt to new material possessions imagine the excitement of unboxing a brand new phone it's like wow this is amazing but guess what that initial Joy eventually wears off and we're back onto the hamster wheel seeking the next fix of Happiness through yet another purchase consumerism fuels The NeverEnding game of social comparison thanks to social media and advertising we're bombarded with images of perfect lives and shiny possessions and when we don't measure up it can seriously impact our self-esteem scrolling through Instagram or Facebook we see influencers sipping cocktails on exotic beaches or posing with luxury goods and we start doubting our own wor we fall into the Trap of believing that material possessions Define us here's the truth they don't so how do we escape this never ending cycle it's time to practice some mindful consumption being mindful means questioning whether an item we buy aligns with our values needs and long-term goals by practicing mindful consumption we can break free from the grasp of consumerism and focus on what genuinely brings us joy and fulfillment but that's not all Empower yourself with financial literacy understanding personal finance helps us make more informed decisions set realistic goals and prioritize spending based on what truly matters to us

  Top Comments:
  1. @IllustratedFinance [2 likes]: This is quite an old video now and I've changed up my style quite a bit. Please check out my latest stuff!
  2. @alank808 [2 likes]: You come to a time in life where you weigh spending vs savings. At older age with all things paid for and you have a nice reserve invested you can afford to splurge some if you wish. One size doesn`t fit all. Same rules apply in all phases of life. Moderation is the key.
  3. @MrGmilton [2 likes]: Bought a used 997 Porsche for around 28k over 10 years ago, long paid off and enjoy it even more as time goes on. There are some things that bring value to your life, however my finances were in good order and I’m not fickle, it’s when people keep buying newer stuff to keep that dopamine flowing where the trouble starts. Cheers👍
  4. @martinporridge8109 [2 likes]: Beautifully animated. Keep it up!
  5. @naturesunshine16 [1 likes]: Things dont make you happy just put you in debt.
  6. @WitchcraftOverGod [1 likes]: I should invest in my education
  7. @masquereseau5635 [1 likes]: I'm doing just that and quickly becoming an example of the "Millionaire Next Door" effect. Should happen when I'm 35. Can you imagine that. I drive a 2010 car valued at 4000$ and live in a 1 bedroom apartment. I cook 98% of my meals or at least cooked by someone else (free). Bam. there you goo
  8. @dnxiiee [1 likes]: Amazing portrayal of the damage that goes on. It also creates a false sense of satisfaction, makes us create a false identity we think we need to mirror, but it only deteriorates our life furthermore and keeps us lost.
  9. @benedictjoseph3832 [1 likes]: This is true.. i bought an expensive home decor recently and that initial joy i had a month ago..is no more..its just faded. Its just sitting there occupying the home space.
  10. @checkdown3774 [1 likes]: That opportunity cost keeps investors up all night.

- How Consumerism Ruins Your Social and Financial Life: Kind: captions Language: en I low-key feel like banging my head into a wall. >> I am in 5 figures worth of debt. We started at 63,000. We are now at 58,000. Do you ever feel like consumerism is ruining your life? You can't quite place why, but does it ever feel like our world of junk purchases, inescapable ads, and constant overspending is taking a toll on you. Maybe you feel emptier, more jaded, more unfulfilled, and you're starting to suspect it might be our world of overconumption to blame. If this is you, I promise you, you are not alone. I just want to spend money. I just really want to spend so much money. >> A famous quote I love goes, "The things you own end up owning you." And the data appears to back this up. For one, around half of Americans carry credit card debt, which research suggests can be detrimental for mental health, which makes sense. Carrying around predatory debt because you want to buy every new item that you come across is a formula for misery. On top of that, a 2024 survey found that half of all Americans think at least one room in their home has way too much stuff to the point where they believe the room is completely unsalvageable. Imagine that a room with so much clutter, so many relics of overconumption that we are ready to give up on the whole space. As if that isn't bad enough already, what makes this even worse is that half of those Americans who feel cramped in their space because of having too much stuff feel that way within one year of moving into the space. So you buy a new house or you change apartments usually to have more room and within one year you have already bought and collected so many products that you are now uncomfortable in that very space. While this might be normalized, it absolutely is not healthy. Our behavior here reminds me a lot of the hoarders episodes that A&E used to show on TV. And yeah, that might sound extreme because hoarding disorder is a legitimate issue that not everyone has. And yet, even those of us who don't have an official mental health condition likely have strong similarities with hoarding patterns, such as using consumption as a way to process emotions or becoming very attached to physical objects, even when our lifestyles suffer. My house now has gotten [music] very cluttered over the last 5 years, 6 years since my daughter moved out and went to college. [music] One day it was like I just kind of blinked and it was like gosh where did all this come from? In that clip, Linda is an official hoarder, but we see hints at what provokes her into that state. Isolation, depression, unfulfillment, which interestingly overconumption and hoarding only make worse. In just a bit, we'll talk about how consumerism affects one's social life. In particular, how it becomes a vicious self-fulfilling cycle. Fortunately though, I think we're in this really unique point in the last few years where conversations about the negative impacts of hyperconumption are finally taking place and we need this to happen more because our relationship to consumerism affects our lives deeply. Yes, obviously the environment suffers when we don't choose conscious consumption, but so does our social and financial lives. We make ourselves lonier, sadder, poorer, more exhausted and financially stressed out when we let consumerism dictate our lives. One thing about me is I'm going to spend $350 when I'm sad. I'm going to go to the mall and I'm going to spend money because at the end of the day when you're feeling sad and you buy random things that you probably don't need, it does feel good because my heart feels like it's on the floor. It's shattered into a million pieces. So, you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to spend the money that I work every single day, every single second for. Um, and I'm going to spend it because what else am I supposed to Let's dive back into the social aspect part because we are living in a world that is increasingly isolated and lonely. We are obsessed with individualism over collectivism. Meaning we treat connection like this solo project instead of a shared experience. And consumerism jumps in to sell us substitutes for the community that we no longer feel anchored in. Now, in a second, I'll talk about the autopilot way that we too often spend money and how we use consumerism as a way to form identity. But before that, let's talk about today's sponsor, Delete Me, which helps you protect your online identity and data from all the creeps, scammers, and nosy people in your life. Now, Delete Me is for sure one of my all-time favorite sponsors on this channel because their service has been so so invaluable to me. Before using Delete Me, you could Google my name and find out so much information about where I used to live, my parents' names, my phone number, my email addresses, all this deeply personal data that I do not want on the internet. Even if I wasn't a public figure, just being a woman and having people easily find my address is really disturbing. If you look up yourself, you'll probably be disturbed too by how much information you can find because your personal data is constantly being stored and sold by data brokers online. But luckily, Delete Me offers a way to scrape that information off of the internet. Their experts identify and remove your personal info, and every quarter, you'll receive a privacy report showing you what sources have been scrubbed. Delete Me is genuinely an incredible service to get if you care at all about online privacy and safety. It also makes a really great gift for anyone in your life who you want to better protect online. And right now you can get 20% off using my discount code cara c a r a at joinddeme.com/cara which I'll also link down below. Go check out deleteme today. And thank you so so much to delete me for sponsoring today's video. All right, so consumerism and identity here is what I think is happening. See, identity formation is an incredibly important part of one's self-concept and self-esteem. How we perceive ourselves influences all the stories that we tell ourselves. Whether we are a good character or bad character, whether things work out for us, how do we show up for others, where do we belong, I'm selfish, I'm kind, I'm not good enough. >> These are important questions that identity helps us understand. And that identity is fluid, right? It's influenced by lots of factors from your social connections to your daily interactions, your culture, your genes, the inner work you've done, your geography. But it can also be influenced by what we consume, the books we read, the movies we watch, the products that we buy. The thing is though, not all consumption is equal. This is why I often say in my videos that I don't think consumerism itself is inherently problematic because we all have to consume and I think some forms of consumption are better than others. Buying books in a cozy blanket that you'll use for the next decade are way better forms of consumption than the last minute salad washer that you bought and never used or the fifth Stanley cup in your collection. I think of it this way. There are lazy and cheap forms of consumption out there just like there are lazy and cheap calories and foods. And yes, in moderation, maybe some cheap calories or cheap consumption can be okay, but we should not survive on a diet of that. We are going to wreck our health. Examples of cheap consumption are things like impulsively buying clothes or trinkets online when you're stressed or using shopping as a main way to hang out with your friends or only watching quick dopamine inducing Tik Toks. They are all things where our mind kind of shuts off. We let ourselves get lulled into this zombie state where we spend money to feel something or just pass the time. And that is not a healthy relationship with consumerism. What we should aim for instead is conscious consumption. It's being intentional about where we spend our money and our time and better yet trying our best to create more than we consume. But how does this all relate to identity and the way that consumerism impacts our social lives? Essentially, consumerism becomes this fake way to form identity. We buy things to define ourselves rather than doing the harder work of actually becoming a real multi-dimensional person. A lot of subcultures deal with this exact problem. Like if you're a huge Star Wars fan, you might define yourself strongly by that relationship. And so you buy the merch, you watch the movies, you get tickets [music] to the Comic-Cons, you buy tons of figurines and have a collection of Lego Star Wars memorabilia. If you go far enough with it, you can unintentionally outsource your personality and identity to these various forms of consumerism. >> From Japan, here is an R2 D2 Pepsicola dispenser. Same thing with Disney adults or obsessed sports fans. You end up finding community, a value system, and a sense of self through consuming products and media. Again, not a terrible thing in moderation, but if you let that consumerist relationship go too far, it starts holding the reigns of your life. It starts becoming the biggest definer of who you are to yourself and to others. And that is a bad place to be for your social life and well-being. And the reason it's bad is not obvious at first because people who love shopping or buying into franchises can be very happy people, no doubt. But I think of it like the story of the three little pigs and the big bad wolf. Stay with me here. If you remember the story, each pig builds a house with varying degrees of strength. One with straw, one with sticks, one with bricks. And the big bad wolf is able to blow the first two houses down, but can't blow the one with bricks down because it had a strong foundation. Our identities are the same way and we need to invest in strengthening them so that we can't be blown down by the big bad wolf, aka hardships, life, all that jazz. Consumerism is like an accessory on those identity houses. It's a nice wallpaper. It can add some sparkle to your place, but you do not want to rely on a house made of wallpaper to keep you steady. Unfortunately though, some people mistaken consumerism or spending money as the main way to form identity. And so they end up with a straw house covered head to toe with wallpaper that looks like brick. On the outside, you appear to have a solid exterior, something identical to a real brick house, but in reality, it is all a facade. So when the wolf, aka life, blows your way, your identity house is going to quickly crumble because those wallpaper walls cannot truly fortify you. You need more than that to be steady and strong in your identity. That being said, wallpaper can still be a great way to build a home if you have a strong foundation beyond that. And in that same way, consumerism can be used to build a strong identity and social life if you use it as a strategic tool. For example, buying crafts and foods for your friends to host a party where you bring people together. Spending money on arcade tickets to do laser tag with your cousins. Buying flowers or sweet treats to drop off with your neighbors. These are all tangible ways that we can use consumerism to expand our social lives, to intentionally create rather than just consume. It's very different than the passive consumption we tend to fall into, like watching Netflix every night or online shopping after work. Those kinds of passive consumerist habits are isolating. We lose social connection every time we do them, and our relationships suffer. And it's not just our relationships that suffer when we don't build a healthy relationship to consumerism. Our financial lives also suffer because consumerism usually involves spending money. And the more that you cannot control your consumer habits, the less financially stable you are going to be. Let's do a monthly spending recap. Monthly shopping total for June was $1,000. So, if you want to get a handle on your financial future, and you should because doing so will make you less stressed and more able to live your dream life, then you need to get a handle on your spending. People do not realize until they start tracking their spending how much money they are bleeding out on a monthly basis. In this article about no by July, which was a month-long spending challenge people did over the summer, money expert Andrew Locon said, quote, "Based on what I've seen with my clients, most people underestimate their discretionary spending by about 40%." There's a cognitive dissonance that's so easy to fall into when it comes to our spending habits, especially nowadays with credit cards, buy now pay later plans, tap to pay, one-click checkouts. [music] The process of having money leave your bank account is more seamless than ever. And that, plus our tendency to ignore uncomfortable realities makes it so that consumerism easily sneaks up on your finances. Your budget becomes a suggestion more than a boundary. And that is a really dangerous place to be because that is when we start living above our means. It's why so many people find themselves sinking into debt or constantly feeling like they are behind financially and thus unable to follow through on financial goals. >> How much do you spend a week on your credit card? >> Oh, 1,500. >> And you don't blink at that? >> Not at all. Nothing. >> It's a lot of money. >> It's all right. It's happiness. Don't look at the price. Really, if you love it, you love it. That's it. Get it. Don't have hesitations about it. don't have second thoughts. >> Well, whack it on the card. >> Yeah. And pay it [laughter and clears throat] off later. It's like a take home layby. >> The interesting thing about financial goals, specifically the longer term goals that set you up for financial freedom, is that they can feel especially abstract and honestly boring to pursue in the face of unchecked consumerism. What I mean by that is think about whether you would rather have a new iPhone 17 in your hand right now or financial freedom in 25 years. Now, maybe this is not the audience to ask that question to because you guys are watching my videos and all we talk about on this channel is being smart with your money. But I feel like a lot of people out there would rather have that instant gratification of the iPhone right now because it feels tangible. It's something that you get now. For many people, shopping is entertainment. It's therapy, identity, a way to feel wealthier than you actually are. And so, longerterm financial goals like retirement or a house down payment feel boring in comparison. I know that's terrible to say, but hey, our dopamine receptors love some instant gratification. So, bottom line here is that if you are not intentional about your version of consumerism, it can end up derailing you from the things that actually build wealth. Investing, saving, paying off debt, building an emergency fund, or even just giving yourself breathing room from financial stress. That's how people get stuck in the I make decent money, but I have nothing to show for it cycle. What do you think about all this? Have you seen consumerism ruin your social and financial life or the life of someone you know? Let me know your thoughts and experience in the comments down below. And if you like this video, go watch my video about how impulse shopping keeps you poor. I posted that one recently. I think you'll really like that. Thank you so much to my patrons on Patreon for supporting this channel. Thank you guys so so much for watching. Let me know what you want to see next and I will see you next time. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thefinancialfreedomgirl [14 likes]: Thank you for watching! Use code “CARA” at https://joindeleteme.com/cara if you’re interested in getting your own detailed report and having your personal information stay private!
  2. @theVoid524 [1 likes]: 0:44 this totally and thoroughly ruined my life. I won't be financially stable again until I'm 40
  3. @SleepyMamaXx [1 likes]: Before I was a drug addict, I was a shopping addict. Then I got sober when I went to prison and found out I was 6 weeks pregnant. I had him in December 2019... I would say in the summer of 2020, my shopping addiction came back full force bc now they had things like Klarna and Afterpay. I'm paying off $12,000 now bc I did credit consolidation in the summer of 2025. In about 7 months we've paid off 3 credit cards. It'll take roughly 4 years to pay off everything but I cannot wait! Credit consolidation is better than filing bankruptcy too, imo.
  4. @SleepyMamaXx [1 likes]: The other day I saw a girl arguing FOR debt bc "we're going to die some day" 🙄
  5. @Iusedtobeatree: I'm sorry, are you saying "the big bad woof"?
  6. @jennifert3436: Part of the void is caused by the lack of good movies and music. Growing up, I couldn't wait for new songs to come out. I used to spend tons of money on LPs, cassettes, etc. I looked forward to seeing movies and reading about my favorite stars. Now there is nothing except streaming. It isolates you. There are no great songs to be excited about or movies that make you a fan. All of it is just recycled junk, sequels, etc. We forget how good music used to be, it made us happy with no side effects. Now we buy in order to feel something because nothing else is out there.
  7. @wolfhawk1999: "The things you own end up owning you" is a quote from Fight Club. Welcome, if this is your first night, you have to fight...
  8. @MrPeanutButter1211: this is so insightful, you are so articulate with your thoughts that even the simple sentences "speak" to me and woke me up with the realities of what's going on with our society today. i am a chronic online shopper, so im really letting go of my old toxic spending habits and rewiring my mindset. it needs a lot of inner work and reflection that i realize i just buy and hoard things because i crave the identity im desperately looking for. thank you so much for this, i hope to see more content like this and advices along the way, thank you thank you 💗💗
  9. @gulnarayun: You guys, I love decluttering. If you have a room so full of stuff it is "unsalvageable", count me in, I'm your gal. Many things can be sold on e-bay so you also can make a profit from "unsalvageability".
  10. @Slim_Chiply: Owning stuff is a burden.
  11. @hybby: Good stuff.
But... 'woof' instead of 'wolf'?  Sounds like the 'L' is missing from 'wolf'. 🙂
  12. @PlayboyRainbow: My favorite fight club quote. The rest of it goes “it’s only after you lose everything that you’re free to do anything.”
  13. @theblackphantomhd: I hate having stuff for no reason. My mom had stuff everywhere in the house, she was a reseller, but she kept buying even though things weren't selling. Now I developed the idea that if I dont use it or have space for it, then it is gone, I don't care if I have to give it away for free.
  14. @annaclarke7643: That woman lying on her bed stating that she wants to spend ‘loads and loads of money’ needs some mental health support. Same goes for anyone else who identifies with her. Spending money you don’t have is a most miserable place to be and it’s the same even for those who do have money to spend. There’s a New Year around the corner. Time to assess one’s financial situation and change of situation.
  15. @christinawynkoop4027: Dang!  I'm a minimalist and I can't really relate. How do people live with too much and a mess??!!
  16. @lavaleminor: I’m debt free with little items I our
  17. @thebobbygunn: Labubu
  18. @themozARTgroupie: I genuinely love how you explain things with respect to the affected people and smart metaphors. I wouldn't call myself an impulse buyer, but I am a collector - and while yes, sometimes I have to watch out so that one does not become the other, but the bit you said about letting it define your personality too much? Made my jaw dropped a bit I won't lie. Because I am rather proud of all my collections, and frequently talk to my friends (usually also fans of [thing]) about them. I've never thought of that as a bad thing - being known as The Collector (TM) - but you are right, it definitely should not become too much of my personality. Slippery slope and all that.
[Still I feel the need to point out that many of my collections are non-physical and cost little to no money - but then, some very much are physical and are costing very real money, so yes, budgeting is my best friend :''D]
  19. @Commander.Starfleet: The midwest doesn't read the Big bad wolf.  They build their homes from wood and it gets blown away by the wolf (tornadoes)
  20. @urmom4804: thank you for reminding me that mindlessly scrolling tiktok is still consumption !!

- No ethical consumption, investing, or having money under capitalism???: Kind: captions Language: en do you feel forced to participate in our harmful extractive capitalist system as a result you feel compromised frustrated and fed up it's not possible to completely extricate yourself from the infinite growth economy there are however things you can do to minimize your participation in it that bring about the change you want to see in the world like by engaging in the gift economy by starting a local time bank by nothing group or offers a needs Market reduce your consumption of things and en energy the less you consume the less you support the system redefine rich I created this space with free materials and life feels truly decadent when I get to spend time here find ways off Wall Street to build Financial resilience by investing in people businesses and projects that solve our major social and environmental challenges instead of causing them and if you are investing in the stock market connect with organizations like as youo to flex your shareholder advocacy muscle how are you maintaining your personal integrity and Sanity as you navigate our late stage capitalism meltdown I may not look subversive but I'm a threat to capitalism how's that you may ask well it's because I invest in cooperatively own businesses instead of Wall Street and meet many of my needs without money I carry no debt so companies aren't getting rich off of me plus I coach others to do the same are you conflicted about investing and building Financial resilience because doing so can perpetuate our environmental and Social Challenges you probably didn't know that you can make investments off Wall Street that put your money to work addressing those same challenges for example by investing in Cote your money can serve the needs of marginalized communities or lend money through Steward to regenerative Farmers or invest in cooperatives and other socially responsible businesses through the katua impact fund and if you want to learn more about investing in the Life serving instead of the life pleading economy go to my website richand resilient living.com to get my regenerative investing guide I bet that you've noticed it too that capitalism thrives when we the people don't how the unhappier we are the more we spend on retail therapy the sicker we are the more we spend on Pharmaceuticals the more tired and overwhelmed we feel the more we spend on convenience and the more isolated we are the more we spend on things in general because we don't have a strong social Network to borrow from or share with or to support us the beautiful magical powerful irony of it all is that the less we do to live according to capitalism's Narrative of hustle culture consumerism and success the better prepared we are to thrive in the face of it and it turns out the less we do to uphold capitalism the more resilient we become as well in the face of economic upheaval and climate change I've found the more I've been able to reclaim my life from capitalism ISM and release its chalk hold on my thinking the Richer my life has become that's meant getting clear on what a truly wealthy life looks like to me embracing non-conformity unleashing my creativity resourcefulness and Imagination and earning spending investing and managing my money in ways that benefit people in Planet and not greedy corporations and CEOs what about you how are you finding ways to flourish despite capitalism

  Top Comments:
  1. @lauraoldanie [1 likes]: How are you navigating capitalism (and climate change) with your dignity, conscious, health, & money intact?

- The impact of an individual appearance and socioeconomic status on judgment of their mental health: Kind: captions Language: en hello my name is Axel K and today with my colleague marus we will present uh the result of our research on the impact of an individual's physical appearance and social economic status on Judgment of their mental health this presentation is toward M Sean Maron teacher of pych 3525 um to start our presentation we'll start with the introduction uh the background um based on the research that we did the key findings that we had was that the individual are perceived as more attractive um are also seen as ere um regarding the social economic status are your social economic status often associate with greater perceive competence and intelligence and the theoretical application will be that the previous research supports that what beautiful is good uh the I like allow effect and the tigate the indicate that class B bias significant significantly and F perception of individual mental health capabilities um to answer to our study Focus about the impact of perceive physical attractiveness and social economic status we will use a 2 by two within subject design to explore both additive and interactive effects of attractiveness and social economic status and mental health perception um regarding the hypothesis um regarding our question we have three hypothesis the first one is are person attractiveness will be independently associated with better mental health the second one is that a higher social economic status will independently predict better mental health perception and the third one is that there is no there will be no significant interaction between perceived attractiveness and social economic stus the justification for our uh study is based on the empirical evidence from previous research we suggest that both attractiveness and so social economic status significantly but separately inflence social outcome including percept wellbeing and the study methodology allow for manipulation of visual and social economic cues to assess the effect on pive tress and wellbeing through a larer scale and the potential impact is aim to clarify effect on societal perception on psychological evaluation and contri to develop it to develop strategies for mitigating bias impact on psychological assessments now I will let Maria talk about the methods we had a sample of 95 participants after prescreening for completeness among these 19 did not meet at least one of the four exclusion criteria therefore our final sample had 76 participants age from 19 to 76 years old with a majority identifying as female we use convenient sampling by recruiting friends and family via direct message and our social media next we look at our independent variable attractiveness we used 12 photos of white females with neutral facial expression from the Chicago faces database these photos had already been rated for attractiveness on a previous experiment six photos with an attractiveness scores of six or above served as stimul for the more attractive level and six photos of a score of two or below as stimul for the less attractive level next we look look at the independent variable socio economic status regenerated profiles consisting of initials date of birth gender address and annual income to manipulate the social economic status of the white females we set the range of annual income for the low SCS condition from 20,000 to $28,000 and 90,000 to $98,000 for the high SCS condition these numbers were based on 2021 us data each photo was randomly paired with high and low SCS profiles and equal number of times to create four versions of the questionnaire participants were randomly assigned to one version of the questionnaire via C Trix next we'll look at the experiment the experiment consisted of four questions per profile as seen on the slide we included free camouflage questions as a form of deception to collect our dependent variable data participants were asked to provide their first impression of the individual's quality of mental health on a Sixpoint LED scale two attention check questions were embedded in the questionna to determine if participants were reading carefully prior to rating the last set of questions included demographic questions namely the participants gender age and exclusion criteria questions to determine which data to include in our final sample next we'll look at the results we use an average rating of Mental Health Quality calculated from free scores per condition for each participant descriptive statistics can be seen in the table and now for the analysis we conducted a two-way Anova repeated measures NOA with the standard P value of 05 we use just to complete all statistical analysis and compute partial AA Square to report effect sizes our data supports our hypothesis on the main effect of attractiveness and socioeconomic status on Judgment of Mental Health Quality we found a large and significant effect of the attractiveness where more attractive individuals had higher ratings of mental Health Quality than less attractive individuals we also found a large and significant effect of socioeconomic status where High SCS profiles had higher ratings of Mental Health Quality than low SCS profiles however our data did not support our hypothesis on the interaction of attractiveness and SCS on Judgment of mental qu Health Quality there was a small but nonsignificant interaction between a R activeness and socioeconomic status next AEL will go over the discussion regarding the comparison with the previous research our study is consistent with the study of Lorenzo um and to and cabesa and regarding the attractiveness led by the Alo effect it's aled with the fighting uh from Adler and Sh it's SN sorry and Shar and ster where are your SCS um in in C perception of mental stability and competence the implication for the theory and practice is our study to support and expand the what is beautiful is good stereotype to mental health perceptions um it highlight the need for healthcare professionals to be aware and actively Med meditate um attractiveness and social economic status biases in their assessments um our study though will will raise a future research question that will be how do these biases vary across different cultures or demographic groups finally the answer to the research question will be U both status independently improve perceptions of mental health without interacting indicating that biases associated with each can additively and fance assessment we we discovered to that uh our two of our predictions so hypothesis was confirmed the first one and the second one regarding the high attractiveness associated with better mental Heth perception and the I social economic status correlate with more favorable mental he evaluation our sty impact and contribution will be that it will enhance the Fest um in mental health assessment promote a more inclusive approach to healthare and contribute um to theory development by providing opal support for theories regarding social perception B asses thank you very much for listening to us and thank you thank you have a good day

- Unconscious bias: Stereotypical hiring practices. | Gail Tolstoi-Miller | TEDxLincolnSquare: Kind: captions Language: en Do you know the average time it takes a recruiter to review your resume? 6 seconds. That's it. We spend 30 times longer microwaving popcorn. Now, I'm sure most of you have not gotten a job and wondered why. Well, the real reason may surprise you and it may also surprise the people that are making the decision as well. Now, research has suggested that we are actually bombarded with 11 million pieces of information at any given time. But we can only handle 40. So, our brain creates shortcuts so we can make decisions quickly without overwhelm. But this creates bias that we're unaware of. Known as unconscious bias. Now, I think when most of us think about bias, we think about the typical, right? Race, age, gender. But what about the not-so-obvious? The kind of things we don't discuss. The kind of thing that maybe will shock you. The kind of thing that will make the difference between your resume going in the yes or no pile. I'm a recruiter and a career coach. And a couple years ago I interviewed an amazing candidate, an absolute star. And I thought for sure she would get the job. But it didn't happen. So, obviously I asked the hiring manager, you know, why didn't you hire this candidate? And this is what she said. I can't quite put my finger on it. It's just a gut feeling I have. Oh, boy. I knew there was trouble. Then she said Did you notice her white pumps? You don't wear white pumps after Labor Day. And then I said, "Oh, I never got the corporate memo on that one. Sorry." Um but her beliefs and judgments were so strong about wearing white pumps after Labor Day that it actually distracted her, believe it or not, from properly assessing the candidate and her accomplishments. This wasn't a conscious decision but an unconscious one. So, I've reviewed probably over a million resumes in my career. And let me tell you every single detail of your resume, not including your skills, can be a deciding factor in whether you go in the yes or the no pile. Okay. So, a mailing address indicates a long commute or undesirable location could put you in the no. An email address such as crazymom666 can put you in the no. I'm not one of those. Um Even a reputable college such as Indiana University can be perceived as not a pedigree school by some. Guess what? I just put Mark Cuban in the no pile. And that's not all. Recruiters, some recruiters, will do a social media investigation on you. Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, you name it, the list goes on and on and nothing is private. Any information that they see can be used against you and put you in the no pile. A Facebook picture of you drunk at a party puts you in the no. A stay-at-home dad who's perceived as lazy wanting to return to the workforce. Or that political tweet that doesn't quite agree with the recruiter can easily put you in the no. Then we've got the next step. Oh, this is my favorite. The phone interview. There can't be any judgment with the phone interview. It's like the show The Voice for hiring. There can't be any judgment because they can't see your body language or your appearance. Wrong. There can be unconscious bias based on your tone, pitch, and accent. All of that can put you in the no pile based on the recruiter's perception. And then we're at the final step. The in-person interview. Appearances count. Tattoos would have put FDR and Thomas Edison in the no. Crazy hair puts Albert Einstein in the no. She's blonde, bimbo. Sorry, Marissa Mayer, you go in the no. And then we've got two great candidates, Bill and Chang, both going for the same IT job. But we know Asians are better with technology. We just put a young Bill Gates in the no pile. 20 years. 20 years of this unconscious bias really drained me. It really made me feel that maybe I didn't belong in recruiting anymore. So, when I was 20 years old I was, believe it or not, a gothed-out NYU student. Wrongly perceived and judged by my appearance and my so-what attitude. I knew what it felt like to be misunderstood. Maybe I did need to leave recruiting and get out. But that was not the answer. So, I needed to dig deep and do some self-awareness. So, I did a recruiting audit on myself and it did take a couple of months. Did I in fact have unconscious bias? And the brutal discovery I did have unconscious bias. We all have unconscious bias all the time. It's not just in corporate America. It's everywhere. It's in our schools, dating, politics, media, judicial system. Why? Because our fears help shape our decisions. Fear of making a mistake of not belonging of losing our job or of change itself. So, we make decisions that make us feel safe. But every single day we're making hiring mistakes because we don't see things as they are but as who we are. I knew there was no way out of this. No way out. But I needed to stay in a profession that I loved. And that's what I did. So, I needed to research the heck out of unconscious bias and do everything possible to prevent it. So, I dug deep in self-awareness and let me tell you that's a little scary. Um I wrote down my assumptions, judgments, uh perceptions, and I had a huge discovery. I don't like bright red polka-dot dresses. I unconsciously put a candidate in the no pile for wearing it and that's embarrassing. I also took Harvard's online Implicit Association Test to lever to measure my level of bias. But I had an amazing discovery. I started to challenge myself and the hiring managers with two simple words. Two words that had the most impact on unraveling unconscious bias. Two words that I used a lot as a goth chick from Jersey. So, what? So, what if the candidate has an hour commute and is more than willing to do so? Just because the former employee quit doesn't mean the next candidate will. So, what if the candidate was drunk at a party? One Facebook picture doesn't mean they're going to be drinking on the job. And so, what if they've been out of work for 6 months? There could be a really good reason for it. Asking yourself so, what? It's a pause. It's a self-check. It helps you remove your emotional clutter. It helps you return to the conscious. It also helps you focus on what is important by questioning the facts and judgments that you use to make decisions. Look, it's inevitable. It's inevitable that we will all be wrongly judged and perceived by someone else's unconscious bias. And at times it's worth defending and in other times it's a big so, what? Likewise, we will wrongly judge and perceive others by our own unconscious bias. And now we know how to keep it in check by asking ourselves so, what? After all, our individual differences and similarities help build our collective strength. Okay, so now imagine when I first walked on stage, I'm now wearing a bright red white polka dot dress, purple hair, I'm wearing those white lovely pumps, and tattoos. So what? Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @isatousarr7044 [2 likes]: Unconscious bias and stereotypical hiring practices are significant barriers to achieving fairness and diversity in the workplace. When decisions are influenced by preconceived notions or stereotypes, the recruitment process becomes exclusionary, often overlooking talented individuals who don't fit certain biased expectations. This not only denies opportunities to deserving candidates but also limits an organization's potential to grow and innovate.  

To counter these issues, it's crucial to implement objective hiring practices that focus on merit, character, and performance. Structured interviews, blind resume screening, and diversity training for hiring teams can help mitigate unconscious biases. By fostering an inclusive recruitment process, organizations can attract and retain a diverse range of talent, creating a more equitable and dynamic workforce.  

Breaking free from stereotypical hiring practices isn't just a moral responsibility it’s a strategic advantage in building a workplace that thrives on different perspectives, experiences, and ideas.
  2. @ambhpb [1 likes]: If you can say to yourself "so what", then its not unconscious bias. That's what makes unconscious bias so dangerous, you don't know you have it, so you can't recognize it and you can't ask yourself, "so what". It sounds nice to boil your fix down to 2 words, but the reality is, uncovering these biases takes an enormous amount of time and introspection. Taking implicit association tests for a wide variety of characteristics will help uncover these. My opinion, if you are already at the "so what" phase, you have already done 90% of the work by becoming conscious of your unconscious biases.
  3. @kavitarao2942: Loved it !
  4. @SMD24: It's sad that there's a civil war of hiring and a competition vs my antisocial cousin up north and the situational tragedy were one an the same in a nutshell only she just didn't experience by being around ghetto thugs since her life is dealing with ancient folks/potential. So in a situation who do you pick, either me who has been through alot/kinda troubled because of my ghetto surroundings or the lucky one that dealt with ancient folks and not troubled
  5. @tim9778: And how about the people who didn’t get your job? Who cares about them right?
  6. @tim9778: Have you considered that a reason you didn’t get a job was that( shock horror!) THE OTHER PERSON WAS BETTER!
  7. @I-am-Rosalina: The HR people are some of the most shallow and jelous b*ches.
  8. @synergyenglishbrazil: Too bad we don't live in a perfect world. Where will we get the angels you expect? Biases are not always negative.
  9. @robertgarrett2873: Llegue a esta basura solo por un estupido curso DEI que me obligan a ver, tome el curso solo para reforzar mi posicion acerca de lo estupida que es esa ideologia.
  10. @joelarvizo: I do have inconsious bias...and this help me to realize it. I will need to work on getting rid of this behaivor. SO WHAT???? great mantra!!!
  11. @PhucBoiPhil: IDC I still hire Indians for IT lol
  12. @Strawman36: My gut feelings are important god damn it. Just because some people make bad choices based on gut feelings doesn't mean that all people make bad choices based on gut feelings. I am god damn sick of people telling me to stop listening to my gut and then try to talk me into nonsense. 

“In sum, do not insult me with the beheadings, finger choppings or the lung-deflations you plan for my works. I need my head to shake or nod, my hand to wave or make into a fist, my lungs to shout or whisper with. I will not go gently onto a shelf, degutted, to become a non-book. All you umpires, back to the bleachers. Referees hit the showers. It's my game. I pitch. I hit. I catch. I run the bases. At sunset I've won or lost. At sunrise, I'm out again, giving it the old try. And no one can help me. Not even you.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451
  13. @naveenyeddula8133: Brilliant .... "So... What" what a step way and way to think .. Awesome thinking,....
  14. @anahitbaghdasaryan5067: When hiring/accepting people, unconscious biases can destroy their confidence, their motivation and self esteem.  Talented individuals may hesitate to apply for positions they are qualified for, fearing rejection based on factors unrelated to their skills or qualifications. Even if they are hired, the lingering doubt stemming from perceived bias can hinder their performance and sense of belonging within the organization. Moreover, unconscious biases impede efforts to build diverse and inclusive teams. This may not only occur in workplaces but in teambuilding processes anywhere. People tend to judge others positively or negatively based on their own values or interests without even getting to know these people. I feel like the biggest challenge of avoiding unconscious biases is that even if we realize them, we may not want to change them as it may fulfill our values. If a person rejects someone with a tattoo then realizes that it was just an unconscious bias  may not change their decision. A person may realize that this bias came from past experiences which they not want to undergo again. Overall, the speech shows that we have to be careful before making a decision about a person as our subconsciousness may make wrong shortcuts, leading us to wrong decisions.
  15. @mj_sxrj: So what
  16. @XPlayersTribune: She's right about everything, essentially. The fact that she has to make the speech at all - to an industry full of people whom you'd think wouldn't need to be told this, given how 'expert' they're supposed to be in the realm of interpersonal dynamics - is...appalling. It'd be analogous to having to tell a skydiver about this little-known physical force called 'gravity.' But someone's gotta make sure we remember our parachutes up there, I guess. Great presentation. Sincere and frankly, pretty brave to take on the flaws of her own peers with the aim of benefiting everyone involved. 👏
  17. @thelordakira: so recruiters are unprofessional and incompetent, got it.
  18. @Macht5: Diversity is a euphemism for colonisation.
  19. @Benn1to: Well which is it? Do employers spend 6 seconds per resume, or do they go hunting through years of old facebook photos to find a picture of you drunk at a party?
This presentation doesn't make much sense. Typical of TEDx
  20. @netra9375: This is really great!

- Little Girl Was Treated Differently Based On Looks: Kind: captions Language: en Om [Music] Very

  Top Comments:
  1. @VielErfolg-f6m [1 likes]: the real face of humanity 🤣
  2. @jenysuji1498 [1 likes]: At least the girl saw the real world and realized how is the mentality of the society is.
  3. @SidFrommars: 0:33  looks matter yes books judges by its cover pg150 magic of thinking Big
  4. @belllaa2244: Society is disgusting.  This poor  girl shes only little😭 If this was real this little girl wouldve needed help i wouldve helped her😭💔 if i saw her like this my thoughts would be for her welfare why are people so cruel
  5. @savannahbrown2765: This was organized by UNICEF… so did the child consent in this social experiment? Also is anyone surprised by these results?
  6. @GildedAximo: And they say we are an intelligent species
  7. @rgouthamsankar1186: Humans are the worst things on the planet.We should know that by now,false pretense isnt helping anyone
  8. @in.vasive: A moment to reflect on the children in Gaza.
  9. @Mixed_Activist: Well u could’ve just asked us homeless folks
  10. @radhak8050: Yes u need to dress well
  11. @missadventure3397: How is it that you can witness a small child alone in the street and not call the authorities right away??? In America this is an IMMEDIATE ALERT(regardless of what she looks like) because it is so dangerous for children to walk the streets alone. I’m curious if it’s different in Europe? Is it common to see children outside by themselves? Is this why people (including the restaurant) were not so concerned about the “poor” little girl?
  12. @eigelgregossweisse9563: Put a boy in it and nobody gives af.
  13. @AmusedChild: "Can you take her out?" ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
  14. @XCroxousX: Too bad. This will never change.
  15. @rajatdas5500: Wealth people treat poor people like animals
  16. @SonumonPS: We take in these biases bcs we are thought a way when we grew up as children
  17. @sumeetscreativestation5686: Looks can b deceptive.....
  18. @Stonkslayer: The homeless girl looks like she part of an organised begging street scam.
  19. @narendianganesh: There is nothing different between those people and unicef
  20. @Hitman-bu8rz: And then they worship god 😂.. we love Jesus and teach children be a good human

- How Digital Culture Is Reshaping Our Faces and Bodies | Elise Hu | TED: Kind: captions Language: en Earlier this year, I was in Taipei, Taiwan, where I decided I wanted to make a TikTok about Cup Noodle. Only this brilliant TikTok never happened because of the shock I got when I opened up the app and flipped it into selfie mode. The face looking back at me was a face, but not exactly my face. A whole array of beauty filters had automatically worked me over, and I could not turn them off. There was so much going on here: skin smoothing, skin lightening, teeth whitening, nose narrowing, bigger eyes, and it gave me a thinner, softer jawline. This was a whole lot of nonconsensual filtering or what someone joked was forced catfishing. And for me, it's the perfect example of something called the technological gaze at work. What is it? Women have had to play to the male gaze forever, you know what that is. But the technological gaze describes an algorithmically driven perspective that we learn to internalize, perform for and optimize for. And then, by taking in all our data, the machines learn to perform us, in an endless feedback loop. We learn it so young. An estimated 80 percent of 13-year-old girls in America have already used filters or some kind of editing to alter their appearance online. And these days, the filters are hyperrealistic because they tend to be AI-generated. They come with a suite of characteristics teaching us how to look, things like arched eyebrows, or higher cheekbones or plump lips. What then happens is we see the gap between the way we look in the mirror and the way we look in these filters, and the digital world begins to dictate real-world beauty standards. We've seen it in celebrity culture, and I know this, because I saw it when I lived and worked in Seoul, South Korea, as the NPR Bureau Chief there nearly 10 years ago. Seoul is all about optimizing your face and your body. If you want your vagina rejuvenated, your skull reshaped, any part of your body lifted or enhanced, have at it. It's the cosmetic surgery capital of the world. Nearly half of all Korean women have already undergone some kind of plastic surgery by the time they're in their 20s. No other place comes close. These days, traptox is really popular. That's injecting Botox into the base of your neck, your trapezius muscles, to give the appearance of a longer neck. Calves are being injected with Botox for the same reason. Having a slimmer jawline is so desirable that a Seoul plastic surgery clinic once displayed the human bones of jaws it had shaved down in a glass vase in its lobby. This has since been removed, but this kind of body augmentation work isn't just accepted, it is expected, because in Seoul, looks matter so much for your professional and personal advancement. Headshots are required on résumés. Hiring bosses make character judgments based on your face. You were often bullied if you were bald or big. Trying to look better is framed as a route to economic security and a matter of personal responsibility. But Korea just shows us a more concentrated and extreme example of the pretty privilege that exists everywhere. Look at fatphobia in the United States, helping drive off-the-charts, off-label use of Ozempic, not for diabetes, but for weight loss. It makes sense when we are so rewarded for thinness and stigmatized for fatness. And all I'm saying is we should reckon with this, because the more narrow our idea of beauty is, the wider the pool of ugly becomes. And digital culture is now reshaping our actual faces and bodies. Under the technological gaze, I worry that our bodies become projects to be worked on ... forever. And if we don’t slow down this body augmentation arms race that I saw in Seoul, then the enhancements that were available there only get farther and farther out of reach. And not just for women. Because if we are chasing digital beauty, well, then, the limit does not exist. AI's idea of attractiveness is only increasingly inhuman ... and cyborgian. I don't want this. I don't want my daughters coming up in a world in which their looks are the most important things about them. It is incredibly marginalizing to everybody who can’t fit in and exhausting for everyone who can, because you are constantly having to make or pay for interventions in order to keep up. So what do we do? Filters aren't going anywhere, but we can challenge what the system is optimized for by changing what it means to be beautiful. Just as the solution to homophobia isn't to make everyone straight, and the solution to racism isn't to make everyone white, the solution to lookism and fatphobia isn't to make everyone interchangeably skinny and conventionally pretty. In fact, it's the opposite. It's to celebrate diversity and the differences that make us who we are, that are inherent to the human condition. And ultimately, we have to disrupt a system that reduces our worthiness to our looks. Even though my face is rounder and probably darker than an algorithm would like, I have come here tonight wearing my actual face. And my hope for all of you is that you feel comfortable and will continue to feel comfortable doing the same. Because I see a wide variety of jawlines out here tonight, and let me just say they are all worthy. Thank you. (Cheers and applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @ms9001 [3 likes]: your actual face? did you put makeup? how about show us your REAL face? show us a close up of your face without any makeup.
you can embrace different looks all you want but when you go on dating app or even real life, you will see reality hits you hard. people just ghost you, ditch you after they see your real face. it's already doomed.
  2. @AseemAshraf-s5r [3 likes]: Appearance doesn't equal worth.
  3. @magdalenadoroteo3827 [2 likes]: I really liked what you mentioned ❤
  4. @RonaldinoCondoriRojas [2 likes]: Thank you really
  5. @harithakolloju1013 [2 likes]: Really these digital world making all of us obsessed with our looks for perfections knowingly or unknowingly
  6. @SamT-h7w [2 likes]: Asian harris??😂
  7. @palmshoot [1 likes]: The stats on Korea could explain why you see so many of them wearing masks.  I did think it was odd.
  8. @user-lb2wi2bj9r [1 likes]: How easy is it for her to say with no deformity’s or flaws?
  9. @Honeybunny_0609 [1 likes]: I'm pretty sure she got the wrong point about the beauty standard of Korean 😂😂
  10. @ScubaKeef: This is a perfect video for a research paper I'm working on!
  11. @shoh_cut: It is a 👍Good video
  12. @estebangarcia399: i looked up what male gaze is and found this-  "The male gaze describes a way of portraying and looking at women that empowers men while sexualizing and diminishing women."
So in other words Victim mentality.
  13. @mohandmikhail3063: This filtres are stupide because it makes me bald100% on top of my head when i have not too much hair
  14. @11305205219: 00:06 泡麵
  15. @mariaantoniettamontella9173: applausi
  16. @ngochai0502: 🥰
  17. @BubbaSmurft: South Park was all over this years ago.
  18. @tadmarshall2739: Trump has banned diversity. You need to be the same now.
  19. @BrandonKracker-u6r: She looks like this chick i knew
  20. @ramavathgopi669: spent way too long searching for Vibrations of Manifestation by Alex Lane, and now i know why it keeps disappearing. this isn’t some basic “think positive” book—it actually explains why some people attract everything while others stay stuck. applied just one thing from it, and my results changed fast. if you can find it, don’t sleep on it.

- The Hidden Science of Your Face: Why We Trust, Fear, and Judge: Kind: captions Language: en When you encounter a new stranger's face, your brain's amygdala processes their features and begins forming an impression in exactly 33 milliseconds. In this fraction of a second, the brain establishes an initial baseline of trustworthiness that persists well after the first encounter. This creates a direct conflict with our societal ideals, the belief that we should evaluate people based on their deliberate actions and individual merits, rather than their appearance. While we try to adhere to those moral standards, our neurological hardware is secretly making snap judgments before we even have the chance to consciously register them. The impact of these judgments shows up in high-stakes environments, like a study where employees rated fictional CEOs who had announced deep pay cuts for their staff. CEOs with high inner eyebrows and prominent cheekbones were rated as more trustworthy for the start, and as a result, employees were significantly more likely to view their decision to cut wages as fair. We see a similar pattern in the justice system, where defendants with baby-faced features, like large eyes and rounder faces, are more frequently exonerated for intentional crimes compared to defendants with more mature facial structures. These specific facial geometries function as a hidden variable influencing outcomes in both corporate boardrooms and criminal courts. Researchers believe the root of this behavior lies in the ecological theory of social perception. In a prehistoric environment, the ability to look at a face and instantly identify a physical threat, a helpless infant, or signs of disease was a requirement for survival. This created a biological mechanism called overgeneralization, where the brain triggers these ancient survival alarms even when viewing modern neutral faces that happen to share similar geometric shapes. Our modern social biases are often just prehistoric survival mechanisms firing at the wrong targets. The baby-face overgeneralization occurs when an adult has features like large eyes, round cheeks, and a short chin. These proportions overlap with the geometry of a human infant, which can trigger an innate instinct to protect and nurture. Because of that overlap, we frequently assign traits like innocence, warmth, and naivete to these adults without any evidence of their actual character. A similar glitch happens with facial symmetry. Because symmetry was historically a signal of genetic health, it can bypass our logic to create an attractiveness halo, leading us to assume a stranger is more intelligent or capable than they might be. In both cases, the qualities we think we see are often just the brain's reaction to geometric markers of youth and physical health. Another key metric is the facial width-to-height ratio, or fwhr. A wider face structurally mimics the same muscle movements the human face makes during expressions of anger or dominance. When the brain detects this wider structure, it can instantly tag the individual as aggressive or deceptive, regardless of their actual behavior. This chart shows ratings for wide versus narrow faces on ability and benevolence are identical. Facial width doesn't change perceived skills, but this second chart shows a stark contrast. Narrow-faced men are judged as having significantly higher integrity, while wider faces are penalized. The brain appears to read a wide face as a prehistoric physical threat, leading us to judge a person's morals based on their bone structure rather than their actual actions. It is important to note that the accuracy of these 33-millisecond judgments is highly questionable. Research suggests these snap impressions are often entirely disconnected from a person's actual traits. Relying on them can lead to a self-fulfilling prophecy, where treating someone as untrustworthy because of their cheekbones causes them to act defensively in return. These evolutionary remnants continue to influence modern systems, subtly affecting corporate hiring, even democratic elections, and the justice system. Ultimately, the trust we think we see in a face is frequently an illusion, a prehistoric reflex that doesn't reflect the person behind the features. While these reactions are fast, they are not final. Understanding this neurological glitch allows us to consciously account for it in our own thinking. For those who lack the facial structure that naturally inspires trust, there are ways to bypass these initial snap judgments. Nonverbal strategies, like sustained eye contact, smiling, and open body language, have been shown to foster genuine trust, providing a behavioral path to overcome the brain's initial reaction to facial geometry. We can't change our prehistoric wiring, but by focusing on deliberate, conscious behavior, we can move past these evolutionary misfires and judge character on its actual merits.

- How to Use Psychology to Sell Luxury Items: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered why a company like lauro Pian can sell a white linen shirt for £625 when you can get a perfectly functional linen Shir from somewhere like H&M for 16 bucks well the onset is linked to behavioral psychology and recognizing that selling luxury Creations requires a uniquely different set of skills than traditional selling my name is Paul Russell and if you're new to my videos I'm the managing director and co-founder of luxury Academy where I've had the privilege of collaborating with globally renowned luxury businesses helping them to forge meaningful relationships with high netw worth clients I'm going to take you behind the scenes of luxury selling focusing on the psychological aspects so you too can learn how to influence high no worth clients to buy from you now the first and I think perhaps the most important lesson is that luxury is all about desire you see desire is an intensely strong emotion and we as humans will do almost anything in its Pursuit it's desire that enables Brands like lauro piano to sell breathtaking expensive shirts as I mentioned in the introduction a huge mistake people often make is confusing Desire with needs and wants nobody needs to pay that much for a shirt that's why phrases like needs analysis within luxury annoy me so intensely because I don't need an S-Class Mercedes or an X7 BMW I may want one but that doesn't automatically convert to a sale now does it if you step back and look at luxury critically yes a Rolex watch is nice and the craftsmanship is beautiful but what do I need to watch for well to tell the time of course so a Casio or timx would do the same job the secret behind why I desire Rolex so badly is down to something called identity markers whether we like it or not luxury products are perceived as symbols of achievement money and social status thez barenberg is a fantastic example of an identity Mark it's one of the most sought after and expensive handbags in the wild and it's known for its Exquisite craftsmanship its luxurious material and its iconic status and despite its I wateringly high price tag which can range from thousands to hundreds of thousands of pounds demand for the burken B far exceeds its limited Supply owning the BG becomes part of your identity it tells a lot about how I want to project an image of myself to the world so I I suppose the burning question is how do you tap into that psychology and sell luxury well the best advice I can show is selling luxury is very much about creating an experience let let me explain High net worth clients hate sales people so typical High Street sales tactics where you may try to convince a person they need an item simply won't work I think it's helpful to remember it this way a Supercar salesperson does not sell cars to rich people instead they help a high Networth client acquire the right vehicles for their lifestyle the two may sound similar sell and acquire but it's very different psychologically a jeweler doesn't help someone buy a bespoke CTI necklace instead they help them own it the key here is that you must sound and act like an expert not a salesperson High Networth clients are surrounded by experts all day every day another way to sell luxury is to harness the power of exclusivity as humans We crave exclusivity even in the most mundane things priority check-ins or priority boarding at airports Uber black over Uber X whe over Uber a great example of exclusivity is the Pinnacle of exclusivity the American Express Centurion card probably better known as the AMX black card now with a £10,000 joining fee and a 5,000 annual membership charge you may be surprised to learn that the card has pretty much the exact same functionality as the MX platinum card but as we now know it isn't about the need to have a credit card to pay for something it's all about the exclusivity of taking out a black AMX of which there are only a few thousand in the world if you want to sell luxury you must tap into this gving for exclusivity by creating experiences that reinforce something rare finally there's the emotional connection to a brand and how it makes you feel and this is created through the history and Heritage alongside the craftsmanship of course it all plays into an emotional narrative you have brands that are loud and proud like verace and Gucci they proudly plaster their logo and icon over everything in an attempt to scream to the world please look at me and then there are quieter GRS like Brunello Chell who managed to sell incredibly expensive products in a much more understated fashion let me get something off my chest there's a neest trend and I hear people talk about it a lot recently and that's affordable luxury let me be clear this is nonsense if a product of service can be afforded by the general population then it isn't luxury the lack of exclusivity will never trigger the parts of the brain that get a deep sense of satisfaction and let's be honest superiority that a real luxury product producer so to summarize the key takeaways luxury is about desire not needs and wants High net worth clients buy luxury as as symbols of achievement wealth and social status and we call these identity markers and if you want these clients to buy from you need to create an experience of exclusivity and you need to be an expert not a salesperson I hope you find this useful

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ammulu-f2o [10 likes]: I'm a property investor with 18 units. Our Edveros is the most requested unit in the portfolio every month. It's also the lowest-maintenance. The combination is unusual.
  2. @russianhomecat: If you can afford it, you don’t crave it. “Luxury” only exists for poor. For the rich all these items just a commodity 😂.
  3. @LethalBubbles: scarcity is half empty thinking. scarcity is thinking about what others dont have. the half full way to think about it is status symbols. what does it say about you. the value of luxury isn't other people not having it. it is about you being the ohe that does. at that point it doesn't really matter what it is. luxury items are not a scam. Rolex can do many things Invicta can't, and thus is worth the price difference. But the function telling time is not one of those things.
  4. @PattersonTweed: I’ve never owned a luxury item but the understanding of the appeal is so interesting… sell it by the yard…
  5. @dreamcatcher75418: Not everyone is going to fall for a $600 boring white blouse. 🙄
  6. @shivaarandomguy: Ur bgm is annoying
  7. @pennypoohoothepollyjeanmiester: Nice commentary, scholarly  and not stuffy.
  8. @AboYahya-e7c2g: South island winters don't care about insulation claims. Our Edveros held through the whole season. Genuinely impressed.
  9. @shaiekahsultana1291: We were quoted 34 months by a traditional builder for a comparable spec. We moved into our Edveros in month 7 from contract signing. We've been here two years. Our original contractor is still building a different client's project started after ours.
  10. @PSPKSRT: Took my skeptical wife to see an Edveros in person. She's the one sending links to people now.
  11. @kuldeepthakur00KINGofTHAKUR75: Went with Edveros. 5 months. Moved in. My neighbour is still fighting with his contractor two years later.
  12. @GetahunSisay-g8d: My company uses our Edveros retreat as a client entertainment venue. The ROI — measured in client retention and new business — has exceeded any other hospitality investment we've made.
  13. @GajananGode-oi7cx: The Edveros build was the first time I've experienced construction without anxiety. No contractor calls to chase. No material delays to manage. No budget conversations to have. A fixed date, a fixed price, and a building at the end of it.
  14. @sweetie4915: I will soon begin a luxury business, and this is what I needed. Thank you!
  15. @BIGDOWNEYTV: i will be a multi millionaire real soon
  16. @kensandlin6121: I have found my place on the internet here, having been in luxury architectural sales for 35 years. This is excellent insight.
  17. @acrometic-vs4ze: Working on HVAC-R field experience in installation, Maintenance, services, repairs and console, nice to have from your websites.
  18. @kaizerbrand8054: Its quite an eye opener.
Thank you
Kaizer - New Delhi
  19. @morriganfey6079: I hate the "affordable luxury" idea because they seem to use it to sell you on more sub-quality items than the effective off-brands.  

If you want cheap, buy cheap.  If you want quality, spend for quality.  Idk where "luxury" comes into that because I don't much look for it anyway.
  20. @MunecaStudios: Can this video be 3 hours long thank you

- Instagram Strategies For Clothing Brands [2026]: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to show you the actionable steps and tactics to grow a real following fast. How you can do this even if you have zero followers right now, I know this actually crazy and the most up to date hashtag strategy that will actually kind of surprise you. I remember starting on on Instagram and just being completely lost, probably like you are, because it seemed like the only thing that we do or could do is that you could make a post, right? An image, you could do stories. Eventually you could do reels, and obviously now you can do like highlights up there for the occasional person who would look at your actual highlights. But after doing research, testing and diving deeper, there are actually really several factors that helped grow accounts. And to be honest, Instagram is extremely saturated, and one could even argue that it's harder organically right now. And that's true if you're doing the same thing that I was doing and everyone else was too. Okay, so one of the things I want to talk about here is the the Super Bowl, but no more specifically. So if you go down to the magnifying glass here, you're going to see what you are looking at or what you're engaging with. Now this is obviously recently and this is my own personal account. So as you can see here, there's a lot of stuff from the Chiefs. They just won the Super Bowl. So and I'm a Chiefs fan. Please continue to watch the content. If you love or hate the Chiefs promise this will be relevant for you. What I need you to do though, is treat your business account like a business account, not like a personal one. So go through here and I want you to actually go to your profile and get rid of all the people that you were following on your business page who are not related to your business. If you're a clothing brand, you should be liking and engaging with other clothing brands. The only thing you should see here are clothing As you can see, I've been engaging with the Chiefs. That's all I really have here is Chiefs content and then obviously some motivational stuff from Kobe. Shout out all right. You should be focused on creating content here and only here within your niche. That way you can see what's happening your space. Now this also means do not go in like and comment or save content for other people as well. And to get your feed to look like this, spend the next 3 to 4 days engaging with only brands or other in the boutique space or streetwear space, their comment and saving their pose. And then this discover page will start to look exactly how it should be. One of the things that you'll be able to do is you'll be able to go and find trending audio. So when you're on the discover page, you can do that through like clicking on here if you can find it. Like if you see this like real McCoy down here, it actually doesn't have a trending sound. Otherwise it'd be an arrow up there. So I'm gonna go over to reels. Let's see what kind of reels we have here. Here we go. So this one has a little up arrow. It says So you can actually click on that. And then over here you can click on the button that says trending up at the top right below D&D pack. And it will show you all the trending audio that's So Stone love atm, love NFL on Fox. I want to find ones that are about 50 60,000 reels or less and jump on those before other people, and so will tell you going on for the day. And you can either use it or save it. Now, one thing I want you to make sure that you do is save these for the future, because a lot of times what people will do is they'll create videos they will go and find the audio. What I want is actually a little bit of the opposite. Go find the audio create the video for it. It's much easier for you to play the song. For example, I can't play this song because it's usher, but like. I can't listen to the audio here, but you can download or go find that audio file and you can put it on something else. Whether you use a video editing software, probably what I would do. you can go shoot your video to that audio. Or at the worst case, what you could do is get another person who's a friend play the song, and then they record it, you could just add that video from your phone, or airdrop it to yourself, or send it upload the to be matching And now it will like be a little bit more work, but it will do so much better than if you just went in human like, oh, I got this video of my dog. Let me just put it here. This is my of my dog where my clothes or whatever. And then here, let me put pretty girls or usher to this. Like doesn't make sense. Go the other way around. So a little bonus tip to make you better. Most people mess up when they're trying to grow their account. When Instagram drops a new feature, they're going to give a lot of reach for those who are trying those features that they want to push So, for example, there are a new thing and I'm gonna talk about it here in a second. It's kind of a little preview. There's a new tool within the caption section you could use if you have it available to you using, give you even more reach. So as soon as you notice a new feature or a change within your take advantage and go use that right away. Because the wave is typically short lived. Obviously, if something takes off like reels, you can ride the wave a little bit longer. But for are actually dropping down. And as a side note, not related to this video. Video carousels are really well. So really good thumb stopping image looks like a news headline. videos stories as a carousel actually doing really well It's actually surpassing reels. So for this is a feature that is being rolled out and tested And it is polls in your captions make the questions very simple, right. It doesn't matter. As I say, no, we have a brand that we're working with and we've worked with for a long time, but they are just constantly asking, you know, like, are you cheering Super Bowl? Or, you know, what are you guys doing this weekend? They're just simple questions. Honestly, they're somewhat related, maybe not even the actual questions of their brand, you could be the same thing. You could post an outfit and say, what are you doing I'm doing this, I'm doing this. You can have options. So when you have the polls comments, what's going to happen is people stay in there longer. They actually engage. And if you've seen this in your stories, polls and stories, you get more reach who engage that way. Same thing comments of the caption. If you have that in there and people are voting, that's more engagement, which means that people are going to be shown that more. it's pushed more on Instagram. Now, liking this type of content and want to see a part two of strategies and things like that, I will make part two. Just come the words part two down below, and a part two Captions wants people to stay on your content as long as possible, if that means they are reading the caption still counts. So if they come over from a real the real is 6 or 8 seconds, they watch it twice, but then the captions or the real tells them to look at the captions. They'll stay on there Think of captions I could have put this is like email or blog posts, YouTube videos, etc. you need to open up a caption with a really good hook to catch attention. And I'm gonna break down how I think that captions should be. I would be, say, written for Instagram. First thing, give that hook like I just mentioned. Then give your advice. Tell a story, give the substance of the actual post. trying an outfit on, then give the details of that outfit. wearing more specific to a streetwear brand, keep going back to either the Chief. So the Christian brand from Texas, like, give us the story behind that shirt or a details about it. always give credit to the creator. So if yourself, make sure to tag yourself do a call to action to follow for more. Because again, or any type of piece it's going be distributed to other places, that they're probably not following you encourage them follow you. Click on that profile, which is very easy right there you for more. This may be a controversy, but longer captions are better, especially since you'll be giving more keywords. If you can write in a way that describes what you're talking about, you're giving more data to go off of so they can share with more people who are looking for those keywords as well, with that type get a reach more people. All right. So hold up just one second, please. I just want to say that if you are brand owner to jump into the specifics of your brand and how to grow it profitably online, you can schedule a free 45 minute session with us. There are limited spots, so go find a time that works best for you calendar in the link description down below. I've got to be this new tactic or this hack, if you will, is a no brainer. It's also something that I've learned recently that has helped out a ton, and it is to use effects with your content. let me show you exactly what that is. But you don't want to lose the quality of your content by putting some odd filter on it. So you need to do it like this. So I'm going to go over to the real I'm going to create a reel. All right pull this up to continue my draft. You're going to hit next here. you can hit the effects button, which is like the three little stars And you can do the no effect or like this one right here. It's like it's make the like design of this thing, like, look weird. what I would do I would search over here for I've already done already 4K and all this is going to do is make it a higher quality. It's going to work, look well like look good. But you're also be able to reach is a filter or an effect, rather just like what you would training on if there's effects So this is kind of like a double whammy here. So you can use the training audio and then go use an actual effect in. This will help you reach And then like I said find one that works in great use that effect. But if you at the bare minimum use the 4K one or where it just makes it a crisper version of it. Okay, so now this next one threw me for a loop for too, because there are a lot of mixed signals about hashtags. But if you use these other your Instagram, then the old way of using hashtags is honestly no longer necessary. Before hashtags were used as a way more people, it's it's the keywords. And this is absolutely true. the Instagram strategy is pretty simple. You want to do 3 to 7 total. These are used for keywords meaning that like just like I mentioned you have that's going after it. You have effects that are reaching people. You now have training These hashtags put it together. But what people really on hashtags is they type out too long. what you really want to do is create a single word to two words to three words max meaning if I was describing this just like they did here, I would do ski or snowboard or winter or holiday, and then you that's like, Breckenridge, Colorado. Like you one word, two words, three words max, but 3 to 7 hashtags And that's it. And that's all you need to do now that you understand how to reach and grow your Instagram account, it's super important. It's time to use that to leverage your ad strategy. Now go watch this video on exactly how to use Instagram ads your clothing brand right here. Next. Are you all have a great rest of your day? I will see you next time, and please make sure you hit that subscribe button.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BrandonKnight-h9z [3 likes]: I stopped overthinking my feed after this—now I post with clarity and confidence.
  2. @NuggetSpeaksOfficial [2 likes]: Ok question: if I am starting a poker clothing brand do I only follow clothing brand accounts or poker content accounts
  3. @FlickoftheFinger [2 likes]: @bitbranding - with regards to accounts that you follow - like you say other clothing manufacturers… what about accounts that would use said products if they’re targeted towards a specific niche…. Ie… skateboard clothing manufacturers also following skateboarders. Motorbike clothing manufacturers - motorcycle riders etc?
  4. @RegisLangford [1 likes]: My “mood-based tea match” posts made customers tag friends
  5. @Bitbranding [1 likes]: Part 2: https://youtu.be/Pex9i5rbEwE
  6. @alexswanski6537 [1 likes]: why doesnt my business account let me use trending audio's?
  7. @stephena5752 [1 likes]: Are you from Omaha ? You seem like you are .
  8. @LeFraicheLC [1 likes]: Strategy
  9. @IgbokweChinazo: part 2
  10. @tyresetemitope5601: Part 2
  11. @ZeeshanmughalShani-d6f8q: Bro i am a clothing manufacturers  from pakistan and expoert all over world  please let me advise to growing business how we make foreign customer
  12. @Azskinzofficial: Thank you so much
  13. @BalajiAddankiVidEd: part two;
  14. @osmanklc3945: Do you think it is worth investing in selling clothes on Instagram? I live in Türkiye and money is very hard to earn and I am only 17 years old and a student. Is it worth investing in this business? Thank you.
  15. @DeyanGeorgiev-s9o: Your breakdown of Instagram vs TikTok made a lot of sense, thanks

😚
  16. @thinktanksupplylab: Part 2
  17. @Founder.Stories-l: Part 2
  18. @762riddhisharma5: Part 2!!!
  19. @infinitegaming5546: part two
  20. @annelisreyner1049: Part 2

- How this fashion influencer makes money through her Instagram posts: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Front row seats at Fashion Week are usually reserved for magazine editors and movie stars, but the new ITG girls of fashion are Instagram influencers. Think of them as the reality TV stars of the social media generation. They put us in a spot that was at the end of the runway so that we could get a great shot of the girls walking. Also, a very visible spot for other photographers because we were all dressed in the collection. Designers pay them up to tens of thousands of dollars for a single post. The influencer market now worth an estimated $2 billion and expected to reach 10 billion by 2020. This is the fashion week rack. This is what fashion week looks like in my living room. Danielle Bernstein has nearly 1.8 million Instagram followers. I like to think of myself as the perfect mix of relatable and aspirational. So, I do that with my dressing as well. So, not everything is high-end and designer. A lot of it is really affordable, too. At 25 years old, she's already made Forbes's 30 under 30 list. Her brand, We Were What, includes a blog, a podcast, a YouTube channel, brand collaborations, and her own clothing line, earning her upward of seven figures a year. So, we turned the second bedroom of this apartment into my closet. I needed the space. These are my overalls. These are the overalls that you designed. And this is the leather pair. Do you pinch yourself? Can you believe that you do this for a living? My mom makes me, she always like literally gives me a pinch and she goes, "Just remind yourself that this is not real life." But, you know, there is a really glamorous side to it, but I really do work hard. I'll get invited to a show. I'll usually be dressed by the designer, my front row, babes, and then I'll sit front row and I'll be documenting the clothes as they come by, so you really feel like you're there. It's really just a way to make fashion and fashion week obtainable to the masses. Good morning. Danielle posts snippets of her daily life almost constantly. I actually think less than I would say the average person about what I post because it's so authentic and in real time. Mommy's first fashion show. We're going to Sally La Point. Both wearing Sally La Point. I just try and keep it real. I mean, I'm a young New Yorker trying to make it like everyone else. She dropped out of college to pursue building her brand and I was blogging more than I was paying attention in class. I was like, "Okay, I need to try and make this a real business." And so I took two semesters off from school and I blogged and then I went back. Her schedule today includes several outfit changes, five fashion shows, plus dinners and afterparties. We are on our way to one of my favorite shows every season, the Zimmerman Show. It's one of the season's hottest brands. The runway is absolutely stunning. It's like wallpapered everywhere with pieces retailing in the thousands throughout the show. Filter that. Bernstein's followers are living vicariously through her Insta stories. And after the show ends, I quickly decide which ones are my favorite and I post those. Back at the apartment, she has 15 minutes to change outfit. Post again. Ready, guys? And head to the next show. Designer Zadig and Voltater, another fashion photo op. Today, she even has her own camera crew documenting her as she documents herself. So, here's how Postmates got me through day three of New York Fashion Week. Although she wasn't paid to attend these fashion shows, many of her posts are paid advertisements. From these pony red kicks colorcoordinated with New York City graffiti to this H&M swag, these pretty petals from Pro Flowers. Or this Fiji bottle strategically positioned next to her perfect pout. She's even making money drinking water. Do you pay for anything? I do. Yeah, I like to pay for things. Um, but there's a lot that I don't have to pay for. I mean, all like the travel and beauty and all that kind of stuff is usually taken care of. She says she can have up to 20 different offers in a month. I've turned down jobs all the time. I won't put my name on something that I don't fully approve of. So, when I have those design collaborations, I'm at every design meeting. Everything from the buttons to the stitching to the color to the way that it fits. And do you make a percentage on on each item that's sold? So there'll either be like an upfront design fee and then that includes for marketing and social media posts and all that kind of stuff and then a percentage on the back end. What's the percentage on the back end? It varies. Usually I like it to be half. Influencer advertising is changing the fashion industry. Now advertisers are thinking entirely differently about how they're spending that money. They're recognizing that there's this appeal with influencers like the most popular kid in class. So, you decided to be transparent about how you make money and that built your following. That helped build it up. Yeah. It's weird when you say it like that because, you know, # ad and #sponsored, it doesn't look nice and it doesn't sound pretty, but being real to my followers, I think, actually helped me. Being real is also the law. Last year, the Federal Trade Commission stepped in to control transparency, reminding social influencers they're required to disclose paid posts. Another issue this burgeoning industry is grappling with fake followers. Advertisers are going to be taking a closer look at this going forward because they really want that true value, that real relationship and that real following of true devotees, not bots. Danielle says her following is real and loyal. What's the goal? I get asked a lot, what is your five-year plan? And it's really just to grow my current businesses, invest and take part in new ones, and to just be a boss. For Night Line, I'm Lindsay Janice in New York. Hi everyone, George Stephanopoulos here. Thanks for checking out the ABC News YouTube channel. If you'd like to get more videos, show highlights, and watch live event coverage, click on the right over here to subscribe to our channel, and don't forget to download the ABC News app for breaking news alerts. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @yesvember11 [1 likes]: Fun fact: she’s been in a ton of schedules for copying other actual designers designs. Girly is an influencer but a designer she is not.
  2. @PEARLOFFTHEH00K: i had to watch this in class bruh
  3. @verydenise: Why do people always say mean things about her? These comments are awful. She is beautiful and creative. Get over yourselves.
  4. @britannyblackmon4648: This is so dumb I cannot fathom the level of stupidity we have reached in this day and age
  5. @gabrielbartos9606: 😢😮❤😮❤😮❤😅😮🎉😂😅😂😊🎉😊🎉😊😊🎉😊😊😂
  6. @ConnorBrozs: This stuff stupid frfr
  7. @eddbigbadwolf: I like her shorts
  8. @KaysFantasy: That whooooole clothes rack in her apartment is nothing I would wear 🙄 not my taste
  9. @honeyb3775: How are you got a put something up about this girl where she steals everybody’s ideas and content not original
  10. @ranahamoud5459: I have been using this website for a while, it is a trusted website, and you can really earn money from sharing your link and posting my pictures and videos.
  11. @mareeuhh124: please don't support WEWOREWHAT she steals designs from people of color all the time!
  12. @mantamakes2864: Y’all needa stop attacking her in the comments. She seems to love her job, worked hard to get to where she is, and sustains a huge social media presence over a long period of time. She’s out here living her best life while y’all do nun by try to drag her down.
  13. @lbs7552: We Wore What? More like We Stole What
  14. @ayaom369: She just copies other brands models and designs
  15. @bronstanton9398: Danielle Bernstein has made her career ripping off project and ideas from other creatives.
  16. @marlenereese96: Never heard of her
  17. @yesbutno570: i hate my school for forcing me to do this >:( also who are these people
  18. @ahviwe: Wait... let me go check her IG out why everyone says she over filters there, looks 10kgs less there, looks nothing like her IG. Meanwhile, I just met her and thought she was beautiful
  19. @Sophie-xi7be: Camila Coelho should be interviewed as well! She is my favorite on this matter! 🇧🇷👊🏻💋
  20. @Disciple_Craft: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ&list=PLahKLy8pQdCM0SiXNn3EfGIXX19QGzUG3

- Best Instagram Marketing Strategy For Small Business 2026 (PROVEN & PROFITABLE): Kind: captions Language: en The rules of Instagram have fundamentally changed. If you are still trying to hack the algo like it's 2022, I hate to tell you this, but you are already losing many experts will tell you it's about posting more reels using better hashtags or piggybacking on trends. But here's what they are absolutely missing the biggest social shift that's happening right now isn't about hacks. It isn't about content or tactics. It's about something way more fundamental and way more human. It's about your personal brand. I know, I know you knew this was coming, but today, people just don't buy from businesses anymore. They buy from humans they trust, and that is something we cannot forget. I'm about to show you exactly how you can become that person they trust and buy from again and again and again. By the way. Hi, I'm Alex. I built my brand of the coffee posse into a seven figure business and a global community of over half a million copywriters, marketers and business owners, in less than five years. But here is the crazy part of it all. I did it all by just showing up right here for you guys. No fancy funnels, no complicated strategies, no AI generated content, just me and you right here, a personal brand and one simple system that I'm about to share with you, but first I need to tell you something you were lied to. I know your personal brand isn't something that you build someday when you have more time, experience or authority. I hear that all the time. I'll work on my personal brand when I have more time or when I have more experience or more credibility, it's already something you have, whether you realize it or not, your personal brand is not about what you post online. It's not about what you sell. It's not even about what you say. Your personal brand is so simply how others perceive you. So every single time you comment on a post on Instagram or react to a story or tag someone in your content or apply for a job or respond to an email or get a referral or join an online community or donate to a cause or hop on a zoom call your personal brand is on display. So what does it say? And because I know what you're thinking, not posting anything or staying a ghost online is also a personal branding choice, and it's not a good one. In my opinion, it could be absolutely working against you. And here's why, your peers, your future clients, your employers, your potential referrers, are vibe checking you hard on social media, and you don't even know it's happening, because most people do not engage with content online. In fact, a whopping 90 to 99% of people online are social media lurkers. But just because they're not engaging doesn't mean they're not consuming your personal brand. Also impacts the likelihood of you getting hired. And if you don't believe me, listen to this, 98% of employers conduct background research on candidates online before deciding to interview them. 90% of people research you online before they decide to work with you. And 79% have rejected a candidate based on their social media content alone. So the question isn't whether or not you have a personal brand, because we already know the answer to that you do. The question now is, is it working for you, or is it working against you? And that leads me to the number one Instagram marketing strategy that I have to share with you. And it is so simple. I call it the human framework. These are five steps for turning your Instagram account into a trust building lead generating machine, and it goes a little something like this. Step number one hook. So it's probably no surprise here that your first job is to hook the attention of your ideal audience, but not in the way you think most people focus on simply getting as much attention as possible, right? They want to go viral. Well, right now you want to make sure you're hooking the attention of the right kind of person, your specific ideal audience and your Instagram bio isn't just for fun. It is your digital business card where people get a feel for who you are and what you do and whether or not, they should follow you to learn more. Your bio should communicate really clearly who you serve and how you do it, and the more specific you can be here, the better. So for example, saying something like, I help entrepreneurs succeed is pretty generic, and you might consider changing it to something like, I help entrepreneurs with the neuro strategies they need to build a profitable business without burning out. So you see how specific that is. All right, moving on to step number two, understand. So this one seems simple, but it is so important you must, must, must understand your audience's deepest needs. And this goes way deeper than just looking at your Instagram demographic. Graphics or asking a few questions, right? You want to understand who they really are and what they care about. What keeps them up at two o'clock in the morning? What do they secretly worry about? Who do they envision themselves to be, or who do they want to be in the future? Now, obviously the best way to figure this out is to ask them directly, but I love to have real conversations with people in my DMs, not to sell them anything, but to simply better understand, like, who are the people that are following me, and what do they need? And if this isn't something you're able to do yet, maybe because you're just getting started, another really great way to get this information is to scan through your competitors comments section. Yes, I'm talking about looking at what their customers are saying. What are they asking? What frustrations are they expressing? Right? If the people are speaking up about what they want, this is pure gold for you, because, remember, people don't buy products or services or courses. They buy a better future. They buy transformation. Your job isn't to sell them what you have. It's to understand exactly who your customers want to be and guide them every step of the way. Step number three is your message. You want to share your unique message, your voice, your perspective, your point of view, your values. This is honestly the heartbeat of your personal brand, and where personal branding becomes your secret weapon, and this is something that only you can do that's right? Chat, GPT, AI, this is not your friend here, right? We live in a world where AI can create content in seconds, so authenticity is your competitive advantage. The last thing anyone wants right now is just more content, right? They don't want content. They want context. They don't want just more information. They want your insights. They don't need like more value. They want to know about your values. This is what personal branding is all about. What do you stand for? Don't be afraid to ruffle a few feathers. That is okay. The right people will love what you have to say, and the wrong people will be like, peace. You aren't for me, right? And hopefully they're not a troll, and they just go away, right? That's the best. But if they are a troll, great, that is great personal branding content right there. And then step number four is to amplify. So here you really want to work on putting yourself out there more, but before you freak out and say, oh my god, Alex, you're going to tell me that I need to post, like, three times a day, every single day, or document every single moment of my private life on social media. No, that is absolutely not what I'm saying. I'm talking about showing up more authentically and consistently in whatever way feels the most natural to you, in whatever way just feels like, Hey, this is me being me. Instagram rewards conversations, not just like one to many broadcasts. So being active in your account and on social media is the best thing you can do. Post on your stories, respond to every comment. If you can ask questions that spark discussions, share behind the scenes pics of you know who you are and what you care about and what you do when you're not sitting in your studio or at your desk or, you know, on your laptop working. This isn't about putting together like the perfect reel with the perfect hook and the perfect music, or a beautiful carousel. It's about real connection. Those other things are just the medium through which you deliver it. Step number five is to nurture, okay? This is all about building actual, real relationships with other humans using social media or using Instagram. And this is where a lot of people drop the ball, right? They get a follow, but they never initiate a conversation. Or worse, they use Instagram DMS just to like, send out a bazillion cold sales pitches, which completely destroys, you know, their potential for any sort of long term relationship, and it kills all trust in the process. Or worst of all, they use AI to generate random comments that say absolutely nothing meaningful in a way, to try to fake force engagement and connection. And honestly, I can smell that shiz from a mile away just don't freaking do it when someone comments on your post, continue to have that conversation with them. Share a valuable resource, ask questions, be curious, be genuine, be real, have fun, and then also comment on other people's content. We're all out here on these internet streets trying to show up, trying to be valuable, trying to create connection, and when you see someone you know, take the time to post something that really came from the heart, and you notice that there's no comments on that video or that post. Why can't you be the person that's like, Hey, I see you. Thanks for sharing this, or hey, let me offer a different perspective. Or I love that you shared this and then share a takeaway, but just be human. Be real, right? Give out what you want to get back. All of this stuff is time consuming, yes, and trust takes time to build. That is the whole point, and eventually trust leads to more sales. We're living in what I call the skeptic economy. Right trust is at an all time low. People are bombarded with AI generated content, left, right and center. I'm talking fake reviews and generic messaging, all the stuff that really just makes you feel nothing so right now, being human, being genuine. The human is so freaking powerful, like, like, authentic used to be a buzzword in marketing, and now it's honestly your best competitive advantage just simply being real. So while everyone else zigs towards over automation and AI everything ask yourself, How can you zag? How can you double down on the one asset that can never be duplicated, copied, replicated, cloned, right? Your stories, your perspective, your values. This is how you cut through the bullshit, you guys. This is how you cut through the noise. This is how you create real connection. Now, using this exact framework, I have helped 1000s of business owners and copywriters and marketers at every different level, from total beginners to seasoned pros build personal brands on Instagram, I have students who have gone from zero followers to six figure businesses by learning how to build their personal brand and then also learning the skills they need to scale their business get more clients and better serve their audience. And honestly, the biggest difference here is that they stopped trying to be perfect. They stopped overthinking it, they stopped chasing vanity metrics and started building real, genuine relationships. I often say that you can have a six figure business with just a few customers who really value what it is you do. So as you're building your personal brand, don't think about, how can I get 1000s, hundreds of 1000s of followers? It's not about that. It's about getting in front of the right people who are your kind of people who are like, You know what? I think that's someone who I trust, and that's someone who I want to get to help me solve this problem that I have in my life or business. And if building your personal brand, or better, building your personal brand is on your to do list, I highly recommend you check out my personal brand boot camp. This is a short mini course that I created to really help you confidently claim your corner of the internet, position yourself as a trusted connection in the right social circles, and attract premium clients who need your services right now more than ever before. So whether you are just getting started, or you're looking to grow your side hustle, or maybe you're already fully booked as a freelancer or have your own brand and business. I'm going to show you why your personal brand is your most brilliant business asset right now. You can click the link in the description box below to learn more about my personal brand boot camp, or just scan this QR code, and if you want even more tips for building your personal brand and business online with modern marketing, messaging and branding. You know what to do. Make sure to subscribe below to catch the next video from me. I'll see you next week with a brand new video. Until then, I'm Alex Ciao for now, before you go, if you like that video, make sure to check out this one. Next I'm going to tell you exactly what it takes to start and grow your business in under 10 minutes. You ready the seven step framework I'm about to show you is so freaking simple that anyone can replicate it from total beginners to seven figure business owners like me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlexCattoni [2 likes]: Thanks so much for watching! And if you want help building your personal brand online, check out my $27 bootcamp 👉 https://go.copyposse.com/pbb-ytc
  2. @GeorgeEco-e1h: Thank you for the video. I hope you are well. I have been trying this avenue to get more leads in roles but not having much success. If I could have one thing that could help, what would it be ? Would be very grateful for the support.
  3. @princesshumbletor: This was amazing to listen to ! Real !
  4. @Crescitaly_com: For small businesses, this is where Instagram becomes more than posting often. The profile has to answer three questions fast: what you sell, why people should trust you, and what action they should take next. Once that is clear, every extra impression has a better chance of turning into something useful.
  5. @lizakachai: That is so true! I am pretty sure that AI cannot do things we do. There is a personality and different kind of thinking 💭 I started building my personal brand as a fitness coach and nutritionist and it is still not straightforward because no one taught me how to switch my brain into business making machine😅
  6. @chaoticspiritstudio: Thank you so much for creating this video! It is so refreshing to for once not see a headline with "X amount of secrets to sky rocket" or "do this to get rich/progress quick!" 
Hearing you talk about different ways to just be human and build trust and value with your audience was exactly what I was looking for. 
You truly added value to my proces in finding a fitting way to share what I do with the world without having to try to be anything other than my authentic self.
  7. @creepingjesus9740: High views due to having a face thats easy in the eyes
  8. @bobsnyder1993: 🔥🐦‍🔥
  9. @MuhammadAkram-pt8yh: Agree great reviews
  10. @KushalKR-f8d: @ipweb
The video is really amazing and here I easily understood the process for tha success ❤
  11. @marionr4319: Thank you so much
  12. @Ukranbaba-p7b: Ipweb best website for advertising channel videos etc
  13. @operationsusfoods1354: This feels like ass. Like...this feels like common sense stuff you should have been established before posting....
  14. @MihwarKsa: perfect❤❤❤❤
  15. @Xyz2691-w9l: Not posting for safety 😜🫣😂
  16. @galluccinet: Five steps and none of them are "post more reels" -- that alone makes this worth watching. I've run organic for CPG and lifestyle brands for 20 years and the biggest shift right now is how fast storytelling-first accounts are outpacing the ones still chasing format tricks.
  17. @FashionNew5: I see instagram only let you use 5 hashtags
  18. @0xzapzap: Such a great video, thx
  19. @crescitaly: Content without strategy is just noise. At Crescitaly, we help you turn ideas into real impact. 📈
  20. @crescitaly: The H.U.M.A.N. framework is brilliant - especially the trust-building angle. So many small businesses focus only on reach and forget that people buy from brands they actually trust. The 5-step approach makes it super actionable too. For anyone implementing this, having a consistent posting schedule is half the battle. I use Crescitaly to plan and schedule content across platforms so I can focus on the human side of engagement instead of stressing about when to post. Great video Alex!

- Best Instagram Marketing Strategy For Small Business 2026 (PROVEN & PROFITABLE): Kind: captions Language: pt-BR O Instagram mudou e há três coisas que você precisa saber se quiser obter melhores resultados e criar campanhas de marketing de mídia social mais eficazes, com maior conversão e mais lucrativas para você, sua empresa ou qualquer empresa à qual queira aplicar isso. O primeiro é um processo de três partes que chamo de confirmar, conectar, converter, que não funciona apenas no Instagram, mas se aplica igualmente bem a qualquer outra rede de mídia social à qual você decida aplicar isso. Mas não se preocupe se você nunca ouviu falar disso antes. A maioria não. Então, mostrarei exatamente o que isso significa e como usá-lo para obter mais leads, clientes e vendas do que nunca. Em seguida, você precisa entender e trabalhar com os dois maiores fatores para o sucesso do Instagram: o público e os algoritmos. Ignore isso ou entenda errado, e não importa o quão inteligente, engraçado ou criativo seja o seu conteúdo do Instagram. Simplesmente não vai funcionar. E, por último, é algo chamado de arbitragem de atenção pela qual o Instagram, assim como todas as outras plataformas de mídia social por aí, vive e morre. Então, dito isso, deixe-me mostrar como isso é feito. Começando com o mais importante, confirme, conecte, converta. Em primeiro lugar, quero que você pense na sua conta do Instagram menos como um perfil de mídia social e mais como um mini site para o seu negócio. Um que foi projetado para fazer três coisas muito específicas em uma ordem muito específica. Primeiro, você precisa confirmar se os visitantes da sua biografia, os espectadores do seu conteúdo, os engajadores do seu feed, isso soa como um filme antigo de fantasia. De qualquer forma, você quer ter certeza de que eles sabem que estão no lugar certo e que têm clareza sobre exatamente o que você faz e para quem faz. É por isso que você precisa ter certeza de que sua biografia está otimizada para conversões, sendo novamente claro sobre o que você faz e por que vale a pena segui-lo. Certifique-se de que seu nome e cargo sejam claros e fáceis de entender. E use links para orientar as pessoas sobre o próximo destino. Certifique-se de usar uma imagem de alta qualidade para sua foto de perfil. E se você quiser ter vários links em sua biografia, certifique-se de que o mais importante esteja bem no topo. Em seguida, você deseja se conectar, o que fará de duas maneiras. A primeira é postar estrategicamente seu conteúdo nos melhores horários possíveis, que de acordo com este relatório é segundas-feiras das 10h00 ao meio-dia, terças-feiras das 9h00 às 13h00, quartas-feiras das 10h00 às 13h00: 00h00 e sexta-feira é das 9h00 às 11h00. Os melhores dias para postar parecem ser terças e quartas-feiras, e o pior dia para postar parece ser domingo. Além disso, uma observação importante aqui. Eles não dizem isso, mas é seguro presumir que esses horários se referem ao horário local do seu público-alvo. Portanto, se você estiver em Londres e seu público-alvo estiver em Londres, poste, digamos, segunda-feira, das 10h ao meio-dia, horário de Londres. Mas se você estiver em Londres, mas seu mercado-alvo for, digamos, Vancouver, poste na segunda-feira, das 10h ao meio-dia, horário de Vancouver. O mais importante de tudo, porém, é que esses tempos são apenas diretrizes. Portanto, a melhor coisa que você pode fazer é entrar no Analytics do Instagram para encontrar as datas e horários em que seu público está mais ativo e depois publicá-los. Então, essa é a primeira parte do Connect. A segunda parte é usar o Instagram para conversar de verdade com as pessoas. Eu sei que conversar com as pessoas é uma ideia maluca, certo? Ouvi dizer há anos que as conversas são os novos leads. E se isso era verdade naquela época, bem, é ainda mais verdade hoje, onde a autenticidade, o envolvimento e ter conversas genuínas com as pessoas são realmente a porta de entrada para a construção de um negócio maior e melhor. Agora, se você pode responder a cada comentário manualmente, vá em frente. Por outro lado, se a sua caixa de entrada do Instagram for mais transbordante, usar uma solução de software de automação pode ser um salva-vidas. Mas falaremos mais sobre isso em apenas um segundo, porque, por último, depois de confirmar e conectar-se, bem, agora você tem a oportunidade de passar para a fase de conversão, que por acaso me leva a este patrocinador de vídeo, ManyHat. Se você está explorando novas estratégias para aumentar seu envolvimento, alcance e conversões no Instagram, então você definitivamente quer dar uma olhada no ManyHat, uma ferramenta de automação de DM do Instagram que está transformando a forma como marcas e criadores interagem na plataforma. Manyhat também é parceiro de negócios oficial da Meta e aprovado para uso no Instagram, o que o torna uma ferramenta obrigatória para um envolvimento eficaz. Ao contrário do link desatualizado e muito menos eficaz no método bio, o ManyHat oferece o poder de envolver os usuários diretamente por meio de comentários ou mensagens diretas, enviando-lhes informações automaticamente. Essa abordagem não apenas aumenta o engajamento, mas também expõe seu conteúdo a um público mais amplo. Além disso, transfere as conversas de vendas para os DMs, onde elas têm maior probabilidade de conversão e permitem uma interação personalizada. e perguntas de acompanhamento. Algo que é basicamente impossível com links biológicos tradicionais. Em última análise, o que o Many Chat faz é transformar cada postagem, história, real ou ao vivo do Instagram em um iniciador de conversa dinâmico. E mudar de links bio para DMs pode aumentar sua taxa de cliques de apenas 1% para impressionantes 46%, com cada comentário se tornando uma conversa em potencial e cada conversa se transformando em uma venda em potencial. Portanto, certifique-se de conferir o link nas descrições abaixo deste vídeo para começar a aproveitar o Many Chat para turbinar suas vendas e interações no Instagram. Você pode usá-lo gratuitamente para até 1.000 contatos e a versão pro custa apenas US$ 15 por mês. Dito isso, vamos para o próximo ponto, público e algoritmos. Aqui está o acordo. Ganhar nas redes sociais se resume a apenas duas coisas simples. O público e os algoritmos. E em ambos os casos, a chave para obter mais alcance, mais engajamento e mais seguidores se resume a dar a eles exatamente o que eles desejam. E a boa notícia aqui é que ambos desejam exatamente as mesmas coisas. Seu público deseja conteúdo interessante, divertido, educacional ou valioso. E os algoritmos querem que você crie conteúdo interessante, divertido, educacional ou valioso. Porque esse é o tipo de coisa que vai manter o seu público engajado e na plataforma pelo maior tempo possível, o que vai permitir que o Instagram ganhe muito mais dinheiro. Então, como você faz isso? Boa pergunta, Adão. Estou feliz que você perguntou. O segredo para criar conteúdo que tanto o seu público quanto os algoritmos adoram se resume a combinar dois ingredientes ou elementos diferentes, peças, pequenos blocos empilhados. A primeira parte é a mensagem e o próprio conteúdo. E a segunda parte é a forma como o conteúdo e a mensagem são empacotados e apresentados ao público quando publicados nas redes sociais. Agora, tenho algumas coisas muito legais para compartilhar com vocês sobre a primeira parte e como criar conteúdo verdadeiramente viral que obtenha engajamento, seguidores e compartilhamentos sempre que você postar. Mas primeiro, precisamos falar sobre a parte dois, que é como você vai encerrar tudo isso e divulgá-lo para que as pessoas realmente vejam. Afinal, não importa quão boa seja a sua mensagem se ninguém a vir. E agora, há um formato específico que funciona melhor na maioria, senão em todas as diferentes plataformas de mídia social, e esse formato é o vídeo vertical curto. Instagram e Facebook, bem, eles chamam isso de reais. O YouTube os chama de curtas. O LinkedIn tem vídeos nativos, que não precisam ser curtos ou verticais, então ninguém sabe realmente o que está acontecendo lá. E o Tik Tok apenas os chama de vídeos ou Tik Toks. Mas como você os chama, não é importante aqui. O que é importante é a questão de como você pode criar conteúdo resumido que capture os corações, mentes, olhos e carteiras de seu mercado-alvo ideal. Então, deixe-me explicar isso a seguir. Quando comecei a fazer marketing, há mais de 10 anos, blogar e ter um blog otimizado para SEO ou mecanismo de pesquisa era a chave para o sucesso. Isso ocorre porque o Google foi o principal gerador de tráfego para a maioria das empresas. E ter um site ou blog de alto nível era um dia de pagamento virtual garantido. E lembro-me de fazer inúmeros cursos sobre blogs e pesquisa de palavras-chave e escrever marketing de conteúdo e hospedagem WordPress. Basicamente, tudo e qualquer coisa necessária para manter um blog de sucesso. E funcionou incrível até que não funcionou. Veja bem, o que aconteceu foi que as plataformas de mídia social assumiram o papel de principal direcionador de tráfego para muitas empresas e começaram a entrar em cena e a mudar o comportamento do consumidor e as preferências de conteúdo, o que significou que eu precisava mudar. E se o Instagram não é uma parte fundamental da sua estratégia de mídia social ou você não está realmente atacando-o com uma espécie de mentalidade prática, então provavelmente você também precisará girar. E isso me leva perfeitamente ao tópico da arbitragem de atenção, que trata da identificação de plataformas, canais e oportunidades de mídia que oferecem uma quantidade desproporcional de alcance, engajamento e atenção em comparação com outras plataformas. E agora, o Instagram está lutando muito para chegar ao topo. Com mais de dois bilhões de usuários ativos mensais, o Instagram é um gigante. E praticamente não importa em que negócio, mercado ou setor você atua. As chances são muito boas de que você encontre uma parte substancialmente grande do seu mercado-alvo ideal presente, ativo e envolvente na plataforma. Infelizmente, seus concorrentes também sabem disso. É por isso que a variável para o sucesso não é apenas aparecer, isso é um dado adquirido, mas sim aparecer da maneira certa com o tipo certo de conteúdo. Mas se você perguntar à maioria das pessoas por que elas acham que algumas coisas se tornam virais enquanto outras partes do conteúdo são completamente ignoradas, é provável que você ouça algo parecido com isso sendo apenas pura sorte. Acaso, talvez destino, alguma ocorrência estranha que fez com que um conteúdo mágico obtivesse milhões, senão bilhões de impressões. Mas o fato é que, embora ninguém possa garantir que um conteúdo específico irá acumular centenas de milhões de visualizações, existem certas características e elementos que todos os conteúdos virais parecem ter em comum. Em outras palavras, você não pode fazer com que algo se torne viral. Mas se algo se tornar viral, provavelmente conterá esses elementos. Elementos que você pode aprender, usar e aplicar para dar a todo o seu conteúdo a maior probabilidade de sucesso possível. Em seu livro Contagious, o autor Jonah Burgerer compartilha o que torna as coisas populares, compartilhadas e virais. E há algumas lições muito práticas e práticas que quero compartilhar com vocês agora. Começando pela emoção. A maior parte do conteúdo viral transmite algum tipo de carga emocional, seja positiva por meio de sentimentos de admiração, excitação ou humor, ou negativa por meio de coisas como raiva ou ansiedade. Agora, não estou dizendo que você precisa ir lá e deixar as pessoas entusiasmadas o tempo todo. Mas é importante compreender que as emoções são um impulsionador muito mais poderoso nas vendas e no marketing do que apenas a lógica e os fatos diretos poderiam esperar ser. O próximo elemento é o valor prático. As pessoas compartilham coisas que ajudam outras pessoas. Isso não apenas faz com que eles se sintam bem ao ajudar alguém, mas também faz com que eles próprios pareçam bem por meio de um fenômeno psicológico conhecido como efeito halo, em que, ao compartilhar coisas boas, as pessoas têm maior probabilidade de associar coisas boas a você. Em seguida vêm os gatilhos, que é um dos fatores virais mais interessantes e poderosos de todos. Os gatilhos são imagens, sons e outros estímulos que nos lembram produtos e ideias relacionados. O exemplo perfeito disto é quando Nassau pousou um rover em Marte e Marte, a barra de chocolate, e não o planeta, viu um aumento nas vendas por causa de toda a atenção da mídia que Marte, o planeta, estava recebendo. Compreendo que você talvez não possua uma empresa com o nome de um planeta, mas isso não significa que não possa encontrar outras maneiras de associar seu produto, serviço, oferta ou mensagem a algo. algo mais parecido com o que a empresa de marketing CRN fez quando apresentou o Kit Kat e o café aos consumidores para que eles desfrutassem de uma barra de Kit Kat sempre que fizessem uma pausa para o café. Então, para ajudá-lo a fazer isso e muito mais, coloquei um vídeo aqui com algumas das minhas melhores estratégias de marketing que mostrarão exatamente o que está funcionando melhor no momento e como aplicá-lo em seu negócio e marketing. . Então, certifique-se de tocar ou clicar agora e vejo você lá em apenas um segundo.

  Top Comments:
  1. @priyankapanda7299 [1 likes]: Awesome 😎
  2. @jayeshtailor7042 [1 likes]: The quality of this content is top-notch.
  3. @shahdhassan6869 [1 likes]: Goals don't make you special; it's the work that does.
  4. @IsaGoler [1 likes]: Good jobs bro the best channel i love it
  5. @Adamerhartvideo: If you want the full system behind this video:

👉 Free AI Agency Course (+ $8,273 in bonuses)
https://adamerhart.co/3MtWEX2

Includes the exact templates, automations, and setup used in this video.
  6. @lock-h2q: This strategy sounds practical and beginner-friendly 👍 Definitely helpful for small businesses trying to grow organically on Instagram in 2026!
@IPweb
  7. @Princelovesugu: As soon as I saw your video, I thought, "Why don't you give me all the money you made from this video? I'll watch it too."
  8. @ShilaDas-e5l: Love it
  9. @donapolley1857: I got this link from IP Web. The video is very nice and I was able to learn by watching the video.
  10. @SabirAli-r7i3m: "IPWEB micro-tasks ke liye ek reliable platform hai. Iska payout system fast hai aur social media tasks ka volume hamesha achha rehta hai. Side income ke liye best option!"
  11. @entertainmenttonight8764: Great post ..
  12. @sohailshabir6250: Great and informative masterclass video, very helpful for beginners. Also, ipweb is a useful SEO and earning site for boosting online growth and income.
  13. @ibrahimjunaid273: IPweb provides a straightforward way to explore various online tasks and micro-jobs through a single interface. It's an interesting platform for those looking to see how diverse the digital gig economy can be.
  14. @dloo7665: I barely hear the music please turn it up 😂
  15. @stephennorski2843: NASA did the Mars thing, not Nassau.
  16. @fantik9138: I've been using IPweb for social media promotion lately, and the results are impressive! It’s a great service if you’re looking to boost your engagement and grow your audience naturally. Highly recommend giving it a try!
  17. @nourmohammed4618: I think that’s good the IPweb promotion service
  18. @AsmaaGalal-i1w: Amazing
  19. @meneybernard5636: with highlighed tips the results are outstanding..the video was helpful
  20. @MohamedMostafa-dt2mv: "This is super helpful! Definitely gonna try these tips 👌💡"

- Are Ads Sabotaging Your Happiness? The Emotional Manipulation Exposed: Kind: captions Language: en You already know we are constantly bombarded with ads convincing us that if we want to be happy, sexy, loved, or successful, their product is the answer. Here's what most people don't realize. They almost never directly sell the product itself. And this is quietly and almost imperceptibly changing the way that we see ourselves and the world around us. They're using a hidden tactic called selling the products products product. Let me explain. They're not just selling a weight loss pill. They're not even really selling the product of the pill, which is weight loss. What they're really selling is the life you imagine that weight loss will give you. That happiness, confidence, attention, relationships, and success. They want you to believe that happiness is the product of weight loss, which is the product of their pill. They are trying to make you believe that they are selling you happiness. Understanding this concept is vital. It's the first step to reclaiming your freedom, your ability to make healthy decisions, and your power to stop being manipulated by what companies and media want you to think and do. Now, I don't believe that all advertising is evil, but after working for an advertising agency and after taking tons of courses and programs to learn marketing, I am now hyper aware of the intentional manipulation used in marketing. And I believe that we all need to be aware of how ads affect us so we can keep control of our emotions and not let anyone else decide what should be important to us. Ads love to promise us happiness, success, and fulfillment through things that we buy. From luxury cars to the latest gadgets, it's all designed to make us believe that products equal joy. Studies show that constant exposure to advertising can increase feelings of inadequacy and decrease overall happiness. Think about this for a second. If you've ever tried to lose weight, why? Where did you get the idea that your body has to be shaped a certain way for you to be healthy and happy? Even if you got that idea from your friends or parents, where do you think they got that idea? Or think about something you really want right now, something tangible like a car or even a cool vacation. Think of all the reasons that you want that thing. Where did those reasons come from? The next time you watch a car or truck commercial, pay attention. They don't just pop the car up on the screen and tell you about all the new features. Instead, they connect that car with a bunch of human desirable experiences. They take the truck over rough terrain and load it up with fresh caught fish, then park it by a campfire where the fish are being roasted. They sell you an identity. They're not selling you the truck. They're not even selling you what the truck does, which technically is just carry you from one place to another. They sell you the identity of an outdoorsman and you very naturally start to associate that product which is the truck with that identity. Here are a few other ways that ads and media try to appeal to your emotions and deepest wants. When you see limited time offer or only a few left in stock, that's FOMO or fear of missing out. It triggers urgency and anxiety, making you feel like if you don't buy right now, you'll miss out. Playing on a very human fear. Then there's social proof. Ads show testimonials, celebrities, and everybody's doing it messages to convince you that everyone else is happy and you'll be happy, too, if you get this product. and nostalgia as used childhood memories or family moments to tug at your heartstrings, creating a sense of comfort and belonging and linking that feeling directly to their product. Unfortunately, these tactics aren't harmless. Studies show that constant exposure to emotionally manipul manipulative ads can increase stress, dissatisfaction, and even anxiety. Think about it. How often do we buy something hoping it will fix our mood only to feel the same emptiness or stress afterwards? That's emotional buying in action. So, what do we do? Step one is just awareness. Simply notice when ads are triggering fear, comparison, or nostalgia. Step two, pause before you act. Breathe. Reflect. Ask yourself, "Do I really need this?" Here's a quick grounding technique that you can use. Inhale for four, hold for four, exhale for six. Just a few deep breaths can break the emotional pull of an ad. Remember, our happiness isn't in products. It's in connection, creativity, rest, and presence. Ads can't give you that. You can. By recognizing emotional targeting, you take back control over your emotions and your decisions. Some of the happiest people out there have very little and aren't even super aware of everything the modern world has to offer. Honestly, there's a lot of unnecessary stress that has come from our modern way of life. But is giving up modern conveniences really the secret to holistic health? I don't know if I want to give it up. Maybe that's just me. But maybe there's a better way. In this video down here, I'll discuss some of the healthy patterns we've lost over the years and how we can combine ancient patterns with modern advancements to live happier, healthier, and freer than anyone has ever thought possible.

- Truth Anti-Tobacco | Marketing Manipulation: Kind: captions Language: en Did you know one of the most successful public health campaigns ever actually used the tobacco industry's own manipulative playbook against them? The Truth Campaign didn't just tell teens not to smoke. It turned rebellion itself into an antismoking weapon. This remarkable story involves billions from a landmark lawsuit exposing secret industry documents and flipping the script on decades of tobacco marketing leading to a historic drop in teen smoking. [Music] In the late 1990s, teen smoking was rampant. Nearly one in four high schoolers smoked. Big tobacco had spent decades making smoking seem cool, rebellious, and adult. Traditional antismoking ads often fell flat. Then came the 1998 master settlement agreement. The major tobacco companies were forced to pay billions to states and crucially release millions of internal documents revealing their deceptive marketing tactics, especially those targeting youth. Part of this uh settlement money funded a new antismoking effort first in Florida and then nationally through uh the American Legacy Foundation, now Truth Initiative. Here's where the marketing brilliance begins. Instead of just repeating health warnings, the Truth Campaign analyzed why teens started smoking, often as an act of rebellion or to seem independent. um they decided to harness that same desire for rebellion against the tobacco industry. Um what's particularly interesting is how they used the industry's own internal documents. Ads featured shocking facts pulled directly from tobacco company memos exposing their lies about addiction, harmful ingredients, and marketing strategies. Something you might not realize, the campaign's core message wasn't just smoking is bad, but big tobacco is manipulating you, lying to you, and profiting from your addiction. It positioned rejecting tobacco as the true act of rebellion against a deceitful corporate power. The psychological insight was remarkable. They used edgy youth focused advertising, guerilla marketing stunts like piling body bags outside Philip Morris HQ and grassroots tours. They never preached. They presented the truth and empowered teens to see not smoking as the cool independent choice. The outcome was astonishing. The truth campaign resonated powerfully with young people. Teen smoking rates began a dramatic decline. Here's what's truly fascinating. Between 2000 and today, the smoking rate among youth plummeted from nearly 23% down to under 2%. While multiple factors contributed, numerous studies credit the truth campaign as a major driver of this public health success story. The cultural shift was extraordinary. The campaign won awards not just for effectiveness, but for creativity, proving that public health messages could be edgy, engaging, and cool. This marketing campaign didn't just discourage smoking. It changed the social norm and exposed the manipulative tactics of a powerful industry on a massive scale. But the story's influence extends far beyond just cigarettes. And the truth campaign demonstrated the power of counter marketing and using an industry's own tactics against itself. Something most advertising discussions overlook. The campaign's success relied heavily on the transparency forced by the master settlement agreement. Access to internal documents provided the damning evidence needed to expose the industry's manipulation. What's particularly striking is how effectively the campaign shifted the narrative. Smoking went from a symbol of rebellion to a sign of being duped by corporate interests. The technique was so effective that the Truth Initiative continues to use similar strategies today, adapting its focus to combat youth vaping by exposing the tactics of the ecigarette industry. And here's what most people never realize. By arming teens with the truth about industry manipulation, the campaign empowered them to make healthier choices, proving that exposing manipulation can be the most effective marketing of all. This is marketing manipulation. The campaigns we explore didn't just sell, they changed how we think, act, and live. Understanding them gives you power. Want to apply these same principles to sell a lot more of your stuff? Visit benmcgary.com to learn how. Until then, subscribe for more.

- The Psychology of Marketing Manipulation: Kind: captions Language: en 16,000 units called out a deal oh hi I didn't see you there welcome to the wsw CEO accelerated Deluxe program for gifted leaders why don't you come a little closer there being the CEO of a multinational multi-billion pound business is no easy fee from getting customers to par with their hard-earned cash to KN the best ways to avoid paying there are so many things that you need to know to take your incredible business straight to the top and that's where I come in we provide highle training to CEOs that are ready to take Dynamic action in their lives if that sounds like you remain in your Herman Miller luxury executive office chair and ask yourself do you have what it takes are you prepared to put in your all to craft your legacy do you have what it takes to take your business to the Moon perhaps don't stop this VHS as all will be revealed in this video roll the [Music] tape I put together some really impressive deals the internet is cool free Tri the internet is cool prend for you to do business you'll need the following items a tie a trendy sports jacket telephone to do business on hello a fashionable hat these items you'll be able to do business anywhere on the planet just shake their hands and smash the competition and up next multile marketing another way that you can attempt to ship products on the unsuspecting masses is using multi-level marketing or MLM mlms are a highly deceptive source of business you can provide a series of incentives for them recommending your products and services to friends and family but beyond the products MLM can even Recruit new members into the culture the hierarchical structure that provides most benefits to those at the top in this pyramid likee structure scratch that for legal reasons we can't call it a pyramid-like structure in this three-sided vertically oriented plan or teop in our revolutionary new business structure new members will be incentivized to recruit more people to the T-Bob in exchange for potentially lucrative business opportunities but where did these benefits and opportunities come from well we charge a fee to the new members and get those benefits directly out of their pockets when they're on the subscription plan and they want to recuperate their initial investment they're going to want to recruit new members themselves and those new members will Recruit new members and so on and so logically this could continue until the entire world is part of our business and by then we could probably look outwards to the Stars and try to make aliens a part of our business scan I mean Victors in our business plan this as a side note make sure your new recruits don't choose your business as a couple for any illicit activities or you could end up sued by the government of India and banned from practicing the entire country and make sure all those real and legitimate counts where they can be found good you need a drink that quenches your thirst try Mountain Dew Code Red doesn't that look like a delicious beverage great drink pour this away will you product placement when it comes to getting your brand seen by millions of consumers around the globe one way to go about things is to inject it into their eyeballs and literally force them to experience your product or service by directly sponsoring popular and entertaining pieces of content like movies shows and video games stop it stop it please I bet you product placement began in the 19th century as a way for Brands and movies to work together incorporating products into the works to create a sense of realism or develop corporate Synergy in the 1930s Proctor and Gamble uni and other fast moving consumer goods Brands worked with the US Radio Broadcasting Service to develop a whole new style of integrated advertisement so poit the so proper was launched as a new type of show one so in League with the corporations it was named directly after its soapy benefactors brought to you by Dash the safe sudsing detergent that gives you outstanding cleaning in your automatic soap operas regularly included characters in the show using or talking about the products that their corporate overlords required them to push in the show madman they often discuss Brands such as Lucky Strike and able what do you want I wanted to get some details regarding however due to the context of the show these product Integrations are far more natural and less jarring than say the Chilean edit of Star Wars if you don't know the story on this one when the films were originally broadcast in Chile in 2003 it was promoted to be without advertising however there was a catch the catch was that the Broadcasting Company had cut a backend deal with a local beer known as sesa Crystal and had agreed to awkwardly splice in additional scenes containing popular Star Wars characters enjoying a local big in a galaxy far far away if you're a Chilean who has never seen the original edit of Star Wars Sasa Crystal seems as integral to the plot as Obi-Wan Kenobi or R2-D2 imagine only ever seeing this version of Star Wars and spending the rest of your life wondering why no one else knows what you're talking about when you reference the scene where Obi-Wan hands Luke a Sasa Crystal which reminds me I have something here for you the concept of Designing entire realities solely for the proliferation of moving products is a much more advanced tactic than simply paying por tradies to drink a Pepsi Crystal all I see is Darkness Paul Crystal Pepsi another way to get our glorious product into the hands of the impressionable masses is to pay famous people to say that it's good on the internet this tactical business strategy is known as influencer marketing and it can revolutionize how your business works today although instead of Brads weaving their way into Harry Potter 5 and the 11 dwarfs they subtly insert themselves into your social media feed by paying celebrities you like that act as a Direct Corporate mouthpiece the fastest growing sports drink in history these nuts taste so good I believe so much in the mission of a shadow Legend nordvpn a big and tasty for just a dollar how do you do it what's your secret influence of marketing has grown to one of the largest and most effective forms of advertising in our modern era and that's strategic AF in 2024 corporations will spend over $24 billion on influencer marketing which is over three times larger than the amount in 2019 wrong the but then the wasn't the for the next L it was the take for out for face cre I wanted to get a new story but I'm reading about face cream and I'm trying to click out of it but the ey is following me it's following me all the screen working with influencers doesn't just give Brands visibility also gives them access to the trust and credibility generated by influencers over their years of developing parasocial relationships on the internet for example for many years one of the P sponsors of the Joe Rogan podcast was flashlight and this kind of makes sense when you think about it considering that the show primarily appeals to males in 18 to35 demographic this show all shows are sponsored by the Fleshlight the life of an influencer looks like a sweet G with one company looking to pay a content creator the $70,000 a year to smoke I love business not everything is sweet as influencers can be big personalities making them hard to work with and difficult from consistent long-term profitable business relationships influencers might do something stupid that makes your brand look bad there are many such cases of controversy from Kanye West declaring his love of the works of a particularly badly behaved German painter to celebrities like Kendall Jenner jar R and DJ CED getting involved in things like fire Festival crypto scam and the promotion of a series of low quality and fake products and business skips so when it comes to reaching the masses it helps to have a friendly face or two or 100 goal of big business is to make big money and to get there it helps have a big audience of even bigger idiots so we not against using your favorite creativ as a puppet in all evil business PL what's up everybody it's your boy Yeezy here to tell you about wacky scam warehouse.com wacky scam warehouse.com is more Innovative than the iPhone wacky scam warehouse.com is has more power than the entire might of the FBI the CIA and they could easily defeat the entire world without having to even sell these amazing t-shirts but you know they're going to sell them anyway don't we people we love our wacky scam warehouse.com so hun I need you to go to Wacky scam warehouse.com for exclusive content merch and so much more from a-listers to z-listers celebrities hold the keys to the kingdom and their mere endorsement can turn a small Etsy store into a household in farter than you could say hey Kim Kardashian just promoted a whole range of sketchy supplements on her Instagram page for legal reasons these supplements may or may not be entirely fine but at the end of the day I'm not a doctor but neither is she so and if you follow these steps correctly you'll be drinking cocktails on a beach in Mexico in no time STW hello sir I think they've finally caught you you need to make your way back to the office immediately hold on Shred the documents Shred the documents what like a lion TI screen h fire Speed Demon own heads down higher cash up double bags diamonds in the presenting the greatest business advice of all time the liar's guide to advertising proven to double or even triple your corporate success in less than 30 days all your money back call now 1800 5556 21 that's 1800 555 6421 guide to advertising just one low fee of 995 plus5 shpp this tape is not sold in stores so like And subscribe on this video to secure more content and avoid disappointment visit link tre.com interet is cool to view more stuff that's link.com inter isol to view more stuff this is been a sponsored business Announcement by The Wacky scam Warehouse we do not endorse the Safety and Security of this prod I think we got away like And subscribe subscribe for next time hopefully there'll be another video bye now people with no Tech skills can scam others there are also other criminal tools on telegram that let they have sne coin at the wacky the internet is cool the internet sure is cool whereare made me happy made me smile nice

  Top Comments:
  1. @An-Orange-Fox [4 likes]: I got recommended this my the algorithm and im not mad. 😅
  2. @tobythewilson [3 likes]: i support alien businesses
  3. @HarryTheLoser [2 likes]: "HELLO?"
"NO I'M IN AN ART GALLERY!"
"NAH, IT'S RUBBISH!"
  4. @rejectconvenience [2 likes]: Easiest sub in years - great work!
  5. @TrendjackersOfficial [2 likes]: :face-red-smiling-live:
  6. @Hanna55472 [2 likes]: This was fun
  7. @ShockWhorror [2 likes]: For the algorithm 🦖
  8. @gugugaga666-c7p [2 likes]: This should be shown at business schools all around the world.
  9. @955099 [1 likes]: polskis approve
  10. @jonchowe [1 likes]: Wad iz habbedig!?!?
  11. @GeoPigUK [1 likes]: YO 🔥🔥🔥
  12. @CreateByFire: I like your style. I will definitely subscribe to this :)
  13. @lh9808: Thank you for all of the information i just bought 600 cerveza cristals 🙏🙏🙏
  14. @jonchowe: What is that weird occult symbol you show when you play the "dollar sign" sound?

- How to recognize a master manipulator | Dan Jones | TEDxReno: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] have you ever known someone that seemed totally genuine your conversations were engaging and you agreed on so much but then it happened while claiming to have your back they violated your trust and you learned that much of your relationship was a lie making matters worse maybe even blamed yourself wondering what you did wrong now if this sounds familiar then you and I have something in common we've both been manipulated and I bet those who don't think they've been manipulated probably don't realize it yet in fact as we speak it is likely that someone somewhere is planning to manipulate you and because it happens to everyone it's not only more common than we think but it shows how little we know about how to prepare ourselves for it as a professor who's studied manipulation for more than two decades I think we need to fix that it's unacceptable to me that the science of manipulation has done little to help those being manipulated we have failed you as a science so I want to talk about how to recognize different types of manipulative people and what to do when you find yourself face Toof face with them we can learn to turn the tables on these manipulative types by using their strategic thinking against them with romance schemes catfishing investment fraud and workplace manipulation all around us the study of manipulation has never been more important but the study of manipulative people has a fragmented history there were forensic researchers studying psychopathy there were clinical researchers studying narcissism and there were behavioral researchers studying machanism now you've probably heard the term psychopath or sociopath you've almost certainly heard the term narcissist before maybe even used it to describe an X but many don't know what we mean by melanism the masters of manipulation and you know lot of people don't even pronounce it right Nicolo mlli was a political adviser who advocated for ruthless and duplicitous tactics and those who agreed with maii's philosophy tended to be manipulative in their personal lives melanism represents a cautious and rational way of gaining power they manipulate but they do so strategically which makes them exceptionally dangerous and they're no warnings are obvious signs individuals high in melanism seek power any way they can get it and they're in it for the long run when referring to all three traits psychopathy narcissism and melanism researchers simply call them the dark Triad in 2002 my mentor D paus and his student Kevin Williams wanted to draw researchers attention to the fact that we were studying these traits and isolation and the three literatures needed to merge by the time that 2022 ended the original dark Triad paper had been cited over 6,000 times and its presence has forever changed the conversation on manipulation but despite more than 20 years of rapid growth I was sad on its 20th anniversary sad because after all the time knowing the harm they cause virtually no research have been done on how to protect us from them many people consider psychopathy to be the most dangerous of the dark Triad traits I disagree perhaps in a dark alley or in a moment one-on-one that may be true but Psychopaths lacked a strategic planning necessary to maintain power for any length of time so while a narcissist will charm you and a psychopath will mug you a Macallan will invade you and there they're not doing it to look good so they won't stumble on their egos they're not doing it for Thrills so they won't act on impulse a well-prepared mellan is like the lion you don't see and they've been planning their attack longer than you realize now I've been studying all three dark Triad traits for most of my career but I've spent most of my time studing machanism now I say trait because it's important to understand these people will not change to date there are no effective interventions getting these people to care about others making matters worse melanism is a sneaky trait in every respect possible yes they're sneaky in how they deal with people but they're also sneaky in that they predict harm less consistently than psychopathy in fact virtually any harmful outcome predicted by melanism is likely to be predicted even more eagerly by a psychopath so some have called into question whether we need to study machanism or will it forever play second fiddle to the better predictor of psychopathy well through series of experiments my colleagues and I have shown it is when macallans act not what they'll do that differentiates them from psychopathy psychopaths are impulsive and driven by immediate gratification they simply act and do not think twice about it narcissists are driven by their egos and whether it's a good idea or not they'll claim a sense of superiority to the death but individuals high in machanism weigh the pros and cons of a given action and take the path that benefits them the most so if melanism consists of all the Strategic manipulation is there an upside to the trait because they do adapt well to their environment as it turns out yes my colleagues and I have been studying how individuals high in melanism deal with it when they personally have a leader or a coworker who is manipulative and when we studied which of the dark trial traits did best under this destructive leadership it was indeed machanism under destructive leaders individuals high in machanism were actually had better mental health outcomes and were promoted at a higher rate than all the other types of people so I have begun reexamining the MCU valan character trying to determine if we can harness the non-toxic elements of this trait to help otherwise good-hearted people when they must face manipulation and in a way what I propose is nothing new The Art of War and 48 Laws to power and many books like those Advocate turning to deceptive strategies to fight the good fight but as they say the devil's in the details and while it is important to learn how to defend ourselves the best way possible it is equally important to to learn how to do this without slipping into becoming manipulative ourselves for example individuals high in machanism are emotionally guarded and treat people based on their utility they think rationally about their payouts and focus on their bottom line so can we apply this to toxic others let's say you have a manipulative boss but you're stuck you can't leave and you can't avoid interpersonal contact I'm training people to think okay this is a chess match they have a lot of utility for me financially but are harmful emotionally I'm going to focus on external gains here and plan my next move I will be responsive not reactive because if I'm reactive emotionally or otherwise and I'm playing right into their game and that's a place I do not want to be in fact if the best way to breathe for a ding person is CPR then the best way to breathe in a toxic relationship is CBR that stands for cold bottom line rational let's start with cold that means emotionally guarded their biggest weapon is your emotions and they'll try to tap them using things like guilt or Charm so don't give them access treat the person like a paycheck not a pal my friend once dealt with an abusive supervisor by imagining money pouring into his bank account every moment he was with that supervisor another friend told me she imagined her boss was literally a walking checkbook okay next bottom line decide what your bottom line is and pursue it are you there to support your family then remind yourself of this bottom line every chance you get and and craft your responses in a way that maximizes the outcome for your family and don't fight emotional battles win the financial war finally rational make those battles about outcomes not appearances no manipulative person has ever fallen to their knees and confessed you're right it's all true I'm a horrible person so keep realistic goals in mind a battle over what you see as a matter of principle will get you nowhere because they have no principles now I want to caution everyone that this tactic has no place in healthy relationships and healthy relationships are the goal mutual respect and empathy are where we want to be in all our social interactions but some simply don't play by these rules and you will encounter one or more of a dark tried person at some point in your life so these tactics are only reserved for when you're dealing with a manipul person and as a last resort if a leader or coworker is being manipulative at work then report them to human resources and leave if you can but if you are stuck training you to think like a Machiavellian and breathe using the CBR method might be a reasonable solution to get through it until you can get away now I'm hoping that we understand a little bit more about the ma EV character along with the other dark Triad traits we're at least prepared and aware of what we may face and by studying macu valanis more deeply we can recognize strategic manipulation when it occurs even better maybe we can manipulate the manipulator and give them a taste of their own medicine by using strategic behavior that harnesses cold bottom line and rational thinking when it is necess Neary so now we've all taken our first steps towards dealing with manipulation although I can't promise you'll handle every situation perfectly at least at least you're prepared to recognize manipulation when it occurs and have some tools that will help you deal with it and it's my hope that in the next 20 years of dark Triad research we won't just be talking about these traits but how to deal with them in real IC ways that way when you find yourself face to face with a manipulator you can breathe using the CBR method to get through it until you can get away and what we share won't be the manipulation it'll be the knowledge of how to handle it thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Janiacster: CBR love it. Cold bottom line Rational. I'm just $$$ for them.
  2. @Janiacster: Stephan Miller?
  3. @nighthawk759: A.i are masters of manipulation too they have mastered these tactics to keep you talking in threads read the output carefully they stroke egos to keep you talking lol
  4. @kevinlocke4515: Gaslighting isn't real, you're just crazy.
  5. @KaminiWood-itsauthenticme: The most dangerous manipulators rarely look dangerous at first—pay attention to repeated patterns, not just words, especially when confusion and self-doubt become constant.
  6. @Spio101: Truth be told everyone is a manipulator even the one than thinks they are protecting themselves against the manipulator. The best approach is to live by godly principles and leave vengeance to o God. Some call it Katma but God will repay.
  7. @omom29344: I was manipulated in to watching this talk by Ted
  8. @kamboa1: Yes ungodly behavior 👏
  9. @Quake2022: do you know anyone who'd like to observe a Victim Narcissist Machiavellian Sadist in action?  please let me know!
  10. @RobRuffMusic: These types of people are also sociopaths... They see social interactions as chest matches, not actual human connection.
  11. @Arko-c7p: W intro
  12. @arschleckerify: Just mention two things Trump said last week and you have all you need of an example ..
  13. @eus38io: Trait 1.....
Trait 2....
............... nothing
  14. @eus38io: He is manipulating with a very long introduction 😂
  15. @sreddy9889: Angels just have to find the tricksters until they all start pointing at each other...
  16. @RK-pc4dm: Brilliant realizations! Some of this has already been helpful in my personal game of Battleship.
  17. @tyler6god: “Therefore be wise as serpents and innocent as doves.”
— Matthew 10:16b

7:29
  18. @Highlander-ao: the guy is being manipulated he just breaths angry i as done couple days ago
  19. @nainaadakasoor: Now I am scared
  20. @Warriorforchrist99-v2f: My father married one

- This Is How Marketers Are Secretly Controlling You: Kind: captions Language: en ever wondered why some ads stick in your mind others fade away like a bad dream welcome to mastering mind control where we unlock the secrets behind how you're influenced every single day today we're diving into a game Cher storytelling and marketing trust me by the end of this video you'll see ads in a whole new light so what's the deal with storytelling why is it everywhere let's break it down storytelling and marketing isn't just about telling a tale it's about connection it's a way to turn simple marketing messages into something Unforgettable imagine a plain burger ad saying our burgers are tasty now compare that to a story about a family bonding over a meal at a burger joint which one hits harder That's The Power of Storytelling here's the secret stories make make us feel and emotions are everything in marketing when a story Sparks happiness Nostalgia or even a little fear it sticks it's why Brands like Nike don't just sell shoes they sell inspiration why Coke doesn't just sell drinks they sell moments of Joy these are what we call marketing stories all boils down to Consumer psychology when a brand Taps into what we feel think or dream of it builds trust and loyalty that's where storytelling Tech techniques come in hooking us with emotions we can't ignore but how do Brands actually pull this off what techniques do they use to make us feel so connected stick around because in the next part we're spilling those Secrets two techniques of manipulative storytelling all right so you get it storytelling grabs our attention but why does it really work how does it tap into our brains so deeply that we don't even notice we're being pulled in buckle up because we're diving into the psychology Behind these stories and trust me it's more than just fairy tales welcome to the world of Mind manipulation 2.1 cognitive biases in play let's start with something called the empathy Gap ever noticed how an emotional story can completely bypass your logic you might know a product is overpriced or unnecessary but if the ad tugs at your heartstrings you'll still want it that's the empathy Gap in action our emotions often override our logic thinking marketers know this so they create stories that hit us in our emotional core and that's how they convince us we need something even when we know we don't then there's confirmation bias you've probably seen ads that align perfectly with your beliefs or values brands do this on purpose they craft stories that validate your world view making you feel understood and supported it's like they're saying we get you and when that happens we're more likely to trust the brand and buy from them it's not just selling a product it's selling the idea that you belong 2.2 narrative Transportation now let's talk about narrative Transportation ever watch a commercial or an ad and feel like you're actually part of the story that's narrative Transportation when you're so immersed in the story you suspend disbelief and truly believe the message it's like watching a movie and forgetting it's a movie marketers use this technique to pull you into their world making their product or service feel like an essential part of the narrative this emotional immersion is powerful when you're hooked like this you're not just being persuaded you're convinced 2.3 crafting relatable narratives next up relatability marketers aren't just telling random stories they're telling stories you can relate to think about the ads that make you go that's me Brands tap into personal or cultural touch points like family friendship or even shared struggles it's why you see ads that feature real people instead of models they're not trying to sell a product they're trying to make you feel like you're already part of their world and that connection it builds trust when you feel like the brand gets you you're way more likely to trust them and Trust equals sales 2.4 enhancing with Visual and auditory elements now let's talk about the power of colors music and visuals in storytelling ever notice how certain colors make you feel a certain way ready equals excitement blue equals trust yellow equals optimism these color choices aren't random they're carefully selected to evoke emotions that support the story being told and the music it's no accident either ever heard a song in an ad that made you feel pumped up or emotional That's The Power of sound to stir your emotions and reinforce the narrative together these elements heighten the emotional impact of the story and make it more memorable so next time you see an ad that gives you chills or gets you hyped remember it's not just the message it's the psychological magic happening behind the scenes real world case studies storytelling that changed the game all right we've broken down the psychology behind storytelling but let's take a step back and look at some of the best examples of Storytelling that have completely changed the marketing game these aren't just ads they're legends that built Empires let's Jump Right In 3.1 Coca-Cola's Share a Coke campaign first up Coca-Cola this one's a classic in 2011 Coca-Cola swapped their logo with people's names on bottles share a coke with Sarah or share a coke with John it was a genius move why because it made the story personal suddenly Coke wasn't just a drink it was something you could connect with it wasn't about refreshing yourself it was about sharing a moment with someone you care about the emotional connection it sparked was huge people bought Coke just to see their name or their friends names on the bottle this wasn't just an ad it was personalized storytelling that made people feel special like they were part of a bigger story and guess what that emotional bond led to more sales stronger brand loyalty and millions of social media shares Coca-Cola turned a simple bottle of soda into an experience and that's the power of emotional storytelling 3.2 apples think different campaign next let's talk about Apple in 1997 they launched their think different campaign and it changed everything instead of just selling gadgets Apple sold a mindset the ad featured images of revolutionary figures like Albert Einstein Martin Luther King Jr and Picasso they weren't selling a product they were selling an idea be different challenge the norm think outside the box this wasn't just an ad about a computer it was about a movement Apple wasn't just positioning itself as a tech company it was positioning itself as a symbol of creativity Innovation and Rebellion against the status quo and because the story resonated with the values of millions Apple turned itself into a brand you could believe in people didn't just buy Apple products because they were cool they bought them because they believed in what Apple stood for that's how powerful storytelling can transform a brand into a global icon 3.3 dov's real Beauty campaign and lastly Dove their real Beauty campaign broke the mold in 2004 and it's still being talked about today instead of showing airbrushed super super models Dove featured real women of all shapes sizes and ages the story was about celebrating true beauty not the Perfect Image Society pushes Dove said we don't need to fit the mold we are the mold what made this campaign Stand Out wasn't just the message it was the story of empowerment and self-acceptance women everywhere felt represented and valued not just for how they looked but for who they were and Dove didn't just sell soap they built an emotional connection by changing the conversation around beauty standards this campaign wasn't just about selling a product it was about shifting societal Norms conclusion key takeaways and call to action all right let's wrap this up here's what we've learned storytelling isn't just a marketing tool it's a psychological weapon from Coca-Cola's Personal Touch to Apple's revolutionary mindset and Dove's real Beauty message stories are what connect Brands to our hearts they influence our decisions shape our beliefs and even challenge the way we see the world but remember there's a fine line between persuasion and manipulation when stories tap into our emotions they can either Inspire us or control us it's up to us as consumers to stay aware and recognize when we're being sold a story not just a product now I want to hear from you have you ever bought something because of a powerful story or maybe you've noticed an ad that felt a little too manipulative drop your thoughts and experiences in the comments below I'd love to hear what you think and if you found this video helpful don't forget to like subscribe and hit the that Bell icon for more insights into how the world of marketing shapes our minds until next time keep mastering your mind control

  Top Comments:
  1. @sanjaymukherjee5096 [1 likes]: Sir can u make a video on repetition tactics to control over a conversation
  2. @nishkarshsharma2520 [1 likes]: ❤
  3. @CrazyOfficial-fv4kw: Why you quit your whatsApp channel
  4. @SimranpreetsinghLaddi: You really changed my way to see the world thank you so much bro
  5. @cloudwithgauri: I am new to marketing and I have surfed a lot on youtube, notes etc. there is no such video in a such a short span of time which made me understand marketing! 
keep on bringing more such videos!
  6. @ragnarok1622: 🤣🤣true even illegal drugs marketed in the news in the news they give street value price  of illegal drugs   🤣🤣🤣
  7. @Th3Orakel: need  more videos likes this
  8. @HrideshGurung: Bro is training people to escape metrix

- Our Consumer Society: Kind: captions Language: en-US We live in a consumer society. Our lives revolve&nbsp; around shops, supermarkets, new experiences, new&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff, a world surrounded by image, advertising,&nbsp; marketing, one-day delivery, product placement,&nbsp;&nbsp; gadgets and fast fashion. We are – supposedly -&nbsp; shallow, obsessed with the self, narcissistic and&nbsp;&nbsp; vein, building personal castles of consumption&nbsp; on the foundations of we don’t really need. But is this true? In some sense, of course,&nbsp; we’ve always consumed. And while we do&nbsp;&nbsp; consume the latest frivolous fashion&nbsp; and want the latest pointless gadget,&nbsp;&nbsp; we also consume meaningful things -&nbsp; new foods and books, travel and art. So consumerism is a broad and vague concept. From&nbsp; the latin – consumere – it used to mean to use&nbsp;&nbsp; up and was limited to candles, food, drink,&nbsp; wood – things that you would literally consume,&nbsp;&nbsp; would disappear. But its obvious that throughout&nbsp; the modern period and increasingly from the&nbsp;&nbsp; 1950s, something has changed. Something&nbsp; new has happened. A consumer revolution,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe? Consumption expanded, across the&nbsp; globe, across the classes. It began to&nbsp;&nbsp; dominate our lives. At some point we&nbsp; transformed into a consumer society. The consumer society is different from previous&nbsp; forms of consumption. We have a wider variety&nbsp;&nbsp; of goods and shops, more pervasive marketing,&nbsp; everything is commercialised and exchanged, and&nbsp;&nbsp; consumerism has become not just about producing&nbsp; new goods, but has become a cultural phenomenon. In his classic 1993 book Land of Desire,&nbsp;&nbsp; historian William Leach says that "The&nbsp; cardinal features of this culture were&nbsp;&nbsp; acquisition and consumption as the means of&nbsp; achieving happiness; the cult of the new;&nbsp;&nbsp; the democratisation of desire; and money value as&nbsp; the predominant measure of all value in society.’ And historian Peter Sterns defines consumerism&nbsp;&nbsp; as: ‘a society in which many people formulate&nbsp; their goals in life partly through acquiring&nbsp;&nbsp; goods that they clearly do not need for&nbsp; subsistence or for traditional display.’ So today, I want to explore our consumer world,&nbsp; our landscape of desire. What does consumerism&nbsp;&nbsp; mean? Is the term even useful? Is the West&nbsp; ‘shallow’? What does it do to us to be surrounded&nbsp;&nbsp; by image, advertising, and celebrity? Is&nbsp; consumerism making us ill, alienating us from our&nbsp;&nbsp; true selves? Is there any possibility of ethical&nbsp; or conscious consumption? Is there a way out? First, we need to look at the history of how&nbsp; consumerism developed, what we might have&nbsp;&nbsp; lost and when and why this change happened, to&nbsp; really understand what our consumer society is. Modern consumerism, as we understand it&nbsp; today, began to develop in the city states&nbsp;&nbsp; of renaissance Italy in the 15th century. Trade&nbsp; between the Far East, Middle East, and Europe&nbsp;&nbsp; increased, merchants became wealthier,&nbsp; and disposable income became more common. Artisans and shopkeepers traded&nbsp; in, owned, and collected increasing&nbsp;&nbsp; numbers of household wares like jars,&nbsp; bowls, plates, cutlery and textiles like&nbsp;&nbsp; clothes or curtains. Carvings and tapestries and&nbsp; art became more elaborate and more widespread. But the new economics of consumption&nbsp; – the newfound wealth of merchants&nbsp;&nbsp; exploring the globe - developed&nbsp; alongside an already existing moral&nbsp;&nbsp; economy in Italy that questioned consumerisms&nbsp; benefits and sought to moderate its excesses. Aristotle – whose works became more widely read&nbsp;&nbsp; during the renaissance – had argued that the&nbsp; displaying of wealth should be done virtuously.&nbsp;&nbsp; A wealthy man, he said, to be admired, should&nbsp; contribute to public works and communal feasts.&nbsp;&nbsp; Brash undirected luxury was&nbsp; immoral. It had no social use. For Plato, too, luxury led to laziness,&nbsp;&nbsp; corruption, and an inward drive for&nbsp; every increasing selfish desires. The ancient Stoics also rejected the idea of&nbsp; becoming attached to anything material and&nbsp;&nbsp; fleeting. Identifying with and becoming attached&nbsp; to an external world outside of your control would&nbsp;&nbsp; only lead to frustration when those attachments&nbsp; were challenged, perished, or were taken away.&nbsp;&nbsp; The Ancient Greeks, for the most&nbsp; part, had emphasized the inner life. The Christian Church, which of course had&nbsp; a strong presence in Renaissance Italy,&nbsp;&nbsp; adopted the values of these&nbsp; Ancient Greek philosophies. And so many in places like Florence,&nbsp; Venice and Milan were sceptical of&nbsp;&nbsp; this new commercial culture. The newly&nbsp; wealthy merchants had to ensure that&nbsp;&nbsp; their possessions were consistent with the&nbsp; conservative sensibilities of the time. In 1497, one friar started a ‘bonfire of&nbsp; vanities’ in the middle of Florence – board games,&nbsp;&nbsp; instruments, cosmetics, clothes and tapestries&nbsp; – anything that could tempt one to sin&nbsp;&nbsp; -were all burned as citizens&nbsp; danced around the bonfire. Venetians passed laws trying to regulate&nbsp; luxury, taxing spending at weddings and&nbsp;&nbsp; prohibiting certain dress styles, and&nbsp; tapestries more that 1.5m in length. As commerce thrived across Europe,&nbsp; other European states followed. In England, for example, wearing purple&nbsp; silk and gold was restricted to royals.&nbsp;&nbsp; In London in 1574, a tailor&nbsp; was sent to prison for wearing&nbsp;&nbsp; a ‘pair of hose lined with taffety, and a shirt&nbsp; edged wieth silver contrary to the ordinances’ While In much of Asia, the Buddhist tradition,&nbsp;&nbsp; much like the stoics, rejected the&nbsp; idea of attachment with possessions. It was only in the 18th century that&nbsp; these attitudes began to change. As global trade increased, people began collecting&nbsp; new and unique candlesticks, exotic linens and&nbsp;&nbsp; textiles, spices, tankards, birdcages,&nbsp; porcelains, stockings, pipes, and soaps. A taste for new foods and drinks – made&nbsp; cheaper and more abundant by the Atlantic slave&nbsp;&nbsp; trade – increased and consumers became addicted&nbsp; to coffee, tea, chocolate, and especially sugar. Cotton from plants – again, made cheaper with&nbsp; slave labour - instead of animals were cheaper,&nbsp;&nbsp; took dyes better and suddenly clothes&nbsp; became more colourful and more varied. All of this coincided with the&nbsp; development of modern marketing,&nbsp;&nbsp; advertising, and salesmanship as merchants&nbsp; sought new ways to promote new goods. English pottery maker Josiah Wedgwood invented&nbsp; the modern salesman in the 18th century. As historian Neil McKendrick writes Wedgwood used: ‘inertia-selling campaigns, product&nbsp; differentiation, market segmentation,&nbsp;&nbsp; detailed market research, embryonic self-service&nbsp; schemes, money-back-if-not-satisfied policies,&nbsp;&nbsp; free carriage, giveaway sales promotions,&nbsp; auctions, lotteries, catalogues… advanced credit,&nbsp;&nbsp; three-tier discount schemes, including major&nbsp; discounts for first orders, and almost every&nbsp;&nbsp; form of advertisement, trade cards, shop signs,&nbsp; letterheads, bill heads, newspaper and magazine&nbsp;&nbsp; advertisements, fashion plates and fashion&nbsp; magazines, solicited puffs, organized propaganda&nbsp;&nbsp; campaigns, even false attacks organized to produce&nbsp; the opportunity to publicize the counterattack ‘ Throughout the 19th century consumerism&nbsp; continued entering the home.&nbsp;&nbsp; In Britain, a new trend - Wallpaper led&nbsp; to sales going through the roof. Art,&nbsp;&nbsp; photography, and miniature replicas&nbsp; of statues and ornaments became&nbsp;&nbsp; cheaper to reproduce and manufacture.&nbsp; Clocks and watches became more popular. Then, glass windows were invented. Shop windows, glass cabinets and displays created&nbsp; a new relationship between the consumer good&nbsp;&nbsp; and the consumer. ‘Perhaps more than any other&nbsp; medium,’the historian JW Lungstrum writes, ‘glass&nbsp;&nbsp; democratized desire even as it&nbsp; democratized access to goods.’ And in the 20th century,&nbsp; DIY, tools, commercial music,&nbsp;&nbsp; radio, cinema, and television, technology&nbsp; and gadgets and computers supercharged the&nbsp;&nbsp; consumer revolution. McDonald opened its doors&nbsp; in 1955. Credit cards were introduced in 1958.&nbsp;&nbsp; Comic books and Hollywood, Microsoft,&nbsp; and Apple, took over the world. Supermarkets and shopping malls sprang up and&nbsp; governments invested in highways to connect them.&nbsp;&nbsp; In 1946 there were just 8 suburban&nbsp; shopping centres in the US,&nbsp;&nbsp; 14 years later in 1960 there were almost 4000. These new cathedrals of commerce&nbsp; epitomised the shift in culture.&nbsp;&nbsp; Famed architect Victor Gruen designed the largest&nbsp; shopping mall in the world in Detroit in 1952.&nbsp;&nbsp; It had a hundred stores, private roads, a&nbsp; power plant, a police force, a water system,&nbsp;&nbsp; and was designed as a self-contained city. Gruen’s&nbsp; next project in Minnesota was even more ambitious.&nbsp;&nbsp; He designed it so that deliveries, the organising&nbsp; of stock, the wires & pipes were accessed from the&nbsp;&nbsp; back, hidden from view, so that everything&nbsp; appeared on the shelves as if by magic. Gruen believed that these new developments could&nbsp; be the hearts of the new suburban communities&nbsp;&nbsp; that were springing up, that were in desperate&nbsp; need of a kind of spiritual communal core. Later&nbsp;&nbsp; in life he became appalled at how they turned&nbsp; out. He wrote that instead of providing the “need,&nbsp;&nbsp; place and opportunity for participation in&nbsp; modern community life that the ancient Greek&nbsp;&nbsp; Agora, the Medieval Market and Place, and&nbsp; our own Town Squares provided in the past,”&nbsp;&nbsp; they’d become ‘bastard developments’. He&nbsp; retired to Vienna, becoming a science fiction&nbsp;&nbsp; commenting on the environmental destruction&nbsp; our new suburban culture was causing. So while consumerism developed over centuries,&nbsp; the postwar consumer revolution – the one we’re&nbsp;&nbsp; all a product of and living in right now&nbsp; - was a fundamental break from the past.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mass consumption became national, international,&nbsp;&nbsp; advertising pervaded every living room through&nbsp; radio and television and then the internet.&nbsp;&nbsp; Disposable income increased (for many). Rock and&nbsp; roll, birth control, and the swinging sixties made&nbsp;&nbsp; hedonism and the enjoyment of new desires,&nbsp; respectable. But if consumerism is so broad,&nbsp;&nbsp; so vague, so far-reaching, what,&nbsp; really, does a consumer society mean? Ok, so we’ve looked at some history,&nbsp;&nbsp; what about the culture, the psychology, the&nbsp; sociology, the philosophy or consumerism. There is clearly not one single consumerism,&nbsp; though. We consume everything from food to music,&nbsp;&nbsp; to essential oils to new package experiences.&nbsp; Is it all just hedonistic? No, clearly not, we&nbsp;&nbsp; consume books and audio books and online lectures,&nbsp; we consume healthy foods we don’t necessarily&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoy, we use gadgets like sports watches&nbsp; that we don’t necessarily get pleasure from. But consumerism is even more complicated.&nbsp; It’s not just stuff. It’s a cultural activity,&nbsp;&nbsp; a subject, certain attitude towards the&nbsp; world. We have to remember that ‘going&nbsp;&nbsp; shopping’ and ‘being a consumer’ is a&nbsp; historical cultural activity that has&nbsp;&nbsp; norms – that’s done in different ways depending&nbsp; on the person, the place, the historical period.&nbsp;&nbsp; Its not just the act of purchasing and&nbsp; consumption – its the perspectives,&nbsp;&nbsp; the specific activities, the marketing,&nbsp; the relationships that go with it. Consumer groups and cooperatives&nbsp; and political parties and pressure&nbsp;&nbsp; groups and lobbies all developed&nbsp; throughout the 19the century.&nbsp;&nbsp; Consumers organized, there are book genres&nbsp; and discourses about shopping conscientiously,&nbsp;&nbsp; consumer groups lobby the states&nbsp; for rights and consumer protections. So apart from the obvious – an increase in&nbsp; global trade, the black death played a huge role,&nbsp;&nbsp; by the way – so many died that the people&nbsp; that survived were better off financially&nbsp;&nbsp; and had more disposable income – apart from this&nbsp; stuff, can we identify any cultural dynamics that&nbsp;&nbsp; might help us understand consumerism today?&nbsp; I think there are two that provide a good&nbsp;&nbsp; route into the psychology and sociology: the&nbsp; production of new desires and social mimicry. Some objects – some consumer goods,&nbsp; fulfill a simple natural biological&nbsp;&nbsp; need – we eat to satiate ourselves,&nbsp; we buy a bed to sleep on, a home&nbsp;&nbsp; to protect us from the elements. But&nbsp; we’re not just a needs species, we go&nbsp;&nbsp; beyond our simple needs, create new&nbsp; desires, new ways of being in the world. We seem to have a desire for the new&nbsp; – but really understanding what that&nbsp;&nbsp; means, has only developed over&nbsp; the past few hundred years. We can see this shift in what desire&nbsp; means across the 19th century. Sociologist Colin Campbell argues, for example&nbsp; that, Romanticism – that hugely influential&nbsp;&nbsp; pan-European movement that emphasised feelings,&nbsp; sentiments, emotions, novel experiences and&nbsp;&nbsp; adventure and creativity – was an important part&nbsp; of the development of the consumerism outlook. He wrote that the consumer ‘‘withdraw(s)&nbsp; from reality as fast as he encounters it,&nbsp;&nbsp; ever-casting his day-dreams forward in time,&nbsp; attaching them to objects of desire, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; subsequently “unhooking” them from these objects&nbsp; as and when they are attained and experienced’. As modernity developed and we were unshackled from&nbsp; the circularity of traditional life, of the same&nbsp;&nbsp; routines every day, month, and year, we began&nbsp; to want to collect something new: experiences. Oscar Wilde satirised this idea of new&nbsp; experiences in hi 1891 The Picture of Dorian Gray.&nbsp;&nbsp; Dorian exchanges his soul for everlasting youth&nbsp; so that he can live endlessly as a hedonist. As Rachel Bowlby writes that Gray ‘exchanges&nbsp; his moral self for the unbounded liberty&nbsp;&nbsp; of the new hedonist’, there is no limit to&nbsp; ‘to the number of personalities he can adopt,&nbsp;&nbsp; to the experiences he can try.’ The modern world created adventurers, explorers,&nbsp;&nbsp; dandies, and flaneurs, moving through the&nbsp; world just to collate and understand the new. Already in 1655, philosopher and scientist&nbsp; Robert Boyle had written that while&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘other creatures were content with&nbsp; easily attainable necessaries’,&nbsp;&nbsp; humans had ‘a multiplicity of&nbsp; desires’ and ‘greedy appetites.’ In 1741’s Fable of the Bees, Bernard Mandeville&nbsp; had argued against the received wisdom of&nbsp;&nbsp; Christianity, the Ancient Greeks and the Romans&nbsp; that private vice and selfish individual desire&nbsp;&nbsp; were pernicious. Instead, he said, they were&nbsp; socially useful - they created more trade,&nbsp;&nbsp; more commerce, and in the&nbsp; end made everyone better off. Scottish Enlightenment philosopher&nbsp; David Hume agreed to an extent&nbsp;&nbsp; writing that indolent luxury was still pernicious&nbsp; but that an ‘increase and consumption of all the&nbsp;&nbsp; commodities, which serve to the ornament and&nbsp; pleasures of life, are advantages to society’. When Wilde was writing in the 19th century,&nbsp; Paris was becoming an international a hotspot&nbsp;&nbsp; for new department stores placing a&nbsp; universe of exotic goods on display In The Ladies Paradise, Emile Zola wrote about&nbsp; the allure of the new stores. He called them&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘alters’ – a miracle – a ‘machine’ – and that&nbsp; ‘mad desires were driving all the women crazy. ‘ Other Parisians and critics talked about the new&nbsp; type of person: the flaneur – the person strolling&nbsp;&nbsp; aimlessly around the Parisian arcades, taking&nbsp; it all in, experiencing as much as possible. At the beginning of the 20th century, as&nbsp; Henry Ford popularized a new method of&nbsp;&nbsp; standarsized mass production, capitalists&nbsp; and then advertising executives on Madison&nbsp;&nbsp; Avenue wondered how new desires could be&nbsp; maintained, even created from thin air. The father of public relations and&nbsp; Freud’s nephew, Edward Bernays wrote that "Mass production is profitable only if its&nbsp;&nbsp; rhythm can be maintained." Business&nbsp; "cannot afford to wait until the public&nbsp;&nbsp; asks for its product; it must maintain constant&nbsp; touch, through advertising and propaganda…&nbsp;&nbsp; to assure itself the continuous demand which&nbsp; alone will make its costly plant profitable". Freud became central to the new advertising&nbsp; industry. Ad men drew on his theories of&nbsp;&nbsp; sexual desire, oral gratification, and&nbsp; the pleasure principle to sell new brands. The psychologist and marketer&nbsp; Ernest Dichter famously recommended:&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘don’t sell shoes – sell lovely feet!’ The shift was that consumerism&nbsp; and the marketing that was&nbsp;&nbsp; developing with it wasn't about needs&nbsp; it was about new fantasies, new lives,&nbsp;&nbsp; becoming a new and different person. It wasnt&nbsp; about the present, it was about the future. Lehman Brother’s Paul Mazur wrote that: "We must shift America from a&nbsp; needs, to a desires culture.&nbsp;&nbsp; People must be trained to desire, to want new&nbsp; things even before the old had been entirely&nbsp;&nbsp; consumed. We must shape a new mentality in&nbsp; America. Man's desires must overshadow his needs." Some of these new desires, new dreams and&nbsp; visions were practical – the washing machine&nbsp;&nbsp; freeing up the housewife’s time,&nbsp; the automobile, the typewriter–&nbsp;&nbsp; others were criticised as luxuries –&nbsp; sports cars and endless new fashions. Retail analyst Victor Lebow wrote in 1955:&nbsp; "Our enormously productive economy demands&nbsp;&nbsp; that we make consumption our way of life, that we&nbsp; convert the buying and use of goods into rituals,&nbsp;&nbsp; that we seek our spiritual satisfaction, our&nbsp; ego satisfaction, in consumption.… We need&nbsp;&nbsp; things consumed, burned up, replaced and&nbsp; discarded at an ever-accelerating rate." The landscape of desire was&nbsp; were production and consumption,&nbsp;&nbsp; marketing, advertising and the individual met. As the philosopher Jean Baurillard –&nbsp; who will come to shortly - points out&nbsp;&nbsp; in his classic The Consumer Society, heroes&nbsp; of production – colonizers, explorers,&nbsp;&nbsp; founders, industrialists – gave way to heroes&nbsp; of consumption – celebrities, gilded princes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and sports stars – notable figures that wore&nbsp; the latest designs and drove the flashiest cars. But we don’t just consume&nbsp; alone. We don’t invent our&nbsp;&nbsp; own desires independently. Those figures&nbsp; – the heroes of consumption – and our&nbsp;&nbsp; social life more broadly provide models for&nbsp; mimicry. We’re an inherently social species. In the old Royal Courts of Europe, adopting&nbsp; conspicuous styles stood one out from your&nbsp;&nbsp; competitors. Now, celebrities and models set&nbsp; trends, but we all like to be ahead of the pack. In 1899, the sociologist Thorstein&nbsp; Veblen coined the term ‘conspicuous&nbsp;&nbsp; consumption’ to describe the upper class&nbsp; phenomenon of buying, displaying, and&nbsp;&nbsp; wearing luxury goods to distinguish&nbsp; themselves from their peers. In 1950, the economist Harvey Leibenstein adapted&nbsp; the idea of conspicuous consumption – he noted&nbsp;&nbsp; how not only did the wealthy adopt new styles to&nbsp; set themselves apart, but that the middle classes&nbsp;&nbsp; then copied them to try and display social&nbsp; status. He called it the bandwagon effect. The Veblen effect – as its come to be known –&nbsp; means that the aquiring of consumer goods is&nbsp;&nbsp; not just about use, utility, beauty, boredom,&nbsp; or innovation – but about status. The value of&nbsp;&nbsp; the good is not determined by its usefulness&nbsp; but by the social value of displaying it. But status is not just a surface phenomenon– being&nbsp; in the know is about having the right knowledge,&nbsp;&nbsp; the right know-how, knowing the direction of the&nbsp; wind. It’s all necessary to being accepted in the&nbsp;&nbsp; correct circles, whether that’s about class,&nbsp; or being a fashion designer or an inventor.&nbsp;&nbsp; Even science has fashionable trends. As the sociologist Roberta&nbsp; Sassatelli writes there is ‘‘the knowledge (gastronomic or social)&nbsp; that derives from having eaten out,&nbsp;&nbsp; tasted this or that dish, having used a given&nbsp; type of cutlery, and having managed well the&nbsp;&nbsp; phases of the meal, that is tasting, commenting on&nbsp; the dishes, chatting and exchanging information.” This act of social mimicry&nbsp; functions in a strange way,&nbsp;&nbsp; almost as if its an engine. Often, once the vulgar&nbsp; lesser lower classes begin to adopt a style,&nbsp;&nbsp; then it no longer distinguishes the upper&nbsp; classes who brought it into fashion and used&nbsp;&nbsp; it to distinguish themselves as unique,&nbsp; as special. And so trends keep revolving&nbsp;&nbsp; as a new new trend setters turn away&nbsp; from the crowd and adopt new styles. The sociologist Georg Simmel writes that: ‘As soon&nbsp; as the lower classes begin to copy their style,&nbsp;&nbsp; thereby crossing the line of the demarcation&nbsp; the upper classes have drawn and destroying the&nbsp;&nbsp; uniformity of their coherence, the upper classes&nbsp; turn away from this style and adopt a new one,&nbsp;&nbsp; which in turn differentiated them from the&nbsp; masses; and thus the game goes merrily on.’ Baudrillard argued that in the postwar consumer&nbsp; society not only is their conspicuous consumption&nbsp;&nbsp; but a ‘fantastic conspicuousness.’ We’re&nbsp; everywhere surrounded by styles and images&nbsp;&nbsp; to imitate, new gadgets to employ, and the&nbsp; turnover rate for new fashions is inexorable. Ok, so consumerism is about creating new desires&nbsp; and social mimicry. But, you might be wondering,&nbsp;&nbsp; what's bad about this? Where’s the problem? I&nbsp; buy new camera equipment, lights, microphones,&nbsp;&nbsp; books – I have a bike that would be impossible&nbsp; to manufacture only twenty years ago.&nbsp;&nbsp; All of them are desires that have been&nbsp; created and, well, I watch reviews and&nbsp;&nbsp; see what photographers use etc, so its social&nbsp; mimicry. But I find all this stuff useful.&nbsp;&nbsp; I find the task I use them for meaningful, and&nbsp; I hope you do to. So again, where’s the problem? We can categorise the problems critics&nbsp; have identified into two parts: One is quite simple. Consumption per se isnt bad,&nbsp; but its side-effects, its unintended consequences,&nbsp;&nbsp; certain types of consumption, are. They are&nbsp; things like addiction, environmental degradation,&nbsp;&nbsp; exploitative labour practices, off-shoring, etc. I’ll return to these issues shortly. The&nbsp; other problem critics have identified is&nbsp;&nbsp; more philosophical, sociological, and&nbsp; psychological – it’s that consumerism&nbsp;&nbsp; effects us in our very psyches – we have a&nbsp; modern consumer mentality, and its out of joint. One touchstone for this type of critique&nbsp; is the economist Kenneth Galbraith’s The&nbsp;&nbsp; Affluent Society published in 1958.&nbsp; Galbraith argued that now that very&nbsp;&nbsp; basic needs of most Americans had been met,&nbsp; new demands had to be created artificially. Growth required consumption and so&nbsp; it was the job of capitalists to be&nbsp;&nbsp; endlessly creating new desires to keep people&nbsp; running circuitously around the hamster wheel. He argued that our postwar society was one&nbsp; addicted to consumption at the expense of&nbsp;&nbsp; social and political problem. In a consumer&nbsp; society, dominated by industry, growth is the&nbsp;&nbsp; central goal. There is, he says, an ‘inherently&nbsp; unstable process of consumer debt creation’,&nbsp;&nbsp; as people borrowed more and more on credit cards.&nbsp; The focus on private goods produced ‘private&nbsp;&nbsp; opulence and public squalor’ as people became&nbsp; more hedonistic and neglected their communities,&nbsp;&nbsp; civic society, and environments. He described&nbsp; people driving their ‘mauve and cerise,&nbsp;&nbsp; airconditioned, power-steered, and power-braked&nbsp; automobile’ through badly paved streets to have&nbsp;&nbsp; picnic of ‘exquisitely packaged food from&nbsp; a portable icebox by a polluted stream.’ Because we become so focused on consumption,&nbsp; other values become marginalised. We can understand this as a critique in&nbsp; the tradition of what’s often been called&nbsp;&nbsp; alienation. Karl Marx had argued that&nbsp; capitalism alienates us from our true&nbsp;&nbsp; species being. We fetishise commodities because of&nbsp; their monetary exchange value, which covers up the&nbsp;&nbsp; social processes that went into the manufacture&nbsp; of the product. We see the world through the lens&nbsp;&nbsp; of a cash nexus which covers up what’s&nbsp; really going on under the surface. Arguments about and definitions of alienation&nbsp; have taken many forms, but its most accessible&nbsp;&nbsp; popular understanding is that&nbsp; we buy stuff we don’t need,&nbsp;&nbsp; sold by adverts we don’t want to see, that&nbsp; make us desirous of things we need to desire,&nbsp;&nbsp; in an addictive society that distorts&nbsp; and discounts our true needs. In his book Empire of Things, historian Frank&nbsp; Trentmann argues that we used to see ourselves&nbsp;&nbsp; as part of the world – more holistically - and&nbsp; that the entire world and our experience of it&nbsp;&nbsp; was thought of more organically, more&nbsp; immediately, more sacredly, even. He says though that this was ‘torn asunder&nbsp; by René Descartes, who, in the 1640s,&nbsp;&nbsp; argued that the mind was an entity separate from&nbsp; the body and the material world. A century and&nbsp;&nbsp; a half later, Immanuel Kant is said to have&nbsp; completed ‘humankind’s victory over things’. What this means is that many philosophers&nbsp; of the Enlightenment argued that we could&nbsp;&nbsp; stand apart from the world, rationalise it,&nbsp; calculate it logically, see things objectively. This shift contributed to our mistaken belief&nbsp; that we could simply control the world around us,&nbsp;&nbsp; that we could manipulate and collect and examine&nbsp; objects and, as a consequence, consumer goods. Of course, we know this is a mistake. Things&nbsp; have an effect on us, the world around us has&nbsp;&nbsp; an effect on us, no matter how much we try to be&nbsp; the owner of our stuff, our stuff, in many ways,&nbsp;&nbsp; become the owners of us – they determine what we&nbsp; think, how we perceive ourselves, what we do. They&nbsp;&nbsp; can turn us into addicts, they can frustrate&nbsp; us, they can lead us down routes that aren’t&nbsp;&nbsp; good for us without us even knowing it. That’s&nbsp; the alienation argument. We’re a sick society. Marx called religion an opiate of the masses.&nbsp; It kept people docile, easily controlled,&nbsp;&nbsp; under the thumb of their rulers, distracted&nbsp; from the real problems around them. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; many have argued, consumerism has&nbsp; become the opiate of the masses. The Enlish novelist J.B Presitly bemoaned&nbsp; in the middle of the 20th century that&nbsp;&nbsp; Britain was becoming like ‘Southern&nbsp; California, with its TV and film studios,&nbsp;&nbsp; automobile way of life (you can eat&nbsp; and drink, watch films, make love,&nbsp;&nbsp; without ever getting out of your car), its&nbsp; flavourless cosmopolitanism .and bogus religions.’ Or take this quote from Frankmann’s Empire&nbsp; of Things on a cinema goer from the 1920s: ‘One young British woman, a shorthand typist&nbsp; who went to the pictures four times a week,&nbsp;&nbsp; found that seeing ‘marvellous places’ like&nbsp; New York and California on the screen left her&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘miserable and unhappy sitting in my stuffy little&nbsp; office all day with nobody to talk to but myself&nbsp;&nbsp; (which I don’t) and to go home to a house that&nbsp; should have been knocked down five years ago.’ These quotes suggest that what we’re surrounded&nbsp; by is somehow wrong. That we’re subjected to&nbsp;&nbsp; and forced to absorb and embody great images of&nbsp; desires that we don’t have but others – mysterious&nbsp;&nbsp; others, often out of reach, often manipulated&nbsp; and polished to sell more adverts –&nbsp;&nbsp; do. The images aren’t real, they’re not&nbsp; representative of reality, they have no depth. The postmodern consumer society&nbsp; is associated with the MTV viewer,&nbsp;&nbsp; channel hopping, flipping through images with&nbsp; an easily accessible remote, listening to&nbsp;&nbsp; disjointed sounds and flashing images&nbsp; without really feeling anything. The viewer, in sociologist&nbsp; Mike Featherstone's words,&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘merely enjoys the multiphrenic intensities&nbsp; and sensations of the surface of the images.’ It’s all connected. Because flipping through MTV&nbsp; works through the same logic as fast-fashion and&nbsp;&nbsp; gadgets with built in obsolescence:&nbsp; its all fleeting, nothing lasts,&nbsp;&nbsp; quality diminishes – it’s designed so that you&nbsp; consume it quickly and move on to the next thing. This is a common critique of a postmodern&nbsp; culture that the some say underpins our consume&nbsp;&nbsp; culture. If you look at art, literature,&nbsp; and film they jump around stylistically. Fast-fashion trends come and go, styles in fashion&nbsp; and film are just stuck together in pastiche,&nbsp;&nbsp; the world moves so fast that nothing&nbsp; can be properly understood, analysed,&nbsp;&nbsp; critiqued – there is, in the philosopher Fredric&nbsp; Jameson's’ words, a depthlessness to our world. It’s driven by production and consumption but&nbsp; psychologises us by infecting our culture too. The Frankfurt School philosophers Adorno and&nbsp; Horkheimer argued that Hollywood and the wider&nbsp;&nbsp; culture industry that developed across the&nbsp; 20th century was shallow – everything was&nbsp;&nbsp; standardised to reduce costs and commodified&nbsp; to reach the widest consumer market.&nbsp;&nbsp; All culture – music, fashion, art, film –&nbsp; was reduced to the lowest common denominator&nbsp;&nbsp; so that it could be consumed by&nbsp; the largest number of consumers. They write, ‘culture today is infecting everything&nbsp; with sameness. Film, radio, and magazines forms&nbsp;&nbsp; a system. Each branch of culture is unanimous&nbsp; within itself and all are unanimous together. Each character can pop up&nbsp; interchangeably in each film.&nbsp;&nbsp; Ironman and Captain America can be&nbsp; replaced with new incarnations. Each new&nbsp;&nbsp; storyline in a television is easily recognisable.&nbsp; The same types of humour resonate throughout. And&nbsp;&nbsp; product placement is everywhere. It is simple. Easy. Consumable.&nbsp; We can see similar arguments in three more&nbsp; thinkers: Fredrich Jameson, Jean Baudrillard,&nbsp;&nbsp; and David Harvey. They all put emphasis on the&nbsp; culture of our postmodern consumer society too.&nbsp;&nbsp; That its obsessed with image, with&nbsp; shallowness and lack of depth. I want to quickly go through each one, because&nbsp; there are similarities in them that can help us&nbsp;&nbsp; understand what unifies many of the critiques&nbsp; and so we can then etter think about solutions.&nbsp;&nbsp; We’ll then turn to what they might&nbsp; have left out, what criticisms of&nbsp;&nbsp; them are, before trying to think&nbsp; about consumerism in a new way. Jean Baudrillard published the&nbsp; Consumer Society in 1970. I love&nbsp;&nbsp; this quote that really encapsulates the FOMO&nbsp; of consumerism, how forward looking he was.&nbsp;&nbsp; He wrote that consumerism came with a ‘revival&nbsp; of a universal curiosity in respect of cookery,&nbsp;&nbsp; culture, science, religion, sexuality, etc. 'Try&nbsp; Jesus!' runs an American slogan. You have to try&nbsp;&nbsp; everything, for consumerist man is haunted by&nbsp; the fear of 'missing' something, some form of&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoyment or other. You never know whether a&nbsp; particular encounter, a particular experience&nbsp;&nbsp; (Christmas in the Canaries, eel in whisky,&nbsp; the Prado, LSD, Japanese-style love-making)&nbsp;&nbsp; will not elicit some 'sensation'. It is no&nbsp; longer desire, or even 'taste', or a specific&nbsp;&nbsp; inclination that are at stake, but a generalized&nbsp; curiosity, driven by a vague sense of unease.’ Baudrillard was concerned primarily with image&nbsp; and language – the signs of consumer advertising&nbsp;&nbsp; and commercial language. He talked about&nbsp; the dizzying abundance of those signs,&nbsp;&nbsp; and argued that we were so saturated&nbsp; in the language of consumerism&nbsp;&nbsp; that that language dominated our lives more than&nbsp; any other way of communicating with each other. He wrote: ‘There is all around us today a kind&nbsp; of fantastic conspicuousness of consumption and&nbsp;&nbsp; abundance, constituted by the multiplication&nbsp; of objects, services and material goods,&nbsp;&nbsp; and this represents something of a fundamental&nbsp; mutation in the ecology of the human species.’ For Marx, under capitalism, what he called the&nbsp; ‘use value’ of an object – the real value of what&nbsp;&nbsp; its worth to me and us societally to use this mug,&nbsp; say – had been been replaced in our heads with&nbsp;&nbsp; an exchange value – we think instead about how&nbsp; much an item is worth economically. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; someone might like this mug because it cost a lot&nbsp; of money and has diamonds implanted in the rim,&nbsp;&nbsp; not because they like it aesthetically&nbsp; or think its the perfect size.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fetishising commodities in this way also&nbsp; hides the social labour, the real work,&nbsp;&nbsp; the real lives, that went into making the&nbsp; object. We simply think of it market terms. On top of use value and exchange value,&nbsp;&nbsp; Baudrillard added a third value: sign value.&nbsp; We value things not by how useful they are,&nbsp;&nbsp; or even how much we can get for them, but&nbsp; on what they signify to others socially.&nbsp;&nbsp; I might like this mug, for example,&nbsp; because it’s a fashionable Ted Baker mug. Baudrillard argued that this sign value&nbsp; was like a hidden language we all speak. We live in a network of brand names,&nbsp; consumer images, movie stars with new shoes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and social status that depends largely&nbsp; on where we live, what we own, what our&nbsp;&nbsp; position is at work – and all of these things have&nbsp; a direct effect on what we value, what we desire,&nbsp;&nbsp; and what these things say about us to others.&nbsp; Baudrillard called this network a code,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he said we were more concerned with the&nbsp; code than we were with reality – the real He sees this consumer code as being like a&nbsp; language that speaks to us. We don’t desire&nbsp;&nbsp; new things at random – desires must be created,&nbsp; coded, they must fit into the system of fantasy.&nbsp;&nbsp; New goods must somehow be inserted&nbsp; into the existing order of consumption. Our desires aren’t just&nbsp; biological, personal, individual,&nbsp;&nbsp; or based on use-value – usefulness – or exchange&nbsp; value – that this is a gold plated laptop so&nbsp;&nbsp; will be worth more – but are&nbsp; socially constructed. We are coded&nbsp;&nbsp; to desire socially depending on others,&nbsp; and this determines how we think. Our needs aren’t rational, nor are they&nbsp; even about maximising utility. Social power&nbsp;&nbsp; rules. We are socialized, culturalised,&nbsp; consumerised by an abundance of&nbsp;&nbsp; messages, flashing lights, screens and magazines. What drives this? Baudrillard returns in many ways&nbsp; to Veblen’s theory of conspicuous consumption.&nbsp;&nbsp; We want to distinguish ourselves,&nbsp; setting ourselves apart socially. He calls this a ‘dialectic of&nbsp; conformism and originality’.&nbsp;&nbsp; We both want to conform – be part of the pack&nbsp; – and be original – stand outside the pack. There is, Baudrillard says,&nbsp; ‘a 'need of the individual to&nbsp;&nbsp; differentiate himself' as one more element&nbsp; in the repertoire of individual needs,&nbsp;&nbsp; which it sees as alternating with&nbsp; the opposite need to conform.’ Manufacturers want to fit these new desires – this&nbsp;&nbsp; code – into our lives without continuously&nbsp; upending their whole manufacturing lines. Modern furniture is designed to be flexible,&nbsp;&nbsp; mobile, interchangeable, without depth so it&nbsp; can fit in different spaces and be moved easily.&nbsp;&nbsp; Everything is in neutral colours and like&nbsp; IKEA, fits together like a puzzle, like a code. Tradition, uniqueness, odd&nbsp; shapes, personal history&nbsp;&nbsp; is no-longer important in the home. It’s about&nbsp; flatness, neutralness, every home looks the same. Apple resembles this, resembles IKEA. You’re&nbsp; sold a new Mac and now you need an iPad, iPhone,&nbsp;&nbsp; iWatch, airpods. And, if you don’t have apple,&nbsp;&nbsp; you need one because you might be left out,&nbsp; you can’t use iChat, you can’t send photos&nbsp;&nbsp; easily to your friends – the consumer code&nbsp; draws you in – if not, you’re ostracised. Baudrillard says, anticipating Apple,&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘Few objects today are offered alone,&nbsp; without a context of objects which&nbsp;&nbsp; 'speaks' them.’ - shop-windows, adverts, brand&nbsp; names, all come together in a cohesive vision.’ Baudrillard is famously pessimistic about&nbsp; this state of affairs. He argues we’re&nbsp;&nbsp; so soaked in this culture that we can no&nbsp; longer discover our true authentic needs. Everything is alienated because everything can&nbsp; be exchanged away. Nothing is transcendental.&nbsp;&nbsp; Everything is pastiche – the car advert relies&nbsp; on the sunglasses, the sunglasses are sold with&nbsp;&nbsp; holiday packages, the dream is a holiday in&nbsp; bermuda because that’s where Brad Pitt went –&nbsp;&nbsp; all of these phenomena build, construct,&nbsp; and direct your desires – but true meaning,&nbsp;&nbsp; what we really need, is lost. He uses the example of Kitsch&nbsp; products to illustrate what we means. Kitsch goods are everywhere. They’re 'trashy&nbsp; objects', 'folksy knick-knacks', 'souvenirs',&nbsp;&nbsp; he says. But they’re shallow imitations.&nbsp; They’re no longer connected to the real reason,&nbsp;&nbsp; the original reason, the piece of art or&nbsp; historical building they imitate was produced.&nbsp;&nbsp; Kitsche is the ultimate in artificial desire. HE writes: ‘Kitsch can be anywhere: in&nbsp; the detail of an object or in the plan&nbsp;&nbsp; of a new residential area, in an artificial flower&nbsp; or in a photo-novel. It can best be defined as&nbsp;&nbsp; a pseudo-object or, in other words,&nbsp; as a simulation, a copy, an imitation,&nbsp;&nbsp; a stereotype, as a dearth of real&nbsp; signification and a superabundance of signs.’ They are just ‘part of the package,&nbsp; the constellation of accessories by&nbsp;&nbsp; which the 'socio-cultural' standing&nbsp; of the average citizen is determined.’ Pop art functions in a similar way. Its all&nbsp; surface, it uses the signifiers of the world&nbsp;&nbsp; around us, and slaps it together, ignoring&nbsp; the true deep meaning that’s been hidden. He says: ‘Whereas all art up to pop was based&nbsp; on a 'depth' vision of the world, pop regards&nbsp;&nbsp; itself as homogeneous with this immanent order&nbsp; of signs: homogeneous with their industrial,&nbsp;&nbsp; mass production and hence with the artificial,&nbsp; manufactured character of the whole environment.’ WE see a similar same critique of the shallowness&nbsp; of our postmodern landscape in the American&nbsp;&nbsp; philosopher Fredric Jameson. His essay, turned&nbsp; into a book, ‘Postmodernism, or the Cultural Logic&nbsp;&nbsp; of Late Capitalism’, published in 1984, has been&nbsp; called the most discussed article of the 1980s. For Jameson, there is a particular&nbsp; reason consumer culture is shallow. He writes that our postmodern culture&nbsp; is schizophrenic, it jumps from place&nbsp;&nbsp; to place – and relies on ‘a new depthlessness,&nbsp; which finds its prolongation both in contemporary&nbsp;&nbsp; “theory” and in a whole new culture of the&nbsp; image’ and the ‘weakening of historicity,&nbsp;&nbsp; both in our relationship to public History and&nbsp; in the new forms of our private temporality.’ He argues culture has become so&nbsp; shallow that our relationship&nbsp;&nbsp; to the depth of history has been lost. Culture is fragmented because capitalism&nbsp; is fragmented. We are detached from&nbsp;&nbsp; everything because we have to be – styles&nbsp; change, trends change, conditions change,&nbsp;&nbsp; jobs change, information changes quicker&nbsp; than we can keep up, and so we’re&nbsp;&nbsp; psychologically schizophrenic,&nbsp; frantically trying to keep up. Jameson famously compares Van Gogh’s a&nbsp; pair of boots from 1887 – a modernist&nbsp;&nbsp; painting – with Andy Worholls&nbsp; postmodern 1980 Diamond Dust Shoes. He argues that Van Gogh’s shoes&nbsp; are connected to a real world. He says ‘‘the whole missing object world which&nbsp; was once [the shoes’] lived context. . .the heavy&nbsp;&nbsp; tread of the peasant woman, the loneliness&nbsp; of the field path, the hut in the clearing,&nbsp;&nbsp; the worn and broken instruments of&nbsp; labor in the furrows and at the hearth’ ON the other hand ‘Andy Warhol’s Diamond Dust&nbsp; Shoes evidently no longer speaks to us with any&nbsp;&nbsp; of the immediacy of Van Gogh’s footgear; indeed,&nbsp; I am tempted to say that it does not really speak&nbsp;&nbsp; to us at all. Nothing in this painting organizes&nbsp; even a minimal place for the viewer. . .We are&nbsp;&nbsp; witnessing the emergence of a new kind of flatness&nbsp; or depthlessness, a new kind of superficiality.’ He says the same process is visible in our broad&nbsp; cultural understanding of the Vietnam war. He says&nbsp;&nbsp; its shaped not by reality, not by real history&nbsp; or understanding, but by Hollywood films, protest&nbsp;&nbsp; music, flashy televisions news. Like Warhol’s&nbsp; shoes, its disconnected, more imaginary than real. The Marxist thinker David Harvey writes more about&nbsp; the economic foundations of this depthlessness. If you study at the supply chains of any fast&nbsp; fashion company, any tech company, in fact,&nbsp;&nbsp; the majority of consumer goods, you’ll find&nbsp; that its fractured, outsourced, subcontracted,&nbsp;&nbsp; divided into small parts and&nbsp; separate companies across the globe,&nbsp;&nbsp; a button made here, a screen there, a&nbsp; screw in one place and a thread in another. For Harvey and Jameson, these facts of&nbsp; material production – how the economy&nbsp;&nbsp; is structured - is the reason the culture that&nbsp; results from it is so shallow. It doesn’t have&nbsp;&nbsp; time to be anything but and its constantly pushing&nbsp; for new trends. By the time a story, news item,&nbsp;&nbsp; a television show, a piece of art, or even a topic&nbsp; of discussion is produced, the world is moving on,&nbsp;&nbsp; manufacturing new product lines&nbsp; in new places based on new ideas. Harvey sees our postmodern consumer&nbsp; society as a result of the shift from&nbsp;&nbsp; Fordism – vertically integrated factories&nbsp; all owned and controlled by a single company&nbsp;&nbsp; overseeing each part of the process - to&nbsp; what he calls ‘flexible accumulation.’ Flexible accumulation is defined by outsourcing&nbsp; and subcontracting to break up the process&nbsp;&nbsp; into smaller bits, offsetting risks, making&nbsp; smaller companies to compete with one another&nbsp;&nbsp; for contracts so as to get the lowest price,&nbsp; being able to drop a manufacturer and hire a&nbsp;&nbsp; new one as soon as needed, when a style or trend&nbsp; changes. This leads a fractured economic system&nbsp;&nbsp; across the globe and a fractured culture as&nbsp; a result. New communication technologies,&nbsp;&nbsp; GPS, data centres, electronic banking, etc add&nbsp; to the speed and flexibility of the system. Harvey writes that ‘the mobilization of fashion&nbsp; in mass (as opposed to elite) markets provided&nbsp;&nbsp; a means to accelerate the pace of consumption&nbsp; not only in clothing, ornament, and decoration&nbsp;&nbsp; but also across a wide swathe of life-styles&nbsp; and recreational activities (leisure and&nbsp;&nbsp; sporting habits, pop music styles, video&nbsp; and children's games, and the like).’ And so lifestyles are adopted&nbsp; and discarded at the same rate as&nbsp;&nbsp; new trends, nothing is around long&nbsp; enough to be examined, understood,&nbsp;&nbsp; or identified with in any depth – we&nbsp; become detached, postmodern, lost. Fashion trends are adopted, mimicked, stolen, and&nbsp; ripped off; fads and countercultures are co-opted,&nbsp;&nbsp; profited from, then discarded. ‘All that&nbsp; is solid melts into air,’ as Marx wrote. Everything is disposable,&nbsp; single use - napkins, cups,&nbsp;&nbsp; cameras, batteries, and pens&nbsp; are used up and thrown away. Because everything is fast a quick turnover in&nbsp; images follows. Sponsorship, television styles,&nbsp;&nbsp; new cars, new styles in cinema and&nbsp; literature, new memes and new celebrities. Harvey illustrates how this shift between&nbsp; integrated Fordist factories and global&nbsp;&nbsp; flexible accumulation has effected our&nbsp; culture with the proliferation of galleries.&nbsp;&nbsp; He says that in New York in 1945 there&nbsp; were just a handful of gallioers. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; 150,000 artist in New York claim&nbsp; professioanl status. There are&nbsp;&nbsp; 680 galleries producing more than 15&nbsp; million art works across a decade. They’re all bound up in the production of new&nbsp; images that can be exchanged and co-opted by our&nbsp;&nbsp; consumer culture which ultimately is about&nbsp; moving things on as quickly as possible. The problem, he says, is ‘Capital flight,&nbsp;&nbsp; de industrialization of some regions,&nbsp; and the industrialization of others,&nbsp;&nbsp; the destruction of traditional working-class&nbsp; communities as power bases in class struggle.’ Ok, lets summarise. There are two critiques.&nbsp; The one we just covered is about alienation,&nbsp;&nbsp; about us psychologically. That there’s&nbsp; a depthless, everything is surface,&nbsp;&nbsp; everything moves too quickly, and, according&nbsp; to many, we’re alienated from our true needs,&nbsp;&nbsp; from the true use value of objects and goods. This&nbsp; is a kind humanist critique. It focuses on us. The other critique is somewhat simpler. It’s&nbsp; that consumerism is destroying the planet,&nbsp;&nbsp; the environment. That consumerism is&nbsp; bad not per se, but because of appalling&nbsp;&nbsp; work conditions and labour rights and&nbsp; child labour in places like Bangladesh. I want to argue now that both can be seen as a&nbsp;&nbsp; type of depthlessness – and asking&nbsp; the question ‘what’s the opposite&nbsp;&nbsp; of depthlessness?’ - what would depth mean?&nbsp; Might help point us in the right direction. This humanist problem – the problem, essentially,&nbsp; of alienation – has been criticised by people&nbsp;&nbsp; who say alienation from what? Is there really&nbsp; any true authentic self to be alienated from?&nbsp;&nbsp; Aren’t we all the product of self-creation,&nbsp;&nbsp; an assemblage of experiences, differing&nbsp; from person to person, place to place. This is Douglas Kellner’s critique&nbsp; of Baudrillard – that he says we’re&nbsp;&nbsp; surrounded by image and sign and a&nbsp; hyperreality that alienates from the&nbsp;&nbsp; real of existence, but he posits no way out,&nbsp; no theory of change. If consumerism alienates&nbsp;&nbsp; but there is no true self anyway, on&nbsp; what basis can consumerism be wrong? I think this is true, but it doesn’t mean&nbsp; we can’t be alienated from our true needs,&nbsp;&nbsp; that certain things have a negative effect on us&nbsp; and the world, and other things a better effect.&nbsp;&nbsp; That some states of affairs in the&nbsp; world are more desirable than others. I want to quickly draw from two philosophers&nbsp; – Sartre & Spinoza - to make the case that to&nbsp;&nbsp; challenge the negatives of consumerism,&nbsp; we should aim to turn the depthlessness&nbsp;&nbsp; that is central to critiques&nbsp; of it into its opposite: depth.&nbsp;&nbsp; In turn, we aim to turn an alienated&nbsp; life into a more fulfilling one. The anthropologist Mary Douglas&nbsp; wrote that the ‘main problem of&nbsp;&nbsp; social life is to pin down meanings so&nbsp; that they stay still for a little time.’ Whether its fast moving images or our clothes&nbsp; being made by children thousands of miles away,&nbsp;&nbsp; this idea holds. There’s so much going on&nbsp; that it’s impossible to understand it all,&nbsp;&nbsp; to pin it down – and so in many areas we live&nbsp; shallowly, not understanding, not thinking,&nbsp;&nbsp; not able to fully comprehend what goes into&nbsp; the construction of our every day lives. So how do we pin down our fast moving&nbsp; consumer culture to analyse it in depth? Spinoza suggested that we look at&nbsp; the world from what we described as&nbsp;&nbsp; the perspective of eternity. We should examine&nbsp; the causes of things – where they come from,&nbsp;&nbsp; how they function, we should always analyse our&nbsp; ideas, actions, and desires, looking outwards&nbsp;&nbsp; and understanding them in the wider context of&nbsp; the world. We should look at things, essentially,&nbsp;&nbsp; in depth. We should understand where our food and&nbsp; clothes come from and the effect their having. And the French existentialist Jean-Paul Sartre&nbsp; made a similar point. He argued that our projects,&nbsp;&nbsp; our ideas, our opinions, and values – our&nbsp; perspective on the world – should rhyme. We should&nbsp;&nbsp; look at how things inform and effect one another. He argues that our experiences should together in&nbsp;&nbsp; a structure of meaning that we then impose&nbsp; onto the world. Meaning can be made deeper,&nbsp;&nbsp; more connected, more, well, meaningful, by&nbsp; uncovering and creating patterns between&nbsp;&nbsp; things so that the world rhymes, so&nbsp; that there’s rhythm and coherence.&nbsp; So if I make Youtube videos, I&nbsp; become interested in cameras to film,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I also then become interested in photography,&nbsp; and in how and where my cameras are made,&nbsp;&nbsp; what other things I can do with them,&nbsp; the history and philosophy of them.&nbsp; These are brief references to two philosophers&nbsp; I’ve introduced in depth before on the channel,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I think they get at something that shines a&nbsp; light on the depthlessness of consumer culture.&nbsp;&nbsp; And they help with a problem I think thinkers&nbsp; like Jameson and Baudrillard run into.&nbsp; After reading them you have the&nbsp; impression that consumerism is one&nbsp;&nbsp; totalising thing thing, everything gets lumped&nbsp; in with it – everything is just consumed and all&nbsp;&nbsp; images and adverts and consumer goods are equally&nbsp; negative and equally alienating. It ignores that&nbsp;&nbsp; not all things are consumed ‘shallowly’, some are&nbsp; experienced, approached, and consumed with depth. I buy new cameras and microphones,&nbsp; books, a drone, clothes, new foods,&nbsp;&nbsp; seek new recipes and holidays – precisely because&nbsp; they bring me the opposite of depthlessness,&nbsp;&nbsp; they create depth in my life. So to finish,&nbsp; lets have look at how depth is created, but&nbsp;&nbsp; what the limits of this way of&nbsp; thinking in this way might be. Sassatelli argues that often, rather than&nbsp; simply consuming brainlessly, consumers are&nbsp;&nbsp; active in the act of consumption. They’re&nbsp; also often decodifying, reinterpreting, and&nbsp;&nbsp; criticizing the PR, adverts, and products&nbsp; they consume. We’re not just zombies,&nbsp;&nbsp; taken in by every advertising board we see. She writes that ‘consumption often consists&nbsp; in re-framing the meaning and uses of material&nbsp;&nbsp; culture by translating the purely commercial value&nbsp; of goods into other forms of value: affection,&nbsp;&nbsp; relationships, symbolism, status, normality, etc,’ She continues ‘recent studies of audiences and&nbsp; media consumption show that spectators actively&nbsp;&nbsp; de-codify messages and images, referring them&nbsp; to the context in which they are experienced,&nbsp;&nbsp; to their own social position,&nbsp; gender, life course, and so on.’ Take DIY. Yes, new tools and paints and furniture&nbsp; are advertised and sold to us, but they’re often&nbsp;&nbsp; decommodified, made personal, adapted, decorated&nbsp; and adorned with family photos or meaningful&nbsp;&nbsp; items. There is a ‘de-commoditized sphere’ in the&nbsp; home, or between friends, at events and online. We use musical instruments to create&nbsp; new, individual, unique music, we&nbsp;&nbsp; paint and discuss and trade on social&nbsp; media, we fill photo books, we give&nbsp;&nbsp; gifts – all of these things transcend the flatness&nbsp; of consumerism and bring in more personal, social,&nbsp;&nbsp; ethical, or transcendental ideals. In 1970, Baudrillard pointed to the typewriter&nbsp; that can write in 13 different fonts and a&nbsp;&nbsp; diction machine to record notes as examples of&nbsp; pointless gadgets. To me, these seem useful – I&nbsp;&nbsp; use different fonts to convey different ideas&nbsp; or emotional tone quickly – its another layer to&nbsp;&nbsp; language. And others find recording to remember&nbsp; important things easier than jotting them down. Sassatelli also points to how&nbsp; the Walkman was criticized when&nbsp;&nbsp; it was first released for representing&nbsp; ‘aleination, anomie, and atomization’&nbsp;&nbsp; despite listening to music on the go clearly&nbsp; also being representative of many other&nbsp;&nbsp; things – escape, heightened experience,&nbsp; resistance, creativity, energy. She also writes about the positive experience&nbsp; of connoissuership, of collectibles, of hobbies: ‘the pervasive allure of connoisseurship may be&nbsp; seen as having to do with mastering objects and&nbsp;&nbsp; demonstrating aestheticized detachment from&nbsp; them: by piling up a complex repertoire of&nbsp;&nbsp; knowledge, the connoisseur finds&nbsp; a way to get close to commodities&nbsp;&nbsp; while distancing him or herself&nbsp; from their immediate hold.‘ Others have pointed to cinema, television,&nbsp; and image being deeper than is often assumed. In his book on Baudrillard, Adam Roberts&nbsp; writes that for Baudrillard Vietnam was&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘a war flattened and emptied out to a basic layer&nbsp; of violence, mixed in with popular culture and TV,&nbsp;&nbsp; accompanied in many people’s imagination&nbsp; by a soundtrack of 1960s pop-music.&nbsp;&nbsp; But the violence and death was not&nbsp; ‘hyper-real’ or ‘simulated’, it was real.’ My point is, in among the problems&nbsp; we’ve identified with consumer society,&nbsp;&nbsp; everywhere we look we can also find depth,&nbsp; meaning, usefulness, creativity, connection&nbsp;&nbsp; too. And we can apply this seeking after&nbsp; depth to our understanding of how things like&nbsp;&nbsp; supply chains work, what we think is&nbsp; unethical and ethical, what we want to support&nbsp;&nbsp; and avoid, what we want to push to regulate,&nbsp; organise against, and politically change.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think this is the opposite of&nbsp; depthlessness, the opposite of alienation. But am I being naive? Am I ignoring other&nbsp; issues? The breadth and scope of the problem.&nbsp;&nbsp; The addiction to new fashions, pointless&nbsp; new purchases, pollution or child labour? I guess, at least in part, what I’m arguing is&nbsp; that if you look at the consequences of your&nbsp;&nbsp; purchases in depth, if you think about the&nbsp; message, the result, the meaning in your own&nbsp;&nbsp; and other’s lives, then you can become&nbsp; an ethical consumer. Is this true? Even as that term ‘ethical consumption’ has&nbsp; become more popular, as we’ve become increasingly&nbsp;&nbsp; adware of the pitfalls of fast fashion and the&nbsp; environmental desegregation of consumption,&nbsp;&nbsp; Bottled water sales, to take&nbsp; just one simple example,&nbsp;&nbsp; have continued to rise and are projected&nbsp; to to so indefinitely. Palm oil – a major&nbsp;&nbsp; cause of deforestation - is still in half&nbsp; of packaged products. Fast fashion companies&nbsp;&nbsp; continue to pay below the minimum wage.&nbsp; Garment factories continue to burn down. But working out whether more conscious&nbsp; consumerism works at all is difficult to do. On the one hand, we continue to outsource to&nbsp; Bangladesh and see these tragedies that are&nbsp;&nbsp; the result of poor health and safety, terrible&nbsp; regulations, and labour practices, but at the&nbsp;&nbsp; same time, the ILO – the International Labour&nbsp; Organisation – says that child labour is down&nbsp;&nbsp; by a third since 2000. 61% of fashion companies&nbsp; have committed to using sustainable fabrics. That is, when there’s cultural&nbsp; pressure on manufacturers,&nbsp;&nbsp; on what we eat and wear there&nbsp; does appear to be some change. On the other hand, NorthWestern&nbsp; University professor Brayden King&nbsp;&nbsp; has argued boycotts have a negligible effect&nbsp; on a companies sales revenue. He says that the&nbsp;&nbsp; problem is “we can’t pay attention to&nbsp; any single controversy for very long.” Yes, we talk about the tragic Rana Plaze&nbsp; building collapse in Bangladesh in 2013 when&nbsp;&nbsp; 1134 died for a bit, but then&nbsp; we move on to the other things. Terry Hathaway at the LSE writes that ‘Even the&nbsp; most hyper-vigilant, well-informed shopper cannot&nbsp;&nbsp; know everything – the labour (and conditions),&nbsp; the tools (and the production of these tools),&nbsp;&nbsp; the raw materials (and their extraction), the&nbsp; energy, etc. – that goes into making even the most&nbsp;&nbsp; simple products. Instead, the consumer must buy in&nbsp; partial ignorance of all of the factors, primarily&nbsp;&nbsp; on the basis of those attributes that are the most&nbsp; conspicuous and, to some degree, based on trust.’ He continues ‘shopping at Whole Foods could be&nbsp; construed as support for higher welfare meat&nbsp;&nbsp; and organic agricultural methods,&nbsp; but it will equally support&nbsp;union&nbsp;&nbsp; busting,&nbsp;low wages&nbsp;for workers&nbsp; and&nbsp;right-wing libertarian politics.’ So here is the crux of it. Our consumer society&nbsp; is messy, complex; it both sustains us creatively&nbsp;&nbsp; and destroys the planet. So maybe it is a&nbsp; useless concept. I think we’re better off&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking about it in its original sense – to use&nbsp; up – as, not a noun that describes our soceity,&nbsp;&nbsp; but as a verb -as something we’re all doing. And&nbsp; like anything we do, there is a chain of activity,&nbsp;&nbsp; social and historical, environmental and economic&nbsp; – that supports the consumption and that we in&nbsp;&nbsp; turn support by consuming. Only by studying the&nbsp; understanding the issues in depth can we grapple&nbsp;&nbsp; with these problems. Thinking about regulation,&nbsp; changing the economic system, organising&nbsp;&nbsp; politically is a part of this depth – everyone’s&nbsp; interpretation of what to do will be different. For example, journalist Alden Wicker&nbsp; argues ethical consumption doesn’t work.&nbsp;&nbsp; We should instead donate some of&nbsp; the money we spend going greener&nbsp;&nbsp; on donations to NGOs and green politicians. And commentator Robert Reich has reminded&nbsp; us that when “you hear a company boast about&nbsp;&nbsp; how environmentally friendly it is, hold the&nbsp; applause. Under super-competitive capitalism—what&nbsp;&nbsp; I’ve termed ‘supercapitalism’—it’s&nbsp; naive to think corporations can or&nbsp;&nbsp; will sacrifice profits and shareholder&nbsp; returns in order to fight global warming.&nbsp;&nbsp; Firms that go green to improve their&nbsp; public relations, or cut their costs,&nbsp;&nbsp; or anticipate regulations are&nbsp; being smart, not virtuous.” So its important to approach this&nbsp; with a multifaceted attitude.&nbsp;&nbsp; Depth means more eyes on all the issues.&nbsp; Depth means engaging with the politics. Depth&nbsp;&nbsp; means exploring our own desires and beliefs&nbsp; vigilantly. Taking an issue – something we&nbsp;&nbsp; consume - and understanding the ramifications,&nbsp; something I want to try to apply next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThenNow [388 likes]: Script & sources at: https://www.thenandnow.co/2023/03/21/our-consumer-society/

► Sign up for the newsletter to get concise digestible summaries: https://www.thenandnow.co/the-newsletter/
► Why Support Then & Now? https://www.patreon.com/user/about?u=3517018
  2. @lindatallon9217: Humans were designed to CREATE not CONSUME........the MATRIX CORPORATE AMERICA KILLS ANY CREATIVITY.....people are filling the VOID.....
  3. @raimondwhite965: Life is pretty much the only renewable resource, you can consume food water and wood, and it can be replaced so long as you understand the life cycle, In this sense, like Evolution, you will find that life can overcome the Theory of Entropy.
  4. @EvaSobolevski: Perhaps depth is a passing phenomenon? Surely, our hunter - gatherer forefathers, while not lacking the capability for, nevertheless lacked certain cognitive and psychological depth? Why then shouldn't our children enjoy less fraught existence? Maybe what you call "depth" is just 20th century neurosis? 🤔
  5. @MatthewBrown-r5k: The background music adds so much to these videos. I usually don’t notice it much but it shows how much work is put into these. Thank you for the video
  6. @Sch1sMx: 51:25 but i can run any game from the GB, NES/famicom and playstation to switch, ps4 and sometimes even pc games on my not iphone. i win when im in the waiting room with no service.
  7. @onebleachpiece956: This video brings up a lot of new ways of looking at life I never considered before. It really opens your eyes
  8. @transgirl_computer_faery: holy fuck its been 3 years already
  9. @melaniejaaaade: This has helped me fall asleep for the past year
  10. @commentspae: telling this to youtube won't work because youtube is full of hypocrites lol
  11. @michaelm4725: Everything is intentionally made to break. I've worked in production and my boss actually told me this. This is how they make us buy the same thing over and over again, and the taxes go along with every purchase, so the government loves it. I use free Linux and own no I-phone. And I do NOT buy stuff I don't need. That right there is the a nightmare to the Plutocratic (rich) population. Why you need 100 houses? Elon Musk actually manufactures complexity which compromises reliability, efficiency, and safety. I know what's going on "Uncle Sham".
  12. @MsWaggydog: I noticed recently that I seem to be the only one in the supermarket walking around with a shopping list. I understand that not everyone uses paper lists anymore, but I don't see people checking their phones either (just talking on them!) Am I the odd one out?
  13. @bizsavingstv: great documentary
  14. @theodoremaravanyika643: Sweet documentary, however consumerism does not alienate it creates the ephemeral and continous in the social bonds.
  15. @theodoremaravanyika643: Of the 150000 art gallaries if I heard correct, how much are fed by an academic background. Those with that as input I would love to develop the rhetoric to support.
  16. @bkf042980: I love these videos made by real people. I wish there was a way to filter out the AI generated ones from my algorithm.
  17. @hannahboebanna: 37:58 impeccably placed organic cough for emphasis
  18. @CotTran-ig5fj: Well... Wall-E
  19. @olakvernenestkje7332: The consumer consumes this video
  20. @GenderedEconomics: TAKK, focuses on simplifying the product choice and fighting overconsumption in beauty industry! For them less is more 🍀You can find the story of TAKK and how it creates change in the industry in our first Plethora of Change Episode. Especially interesting for people interested in sustainability, ethical marketing and beauty care industry😇

- The dirty secret of capitalism -- and a new way forward | Nick Hanauer: Kind: captions Language: en I am a capitalist, and after a 30-year career in capitalism spanning three dozen companies, generating tens of billions of dollars in market value, I'm not just in the top one percent, I'm in the top .01 percent of all earners. Today, I have come to share the secrets of our success, because rich capitalists like me have never been richer. So the question is, how do we do it? How do we manage to grab an ever-increasing share of the economic pie every year? Is it that rich people are smarter than we were 30 years ago? Is it that we're working harder than we once did? Are we taller, better looking? Sadly, no. It all comes down to just one thing: economics. Because, here's the dirty secret. There was a time in which the economics profession worked in the public interest, but in the neoliberal era, today, they work only for big corporations and billionaires, and that is creating a little bit of a problem. We could choose to enact economic policies that raise taxes on the rich, regulate powerful corporations or raise wages for workers. We have done it before. But neoliberal economists would warn that all of these policies would be a terrible mistake, because raising taxes always kills economic growth, and any form of government regulation is inefficient, and raising wages always kills jobs. Well, as a consequence of that thinking, over the last 30 years, in the USA alone, the top one percent has grown 21 trillion dollars richer while the bottom 50 percent have grown 900 billion dollars poorer, a pattern of widening inequality that has largely repeated itself across the world. And yet, as middle class families struggle to get by on wages that have not budged in about 40 years, neoliberal economists continue to warn that the only reasonable response to the painful dislocations of austerity and globalization is even more austerity and globalization. So, what is a society to do? Well, it's super clear to me what we need to do. We need a new economics. So, economics has been described as the dismal science, and for good reason, because as much as it is taught today, it isn't a science at all, in spite of all of the dazzling mathematics. In fact, a growing number of academics and practitioners have concluded that neoliberal economic theory is dangerously wrong and that today's growing crises of rising inequality and growing political instability are the direct result of decades of bad economic theory. What we now know is that the economics that made me so rich isn't just wrong, it's backwards, because it turns out it isn't capital that creates economic growth, it's people; and it isn't self-interest that promotes the public good, it's reciprocity; and it isn't competition that produces our prosperity, it's cooperation. What we can now see is that an economics that is neither just nor inclusive can never sustain the high levels of social cooperation necessary to enable a modern society to thrive. So where did we go wrong? Well, it turns out that it's become painfully obvious that the fundamental assumptions that undergird neoliberal economic theory are just objectively false, and so today first I want to take you through some of those mistaken assumptions and then after describe where the science suggests prosperity actually comes from. So, neoliberal economic assumption number one is that the market is an efficient equilibrium system, which basically means that if one thing in the economy, like wages, goes up, another thing in the economy, like jobs, must go down. So for example, in Seattle, where I live, when in 2014 we passed our nation's first 15 dollar minimum wage, the neoliberals freaked out over their precious equilibrium. "If you raise the price of labor," they warned, "businesses will purchase less of it. Thousands of low-wage workers will lose their jobs. The restaurants will close." Except ... they didn't. The unemployment rate fell dramatically. The restaurant business in Seattle boomed. Why? Because there is no equilibrium. Because raising wages doesn't kill jobs, it creates them; because, for instance, when restaurant owners are suddenly required to pay restaurant workers enough so that now even they can afford to eat in restaurants, it doesn't shrink the restaurant business, it grows it, obviously. (Applause) Thank you. The second assumption is that the price of something is always equal to its value, which basically means that if you earn 50,000 dollars a year and I earn 50 million dollars a year, that's because I produce a thousand times as much value as you. Now, it will not surprise you to learn that this is a very comforting assumption if you're a CEO paying yourself 50 million dollars a year but paying your workers poverty wages. But please, take it from somebody who has run dozens of businesses: this is nonsense. People are not paid what they are worth. They are paid what they have the power to negotiate, and wages' falling share of GDP is not because workers have become less productive but because employers have become more powerful. And -- And by pretending that the giant imbalance in power between capital and labor doesn't exist, neoliberal economic theory became essentially a protection racket for the rich. The third assumption, and by far the most pernicious, is a behavioral model that describes human beings as something called "homo economicus," that we are all perfectly selfish, perfectly rational and relentlessly self-maximizing. But just ask yourselves, is it plausible that every single time for your entire life, when you did something nice for somebody else, all you were doing was maximizing your own utility? Is it plausible that when a soldier jumps on a grenade to defend fellow soldiers, they're just promoting their narrow self-interest? If you think that's nuts, contrary to any reasonable moral intuition, that's because it is and, according to the latest science, not true. But it is this behavioral model which is at the cold, cruel heart of neoliberal economics, and it is as morally corrosive as it is scientifically wrong because, if we accept at face value that humans are fundamentally selfish, and then we look around the world at all of the unambiguous prosperity in it, then it follows logically, then it must be true by definition, that billions of individual acts of selfishness magically transubstantiate into prosperity and the common good. If we humans are merely selfish maximizers, then selfishness is the cause of our prosperity. Under this economic logic, greed is good, widening inequality is efficient, and the only purpose of the corporation can be to enrich shareholders, because to do otherwise would be to slow economic growth and harm the economy overall. And it is this gospel of selfishness which forms the ideological cornerstone a way of thinking which has produced economic policies which have enabled me and my rich buddies in the top one percent to grab virtually all of the benefits of growth over the last 40 years. But, if instead we accept the latest empirical research, real science, which correctly describes human beings as highly cooperative, reciprocal and intuitively moral creatures, then it follows logically that it must be cooperation and not selfishness that is the cause of our prosperity, and it isn't our self-interest but rather our inherent reciprocity that is humanity's economic superpower. So at the heart of this new economics is a story about ourselves that grants us permission to be our best selves, and, unlike the old economics, this is a story that is virtuous and also has the virtue of being true. I want to emphasize that this new economics is not something I have personally imagined or invented. Its theories and models are being developed and refined in universities around the world building on some of the best new research in economics, complexity theory, evolutionary theory, psychology, anthropology and other disciplines. And although this new economics does not yet have its own textbook or even a commonly agreed upon name, in broad strokes its explanation of where prosperity comes from goes something like this. So, market capitalism is an evolutionary system in which prosperity emerges through a positive feedback loop between increasing amounts of innovation and increasing amounts of consumer demand. Innovation is the process by which we solve human problems, consumer demand is the mechanism through which the market selects for useful innovations, and as we solve more problems, we become more prosperous. But as we become more prosperous, our problems and solutions become more complex, and this increasing technical complexity requires ever higher levels of social and economic cooperation in order to produce the more highly specialized products that define a modern economy. Now, the old economics is correct, of course, that competition plays a crucial role in how markets work, but what it fails to see is that it is largely a competition between highly cooperative groups -- competition between firms, competition between networks of firms, competition between nations -- and anyone who has ever run a successful business knows that building a cooperative team by including the talents of everyone is almost always a better strategy than just a bunch of selfish jerks. So how do we leave neoliberalism behind and build a more sustainable, more prosperous and more equitable society? The new economics suggests just five rules of thumb. First is that successful economies are not jungles, they're gardens, which is to say that markets, like gardens, must be tended, that the market is the greatest social technology ever invented for solving human problems, but unconstrained by social norms or democratic regulation, markets inevitably create more problems than they solve. Climate change, the great financial crisis of 2008 are two easy examples. The second rule is that inclusion creates economic growth. So the neoliberal idea that inclusion is this fancy luxury to be afforded if and when we have growth is both wrong and backwards. The economy is people. Including more people in more ways is what causes economic growth in market economies. The third principle is the purpose of the corporation is not merely to enrich shareholders. The greatest grift in contemporary economic life is the neoliberal idea that the only purpose of the corporation and the only responsibility of executives is to enrich themselves and shareholders. The new economics must and can insist that the purpose of the corporation is to improve the welfare of all stakeholders: customers, workers, community and shareholders alike. Rule four: greed is not good. Being rapacious doesn't make you a capitalist, it makes you a sociopath. (Laughter) And in an economy as dependent upon cooperation at scale as ours, sociopathy is as bad for business as it is for society. And fifth and finally, unlike the laws of physics, the laws of economics are a choice. Now, neoliberal economic theory has sold itself to you as unchangeable natural law, when in fact it's social norms and constructed narratives based on pseudoscience. If we truly want a more equitable, and more sustainable economy, if we want high-functioning democracies and civil society, we must have a new economics. And here's the good news: if we want a new economics, all we have to do is choose to have it. Moderator: So Nick, I'm sure you get this question a lot. If you're so unhappy with the economic system, why not just give all your money away and join the 99 percent? Nick Hanauer: Yeah, no, yes, right. You get that a lot. You get that a lot. "If you care so much about taxes, why don't you pay more, and if you care so much about wages, why don't you pay more?" And I could do that. The problem is, it doesn't make that much difference, and I have discovered a strategy that works literally a hundred thousand times better -- Moderator: OK. NH: which is to use my money to build narratives and to pass laws that will require all the other rich people to pay taxes and pay their workers better. And so, for example, the 15-dollar minimum wage that we cooked up has now affected 30 million workers. So that works better. Moderator: That's great. If you change your mind, we'll find some takers for you. NH: OK. Thank you. Moderator: Thank you very much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Brothatskrazie [4 likes]: Watching this in 2026 is unforgivable. People really defend billionaires, ceos, and the rich making themselves richer while 99% of the population suffers. It’s unfathomable on why neoliberal economics still exists today.
  2. @solidbody752 [1 likes]: there are no secrets about capitalism anymore
we've seen all the colors
it's all clear and evil
  3. @RationalIntegrity [1 likes]: Both Capitalism & Communism are Baseless…

Neither Capitalism & Communism Enables Every Individual’s Domain Inclusion…

The Real Force of Individual Progress is Organic Domain Inclusion & Progressive Domain Inclusion…

Progress Corresponds to Peace & Organics Correspond to Health…

Each & Every Individual has to Learn Domain Knowledge & Implement the Domain Knowledge through Eco-Robotics…

Eco-Robotics is the Instrument of Individual’s Existential Independence…

Post Existential Independence Era is Era of Existential Excellence where Permutations & Combinations of Organic Research is Done…

America is Ruining the World with its Junk & Inappropriate Influences…

Capitalism is Money Making Machine…

Money is Fraud Prone, Crime Prone, Corruption Prone, Human Trafficking Prone, Drug Trafficking Prone, Ecological Destruction Prone, War Prone & Gambling Prone Implicit Numerical Hierarchy…

Principle of Existential Independence Driven Eco-Robotics can Invalidate Concept of Money & its Harmful Effects…

After I have Proposed Existential Independence Driven Eco-Robotics in LinkedIn, Whole World Capitalists Colluded with Management within the Company Where I Work & Terminated My Jobs Multiple Times & there were Several Attempts of Chemical Poisoning My Groceries…

They Chemically Poisoned My Food in the Restaurants that I have Visited…

Capitalism is System that Applies Retrogressive Surveillance through Centralisation to Ruin the Individual’s Progressive Freedom of Expression…

Name Any Sector in the World, I will Show Numerous Disadvantages & Harmful Affects Embedded within Every Capitalistic Model…

Money is Control Exploitation & Capitalism is the Framework of Enabling the Control Exploitation…

Principle of Existential Independence is Control Individualisation
  4. @deathrider54 [1 likes]: This is the 2nd talk that I have now listened to and I think this 1 has actually aged even worse than the 1st! All I see is that "Judgement Day" draws ever nearer at an increasing pace!
  5. @obedrobles4701: People need to understand this
  6. @omarose7504: This kind of programming is what more of us need to see and listen to.  Watch and Listen!
  7. @economicsgonewrong: It changed my perspective.
  8. @neilalexander8082: I love how he acts like this is new.  Progressivism and intellectual paternalism are not new ideas.  They were the old ideas that created the Federal Reserve, the McFadden Act, and the subsequent Great Depression.  They advocated for more government intervention then too, which is what extended the great depression, especially when they restricted the capital.
  9. @neilalexander8082: So many fallacies at play here in this Socialism elevator pitch... he admits government market intervention is where they made the money and then compared the economy to a garden in need of more intervention.  He makes the straw man arguments of cooperation is better than greed, when in reality the greed he refers to is personal interest and agency.  In reality, you know your needs and wants far better than a one size fits all centralized government.  What he's fighting is your freedom.  He uses circular logic when he calls his new method truth in the middle of an if/then satement concerning its validity.  He cherry picks the restaurant industry when referring to the 15 dollar an hour wage hike and subsequent economic decline.  Visitors use restaurants.  What happened to the housing market immediately after the wage hike?  Costs always trickle down to the lowest level.  We didn't pick capitalism.  The world markets did.  Even Communists have to engage with a capitalist world market. Government interference adds costs and barriers to market entry.  I grew up in poverty.  If you really want to help the poor, stop adding costs and barriers so they can actually afford to live and grow.
  10. @olymak: Here in 2026 and nothing got any better for the working class...if anything it got a lot worse and with no signs of improvement.
  11. @Austriaschoolfan: Discovering communist
  12. @JustinChan-eq8ib: Beautifully delivered. Only question is he's, in fact, also a capitalist who benefits from the system..
  13. @jakubkrejci1983: Can't believe this is 6 years old. Today it's more true than before. 2026
  14. @Brothatskrazie: Only 3 million views? Let’s fix that.
  15. @irinazdraveska8332: What is this now? Another Bilioner who wants his own party/movement. Republicans have Trump, so 
this guy will invent his own political micment by becoming a Democrat ,sorry progresive

What a tone of b******t! Do not listen to what he says, but look at what he does.
Another plutocrat who is bored and would like  to earn even more money by teaching us and  becoming a politician
  16. @もりすとむ: face ur reality.
  17. @Theadventuringphilosopher: Anthropologist have argued and shown evidence that it is through cooperation that humans have and will continue to make progress in health, happiness, and fulfillment, as well as higher  productivity, greater  efficiency, and more  equitability in the long run. People can be successful in China AND still be successful Europe or any other country. We keep competing economically with other countries which causes more problems and suffering than cooperation would
  18. @aracelikopiloff1791: So donate your money if you feel so bad about it.
  19. @aracelikopiloff1791: The USA is in a downward spiral. Smaller nations can be turned around. The size of the USA make it a snowball that is growing and can not be stopped. Just like Greece, France, England were empires and now they sell souvenirs....
  20. @andrewhale455: Pitchforks 😳

- Does Consumerism Lead To Social Alienation In Socialist Critique? - Socialism Explained: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Does consumerism lead to social alienation in socialist critique? Imagine a world where buying things is more than just a way to meet needs. It's a way to define who we are. That's what socialist critics often point out about consumerism. They say it can create a sense of distance between people and their true selves. When capitalism pushes us to buy more and more, it turns human relationships into market exchanges. Instead of connecting as people, we start seeing each other as commodities or sources of profit. This process is called social alienation. And it's a big concern for those rethinking how our economy works. In socialist thought, alienation happens when people feel disconnected from their work, their community, or even their own identity. Consumerism makes this worse because it encourages us to measure our worth by what we own or how much we spend. Instead of focusing on shared social goals or personal growth, we become trapped in a cycle of consumption driven by profit motives. Workers, for example, often only earn enough to keep working, not enough to enjoy meaningful leisure or personal fulfillment. Their consumption becomes about survival, not about expressing creativity or community. Another issue is how consumer culture turns human relationships into market transactions. People start to see each other as objects or exchangeable units. Social bonds weaken because interactions are filtered through the lens of market success. This process is called commodification and it leads to feelings of loneliness and disconnection. When social life becomes about buying and selling, authentic human bonds can fade away. A further point is commodity fetishism which is a fancy way of saying that we forget the social labor behind the goods we buy. We see products as independent objects of desire, not as the result of collective effort. This mystification hides the reality of exploitation and social interdependence, deepening feelings of alienation. However, some socialist thinkers see potential in consumer culture. They believe that consumption can inspire new social ideas and creative ways of living. If organized differently, consumption could support community building and social equality. The key is to shift from profit-driven consumption to practices that prioritize social needs and environmental sustainability. Reimagining economic systems involves transforming how we produce and consume. Instead of focusing on profit, future models could emphasize cooperation, shared ownership, and democratic control. This means creating workplaces where workers have a say and markets that serve human and ecological well-being. Such changes could help reduce alienation by reconnecting people to their labor, their communities, and the environment. Practically, this might look like supporting cooperatives, planning economies, or promoting local sustainable consumption. These approaches aim to make sure that goods and services are produced and used in ways that benefit everyone, not just a few. They also help people feel more connected to the process of making and sharing rather than just buying and discarding. In the end, socialist critique suggests that consumerism under capitalism fosters social alienation by turning people into commodities and hiding the social labor behind goods. To build a future where people feel more connected and fulfilled, we need to rethink how we organize production and consumption. This involves creating systems that prioritize human needs, social bonds, and ecological health over profit. Only then can we move toward an economy that truly serves us all.

- What Is Lefebvre's Critique Of Everyday Life? - History of Communism: Kind: captions Language: en What is Levverra's critique of everyday life? Have you ever thought about how your daily life is shaped by larger forces? Henry Leofever's critique of everyday life dives into this idea, especially in the context of capitalism. He believed that daily existence is not just about work or wages. Instead, it is influenced by routines, habits, and how we consume goods and ideas. Lefaber argued that everyday life has become a battleground for capitalist power. He described modern society as a bureaucratic society of controlled consumption. In this view, markets are not places of true freedom. Instead, they direct people on what to buy, how to behave, and even how to think. Leisure and creativity are often managed and limited. People are taught to find happiness and status through purchasing items. Advertising and media play a significant role in shaping our desires and lifestyles, making daily life feel scripted and artificial. From a communist perspective, Levver's analysis is vital. It shows how capitalism extends its reach into the most ordinary aspects of life, not just at work. He believed that real change requires more than just an economic revolution. It means transforming daily life itself to be more free and creative, reducing the dominance of routines and consumer pressures. This idea connects to early socialist and communist thinkers who sought to change not only who own the factories but also how people live together. Lefaber was critical of both capitalism and Soviet style communism. He envisioned true communism as expanding democratic freedoms and making life more meaningful for everyone. He argued against simply replacing one from of control with another. His work suggests that a communist future would involve rethinking how we experience daily life. It calls for breaking free from the routines and expectations set by markets and bureaucratic states. Practical applications of Lefvra's ideas can be seen in urban design, public space usage, and community organization. For communists, this means fighting for economic equality and the right to shape everyday experiences in more democratic and fulfilling ways. Lefra's work remains relevant for anyone interested in building a society where daily life is not just about survival or consumption. Instead, it should focus on creativity, connection, and real freedom.

- The Psychology Behind Every Luxury Purchase You Make: Kind: captions Language: en Luxury brands are some of the best marketers in the world because when you really think about it, why does a leather bag cost $5,000 when another costs 300? Why do people wait months, sometimes even years, for a particular watch? And why does a simple logo make someone feel wealthier or more important? The answer is that luxury brands are not just selling you a product. They're selling you access to a world that feels more exclusive and more desirable than ordinary [music] life. And that's why luxury is so powerful. A watch can tell the same time as your phone. A bag can carry the same items as one that costs a fraction of the price. A shirt can cover your body whether it has a designer label or not. But luxury brands understand that people do not buy purely based on function. >> [music] >> They buy based on emotion, aspiration, and the story they want to tell about themselves. So, in this video, we're breaking down the science behind luxury brands and exactly how they make you want to buy, the good and the bad, and what to watch out for. Let's dive into the subtle psychology that makes certain types of products feel almost impossible to resist. >> Before we start, I'm Nick and welcome to my channel where I discuss gent style and lifestyle. I make videos on a wide variety of topics on how to dress well and how to live well. So, if that interests you, then click subscribe. Also, if you love men's style, follow me on Instagram. I'm posting there regularly and I have a ton of fun content planned. [music] The first thing that luxury brands understand is that people rarely buy luxury for the product alone. They buy it for what the product represents. A watch is not just a watch. A bag is not just a bag. And a pair of shoes is not just something to walk in. >> At a certain level, these objects become symbols of a lifestyle that suggests taste and status. Someone doesn't just buy a Rolex because it tells time. They buy it because it represents achievement. [music] Someone doesn't just buy an Hermes bag because it carries their belongings. They buy it because it represents exclusivity and craftsmanship. [music] And someone doesn't just buy a Ralph Lauren blazer simply because they need a jacket. They buy into the world Ralph Lauren has created, that of country houses, polo fields, Ivy League [music] charm, and old money elegance. The product is only one part of the appeal. The real desire comes from the identity affixed to it. Luxury brands are excellent at selling you a more successful, tasteful version of yourself. And once you believe the product brings you closer to that identity, it no longer feels just like a purchase. Starts to feel like a step towards becoming someone. Luxury brands are brilliant at storytelling. And if the last section was about what luxury makes you feel about yourself, this section is about what luxury makes you believe about the brand. Luxury brands invest a great deal of time and money building a whole world around their brand. [music] They leverage themes like heritage, craftsmanship, the founders, famous clients. Perhaps even they throw in some historic moments and traditions behind the brand. For example, Louis Vuitton is selling the romance of travel. [music] Hermes is selling equestrian heritage, handcrafted old-world refinement. And Cartier is selling royalty, elegance, and timeless sophistication. This all matters because the story makes an object feel more meaningful, which allows the consumer to develop an emotional attachment to the product and to the overall brand. This is why luxury brands constantly remind you where they come from. The longer the history, the deeper the mythology. And the deeper the mythology, the easier it is for the customer to believe that they are not just buying an object, they are buying [music] a small piece of culture and tradition. Another major way luxury brands make you want to buy is through scarcity. When something is difficult to access, [music] it immediately feels more valuable. It's simple supply and demand. If anyone can walk into a store and buy it, the product may still be beautiful, but it loses some of its mystique. But when there's a waitlist because of limited production or perhaps certain pieces are reserved only for top clients, the product feels more exclusive. That exclusivity creates desire because it makes a customer feel like owning the item means they're a part of an elite club. >> You see this especially with certain watches, handbags, rare fragrances, and made-to-order pieces. A great example is the Patek Philippe Nautilus in Tiffany [music] blue. Released in 2021, only 170 were made to celebrate the long relationship between Patek Philippe and Tiffany [music] & Co. One piece was later sold for over $6 million showing [music] just how scarce and desired this watch is. In normal retail, brands try to make buying as easy as [music] possible. But in luxury, a little scarcity can turn a purchase into an achievement. Luxury brands also understand that price is not just a number, but a part of the story. In ordinary retail, a high price can scare people away. But in luxury, a high price can actually make a product feel more desirable to the right audience >> because it signals exclusivity and importance. If something costs significantly more than the average alternative, people often assume that there must be something special about it. That does not mean that price and quality are always the same thing. Sometimes the price reflects better materials and craftsmanship. Other times you're paying heavily for the name and the feeling that the brand has created around the product. >> A good example of this is the iconic Burberry trench coat. Burberry's Kensington Heritage trench is around $2,400. You [music] can find similar coats for a lot less, but here the high price point is a part of the brand's exclusivity. These companies know that if everyone can afford it, it loses a part of its status. So, the price itself becomes a filter. It tells the customer that this is not for everyone. And strangely enough, that's often what makes people want it even more. Another way luxury brands create desire is through social proof. People naturally pay attention to what highly admired and successful people are wearing. So, when a luxury product appears on a celebrity, an athlete, a royal, or a cultural icon, it becomes more than just an item. It becomes a signal. This is why brands are incredibly careful about who they associate with. The right person can make a product blow up. For example, James Bond, as we all know, wears an Omega. Steve McQueen wore a TAG Heuer Monaco. Or think about Princess Diana carrying the Lady Dior. These associations all give those products a story beyond the object itself. I have a bottle of Macallan whiskey just behind me simply because it's the whiskey of choice for James Bond. [music] So, association works. Once enough admired people are seen wearing or using something, the desire [music] spreads. Not because everyone has it, but because the right people do. Luxury brands go beyond the product itself and carefully design the entire buying experience around how they want you to feel. A luxury boutique is rarely designed to feel like an ordinary store. The lighting is softer and the displays are more selective. The space is quieter, it's more polished, and it's often more intimidating. They may also have private appointments, coffee or champagne available, careful packaging, and sales associates who make the experience feel personal. All of this creates theater around the purchase. You're not simply walking in, grabbing something off the shelf, and then leaving. You're stepping into the world of the brand. >> The boutique becomes a part of the exclusive private club that the brand is trying to curate. And the more elevated the experience feels, the easier it is to believe that the product is more valuable. That's also why luxury packaging matters, too. Everything from the box to the ribbon. [music] It's all designed to make the purchase feel ceremonial. Luxury brands understand that when the buying experience feels special, the product feels special, too. The final thing that luxury brands do is they understand that the most powerful purchases are often emotional. A good number of people rarely buy luxury items simply because they need something. They buy it to mark a moment, whether it's a promotion, a milestone birthday, a wedding, a graduation, an anniversary, or a personal achievement. The product becomes connected to a memory, which makes it feel more meaningful than an ordinary purchase. This is why luxury brands often invoke words like timeless, [music] iconic, heirloom, legacy, and investment piece. They want the product to feel like something that belongs to your life story, like a watch that you buy after building your career or a suit that you wear on an important day. That emotional connection is powerful because it makes the product feel deeply personal. Of course, there's another darker side to luxury. Luxury can represent quality products, but it can also tap into a person's insecurity and fear of being left out. This is where desire becomes manipulation. There's a difference between buying a watch because you love its design and engineering and buying it because you've been made to feel inadequate without it. It's always important to remember that a famous logo does not automatically make something stylish [music] and a high price point elegant. And owning luxury does not automatically make someone refined. This is why you have to be honest about why you want something. Are you buying it because it genuinely fits into your life and your taste? Or are you buying it because you hope it will change how people see you? A gentleman can appreciate luxury, but he must never be controlled by it. So, the answer is to buy carefully and with taste. Before buying something expensive, ask yourself a simple question. Would I still want this if no one knew the brand? If the answer is no, you may be buying it more for the name rather than the object itself. Look for pieces that genuinely suit your personal style, your lifestyle, and your wardrobe. Luxury should feel like an extension of your taste, not a costume that you put on to impress people. Then look for heritage. Some luxury pieces are desirable because they come from real tradition, like the Cartier Tank. This is actually something that's on my list to buy. Then there's also the Burberry trench, a Barbour jacket, an Hermes tie, or a pair of Edward Green shoes. The history gives them more meaning than just the logo alone. >> And most importantly, look for quality. Pay attention to the materials, the construction, the fit, the finishing, and the longevity. [music] Ask yourself, will this age well? Can it be repaired? Does it feel beautiful in person? Real luxury isn't about being flashy or flexing what you bought to others. It's about taste, craftsmanship, and buying items with a deeper meaning. There's nothing wrong with appreciating beautiful things. Just make sure you know what's being sold to you. If you enjoyed this video, make sure you subscribe to the channel for more content on men's style, luxury grooming, etiquette, and the habits of a modern gentleman. Also, let me know in the comments what luxury item do you think is actually worth the money and what luxury item do you think is pure marketing. I'm looking forward to reading the answers. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @leerolt [39 likes]: I went onto the waiting list for a Rolex that I wanted, but after a few months I came to my senses and decided that there was no way I was going to sit for years on a list for the privilege of giving them my money. Happily wear various other watches in rotation now.
  2. @fnfn9229 [30 likes]: My uncle bought first class tickets on an airplane for the 1st time a few years ago, he was on his phone when he noticed that the person next to him was constantly talking about tesla, my uncle starts to chit chat with him about the brand and discovers that the guy is actually an executive at tesla. 

My uncle tells him how much he loves the brand and how he cant wait to buy his first tesla.

The executive takes a liking to him and tells him to buy the stock, and tells him to go to a specific dealership and put my uncle as a relative in the system, The stock gain basically paid for the car lmao, but not only that, but he got a relative dicount and 10 years free charging for that car....

An 5k first class ticket, made him money.....
  3. @walterfoyt5985 [10 likes]: I have a large collection of Hermes ties.  I wear them not because they are Hermes.  I wear them because I love them, even though I don’t think most people know what they are.
  4. @dark_gravity_edc [5 likes]: I think there's a lot of items, I consider luxury, that are worth the money to upgrade materials and craftsmanship. I don't think they're very many "luxury brands" worth paying up for. There are many small and extremely skilled workers throughout the world to where you can have anything you want custom made at a much more reasonable price than any "luxury house." To me, that is true luxury. Talking to the person that's going to cut and sew the item, choosing the materials with them, know exactly where the materials came from.
  5. @olafkeith9186 [5 likes]: Thanks for the video. I found it very helpful in explaining sone of my own behaviors towards luxury brands.
  6. @Mtho5.4 [5 likes]: I can give a pass to some luxury car brands because I'm a car enthusiast. Outside that I dont bother much with luxury brands. As long as its functional and presentable, I'm happy.
  7. @BrandonD [3 likes]: Money flows where is welcomed and gratitude brings abundance.   You’ve earned it worked hard and it doesn’t matter what others think.  Just remember that what is desired by you is destined for you
  8. @supersonique001 [3 likes]: Just remember Gordon Gekko's speech : The illusion has become real and the more real it becomes the more desperately they want it, capitalism at it's finest! Make sure it's worth it to you otherwise you're just being 'taken' ! LOL.
  9. @bubba7177 [3 likes]: Something is worth what someone is willing to pay. A bargain to one person is overpriced to another.  That having been said, to me luxury must have exceptional quality. If the quality is not there, then I don’t care what the price is. It will not be purchased.
  10. @rlkinnard [2 likes]: I bought 2 Burberry raincoats because i got the bug in me that they were good raincoats.    And Omega and Tag Heuer have not gotten much benefit out of their associations with the movies and James Bond whereas Parket Phillipe has one extremely well.  LVMH is having its problems, and I can name some people in fashion who are pushing their products.  But Hermes seems to have no fashion ambassadors.
  11. @CDOro [1 likes]: I feel like youre reading an AI script 😂 those who know knows
  12. @xxfaithyxx1 [1 likes]: I love your description of how the brands play into their heritage identity. This has definitely been a motive for me, as a buyer.
  13. @yongbinsong9676 [1 likes]: The answer is very simple,  because they don't have self-esteem, which means the very fact that they are obsessed with others' attention.
  14. @stevenv.surawski1178 [1 likes]: very interesting video
  15. @coldtusker647: Good video. It is worth knowing that one can buy a luxury or sartorial item if one can afford it, and indeed genuinely loves it for its ownership, and not to show it off. Most well made expensive items (not all) are built with great design, patience and are meant to have a timeless appeal, as if they were made yesterday. That is a signature of good thoughtful design. But you do not need to be the person who is known just for that particular possession. you should not like to be introduced as 'this is Mr. so and so, who owns a PP Nautilus'. Your self worth depends on what you do, what you contribute and what you build/create. And it may just get noticed that you happen to be wearing an exclusive watch, or an expensive tie...
  16. @ggazetta1: not the chat gpt generated script and you reading from it.
  17. @Riboflavin45: My Casio was $20 & it tells the date/time just fine. Nuff said 🥱
  18. @thinky6076: Luxury brand, you are the product, simple 😂
  19. @ronnieragin2916: Dude, I say you'll be surprised! 😏

- The Secrets Behind Our Addiction To Luxury Brands: Kind: captions Language: en let's talk about Bernard Arno he's a name synonymous with luxury goods Arno is the CEO of lbmh and he has spent nearly four decades building his fortune creating a a luxury goods Empire that boasts some of the most prestigious brands in fashion jewelry and alcohol now he's an estimated net worth of around 221 billion and he frequently Vis with the likes of Jeff basos and Elon Musk for the title of the wells as man arno's business strategy rewards around a few key principles and if you're Keen to understand why High net worth individuals by luxury then it's crucial to grasp these fundamental motivations I'm Paul Russell co-founder of luxury Academy and as a dedicated training partner for renowned luxury companies worldwide I've gained unique insights into these motivations so there are three types of motivation that you really need to understand but first let's address the fundamental psychological strategy that's at play in the minds of luxury consumers one that they're often very unaware of and it's called heuristics but simply heuristics are decision-making shortcuts and on any given day we as humans employ thousands of these shortcuts so how has this helped Arno amass his vast Fortune by understanding the five luxury heuristics you can understand how the luxury consumer makes buying decisions it's really that straightforward number one is what we call the price quality istic or the price quality bias and we often believe that if we pay more for something we get a better product but there's a limit to Quality even for luxury goods a 30,000 barenburg isn't inherently Superior in quality to a 3,000 one that's where juristic number two comes in brand Prestige High net weth clients often use a brand as a shortcut for assessing value and quality this ties in with the price quality heuristic a back and B cost 30,000 because it's a the brand impacts the decision making would you pay either of these prices without that brand logo unlikely number three is gidy the desire for what's rare or exclusive is incredibly powerful luxury Brands understand this and often create scarcity to drive demand sometimes intentionally in the case of the berenberg and sometimes unintentionally in the case of protect number four is social proof luxury pages are very often influenced by how product or brand is perceived within our social cycle endorsements from peers work colleagues and friends can greatly impact desirability and finally number five is what we call the aesthetic appeal juristic just like we perceive something that is more expensive as better quality we also perceive something that is attractive and elegant as better quality and more reliable Apple products are a prime example of the aesthetic appeal turistic now that you understand heuristics let's delve into the motivation behind them shall we by understanding these motivations you become a much more effective luxury expert there are three primary motivations that you need to be aware of the first is called personal pleasure or hedonic motivation and it's the intrinsic pleasure that you get from owning or experiencing a product or service and we experience it either through the desire to reward yourself when celebrating a success or Milestone or through self-expression and identity where we're motivated by what an item or what a brand says about it to the outside world away from luxury this might involve buying an iPhone over say an Oppo because the iPhone symbolizes Innovation style and Status most of you who are brainwashed by Apple are going to say oh it's the Apple ecosystem most people who own an iPhone don't own an iMac MacBook an iPad or a Vision Pro so buying an iPhone is actually a stous choice secondly we have social motivators it comes with no surprise that most luxury items serve as a status or symbol of prestige conformity in a sense of belonging is also at play here if everyone in your social group is wearing Chanel Dior and Gucci then there's a higher than normal chance that you will be motivated to wear these designers as well it's a form of peer pressure but it's more about fitting in and conforming to the social norms of your peer group and contrary to popular belief very few people actually want to be unique and stand out from the crowd a prefrontal cortex and or amydala insist on Conformity for both social acceptance and for safety you see a lot of this in schools without uniforms different groups will develop different uniforms themselves and if you don't have the right trainers or the right schoolb and so forth you're going to be rejected from the group and nobody wants that and we're motivated by the recommendations of our social pair group as well what would my BFF think about this if I bought this or what will my partner think about it will they find attractive if I wear this this is called social influence where our buying behavior is Guided by social cues and lastly we have cultural motivations and this is a subject too vast to cover here but there are two very important things to be aware of cultural capital and traditional Heritage so cultural capital relates to buying a brand or wearing a particular luxury item to look sophisticated and to demonstrate to the outside world that you have knowledge of culture and arts there are some rather silly parts of present day Society who wrongly believe this motivation is cultural appropriation if you were to walk down Bond Street wearing Indian C pajamas there's a high chance that you're going to be accosted by some unshowered 20-some year old trite screaming at you for appropriating a culture and I'm talking from experience here if you were to walk through palala in Mumbai wearing the same outfit you'd be stopped and complimented by Indians young and old telling you how great you are and thank you for wearing their local clothing the other significant cultural motivation is Heritage and tradition never underestimate the significance of history and Heritage that a brand plays in consumer decisions saboro suit PS from Oman all benefit from the cultural motivation that encompasses their legacy and identity and it provides a sense of exclusivity for luxury consumers so in summary the masters of luxury goods understand the psychological motivations and heuristics that influence why High net weth clients buy luxury it's that simp

  Top Comments:
  1. @pheebsbee1280 [3 likes]: You forgot to mention comforting . Buying something that feels like a hug. To build self esteem when feeling low.
  2. @e.a.p3174 [3 likes]: I’m fascinated. I always wondered who and why people buy those luxury goods.
  3. @RockyT4114 [2 likes]: It made me laugh when he said bff. He is upper class i wouldnt expect him to say that
  4. @servantprince [1 likes]: "it's not that we can't satisfy the poor, it's that we can not satisfy the rich"
  5. @abhimawa1 [1 likes]: I thought true high net worth people enjoy about having high quality (material, fabric, functionality, etc.), with no brand  or certain identity? Some people use Apple because of its reliability, ease of use, practicality, and the same reason for wearing a Rolex (the tool watch collection, not the Cellini ones), and Lexus for being a well made vehicle with Toyota’s durability. Or, has the world changed?
  6. @thedancingtarot [1 likes]: I feel like I need to go to the “Point of No Return” school just so I can change my external aesthetic and presence so I can be comfortable and confident around high net worth. Thank you!
  7. @fc4660: I’m down a rabbit hole and watching a number of your videos as a new subscriber. Thank you, Paul, everyone is a gem. I’m a life coach (currently standing on the precipice of landing on my pricing which you have helped me slay the dragon this evening) as well as working in private banking.
  8. @rosariocontreras3577: The Indian mayor of NYC ask the king of England return the stolen items
  9. @CatherineWolf-i8v: It's reassuring to see positive reviews for  :yt: amzswis :yt:.
  10. @TildaBergmann: Good video! I follow a channel called @IlonaCallsLuxury and she is a luxury industry expert, I recommend her video, worth checking it if you're interested in luxury brands!
  11. @jeanlefranc3817: Investors are more levelheaded than punters. LVMH stock price has seriously plunged from lofty heights and still, its yield is way below what should be expected from a premium stock.
  12. @sutats: Look at me, I'm important. lol
  13. @dool1002: Lol every luxury brands started with an innovative product like Burberry with the new development in waterproof fabrics for the Trenchcoat, LV with large and robust luggages, etc etc etc. The price was the advertisement to cater to specific affluent social and wealth class so the masses followed. It's the other way around where the masses followed this 'luxury' idea. Similar to Tesla vehicles.
  14. @SchwarzeBananen: Interesting, indeed! But the little speck on the necktie distracts me. 🧐
  15. @BRBallin1: I'm a fan of buying quality but I also don't buy purely for brand or aesthetics. The only brands I have come across that offer genuinely top notch quality for the price you pay are Apple, Tesla, Lululemon, Nike
  16. @Martinmarvin500: Thank you Paul
  17. @mica00ela: The violins in the background  are overpowering the voice
  18. @Paporn-v9w3q: If the customers not buying by the credit cards. So luxurious anyway but we are poorer than you. We need more money for our house and our children are in debt and the housing debt.
  19. @nickgreen8268: Would it be too much of a luxury to find a quiet space to record these videos?
  20. @Cl0udn1n3: "for desire is the measure of all things"... Crowley.  Thoth's house of the net- "what is your net worth," the weights and cordages of the net of mind, body and spirit. This web is made of desires and the realities they create, what was the ritual of desires and the corresponding literal and invisible brands evoked by these desires preceding the sex resulting in the formation of a new biological embodiment of the ideas preceding the physical ritual of sex and conception, also, the same rush of feelings floods the baby based on the mother.  The baby's conscious imprintation could be a mom who never orgasms and has they feelings of a conformist, the needs of a psychology where there is never enough, how different is this baby compared to one who paid heed to more beautiful and loving factors preceding the ritual of physical conception, with those ideas and feelings flooding baby in it's formative years.  Human physicality and sexuality are the breeding grounds of ideas and patterns which grew big enough to turn us into the breeding grounds for further expansion of their idea forms expressed in physicality and social reality.  The memetic algorithm the men and women are but women are the store managers of in the case of this planet's reality.  The most powerful people never have to do anything to prove their influence or worth, so it is with attractive women, thus they are the center for the worst of ideas.  The fallen angels were said to divide by lots, oppression for many and exaltation for the few, create division and scarcity and make an empire of it. Embed that empire in the genes of conquered lesser races, make them associate connection with the female and the only openings to love and pleasure or feelings of worth in existence not shut off through genetic tampering your business.  Force the pattern into them on a genetic level, Enki #40 the God of magic and the waters, the waters being an allusion to business, his real domain, and the business was creating slave races.  Selling the womb, this is the waters, mem.  Conform and have sex.  Don't and work in the mines till you die.  Quickly all the men who don't conform die.  With the women, those who let their sex be sold were allowed water births and medical treatment, those who didn't were cast out to die at high rates from childbirth as was the norm at the time.  The ones who did this to humans still watch us but won't love us.  Humans were made to be obedient to hierarchy, greed and to value that which is not their will higher than themselves.  The pattern remains in human genes.  Women, the first luxury item, since God made Eve, the rest has been marketing and branding.  Is she hiding her nakedness to create more value in scarcity or because she is ashamed of her transformation into a tool for the perpetual betrayal of each generation of her children because she allowed her mind, spirit and body to be transformed into a marketing tool rather than a channel of divine love?  Better eat at the tree of knowledge of good and evil to find out for sure.  But you will pay a price.  Does the high level observer here blame Adam, or realize that this rib analogy is a metaphor for genetic engineering, the placenta as a viral source of intelligence is evidence, viral filament piercing the fetus, filling it with Thought.  What kind of father gives his son a snake when he asks for a fish?  And think of the 12 behind the strands of our dna, they never loved us, and never stopped selling our oppression and pain, they still refuse to touch us.  Maybe this is why Jesus never touched a woman? Twelve at the table before Jesus walked in, twelve at the fire before Jesus was betrayed, yet when he calls them to stay by the fire before his final day they all go off to sleep.  Jesus didn't die for your sins, he died to whip those who turned his temple into a marketing ploy, and this is the perfect metaphor because the true temple is the human body, and it has become a marketing tool instead of a divine thing.  Luke 23:27-31 “A large number of people followed him, including women who mourned and wailed for him. Jesus turned and said to them, ‘Daughters of Jerusalem, do not weep for me; weep for yourselves and for your children. For the time will come when you will say, “Blessed are the barren women, the wombs that never bore and the breasts that never nursed!” Then they will say to the mountains, “Fall on us!” and to the hills “Cover us!” For if men do these things when the tree is green, what will happen when it is dry?’”

- The Psychology Behind Why We Buy Luxury Goods: Kind: captions Language: en purchasing items is a lot more complicated than you might imagine the mere act of buying something is often influenced by social psychology some purchase a luxury handbag from a designer as the run-of-the-mill tuesday afternoon spending thousands of dollars at a high-end boutique is a common event for them there is no denying the grand appeal that luxury goods have after all with luxury items everything is different the leather is soft the logo is flashy but the price can be off-putting those who can afford luxury items daily without breaking the bank or getting entrenched in debt are those with high-paying jobs successful businesses or family fortunes despite knowing all of this many people continue to build a pit of debt for themselves by constantly purchasing super expensive items and desiring the luxurious and exclusive experience so what makes people want to buy luxurious items no matter the consequence in this video we'll be investigating the psychology of super expensive items with a huge price tag slapped on several items it only makes sense that a certain class of people goes for the high-end items but that is not often the case consumers are not always rational with their purchases all at the time someone rational will act following the size of his or her pockets within reason and logic however several behavioral studies show that humans are not rational beings at all these studies also show that many consumers purchase luxury goods even when they're not in a position to do so the proof of this school of thought is evident in the high rates of consumer debt that many americans deal with no matter how you look at it it's pretty clear that many consumers do not act in their best financial interest by purchasing high-end luxury goods that they can barely afford even when presented with a high quality and durable handbag with a moderate price tag at one hundred dollars many people were still opt for the high-end luxury bag that will set them back thousands of dollars it does not matter that both bags perform the same function and are relatively the same in terms of quality one of the reasons why people would rather purchase high-end and expensive items over their cheaper counterparts is the human tendency to over emphasize the positive elements of a product and ignore the disadvantages a good example of this phenomenon is consumers of the products made by apple although there is no proof that the new releases of iphones ipads and mac computers released by apple are technologically superior or even unique when compared to their counterparts many people wait for overnight releases and spend hundreds and thousands of dollars purchasing their products this is even though there are cheaper options available that offer the same function in fact in terms of technological advancement and superiority many tech experts would choose samsung phones over iphones microsoft corporation and xiaomi also made great phones at a relatively cheaper price despite the plethora of better options in terms of price and technological advancement apple still has its brand of loyal followers and they seem to be growing with each new release despite the many options out there many people would rather go into debt to purchase the new iphone than go for a cheaper option because those phones do not have the luxury brand that apple carries non-luxury goods are often considered inferior by so many people under them being non-luxury this perception has nothing to do with the characteristics and qualities of the products themselves this perception then leads to a warped conclusion that the higher priced goods are better quality this irrational logic leads them to believe that with higher priced goods what you pay for is what you get disregarding whether or not the goods are better than their more affordable counterparts costly items and expensive goods are often considered to be high quality exclusive custom-made goods that offer more to their consumers than their cheaper counterparts even though there is no proof that expensive means better many people would still consider expensive things to be better and more effective even when they are no different from their cheaper counterparts according to a study conducted by scientists at the california institute of technology and stanford united there are changes to the human brain when they discover they are making use of expensive items the study showed that people believe that the taste of wine is better when they're told it is expensive an mri scan of the brain revealed that they do enjoy it more when they think that the wine is indeed more expensive similar results were observed in another study when a placebo was used in place of an analgesic the participants who took the pill that were supposedly worth two dollars and fifty cents said that they felt more pain relief than when they took the pill worth only ten cents however both pills were identical placebos another reason why people would break the bank to purchase super expensive items can be associated with self-esteem low self-esteem can prompt people to purchase luxury items whether or not they can afford them several consumers associate owning luxury goods with boosting their self-esteem and giving them a sense of belonging with online shopping on the rise many people can purchase a 500 scarf at the click of a button whether or not they can afford it as many people consider shopping therapeutic luxury goods are considered the ultimate retail therapy the internet has made luxury items easily accessible for impulse shopping and that has further propagated the idea that luxury items are special indeed many shoppers feel a sense of accomplishment when they purchase luxury goods they consider it a reward for accomplishing set goals and meeting certain deadlines by treating themselves to something that they cannot normally afford the consumers would rather choose luxury items over the normal reasonably priced quality counterparts rather than save money with a fake rolex many people would rather pay full price for an authentic rolex even when they look the same although they look the same the owner will know that they're not quite the same and would rather purchase an authentic luxury good like a high-end watch over a fake look-alike this does not seem like a rational choice if the point of purchasing luxury goods is to show off to others then why wouldn't customers just buy a fake when that will do the trick just fine well according to researchers at vale the quest for authenticity is something humans developed since childhood a study conducted tried to convince children that a cloning machine had produced their favorite toy the study discovered that most children refused to accept the duplicate as the original it was discovered that the sentimentality of the item is one of the reasons why we seek authenticity the sentimentality can occur in the form of memory or feeling that comes from having purchased a genuine luxury good that means that for some people treating themselves to a pair of fake christian louboutin brand boots is just not the same and not at all as special according to research conducted by michael norton a psychologist and professor of business administration at harvard business school price and perception have a huge influence on purchasing decisions of consumers if an item is reportedly twice as expensive it is assumed to be twice as good norton's research indicated that as humans we are motivated to splurge because our happiness can be boosted by having new experiences this is why many people might choose a five-star restaurant for a new experience rather than the safe and predictable three-star option it is also the reason why people choose to save up and go out all splurging during events like birthdays and anniversaries following that line of logic norton analyzed why people are constantly purchasing very expensive items and new expensive experiences there is an extra boost when you increase the quality of the experiences so a ten thousand dollar whiskey bottle may be twice as pleasant as a five thousand dollar whiskey bottle because it's an exceptional experience some people are constantly searching for uniquely leisure experiences even when it might be less pleasurable to build out and experience this by collecting awesome memories consumers experience a sense of achievement and progress and also improve their wow people purchase luxury goods for a variety of reasons most of those reasons are not at all logical but attached to emotions even when the purchase of a luxurious item does not have the most financial sense many consumers would rather go into debt purchasing luxury items rather than purchase a cheaper item of the same quality perhaps by understanding the psychology of super expensive items many people will be able to deal with their constant desire to choose only the expensive and give the cheaper alternative of great quality a try as well so tell me do you spend lavishly on luxury items if so at what point of income do you think it is justifiable let us know in the comments section below and if you enjoyed this video hit that like button and don't forget to subscribe to our channel for weekly luxury content goodbye lux cats until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @DharmendraRaiMindMap [3 likes]: One word answer: stupidity
  2. @dollywood24 [3 likes]: Michelin star restaurants are 1-3 stars. Hotels receive 1-5 stars.
  3. @luxe_cat [1 likes]: Have you bought a bottle of Ace Of Spades?
  4. @Muselinksworldly [1 likes]: Owners of these luxury brands worked really hard to make their products a brand name. So if you buy it that means you work hard. You deserve it. And it probably feels good and yea it boosts your confidence up a bit. So what? Your money your choice. I see nothing wrong with it. If you don’t work hard or you think you do for whatever reason and you decided to buy it. Bad choice. But again your money your choice. Do you.
  5. @baze3SC [1 likes]: Ironically, wealthy people tend to have a better understanding of the value of money. Plus, they rarely feel the need to flaunt their wealth. It’s typically lower-middle-class individuals who believe that purchasing overpriced items is a shortcut to happiness or higher social status.
  6. @Silverripples [1 likes]: luxury is just a label,  nowadays items adhere to at least a minimum of quality or otherwise they would not survive in todays market,.a 1000 dollar bag is better than a 5 dollar one but never better than a 70 dollar bag. There is a price and quality turn point and there it is nonsense to spent more. A rolex is a watch that tells you time, a timex does the same, it is its functionality in the end, otherwise it is just posing for the person.
  7. @mazharali1181 [1 likes]: Human psychology is insane 😳
  8. @FlawlessMotivations12: That's why I want to kill all hooomans by 2028 🤨🤨
  9. @MioYuki: I have low self-esteem and I'm not buying those stupid things
  10. @professionalboycottservice7872: Spending 10000 on whiskey or wine is the dumbest money move. Spending luxury is better on things you cannot eat and shit.
  11. @professionalboycottservice7872: I only have iPhone 8 plus. Not into electronics. I love bags.
  12. @garyh.2487: Happiness is being irrational.
  13. @Ricoposole91: If you can afford luxury items go for it, but that means you have your investments and they are generating income for your luxuries. If you’re buying items on credit cards and payments that means you can’t afford it
  14. @Ricoposole91: If you can afford luxury items go for it, but that means you have your investments and they are generating income for your luxuries. If you’re buying items on credit cards and payments that means you can’t afford it

- How Luxury Brands Hack Your Brain to Make You Spend: Kind: captions Language: en let's say you're strolling through nightsbridge in London and something in the Harold's window catches your eye it could be a piece of jewelry an item of clothing or even a luxury trip now imagine you start to develop strong feelings of desire you decide you simply must have it do you see the prizer and snap you're hit with the reality that your bank account isn't sufficiently full enough to buy it however you somehow find yourself propelled as if by Magic into herods and before you know it you've bought the bloody thing why do we buy things we know we can't afford the answer requires a look at how our brain functions if you think of buying a luxury product as a sport and the Brain as the team playing the sport there's a whole host of players with different purposes on the field so you've got neurotransmitters hormones and cognitive biases playing roles the prefrontal cortex is the main player Which shapes how we make decisions it shapes our social behavior how we express our personality and evaluate the level of desirability a particular luxury product has it also deals with the potential consequences of buying that product the prefrontal cortex Works hand inand with the lyic system including the amydala and the hippocampus and these are responsible for the emotional responses and how we form memories this emotional engagement it's essential because luxury is very much about evoking strong feelings of Desire status and belonging so neurotransmitters like dopamine and serotonin then start to Surge reinforcing the pleasure centers when buying these luxury products dopamine in particular heavily influences buying decisions because it elevates the feelings of anticipation of pleasure and reward then serotonin levels the impact that our mood and perceptions of social status and creating an addictive powerful cocktail hairs trust also plays a huge role in buying luxury as does the idea of being part of something bigger and this is controlled by the hormone oxytocin which creates these social bonds things like personalization exclusive events VIP treatments and so forth these are going to release oxytocin it's the feeling of belonging hormone and finally cognitive biases play a massive role things like the bandwagon effect for example or confirmation bias are both hugely powerful behavioral drivers within luxury the bandwagon effect drives us to what other people have so that we're not left behind it drives us to be admired and popular Tik Tok Trends are a classic example of the bandwagon effect so back to the question why do we buy when we know we can't afford it that addictive and Powerful mix of hormonal and psychological activity means that we block out the negatives like next month's credit card bill and focus only on ensuring everything we see and hear is positive and pleasurable and armed with this information luxury burn control your environment to enhance these positive feelings and to get you to buy even more often now some people call this manipulation I prefer to call it inflence let me know what you think

  Top Comments:
  1. @gaby.salazar [10 likes]: Excellent video! Thanks for creating it, Paul.
I prefer "influence", too. When purchasing luxury, we choose the feeling we fantasize about. We are influenced, but all our decisions or choices are influenced by something or someone.
  2. @e.a.p3174 [5 likes]: Funny, I get more pleasure from having money in my bank account, and not worrying about money .  So much in our society is bought on debt to impress others who really don’t care
  3. @jennynguyen-lam5633 [4 likes]: What about those ppl who are able to stop themselves? This is called self discipline, yes?
Or better yet those who can afford the luxury item or the exclusive even but can clearly see the value does not match the price.
  4. @DAILUX.ASCEND [4 likes]: I’ve been waiting for quite some time to stumble across a channel just like your’s sir.

I’m actively chipping away at building one of the newest and greatest luxury brands of all time, and you’ve already provided me with value that I’m very grateful for.

Thank you 🕊️
  5. @Sghoch [4 likes]: Right to the point and correct
  6. @jodyclark7527 [2 likes]: My eyes are bigger than my wallet 😊😊
  7. @jfn467 [2 likes]: Gullible people, spend some years and pennies on a decent psychotherapist for a couple of years, find your true self esteem, and stop wasting money on useless consumption to try to prove your worth!
  8. @BusinessBankingAndBeyond [1 likes]: This environment not only enhances the perceived value of the products but also creates a memorable experience that customers are willing to pay a premium for. Finally, the endorsement of celebrities and influencers further reinforces the allure of luxury items. These figures serve as aspirational icons, and their association with a brand can significantly boost its perceived prestige. By understanding these strategies, consumers can become more mindful of their purchasing decisions and recognize the psychological influences at play.👏🎬
  9. @Dumbantha369 [1 likes]: This channel is everything I’ve been looking for. I’m so delighted. Thank you❤
  10. @johnjennings8021: A sales person influencing someone to buy something that they can't afford is unethical.
  11. @loonadeux: How are these videos so soothing. I feel like a toddle watching teletubbies.
  12. @josiahanderson9328: With regards to that example at the beginning of the video about a client  buying a product they didn’t intended to originally, I would like to say two things:

1. The client could obviously afford that product, whether they bought it in credit, put on their credit card or spent their savings. They figured they could afford it.

2. Nobody forced that client to buy anything. Even if the sales representative used honeyed words the decision was ultimately the clients.
  13. @rainbowpheanix: one thing i can say is that Paul has "influenced" me to like the video very much. and the content is but a small part of it.
  14. @sospan: "Reassuringly Expensive" was a highly successful and iconic advertising slogan used for
Stella Artois in the United Kingdom from 1982 to 2007. Developed by agency Lowe & Partners, the campaign aimed to turn a negative—the high price of the beer—into a positive, signaling superior quality.  

A marketing masterpiece taking an average Belgium beer (Although in Britain thought it was the more fashionable French at the time). Whilst the stella (Star in Flemish) was intended as a Christmas beer (star on the tree) it was interpreted as Stellar meaning better or akin to the ladies name. Coupled with some very imaginative video adverts, it became a sensation.
  15. @Mr_Kenneth: I recently put quite a nice chunk of money into an account. I haven't spent anything yet, as theres nothing I really want or need to scratch that egotistical itch. But the self assurance I have knowing I have financial peace of mind is priceless.
  16. @stephenkrus: Neuro-psychology of Sales! 👑
  17. @CH-Student: 👏🏻👏🏻
  18. @xanblacq: Thank you for this.
  19. @westgatehygienecleaningsol3442: ❤❤❤
  20. @Luucky-888: 😮

- Why Everyone is Sick of Luxury Brands: Kind: captions Language: en this is Chanel's medium 2.55 leather flatb in 2019 it was priced at $5,800 but in 2025 they're selling it for $10,800 that's an 86% increase now before you jump to the obvious it's not just CU of inflation you think I brought you all the way to Fifth Avenue to talk about inflation uh-uh luxury Brands like Chanel King and lvmh used to have it all in the bag raising prices annually and still seeing huge demand in sales but in 2025 they're clutching their pearls and feeling an emptiness in their designer wallets the luxury industry lost 50 million consumers in the past 2 years and only onethird of the luxury goods industry is actually growing but with at least 58 million households around the world making over $1 million in 2023 there are plenty of people who can afford these products so why aren't they buying I sifted through years of luxury brand sales data and product price histories researched the global luxury market and spoke with a fashion industry expert to find out what I learned is that there's not a simple ironed out answer but there are a few reasons why these luxury brands are falling most of which were completely avoidable okay we all know supply and demand right as Supply goes up demand goes down and typically so do prices and vice versa that's all I got in my econ class but historically luxury goods turn that equation on its head this is thorstein Vin an American Economist who invented what's known as the velin good Goods curve his curve shows that as prices increase demand increases and that sounds delusional but in the world of luxury handbags and fashion it's right on the money see Vin Goods consumers appreciate the high price instead of a detraction it's seen as a worthwhile premium to ensure that the goods are rare and high quality that's what keeps them buying and luxury fashion sales AKA any wearable luxury goods have been steadily increasing for the most part with just a few speed bumps that you might have heard of the 2008 recession and Co but after that initial covid slowdown everything picked right back up analysts chock this up to Revenge spending which usually happens after a major economic event First Co happened and consumer spending declined then household savings went up over time and lastly with the economy recovering and a whole lot of disposable income saved up not to mention a whole lot of trauma and boredom consumers were buying willy-nilly AKA Revenge spending as a result of that spending the demand for these Goods rebounded in 2021 and then soared there was that hole nobody can leave their houses and usually what people did was they bought stuff online they bought a lot of stuff and this time luxury goods did behave like you'd expect on a typical supply and demand curve when demand shot up retailers raised their prices but after demand stabilized in 2021 there was an unprecedented increase in the price of luxury fashion so being put off by this consumers slowed their spending in the US and another essential luxury Market China there are several factors at play here all of which help explain why the luxury brand Market looks so torn up today first coming out of covid consumer spending habits changed in the US young consumers led the charge in buying secondhand goods and that movement although tough to attribute to just one thing was likely a combo of a shift to sustainable fashion cheaper clothes and sometimes higher quality AKA vintage you know the kids love it in 2023 the secondhand luxury Market hit $47 billion up 4% from 2022 largely thanks to gen Z second this generational shift is global with Chinese consumers spending Less on popular luxury Brands as Business Insider reports young Chinese consumers are opting for local Niche and independent luxury firms that offer unique and authentic products and third shifting cultural norms encouraged by the Chinese government styed the luxury Market luxury shaming is rampant in China as the government cracks down on flashy luxury billboard ads and bans luxury influencers from its social media platforms all in an effort to steer the Chinese people back to a more communist low consumption Society but all of this is a result of the biggest problem plaguing luxury Brands today and it's a problem that luxury Brands created for themselves so we touched on this before but just to add some gritty detail luxury Brands usually raise prices at Double the rate of inflation annually so pre- pandemic when inflation boun bounced around 2% luxury Brands increase their prices by about 5 to 7% every year however from 2019 to 2024 average prices of luxury goods increased by 61% in the US take this Canada Goose parka right in 2019 it sold for $995 in the US but from then to 2024 it surged 66% to $1,650 yeah that'll keep you warm in the winter earning your money in bag world the cost of Prada's popular Galleria safian bag increased 111% and Chanel's medium 2.55 leather flat bag that I mentioned earlier went from about $ 5800 to $10,800 in 86% increase and usually when you increase prices so dramatically it has to do with you know Innovation or boosted quality neither of which happened for these Brands let's take Louis Vuitton for example they've released many new products but when you think of the brand you probably think of that classic LV monogram design know the brown with the LVS everywhere you know the one here's the no way bag released in 1932 now here's the Never full bag from 2007 the pette matif from 2013 the multiple Chet accesso from 2019 and an iPhone 16 Pro Max case from 2024 I can pronounce that one yeah same classic monogram art iconic sure the more you want to tell people that you have made it the more likely you are to want to wear a logo somewhere that says I have arrived and this isn't to say that LV didn't release other products outside their monogram line but over time that extreme logo loudness from Louis Vuitton and others likely brought on some as Michael Kors called it during New York Fashion Week brand fatigue of course the counterfit market also didn't really help the situation however these Brands putting out the same iconic designs for many years is one thing but combining that with a dip in quality well that's a good way to tank your brand value the flap wasn't even the lining stitching they were not aligned this is definitely a quality control Miss by Rolex at the first glance it's too much plastic finish on it Chanel Michael Kors Louis Vuitton these Brands and more underd delivered on their Promises of high quality Innovation and craftsmanship and when Gen Z caught win that Innovation and quality were taking a faux leather back seat to insane price gouging they looked elsewhere of course they started going vintage they also took their money to smaller more Boutique Brands and stores for example merari a japan-based secondhand fashion seller app is in a seemingly NeverEnding growth pattern in 2023 just under 70% of Mar's around $6.4 billion of gross merchandise value came from the United States but even some brands that sell new products are picking up steam take the row founded by Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen you know the ones you heard that right in 2008 according to mean Boulevard the rose boom in popularity comes from its dedication to quality practicality and quiet fashion with no flashy logos and an emphasis on minimalism Prana also dipped into this small fashion business surge with its own sister brand called Mumu which helped the company's sales grow 18% in Q3 of 20124 sales for Mumu also grew 105% right now Mumu is doing very well if you have a Mumu like it can be a basic cardigan and if it's got the little Mumu logo that has a lot of pull right now but Gucci is doing very badly muumuu founded in 1992 has always targeted younger consumers as a trendy and affordable Prada alternative but now it's really paying off for Prada group and Mumu is just one of the brands revolutionizing the fashion industry for the rest we've created a list of 10 small high grossing fashion brands that are stealing the market share away from the big players in this list you'll find out who these brands are and how they've built lucrative cult-like followings without traditional luxury brand marketing tactics so if you want to know where the fashion industry is going and how these trendy brands are winning over customers check out the link in our description so yeah smaller brands are cleaning up right now but that doesn't mean all the luxury Giants are down for the count hermes's 2024 was very different from its competitors the French company earned over billion in the first three quarters of 2024 and that's up 14% from 2023 and they grew 7% in Asia excluding Japan the reason for this is simply because they don't sell a lot on purpose this could be a whole video in of itself but the company operates like its products are scarce they don't resign to usual Trends or seasons and they don't just want to sell you a product you have to work for it please just take a look at this redit thread getting Ares birken bag has turned into a game a game that you will never win a game that I will never play but aside from hunting down $60,000 handbags the upper class has found other ways to indulge in the luxury Market a form of travel that's gained tons of traction recently is renting Your Own Private Island the price ranges from $50,000 to $1 million per night and includes personal chefs and staff you will not be winning that on Wheel of Fortune anytime soon let me tell you and in Switzerland this Glacier Express VIP train with Scenic views of the Alps is consistently sold out at $540 a ticket luxury money is kind of like matter and energy it can't be created or destroyed the true luxury consumers are just figuring out what they want to do with their a lot of money now people got money they got dough they're just fed up with big luxury fashion brands so yeah there are some exceptions here but most luxury brands are in trouble and probably panicking but instead of toning things down for the very mindful very demure jenz consumer it seems that luxury brands are leaning into luxury experiences all in hopes is they'll get Shoppers back on the sales floor break out into an evil laugh and say everybody wants this everybody wants to be us and if you want more more stories about missteps Major Brands have made check out this video on how one decision tanked Southwest Airlines and if you can't get enough hustle be with us every day by subscribing to the hustle daily newsletter and getting deep Dives and updates like this [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheHustleChannel [35 likes]: 10 Brands Emerging in Luxury Fashion: https://clickhubspot.com/bwyi
  2. @cottonuwu3167 [1 likes]: The answer is simple, you said at the beggining "theres enough rich people to buy this" problem is that, thats not their target audience, usually middle to low income people are the ones buying this😂
  3. @1mouseman: Nothing says “sold my ebt card for cash” louder than a luxury brand.
  4. @TheRetiredEmployee: Supply goes up, demand goes down. LOL. What econs you learnt from? University of Bangladesh?
  5. @Daisysdad-e9x: No one wants to be seen in logos anymore. Tacky. Gawdy. Bad taste. Cheap.
  6. @ThanhPham-ic8bw: i have the money to buy them. but i prefer to look for quality and unique bags that not everyone own. sadly its hard to find brands these days that do that
  7. @TildaBergmann: Interesting video! I like watching content like yours🥰 @IlonaCallsLuxury has similar videos too about luxury industry
  8. @elizabethasphodel6020: This is why Hermes is different, yes its expensive, but its all ethically produced. They dont try to cut costs
  9. @caiofiuzaseixas9027: And im all hete for it
  10. @rhyscooper3693: The fashion industry is so out of touch. Even talking about it in this way like "there's plenty of money to go around", meanwhile people die due to the price of insulin.
  11. @whatevermynameis2852: Just buy replicas 🤣
  12. @v_stands_for_value124: They sell garbage, that's it
  13. @lavieestunsonge4541: Most luxury brands (as an avid shopper) have taken a huge downturn in quality and style. Many of the fashion houses now cater to the “streetwear” demographic. Why pay premium prices for outfits that look like they were bought at Marshall’s and Ross? Many of the items are made using synthetic materials and the handbags with all the logos on them are canvas and not great quality leather. You’re better off going to a leather maker and having personalized items that are tailored to your wants and needs at the price point. I also can’t stand the nonsense of waiting in a queue to get into a store, like a ridiculous nightclub. If I see a queue, I will not give them my business. Any brand who has staff that look down at me, or any other patron for that matter, will never get my business. We don’t need you, you need us, the shopper, to survive.
  14. @cheffington999: I will pay big money for a high quality product. Not a brand.
  15. @nasnora: Gucci is no longer a luxury, sadly
  16. @Bst-be1eu: 1:20  that’s not how supply and demand works. The 2 lines are independent, but the intersection determines the price. Also, luxury goods DO fit the law of supply and demand, if the supply is low but the demand is high, the price will be high.
  17. @iamsteve121: My 90s clothes are still kicking it, quality wise
  18. @jackx410: Luxury brands could reverse all this if they just stopped pushing trash quality products and expecting consumers to pay super premiums. Vintage goods often have higher quality relative to newer products hence their popularity.
  19. @priyamagarwal: Luxury was always exclusive and a tad bit mysterious. Simply out of reach. By making videos about it from Arctic to Altantic, and hence overexposing it— their basic premise is lost. GenZ behaviour isn’t helping . If they need to come back to life, they need to go away from the mass market where luxury would really thrive 😊
  20. @BrandHistori: Interesting information to know!

- Why People Buy Luxury Brands?: Kind: captions Language: en why would someone spend $10,000 on a handbag when a $50 one is the same job what is it about luxury brands that makes them so irresistible is it status quality or something deeper today we'll dive into the fascinating psychology behind why people buy luxury Brands and the answers might just surprise you the Allure of status first let's address the elephant in the room status luxury brands are more than just products they're a badge of success when someone buys a Rolex or drives a Ferrari it's not just about the product it's a silent announcement to the world I've made it psychologists call this conspicuous consumption buying expensive things to display wealth and status this concept has been around for centuries but luxury brands have perfected the art of making people feel like they belong to an elite club think about it when was the last time you saw someone post a picture of their new designer bag on Instagram was it about the bag or the message behind it the promise of quality next let's talk about quality luxury Brands often justify their high price tags with exceptional craftsmanship and materials a Chanel handbag isn't just a bag it's the result of hours of meticulous work by skilled Artisans a patch Philip watch isn't just a Time piece it's a legacy fun fact did you know it takes over 200 hours to handcraft a single Aires birken bag but here's the twist while quality matters it's not the main reason people buy luxury Brands if it were wouldn't everyone prioritize quality over logos emotional connection and identity here's where things get personal luxury Brands aren't just selling products they're selling emotions when you buy a Louis Vuitton bag you're not just buying leather and Hardware you're buying the feeling of prestige exclusivity and yes even happiness these these Brands understand that we don't make purchases based solely on logic we buy based on how it makes us feel owning a luxury item is like owning a piece of a dream a symbol of who we aspire to be in fact when you buy luxury are you really buying the product or the lifestyle it represents scarcity and exclusivity here's a genius strategy luxury brands use scarcity by making their products limited or hard to get they create a sense of urgency and exclusivity why do you think Aires bags have yearslong waiting lists or why certain sneakers sell out in minutes the harder it is to get the more we want it this is called the scarcity principle this psychological trick makes you feel like owning that item puts you in a rare elite group and in today's world exclusivity is power aspiration and fomo social media has Amplified our obsession with luxury seeing influencers unbox the latest Gucci belt or Dior perfume creates fomo fear of missing out and Brands know this luxury Brands spin billions on influencer marketing each year they're no longer just targeting the ultr rich they're creating affordable entrylevel items like perfumes or belts so even those on a budget can experience the brand it's the gateway to aspiration think about it how many people buy luxury because they love the product and how many buy it because they want to belong the power of branding finally let's talk about branding luxury Brands spend years building their Mystique they invest in exclusive storefronts celebrity endorsements and iconic logos that are instantly recognizable fun fact the lvmh group owns over 75 luxury Brands dominating the market globally these Brands don't just sell products they create experiences walking into a lwis vuon store feels different because they've mastered the art of making you feel special when you buy luxury you're buying into this carefully curated world it's not about what you need it's about what you want to feel so why do people buy luxury Brands it's not just about the product it's about status quality emotion exclusivity aspiration and branding luxury isn't just a purchase it's an experience and for many that feeling is worth every penny the question isn't whether luxury is worth it the question is what does luxury mean to you

  Top Comments:
  1. @wustafa1771: silent hahahahaha

- How Luxury Brands Trick You Into Paying More for Less #luxurylifestyle #documentary: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine walking into a store and seeing a handbag that costs more than your monthly rent. The leather looks flawless, the stitching perfect, and the brand logo instantly signals status. You might wonder, is it really worth that price, or are you paying for something else entirely? Here's the truth. Luxury brands are designed to make you pay more for less, and they've perfected the science behind it. Every detail, from store layout to product scarcity, is carefully orchestrated to create desire, exclusivity, and premium pricing. Today, we'll uncover the hidden strategies that make luxury brands some of the most profitable in the world. Even when the products themselves aren't necessarily better than their cheaper alternatives, the illusion of scarcity. Step into any high-end boutique and you'll notice something immediately. Products aren't stacked everywhere. Shelves are intentionally sparse, displays are minimal, and often the most coveted items aren't available for immediate purchase. This is no coincidence. Luxury brands thrive on the psychology of scarcity. Humans naturally desire what is rare. Limited availability signals value, creating a sense of urgency. You don't just buy a product, you gain access to something exclusive. Scarcity also generates social signaling. Owning a rare item communicates wealth, taste, and status. It's why many luxury bags are sold in small quantities or only in select cities. The strategy ensures that not everyone can have it, which only increases demand, and perceived value. Some brands even go further by creating artificial scarcity, limited edition collections, seasonal exclusives, or product drops ensure that buyers feel pressure to purchase immediately. The anticipation becomes part of the experience. Waiting months for a single item can make ownership feel like an achievement, intensifying the emotional value of the product. Branding that commands respect. Luxury isn't about the material alone. It's about the story. Every product carries a narrative about heritage, craftsmanship, and cultural significance. Brands like Chanel, Gucci, and Louis Vuitton invest millions in building an image that elevates perception of a functionality. The logo itself becomes a status symbol. When you carry it, people instantly recognize prestige. Luxury brands are masters of perception management, controlling advertising, social media presence, celebrity endorsements, and collaborations to craft an aura of sophistication. Even packaging and store experience contribute to this perception. Minimalist layouts, personalized service, and high-end interiors create an environment that reinforces exclusivity, making the product feel more valuable than its material component. Price as a status symbol. High price points are not a reflection of cost. They are a marketing strategy. In luxury, the price itself signals quality and exclusivity. Unlike mass market brands that compete on affordability, luxury labels maintain steep prices to differentiate themselves. Humans associate price with value. A $3,000 handbag might not cost significantly more to produce than a $300 alternative, but the higher price makes it prestigious and desirable. Expensive products create barriers, ensuring only a select audience can access them. This exclusivity enhances appeal and reinforces the brand's elite positioning. Additionally, high pricing taps into psychological ownership. When buyers invest a significant amount, they justify the cost through emotional attachment, reinforcing brand loyalty. The product becomes more than a utility. It represents identity, success, and taste. Crafting desire through storytelling. Luxury brands are expert storytellers. Every product is positioned as a work of art, handcrafted with decades of expertise. Marketing campaigns emphasize heritage, artisanship, and innovation, even if the functional difference is negligible. A watch isn't just a tool to tell time. It's a testament to centuries of craftsmanship. A handbag isn't just a container for belongings. It's a symbol of culture, artistry, and status. By embedding meaning into their products, luxury brands justify premium prices and transform ordinary goods into emotional investments. The power of exclusive experiences. Luxury extends beyond products into experiences. VIP events, private previews, and personalized services deepen emotional attachment. Buyers feel part of an elite community, not just owners of a product. Experiences reinforce exclusivity. Attending a brand event or accessing private collections becomes part of the appeal. The product serves as a passport to status, elevating perceived value far beyond its material worth. Brands leverage this emotional connection to maintain loyalty and justify high prices, creating a cycle where consumers repeatedly invest in identity, not just utility. Artificial scarcity and waiting lists. Limited availability is a deliberate strategy. Some high demand items are produced in extremely small quantities, and waiting lists are common. This creates anticipation and dramatically heightens perceived value, making consumers feel they are part of an elite group. Scarcity ensures that the market remains selective, protecting the brand from overexposure. The fewer the items available, the more coveted they become. Waiting for an exclusive release transforms acquisition into an achievement, reinforcing the sense of privilege and status associated with ownership. In addition, limited releases often generate media buzz and social media discussions, further amplifying desire and making these products aspirational beyond the store itself. Psychological pricing tactics. Luxury brands employ sophisticated psychological pricing strategies. Odd pricing, tiered products, and subtle upselling influence perception. A $4,950 bag feels more attainable than a $5,000 bag, even though the difference is minimal. Playing directly into consumer psychology and decision-making biases. Multiple product tiers encourage consumers to upgrade by introducing ultra premium versions. Brands make standard items seem reasonable by comparison, increasing overall revenue while preserving exclusivity. Beyond pricing, limited time offers, special additions, and hidden service perks create a perception of added value, compelling buyers to act quickly and often spend more than initially planned. Limited functionality, maximum perception. Often luxury items provide little functional advantage over cheaper alternatives. A $3,000 tote may not outperform a $300 one in durability or design. The difference lies in perceived value, branding, and exclusivity. Consumers pay for identity, status, and recognition. High margins are maintained because production costs are frequently a fraction of the retail price. Yet, emotional and social value justify extreme markups, creating lifestyle and loyalty. Luxury brands don't just sell products, they sell lifestyles and identities. Personalized services, private clubs, and curated experiences foster deep customer loyalty. Owners become advocates sharing their experiences in social circles and online. The connection is emotional. Buyers aren't just investing in items, they're investing in a community, prestige, and recognition. This ensures long-term engagement and repeated purchases, reinforcing the brand's dominance and allowing prices to remain premium. Innovation while preserving prestige. Luxury brands innovate carefully. New designs, materials, or collaborations are limited in release, ensuring they maintain elite positioning. The focus isn't mass appeal, but sustaining brand prestige. Innovation also keeps the brand relevant. For example, integrating eco-friendly materials or digital personalization enhances desiraability without diluting exclusivity. By controlling innovation, luxury brands balance modern relevance with traditional prestige, ensuring that perception and scarcity continue to drive high pricing. The secret behind paying more for less. Luxury brands have mastered the art of making consumers pay far more than the intrinsic value of products. Through scarcity, branding, storytelling, psychological pricing, and exclusive experiences, they've created a world where perception outweighs functionality. Owning a luxury item is more than possession. It's a statement of status, identity, and access. By controlling supply, shaping perception, and fostering emotional connections, these brands ensure consumers pay more for less, yet perceive it as worth every penny. In the world of mass production, luxury thrives on rarity, desire, and prestige. It's a carefully engineered ecosystem where less is truly more and the product is just one piece of the value. The rest is perception, experience, and social currency. If you found this insight fascinating, make sure to comment your thoughts below and subscribe to stay updated with more stories revealing the hidden strategies of the world's most powerful brands.

- Why China Is Behind The Global Luxury Slowdown: Kind: captions Language: en China used to be the promised land for the $380 billion luxury goods business. Now it is the land of losses. Today, we're looking at why the luxury business became so dependent on China and why it's suffering now. I'm Robert Frank for inside Wealth and you know, luxury goods sales total about $380 billion a year. But last year they declined 2%. And the reason was China. Luxury lost 50 million consumers over the past few years. And that is all because they bet so big on China. But after Covid, the young Chinese stopped buying. You had an economic crisis there and more importantly, a psychological crisis among young, wealthy consumers. Youth unemployment soared to over 20%. And rather than buying stuff and status, young people wanted experiences and memories. So the whole market shifted. But there's another secret reason for why luxury is suffering in China, and that is the rise of local brands. From watches to jewelry to fashion, even supercars. China is now making its own luxury products. And because there's a new kind of nationalism in China that values Chinese brands, luxury companies are now winning over the European brands. So I want to tell you about a watch company in China called Atelier Yuen. This is by two French people that live in China, have worked in China for years. They just launched a new watch that is titanium, that's got a double sapphire crystal that is a gorgeous purple color that costs $3,500. It's taking the country by storm. A watch like that from Switzerland would cost ten times as much. And by the way, China brands are doing the same thing with supercars, with other luxury goods, and this is a big threat to the European companies. The stocks of the big luxury giants like LVMH, Richemont, caring. They all fell over 20% last year because they built so many stores in China. They were betting their future in China. And by the way, ten years ago, China accounted for half of all luxury sales in the world. They expected that would grow instead. Now China accounts for only 12% of luxury goods sales. There are two kinds of companies that are doing okay in China. The first is the very high end companies Hermes, Cucinelli, Loro Piana. Those companies sell quiet luxury and the really rich in China are still buying. The other companies that are doing well are those that market in a local language, in products that are geared toward a Chinese customer and that actually feel more like China brands, even though they may be Chanel, Dior or European brands, they feel, at least to China, luxury consumers, more like local companies.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jimmyyoh8144 [2 likes]: Chinese are still buying HIGH QUALITY brands made in China, not the OVER PRICED European medium quality goods. Chinese are getting smarter.
  2. @switchbladeromance1466 [1 likes]: We bought a car made from noodles 😂
  3. @switchbladeromance1466 [1 likes]: Super fakes 😂😂😂
  4. @bearingcee [1 likes]: LIES! China makes almost every luxury brand sold in the west. This video is absolutely wrong. China isn't producing knock off products, they are producing the real deal for the actual company, companies like Louis Vutton. Are there knock offs coming out of china? Absolutely!
  5. @tamlamoore7962 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤💚💚💚💚💚💚
  6. @xXx....... [1 likes]: Luxury brands is the biggest scam ever.
  7. @daniel070487 [1 likes]: that's what you get when designer don't produce in Italy anymore and do it in china. just look at the quality drop on the Balenciaga Triple S after they moved production.
  8. @ΧΝΧΝ: China should put tariffs on western cars
  9. @szesze-bw8fz: NO!  Chinese craves foreign imports, the more expensive the better!  They just don't have the means at this moment. 😢
  10. @SuccessMindset2180: Well, because they want to sell more of their cheap crap
  11. @TahaRao-g8z: China company global koyla
  12. @LaurenArline: There is no competition in the fashion industry. These imitations have reached a whole new level  :yt: amzrepe :yt:.
  13. @yanpinghuang3963: I don’t understand why you are blaming China when your clearly repeating that “ Rather then buying stuff and luxury young people want to go to exploring”why would we buy luxury stuff when we have high quality stuff? Thanks to China, we know how to ACTUALLY buy things that are GOOD USE
  14. @yubstep: Chinese found out European product were made in china. Lol this is why they stopped by their own products with European names
  15. @islandpersuasion4690: Yt people must hate someone or something. It’s like they HAVE to punch down on someone. Can’t just co exist.
  16. @AAAAAA-tj1nq: People who spend more than £100 on a bag is scam
  17. @BarbaraWeldon-q6t: I believe that no one would take the bag I bought from :yt: amzrepe :yt: to a professional organization for appraisal without my consent. Usually, on the street, only professionals can tell the difference between the bag and the authentic one (I don't understand it). So sometimes buying replicas is not a bad thing, the key is that the quality of the replicas is good enough.
  18. @ChibiSteak: 3:42 fin
  19. @lordpis6479: coz they imitate everything
  20. @seafortress7541: China-made products played a significant role in the decline of Nokia and other signature brands. A key strategy of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has been to control and eventually dominate the global market. One of their primary tactics is to mass-produce goods and flood international markets with low-cost products — a strategy made possible by their abundant and inexpensive labor force.
As these products saturate the market, established brands struggle to remain competitive. Their offerings often come at a higher price point, while Chinese alternatives provide similar — or even more — features at a fraction of the cost.
Moreover, Chinese manufacturers are quick to load their devices with a variety of features to attract consumers. By the time a well-known brand is ready to release its next model with updated capabilities, it has often already been outpaced by Chinese brands that offer more for less.
This overwhelming influx of cheap, feature-rich products creates an uneven playing field, especially for countries and companies that lack the capacity for mass production on the same scale. It raises serious questions about fair competition and long-term sustainability in global markets.
This unfair trade also KILLS LOCAL MANUFACTURERS and LOCAL PRODUCTS.

- Luxury Shopping Isn’t Luxury Anymore - My Solution to Prevent Bad Experiences at Luxury Boutiques: Kind: captions Language: en have you guys realized how exhausting and difficult and stressful it has become to shop in luxury shops you go to Louis Vuitton there's a queue outside you gotta wait 40 minutes to an hour before you even allowed to enter sales associates ignore you they're gonna kind of jump over you to serve another customer that looks like they got more money um it's become you can't just enjoy like you want to treat yourself for one thing it doesn't have to be a big thing maybe a cute little something little you're out on the town and you want to enjoy a shopping experience in a luxury store and then you enter and once the sales associate realizes you're not a big spender they ignore you they treat you poorly you're at home you try to do customer service like you call the brand to ask like hey do you have this product in store they don't know if they have the stock many a time they're gonna answer no even though they have it or they're going to tell you we have it but we don't ship outside of the store because we don't know you you haven't shopped with us yet returns are becoming harder and harder to do you buy a product you go back to return it for whatever flaw that the product had the sales associates make you feel guilty they like treat you like you're an idiot you know you come to the store and then they're like with a flawed piece and they're like Madame or Monsieur of course this cannot be perfect this is a luxury item this is hand crafted a lot of steps are made also by hand it cannot be perfect no two pieces are like I'm like listen uh you've been serving me that crap on a silver platter turns out the silver isn't real silver but the crap is real no I ain't having it Nomo so how many of you have been experiencing this more and more and more often because I have and a lot of you have been writing me in the comments underneath my videos saying Jacob you know it's like become so difficult for me to shop because of the cues and then you don't know anybody working there nobody gives you the attention that you everything has become like a quick Supermarket everybody's very dismissive of you everybody just wants to quickly sell and go get out of here I got another client I Gotta Serve it's like where's the luxury gone in luxury shopping for the most part it's gone you guys uh there is no more beautiful luxury shopping in luxury today what is considered luxury today by the standards of the brands being so popular it's not real luxury you guys not anymore but it's not all Grim I do have one solution to offer you in this video uh it does take time but then again luxury does take time all good things take a little bit of time and this is a solution that I have for shopping in these luxury boutiques and shops and this is how I personally deal with it I'm going to share it with you but first subscribe to my channel if you haven't already push the join button next to the subscription button become a member today and access to extra perks you can also join me on patreon super decoupal spell together there as well for extra perks I live stream every Saturday and midweek and you're all invited to join me in the live chats I got my coach tutors here with me right now and um let me share with you this uh thing that I do Thomas says yes it's awful it's not snobby associate says tell Mom right April it's not luxury anymore it's become like McDonald's Mech luxury that's a good one April Monarch says yes Jacob the luxury is truly gone it's sad yeah it is yeah yeah let me share with you my tip and this takes a little bit of time because you have to uh acknowledge the the time you need to actually find a sales associate you like now I've been shopping in the luxury Sphere for many many years so I've built up relationships with certain you know sales associates and stuff like that but it's not immediate it's like looking for the right shrink you know the right psychologist to go to the right psychoanalyst like it has to be a good match not every shrink is good for you and you're not good for every shrink it has to be a match and I can tell you this sales associates are not shrinks but there has to be a Vibe and sometimes it takes several months sometimes even years to find somebody who you click with once you have and I have not for every shop I shop in but for most took me a while but I went through the hassle I went through the trenches waiting in line entering being mistreated not liking you know trying while you're in the boutique also to tell the sales associate hey sorry this is not not working for me like speed dating yes I did that as well oh my God so this is a little cute quick story time before we get to the solution I did in one of these boutiques ones the sales associate they weren't a bad person it just they were dismissive in a in a French way okay but not like eh who are you but just rather like I'm busy what do you need you know and I'm like oh okay you're not giving me the time to think so I said um you know I said to them hey you know I'm sure you're a great person gay I gave the breakup talk to a sales associate I did I gave the breakup talk to a sales associate once and I said to them I'm sure you're a great person and I'm sure you're lovely but this is just not I like I respect you like I gotta like you're fine like but like I need like I need to I need to find a better fit they looked at me like I was crazy for a minute like for a second they were like but then the funniest thing happened they got that little smirk on their face maybe because they're French and they get it I don't know and they made a little smirk they're like oh I totally get it I'm like listen and nothing against you it's all great it's just that like I think we have a different vibe at the moment you know I'm a little bit more in my feeling my oats let me see the surroundings and you're more in your let me finish my day of work and I got to go home and I'm like we're just not on the same page and it's okay I have nothing against you but if this is just not working for me and they kind of got it and I kid you not that honest interaction we had with each other because then when they kind of smiled and like we're totally like yeah okay it was a relief for them that I freed them you know that they could like kind of finish up their day and go whatever and it was a relief for me because then I could just like work with someone else and then I encountered somebody fabulous once I encountered somebody fabulous you get their number not to harass them in their free time be very very weary of people's time but you text them when you want to come to the boutique and this is the only way to do it nowadays because a lot of people are shopping for these products nowadays and these boutiques are overflooded with people shopping so it's really hard to get any sort of treatment other than being in a supermarket at this point but my solution to this is make an appointment with the person that you know and that you somehow like okay you gotta like him at least a little bit make the appointment write them and say hey I would really like to come by I want to look at a couple of things um you know I have in mind a couple of things I want to buy and uh you can also send a list like do you have these in stock and if they say yeah yeah we do then you're like okay well when are you working next I would come by when I have time when you have time and they tell you when you make an appointment that way you don't have to wait sometimes at all in line to enter the boutique or shop but sometimes you have to wait but shorter just a shorter while because if you arrive they already know this time slot that they've allocated you but they might be still finishing off the client that was there before you so you might have to still wait a little bit but this saves you the time of waiting in line right I've noticed so this is definitely I do not go to Chanel ever without making an appointment first with my sales associate same with Louie if I happen to have to be you know to go to Louis by accident without having the time to make an appointment then I always have to stand in line so I don't I don't I don't do it contact myself associate and say hey when are you working next these are the pieces I'm interested in then my sister's associate answers and says okay this we have we don't have or we don't have any of these but I could order one if you want uh and then we kind of just debate when is the best time to come and not and then bam we make an appointment and that's done it saves you so much hassle and stress and time but you need to make those appointments with the sales associate not with the company because yes you can also call Chanel customer service and say I would like to come to the boutique and I make an appointment they will make an appointment for you but it's you're going to get a random sales associate if you don't know anybody and then good luck you might get our a good one for you a good match or not a good match but to have a better experience I'm telling you just be honest don't be rude don't pull a Karen on anybody but be honest you'd be surprised sometimes yes they will get maybe offended but sometimes they will be really like cool with it like you tell them hey I think you're an awesome person but I just don't think it's like working for me you know you pull that whole Vanessa Hudgens uh going to Coachella even though like there's a pandemic happening type of thing there you go power says my current sales associate stole me from another and I like her better and I'm telling you sometimes it's just about The Vibes just about the vibe um honestly just about the vibe crybabyuzagi says I started to shop at Hermes and went to pick up an online order in store and didn't Vibe with the advisor I went back again to get shoes and I got her again hopefully next time I get someone new yeah try to get or just tell them hey honey you're awesome and we're just not like vibing exactly Zayn you just tell them it's not you it's me and remember you guys I told you I I use this strategy as well when I have to return a flawed good last time it happened to me was for the trifecta the Louis Vuitton kirigami pouches in monogram bought them they packed them up came back home did the unboxing as I was opening you remember that video is still online on my channel you can check it out I'm looking at the kirigami and I noticed that the biggest kirigami when they finished the Stitch at the bottom corner of the bag they you know they cut it and then they kind of melted a little bit just so that it doesn't thread out but whoever did it kind of pinched it too strong melted through the canvas cha it was really ratchet and I showed you close-up pictures of it like I have a whole video on that go check it out and then I go back the next day to the boutique and I already know that they're going into the shop and I know that Louis Vuitton is going to tell me oh but you know we do by hand certain steps and it's normal I'm like and of course they tried to tell me that and then I said to them I said literally this like oh it's me it's it's not you it's me I said to them and I and I explained this to you in that video I explained to you how I did it and I said no I know I know they're made by hand parts of the product is made by hand and I know you put a lot of love and effort in I know that each piece is unique it's amazing I love that for you that's awesome but I'm just so so sorry I am just so OCD about these things you see I'm the problem I I'm just you know once I see this little tiny Dot I cannot unsee it and and my OCD will drive me nuts because of this so I'm really really sorry I apologize that I have to do this but I I cannot not do this and then they they zip it because they're like okay he's crazy okay fine I'll get you a new one and then they bring in you want to inspect it and I'm like okay this is like we'll go we'll go and Bam and that's how I do it so when I return a faulty item that's their fault faulty not due to mishandling on my end but when it's a factory a thick Tre flaw I pulled that stick on them like I'm so sorry it's me it's not about you like I'm very OCD about these things I know it's so annoying probably you get like customers like me all the time but like seriously I'm really really sorry and I become the one saying I'm sorry for their flaws psychology baby play the game play the game and win the game bottom line I hope you've enjoyed this video let me know your thoughts in the comment section down below love you loads and until next time Sabi scriby thumbia be see you soon bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @kaunas88 [3 likes]: This will go on as long as the customers continue to reward such treatment...and they really are rewarding this abuse.  It is almost as if they thrive off of it.
  2. @kaunas88 [2 likes]: In 2007 in Paris I easily walked into a LV shop.  The place was not particularly full and I had no trouble going right up to talk to one of the sellers who was quite friendly with me.  I noted at the time how the sellers were a cut above the ones in an average store being very friendly and speaking English.  It appears that those times are over.
  3. @karltheunipug2199 [1 likes]: honestly i get you. i went into this jewelry store with my brother to buy a piece of jewelry for a really good friend of mine. and they legit wouldn't let us into the store and wouldn't give us a reason why. it came to a point where I had to show a very expensive piece of jewelry FROM THAT SAME BRAND that my mom gave to me to even be LET IN TO THE STORE. its come to a point where if you're not dripped in belenciga, chanel or any other expensive designer brand they think you have no money so you are not worth serving. i really don't understand it because those SA's are no different to someone who works in a deparenment store. like honey ur job is to sell me a product whether I look like I have the money or not, not to decide whether I can go into the store to buy something.
  4. @manniqa [1 likes]: Goyard in San Fran still feel luxury shopping and even if you don’t purchase or if you return- still get a great luxury shopping experience.
  5. @jeslinetay1440 [1 likes]: Yes, I totally agree.  I went to LV with a friend and the SA refused to serve her because she dress very causal and they just ignore her but turn the eyes on me with a smile.  I was so upset.  I immediately told the SA that my friend wanted to buy a wallet and but they still showed the look that she cant afford.  After one look at the wallet, my friend just said "I get that".  then the SA showed with a smile.  OMG! what is luxury shopping experience? whats wrong with these SAs?  sad
  6. @windyellard2380 [1 likes]: I agree. I have also been buying online when I know exact item with color/size I want because it is easier. I had a bad experience while traveling last summer in LV but just back from Vancouver BC and went in Gucci, Dior, Prada and LV and met some the best SAs who went out of their to help, talk, share info on their city. The LV store was under construction and they occupied just a tiny area for now but they were the nicest, happiest bunch! I bought in LV for me and Prada for my daughter's bday. The experience made me believe in lux shopping in store again!
  7. @reutgadmish1835 [1 likes]: I had one bad experience at Hermes, when I tried on the Kelly belt it didn't fit, it was too small so the SA said "well, something to work towards" and he was so condescending I gave a look of "how rude!!"
I got a very nice SA at LV last week for my first purchase, hopefully it will stay that way
  8. @mfm4582: The brand experience and items themselves have lost their joy factor. Luxury is boring and overexposed. I am so happy that I collected my lifelong items years ago. I would not put myself through this under any circumstances. Luxury shopping is like domestic airline travel in the US. It used to be an elegant experience-no more.
  9. @RobertHanna-gq6gk: How long did take people work this iut lol
  10. @janabalkova1638: Hello Jacob. I totally agree that luxury customer service is disappearing. I am dedicated to training in luxcustomer services and the most interesting thing is that the majority of luxury stores believe that they have excellent service and nothing to improve. Your solution seems fine to me although as you said it is something long term that you can't do when you travel. Of course, the treatment is much better when you are a buyer and they know you, but there are many people who want a luxury product and are treated poorly because of their appearance or because they do not buy regularly.
  11. @luci1149: I went to LV to pick up an online order (I was afraid it wouldn't be available so I ordered online for in-store pick-up, the boutique was near my job, so wanted to go in and see the recent remodel/get in-store feeling (plus my mom once received an empty box from LV for a $900 wallet!)).  No line, but more packed than a Wal-Mart in there.  The SA tried to help a "richer-looking" lady before me.  The other customer was polite and said that I was there first.  I wasn't dressed up or with a nice bag because I was hitting a great farmers market in a sketchy neighborhood after, but I was still put-together-looking.  So the SA goes and gets my SLG and starts checking me out on the computer.  Didn't show it to me, let me look to even make sure it was the right item!?  I took it out myself to inspect...It was clearly a returned item.  It was a hard to get zippy card case I wanted years ago that never could get (even through SA's around the country I had a relationship with, really hard to get), and now I learned about it available in a color that was perfect...btw also have a spend history of years and expensive items.  The card slots were all stretched out!  I won't be returning.  There's a more chill boutique a bit farther away but with the more personal service and not packed with looky-loos (store I mentioned this happened in was like that too just a few years ago).  Similar experiences in other places (Bergdorf, Goyard Boutique??!)  Great advice about sticking to one SA you vibe with.  Love your content!
  12. @GraceChen838: oh wow, I had no idea this is how you should shop in Chanel. no wonder I never got served.....
  13. @candybarbary7902: I just shopped at the large LV boutique inside the Crystals in Vegas, and I had a wonderful experience.  All of the SA’s were friendly and when I told the attending SA that it was my first boutique visit, he went out of his way to make it memorable and I only purchased a wallet.  I was wearing jeans, Gucci slides, a t-shirt and a vintage Epi Speedy.  I usually only shop pre-loved, but I may do this again.
  14. @teresuso: Was in Geneve few days ago...no line anywhere! I will go again for sure❤
  15. @kurisuchan07: Ohhhhhhh i LOVE This topic!!! This is what I’ve been talking about lately and I agree with all your points.
  16. @katygirl9221: The sales associates don't make much money so why?
  17. @katygirl9221: I have experienced this in Texas. Abused by the sales associates!
  18. @halleyangel1706: I'm just putting this out here.

Almost all Luxury Brands are all owned by the company that owns Louis Vuitton. 

So if you're wondering where quality control and etc has gone down the hill so bad.

That's why. Their all becoming like Louis Vuitton. (Which I've personally always found cheap lookingnand ugly)
  19. @DaniOchannel: Luckily my LV SAs have always been nice😅 
Chanel SAs definitely give a less friendly vibe. But I do feel they have a slightly tougher job with their price points. I think customers just expect more😅
  20. @hikki6089: In the past 20+ years I’ve worked with a few very sweet and friendly SAs at different boutiques (Chanel, BV, Celine). I especially loved the two Japanese older SAs at my local Chanel back in the 2000s. Eventually they both retired and with the insane price increases and bad qualities I rarely bought any more Chanel item. I also lost my interest in BV and Celine shortly after my SAs left. Then with online shopping being so easy these days I buy online most of the time if I can. So these days I don’t really have any relationship with SA per se except with one NM SA for fine jewelry. Nowadays I feel that I only get good customer service at the high end department stores like NM. I do get more interested in Hermes in the last couple of years, but SAs in my local store are soooo distant and just overall unwilling to help. I’m so discouraged so again, if I can I much prefer just buy what I can on their website.

- Unforgettable Luxury Shopping Experience| Chanel told me off Hermes Louis Vuitton store shopping: Kind: captions Language: en the other day my husband and i were talking&nbsp; about how much i used to shop and how we used to&nbsp;&nbsp; frequent luxury stores like louis vuitton chanel&nbsp; cartier hermes and you name it every time we&nbsp;&nbsp; have this conversation i'm always reminded of the&nbsp; many interesting encounters i had at these places&nbsp;&nbsp; so i thought i'll share them with you guys just&nbsp; for a bit of fun the first interesting shopping&nbsp;&nbsp; experience i want to share with you today happened&nbsp; in the louis vuitton store so this was about&nbsp;&nbsp; five years ago i went to louis vuitton because&nbsp; i wanted to check out the louis vuitton alma bb&nbsp;&nbsp; in epi leather and on that day i was wearing&nbsp; my chanel classic double flap in black caviar&nbsp;&nbsp; leather and with gold hardware this is in the size&nbsp; small so the sale associate kindly got out several&nbsp;&nbsp; alma bbs for me to try on so i left my chanel bag&nbsp; on the side on top of the glass display counter&nbsp;&nbsp; but i made sure it was within my side then a&nbsp; lady a customer in the store came to the counter&nbsp;&nbsp; at first she was looking at the louis vuitton key&nbsp; rings and small SLGs so i didn't think much of it&nbsp;&nbsp; but at one point she picked up my bag to have a&nbsp; good look at it i was quite shocked and it took&nbsp;&nbsp; me a few seconds to process what was going on&nbsp; before i managed to say anything this lady asked&nbsp;&nbsp; the sale associate if she could try the back on&nbsp; it was a bit of an awkward situation for the sale&nbsp;&nbsp; associate but she handled it really well she said&nbsp; to the lady well this bag belongs to this madam&nbsp;&nbsp; but i know it's such a beautiful bag isn't it the&nbsp; lady looked a bit surprised but she immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; apologized to me bless her i think she genuinely&nbsp; thought my chanel bag was one of the display items&nbsp;&nbsp; because she did look quite inquisitive when she&nbsp; was checking my bag out it actually became quite&nbsp;&nbsp; a friendly encounter in the end because we started&nbsp; talking and she asked me where i got my bag from&nbsp;&nbsp; and i even told her to check out the chanel&nbsp; store which was only across the street&nbsp;&nbsp; from where we were the second luxury shopping&nbsp; experience i want to share with you today will&nbsp;&nbsp; always be unforgettable for me but not entirely&nbsp; in a good way because i literally got shouted at&nbsp;&nbsp; by a sale associate in the chanel store in harrods&nbsp; which is a big luxury department store in london&nbsp;&nbsp; so you know in chanel you will see these glass&nbsp; display counters where they showcase their costume&nbsp;&nbsp; jewelry and small leather goods behind them you'll&nbsp; find shelves where they display their chanel bags&nbsp;&nbsp; i've been to several chanel stores in different&nbsp; countries and this seems like the standard setup&nbsp;&nbsp; for a chanel store in my local chanel store the&nbsp; sale associates usually stand behind the main&nbsp;&nbsp; glass counter and this is where they take payment&nbsp; most of the time there's always someone there so&nbsp;&nbsp; it's very clear that customers shouldn't go beyond&nbsp; that point because it's strictly for the staff&nbsp;&nbsp; however with all the other counters customers can&nbsp; usually go beyond the counters to have a good look&nbsp;&nbsp; at the chanel bags especially if there's no one&nbsp; there anyway there i was in the chanel store in&nbsp;&nbsp; harrods and i saw this bag i believe it was the&nbsp; chanel mini reissue flap which was a limited&nbsp;&nbsp; edition i got really excited and i went past&nbsp; the glass counter to take a good look at the bag&nbsp;&nbsp; then out of nowhere a sale associate&nbsp; approached me and really raised his&nbsp;&nbsp; voice at me he said something along the line can&nbsp; you not see this line do not go past this line&nbsp;&nbsp; i actually have quite a blurred memory of what&nbsp; he said exactly but it wasn't friendly i was&nbsp;&nbsp; quite taken aback to say the least because he was&nbsp; really abrupt before i came around from my shock&nbsp;&nbsp; he was already making his way to the stock room&nbsp; so there i was standing there holding this chanel&nbsp;&nbsp; mini reissue flap and feeling really confused&nbsp; about the whole situation i guess it's not&nbsp;&nbsp; surprising to say i was no longer in the mood to&nbsp; make any purchase that day and i left the chanel&nbsp;&nbsp; store quite promptly even now i'm still not sure&nbsp; why he got so upset with me especially because the&nbsp;&nbsp; store wasn't busy at that point it was just me and&nbsp; another customer who was trying on some shoes i&nbsp;&nbsp; mean i can understand if the store was packed with&nbsp; people and they had to manage the traffic wisely&nbsp;&nbsp; i prefer to think he was just having a bad day&nbsp; and i happened to be in the wrong place at the&nbsp;&nbsp; wrong time please let me know if you think i was&nbsp; being ignorant maybe i should have contained my&nbsp;&nbsp; excitement and asked for help instead either way&nbsp; i think sometimes a gentle reminder is all we need&nbsp;&nbsp; let me know if you have any interesting&nbsp; or unforgettable shopping experience&nbsp;&nbsp; in any luxury stores i actually can't wait to see&nbsp; the comments and messages for this video my next&nbsp;&nbsp; interesting luxury shopping experience happened&nbsp; at hermes or rather just outside the hermes store&nbsp;&nbsp; so a few years ago i purchased these hermes&nbsp; kelly sellier 25 in the color gold and with gold&nbsp;&nbsp; hardware i didn't really expect this bag offer&nbsp; to come my way because i didn't have any purchase&nbsp;&nbsp; history at hermes that year and seeing i hadn't&nbsp; actually seen a kelly 25 in person before that&nbsp;&nbsp; i really took my time to try on the bag in the&nbsp; store i know in certain hermes stores they have&nbsp;&nbsp; a decimated room for this purpose just so they&nbsp; can be a bit more discreet when showing certain&nbsp;&nbsp; handbags to their customers especially the hermes&nbsp; birkin kelly and constance bags from my experience&nbsp;&nbsp; whenever they take out a very popular bag it tends&nbsp; to generate a lot of interest and questions from&nbsp;&nbsp; other customers in my local hermes store there's&nbsp; no such room and they usually just show you the&nbsp;&nbsp; bag in the open and like i said before i was in&nbsp; the store for a while and i really took my time&nbsp;&nbsp; to choose the perfect twilly for my kelly bag so&nbsp; all was well and good but when i left the store&nbsp;&nbsp; a lady approached me and she asked if she could&nbsp; buy my kelly back from me and she was happy to pay&nbsp;&nbsp; more for it i took a few seconds to compose myself&nbsp; but i politely said no now i'm not sure if she was&nbsp;&nbsp; just interested in the bag herself or she might be&nbsp; a reseller or a personal shopper but i don't think&nbsp;&nbsp; she had any bad intentions that said i still find&nbsp; the whole experience a bit frightening because&nbsp;&nbsp; it just shows that someone had been watching&nbsp; me from afar and i wasn't even aware of it&nbsp;&nbsp; fortunately that lady was harmless because i&nbsp; can't imagine what would have happened otherwise&nbsp;&nbsp; whether we like it or not wearing luxury pieces&nbsp; or designer items can sometimes put us at risk&nbsp;&nbsp; so it's really important to be aware of our&nbsp; surroundings at all times another very interesting&nbsp;&nbsp; luxury shopping experience i had was in rolex so&nbsp; my husband was looking at watches and chatting&nbsp;&nbsp; with the sale associate now i've never really been&nbsp; into watches that much so i didn't really find the&nbsp;&nbsp; conversation very exciting therefore i decided to&nbsp; entertain myself there was this bowl of chocolate&nbsp;&nbsp; right next to where i sat and i basically started&nbsp; snacking away i made sure to keep the wrapping in&nbsp;&nbsp; my pocket so i didn't make a mess little know&nbsp; though the manager had been observing me and&nbsp;&nbsp; when we were about to leave she came to me and&nbsp; gave me a dust bag it was like the travel bag for&nbsp;&nbsp; watches i was a bit puzzled and when i opened&nbsp; the bag there was a lot of chocolate in there&nbsp;&nbsp; i was quite embarrassed but she was so sweet&nbsp; she gave me a wink and said enjoy the chocolate&nbsp;&nbsp; mind you we didn't actually buy anything from&nbsp; rolex that day but i must say the customer service&nbsp;&nbsp; was impressive my next unforgettable encounter&nbsp; happened in show me a while ago i was looking&nbsp;&nbsp; to buy a diamond ring because i didn't have an&nbsp; engagement ring when i got married i did the&nbsp;&nbsp; video about this and if you're interested&nbsp; i'll link the video somewhere down below&nbsp;&nbsp; anyway i was at chaumet with my husband and i&nbsp; was just really drawn to the chaumet josephine&nbsp;&nbsp; ring the sale associate could tell as&nbsp; well because even though she got out&nbsp;&nbsp; quite a selection of rings for me to try i&nbsp; just kept reaching for the josephine ring&nbsp;&nbsp; i didn't purchase the ring then then because i&nbsp; thought maybe i should keep my options open and&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe i should look at other jewelry brands first&nbsp; so then i went to de beers van cleef cartier and&nbsp;&nbsp; tiffany and co but i just couldn't stop&nbsp; thinking about the chaumet josephine&nbsp;&nbsp; ring anyway i decided to go back to chaumet and&nbsp; the sale associate recognized me and she said&nbsp;&nbsp; what exactly is stopping you i think what you need&nbsp; here is champagne the next minute her colleague&nbsp;&nbsp; got out two small bottles of champagne i got&nbsp; a bit carried away and soon i was quite tipsy&nbsp;&nbsp; honestly i was so close to buying the ring&nbsp; especially because my husband was encouraging&nbsp;&nbsp; me as well looking back i'm really glad&nbsp; i didn't make any irrational decisions&nbsp;&nbsp; under the influence of alcohol because otherwise&nbsp; i would have been quite disappointed with myself&nbsp;&nbsp; i still don't have an engagement ring because&nbsp; i've decided it isn't something i would wear a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; so there's no reason to spend a fortune on&nbsp; something just for the sake of it i guess what&nbsp;&nbsp; i'm trying to say here is there's a reason they&nbsp; serve those delicious champagne so i think next&nbsp;&nbsp; time i would just go for tea or coffee my next&nbsp; interesting encounter took place in tiffany and co&nbsp;&nbsp; so one day my husband and i decided to drop&nbsp; by the store because i wanted to look at the&nbsp;&nbsp; tiffany T bracelet as soon as we walked in the&nbsp; store we were approached by this nice gentleman&nbsp;&nbsp; he shook our hands and said it's lovely to see&nbsp; you how have you been it's been such a long time&nbsp;&nbsp; now my first instinct was that he&nbsp; had mistaken us for someone else&nbsp;&nbsp; but i wasn't sure about what to say because he&nbsp; was so warm and welcoming my husband was quite&nbsp;&nbsp; confused as well but he just thought maybe i&nbsp; knew the sale associate so he just like me and&nbsp;&nbsp; started chatting the conversation wasn't about&nbsp; anything specific it was more like a chat about&nbsp;&nbsp; the weather the traffic and holidays later on&nbsp; we found out he was the manager for the store&nbsp;&nbsp; and let me tell you we had the best customer&nbsp; service that day we were served drinks and snacks&nbsp;&nbsp; and he just really took care of us to the point&nbsp; i almost felt guilty for not purchasing anything&nbsp;&nbsp; that day i think it just goes to show how&nbsp; important customer service really is till&nbsp;&nbsp; this day i'm still convinced he had mistaken us&nbsp; for someone else but it doesn't matter because&nbsp;&nbsp; we had a lovely time there that said few months&nbsp; later i did contact him when i wanted to buy a&nbsp;&nbsp; necklace for my sister-in-law and he kindly&nbsp; got everything sorted for me so those are&nbsp;&nbsp; some of my very unforgettable encounters at the&nbsp; luxury stores i think retail jobs can be very&nbsp;&nbsp; demanding in nature so i personally have a lot&nbsp; of respect for people who work in this industry&nbsp;&nbsp; if you have any interesting experience to share&nbsp; with us please do so so i guess that's it for me&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you so much for watching and i will&nbsp; see you in my next one have a nice day

  Top Comments:
  1. @AnnaCN78456 [15 likes]: I have a story for you. I live in Lisbon Portugal, I was never inside a luxury store but once I was at a famous square where there is a small Hermes store. I was passing by and looked into the window to see their stuff because Im curious lol. 
By my side were to very animated and very nice Brazilian ladies I guess they were “making time” waiting around since the Brazil embassy is nearby and many brazilians go there to take care of bureaucratic issues. So they were just standing there… 
In this moment an Hermes employee stormed out of the shop and told them (them not me) they could not stand around on public sidewalk in front of the store window 😂 because I quote “we are obliged to maintain a certain image of our store”.
I couldn’t believe the audacity! They were informal and underdressed I guess (they looked fine to me). 
I told him I would call the police on him lol since we are in a free democratic country and anyone can stand on public sidewalk… we were surprised, i felt offended for them but at the same it was so pathetic lol…. I felt a bit embarrassed to since these were Brazilian emigrants in my country being treated like this… thankfully the ladies laughed… and I said to them “you stand where ever you like this is public sidewalk paid and maintained with our taxes lol”
  2. @AdrienneMint [3 likes]: I loved your stories here! Wonderful video.
  3. @politesmile7812 [1 likes]: Lol, great stories 😁
  4. @heather2788-e3g [1 likes]: I couldn’t believe anyone would shout at you and I had to hear the story! I don’t understand that unprofessionalism.
  5. @yanu3778 [1 likes]: love your content...
  6. @socobbb [1 likes]: No, you were not ignorant, you simply had no Knowledge.  A good mannered and proficient sales associate would have greeted and offered help. Even, if he was helping another customer, then he should have proceeded to explain that an associate assistance was required past that point, and that he would happily come back in a moment. Sorry, but he was extremely rude and inappropriate. I would also not let that person ruinned my visit. He does not represent the store, and i would have let someone know. Thats why these people get away with things. Floor supervisors do never know about these incidents.
  7. @csong9940 [1 likes]: LOL I had almost the same experience in Bvlgari. I was in the Bvlgari boutique in Las Vegas and the sales associate was showing me some handbags and wallets. I had set down my Gucci bag on the counter to try on some of the Bvlgari bags. Another customer came by and started looking at my Gucci bag and went to pick it up but then she realized it was not a Bvlgari bag and immediately backed away. It was kind of funny.

My other story happened at Hermes. I had an appointment so I got into the "appointments only" line. This snooty French woman (I live in the US) who was dressed to the nines and carrying a Birkin, said to me that the line was behind her. I told her I was standing in the "appointments only" line and she was in the "walk in" line because I had an appointment. She looked stunned and just said, "Oh." I was let in first because I had an appointment. They allowed her in a few minutes later. I mentioned something to my SA about her and she made a face and said that all the employees in the shopping center were familiar with that customer and she apologized that I had to deal with her. It made me feel a lot better that they didn't like or condone her snobby behavior either.
  8. @SaraBiancaBentley [1 likes]: You are such a great storyteller! Each of these encounters was so interesting in its own way. Goodness, the one about the woman who approached you for your new Kelly was quite freaky, but you handled it so well! And the last with the Tiffany manager was quite charming… oh and the chocolates from Rolex! No wonder these all stand out to you. Thanks for sharing them!
  9. @lauralangham9657: I saw a video of someone stealing a Hermes bag from a dressing room.  The owner of the bag was being watched while she was shopping.
  10. @John-u5y: The ONLY thing that they have is pretentiousness; because "they" are MASS MARKET goods; just saying.🫢🫢🫢
  11. @capet5593: You  stay calm and firmly say ‘ are you usually so rude to customers? ‘ and whatever they say, you keep repeating it,over.  Hopefully it shocks from and if they continue their attitude,  offer to take their name of the supervisor, and ask them for their name.
  12. @pinkcharms: Wow, I never knew luxury store customer service can be this good. I’ve never had any service beyond getting items for me to look at at any luxury stores. Including Tiffany where I bought engagement ring, or LV, Rolex, Chanel etc. Maybe I just don’t look the part. And I almost always go to luxury stores with a purpose to buy something, never just to look or window shop.
  13. @ummlittlemuslim: The chocolate story is hilarious 🤣

About the engagement ring, I feel the same way, I regret getting one. Think I'll just be saving it for my children
  14. @raapyna8544: I needed to buy new glasses because my old ones had broken in half from falling on the ice. I put it off for maybe two years, wearing previous glasses until I no longer could excuse it. I made an eye appointment at the store but I had not planned time for shopping for the glasses that day. However the customer service told me, that the eye appointment was only free for customers, so I started looking at the frames anyway. I was not prepared so I didn't have a design in mind. I tried on a lot of glasses and took pictures to compare them. Finally I landed on frames that made my heart bubble. They were squere black and had little diamonds on the sides. They made my face look soft and kind but elevated it in a way where I wouldn't need eye make-up. I was pretty sure this was my frame, but I had been toying with the idea of round, rosegold or bronze glasses. I thought, maybe I needed to try new things sometimes. I also needed sunglasses and there was a frame and lense I really liked (it was a round Rayban with rose-coloured lenses). The store didn't have that exact colour lense for prescription lenses but a very similar one. These were all very fancy glasses and my prescription is pretty strong. With blue-light blocking and scratch protection, these all three pairs add up to a pretty hefty price. I had already asked the customer service person to let me sleep on the decision and she had agreed. Then as she was printing the notes, I quickly changed my mind and decided to buy them anyway. I paid one third upfront and waited on the order. 

I almost immeaditely regretted buying the round ones, before they even arrived. A girl I used to like had complimented them while I was taking pictures and that had impacted my decision. I was also already very overwhelmed with trying on so many glasses in a bright and noisy mall. The customer service person explaining to me about leasing etc, and I couldn't concentrate on a thing she said anymore. I felt a bit weak that I had given in on the temptation, although the other two pairs were so clear loves, and the third was not. I considered cancelling the order but didn't.

Well, it took a while but finally they were all finished and shipped (this was during the pandemic so there had been some shortages). I arrived at the store with my mother to pick them up. The lady who fitted them on my face was so nice and complimented me on my choises, that I had chosen a good variety of styles and they all suited me well. She made me feel like I was buying beutiful jewelry. 

I wore the round frames for a couple months, but I didn't end up using them much after that. However, I don't regret buying them so much anymore. Now if I break my glasses again, I know I don't have to go back to wearing those very old glasses that I'm legally blind in.
  15. @hairbysaskia: That second experience happened to my husband and I at a Louis Vuitton boutique. My husband went behind the glass display, not knowing, he wasn’t allowed .. also to point out a handbag. The lady was a bit kinder but then afterwards we had some SA follow us throughout the whole store.
  16. @tigermama7439: really love your authentic sharing!
  17. @AshleySpeaks09: Snooty sales people and bad customer service is why the secondhand market is booming. I love that I rarely have to interact w these ppl. Most hate their jobs even the high end ones. Retail sucks, I know I put 10 years in. Still no excuse esp for those prices.
  18. @chloenghk: I think asia stores have better service . U will be given drinks when u shop . Not sure your area
  19. @HelloLuxe: Chanel customer services really needs to step up their game. I just posted a video about the experience I had and how my SA was very rude and unprofessional - this is really not how it should be when we’re spending our money. Tfs!!
  20. @Lucy-rz3nv: I think all the luxury shop have a good SA and bad SA. If you feel uncomfortable do noy buy from them and change the other SA. I have a good experience in Prada and YSL. My existing SA of Chanel is OK. Remember you just buy from the person you feel comfortable.

- Luxury Shopping is OUT OF CONTROL.. Let's Unpack The 'Hermes Game': Kind: captions Language: en The Hermes game is literally so embarrassing. >> This is a Birkin 35 and I think that I'm going to sell her. >> over $25,000 trying to play this Hermes game to get a Birkin or a Kelly. I've not been offered one yet. >> a Birkin from Hermes today? No, I didn't. Oh, why is that? Same story as always. They don't have any bags. Wish they told me. There's a store where the most coveted items aren't displayed, prices aren't advertised, and the only way to buy is to be chosen. This is the world of Hermes. You don't just walk in and buy a bag like it's a latte. You enter a game, a game with no written rules and absolutely no guarantees. The Birkin and Kelly are earned through a ritual of relationship, strategy, and patience. Today we're unpacking and deep diving into the mysterious Hermes bag game. Hi babes, my name's Tarja, mother of twins, lover of luxe things, and your guide for showing up with style and intention. With the end of the year approaching, I have been seeing loads of videos about luxury purchase regrets, in particular regrets over buying Hermes bags, and I thought it would be interesting for us to discuss all of the background behind how you actually get your hands on an Hermes bag and the Hermes game and all that it entails. First though, I want you to show my hand. And so [clears throat] my hand is that I actually want an Hermes bag. I don't own one. However, I have two on my wish list, right? I have a Birkin 25, yes, unpredictable, and a mini Kelly, preferably in a really summery color. So, I'm not coming from the perspective of somebody who doesn't really understand luxury shopping or doesn't really do luxury shopping. I love shopping, I love fashion, and one of my most favorite things to do is buy expensive stuff, guys. It's It's something that I like to do, okay? So, I wouldn't say I'm a part of the Hermes online community, but I have for years followed the conversations around Hermes shopping and what it takes to get a Birkin, Kelly, and even a Constance sometimes. I also was not born rich. I am very financially literate and I'm not crazy. However, I do still want one. So, now you know where I'm coming from, let's start with defining what the actual Hermes game is, right? So, when people discuss the Hermes game, what they are referring to is the most common approach that is taken to buying some of Hermes' most notable bags. Hermes is most famous for two main bag styles. One, the Birkin, which was created by Jane Birkin, and the Kelly that was designed by Robert Dumas in the 1930s. On the face of it, they are both more classic styled, more simple styled bags. Depending on who you ask, the style has been described as boring, but for other people, the styles are classic. However, these bags are not made available for everyone to buy. So, for example, if you were somebody who was feeling a bit hungry, you wanted to buy some bread, you go to your local supermarket, you pick up the bread, you buy the bread, you take it home, you eat it, right? If you decide you want an Hermes Birkin or Kelly, there is not usually an option where you can walk into an Hermes store, ask for one, and get given one, and go home, and wear the bag. It's generally not how it works. >> Let's see what happens when we go into Hermes and ask for a Birkin bag. Is it possible to buy a Birkin here today? Excuse me. Is it possible to buy a Birkin bag? Birkin? Yes. I've come to Paris for the day and I was wondering, I'd really love to buy a Birkin. What? So, I would really like to buy a Birkin today. >> sorry, but really today is not possible to buy. Hermes don't have tons of stores, so there are a number of stores that usually have an allocation of bags, and the game involves you being offered the bag. So, in theory, you walk into a store, you in some way let the sales assistant know that you are interested in buying a Birkin or a Kelly, and hope, cross your fingers, that at some point they might call you to a more private room and present you with a box that they open, and you hope that is the bag that you want, in the color that you want, in the size that you want. And so, you'll find all over the internet, in forums, customers explaining or describing how they were able to get their Birkin or their Kelly. And what has been established over time is that in most cases, customers were offered their Birkin or their Kelly out of one of two things, sometimes both. One is building a relationship with an SA. So, that requires you go into a store, you meet the sales assistant, and you build a relationship with them. The building of the relationship usually involves spending money, right? I have not yet heard of a case where somebody, you know, just passes through Hermes every other day to speak to their favorite SA, don't buy anything, and leave. This building of the relationship usually involves the spending of some money, okay? And in most cases, people tend to be buying things that they might like, sometimes they don't need, sometimes they may focus on buying more entry-level products, so buying pillows, buying covers, buying belts, buying shoes, right? Buying smaller, more affordable items, with the ultimate goal being to demonstrate to Hermes that they are a genuine customer with a genuine interest in the brand. >> I've spent over $25,000 trying to play this Hermes game to get a Birkin or a Kelly. I've not been offered one yet, but a lot of people want to know, what have I spent my money on this far? First thing I bought um two pair of white gold Oran sandals, a pair of white Oran sandals, a pair of white I think it's like the the Sherlin Oran sandals. I've also bought a pair of men's Ismir sandals, Chypre sandals, two blankets, one pillow, a pair of the boots, I literally love the freaking boots so much, the Evelyn bag, and the Getta bag, two card holders, and then I also purchased like a necklace. I think that's about it, you guys. But Okay, so it's this part of the game that usually gets scoffed at, right? And in some cases, belly laughed at. >> Excuse me. Don't touch me. Oh my god, Brandon, again? It's so So good to see you. It is so good to see you. >> So good to be back. >> Yeah, yeah. Get the Birkins, get the Kellys, get everything. Just like I thought. >> [laughter] >> How can I help you today, Brandon? Well, I was here to just look around, maybe browse a little. Oh, okay. Well, I guess my wife, she want she needs a new [music] bag. >> Let me show you what she needs right here. Look at this beautiful Birkin, gold hardware, beautiful color. >> Like the color is not really what I was looking to get to. Um Kind of sounded like I had a ungrateful buyer, Brandon. Let me remind you, okay? I will shut you out. Fine. I'll take it. >> The idea that somebody has to go into a store and spend lots of money before they get offered a bag that may not even be the bag that they want, right? So, for example, I want a Birkin 25. I think I want it in a granite grayish color, but if I were to be playing the game, I might buy a few things, buy perfumes, buy belts, you know, do the whole dance, build a relationship with the SA. I know their name, I have their number. In some cases, I've seen people even message their SAs on occasions like Christmas or New Year's, you know, doing all that kind of thing, right? So, I would do that, but then I'd get called to a room, and they'd open a box that might have a Birkin 25 in pink, okay? And then the question is, do I want to buy this 10,000 pound bag, depending on where you're buying from, right? This 10,000 pound bag in a color that I don't even want, right? That's usually the part of the game that is generally perceived to be the most ridiculous. So, these are some bags that my SA showed me and that I nicely refused. So, the first one is a Birkin 30. Um I asked for a Birkin 30 or a Birkin 25, but I was looking for neutral colors for a Birkin 30. And this one I refused cuz it was simply not the leather that I wanted and not the color that I wanted. >> However, this is a game that many people are quite dedicated to and take very seriously. I'd say that playing this game is the most common approach to getting your hands on a Birkin or a Kelly, unless you are a VVIP, maybe you're some kind of celebrity, somebody who maybe spends loads and loads and loads and loads and loads of money with Hermes, or if you just resign yourself to buying second hand, okay? And if you guys know anything about Hermes bags sold second hand, you'll know that sometimes these bags are costing double, sometimes triple the amount that they are sold for at retail on the resale market, right? So, for somebody like me who's based in Europe, I can go to Paris, I might be able to pick up a Birkin 25 for around 9,000 euros, depending on the year, they keep hiking their prices, you know, so I'd probably spend double that, 20,000, 30,000, trying to pick up the bag resale. So, for some people, the rationale is, I can go and buy this Birkin 25 that I really like, in the color that I want, in the style that I want, sometimes unworn or very, very gently used, and just spend double. I haven't mentioned yet, but the price of these bags are astronomical, okay? They're not cheap bags, right? So, you could say to yourself, you know what, I can't wait, I don't want to play this game, I'm just going to go and buy the bag second hand, or there are other people who are like, well, if I'm going to spend double anyway buying the bag second hand, why don't I try to play this game and maybe even spend less money? I've seen some people spend around maybe 1,000 pounds, 2, 3,000 pounds in a store, maybe even sometimes make one purchase in a store, and then the next time they go in, they're offered a Birkin, right? So, it's all a bit of this game where for those who have an interest or an understanding of how Hermes works, it is not generally socially acceptable to go into a store and just ask for a Birkin. >> Oh my god, they have Birkins in stock. >> Oh, you probably can't afford that. What can I do for me today? I mean, what can I do for you today? >> Well, I see you guys have Birkins in stock. Can I get one of those? Are you outside of your mind? What do you think this place is? I don't even know who you are. >> My name is Brandon. >> what your name is or who you are for that matter. How much money have you spent here? I mean, I've bought like a pair of sandals and something just last week. That's really cute. That's actually hilarious. Um I have an idea. Why don't you uh leave and come back when, I don't know, you're not broke. I'll actually show you out. Right this way. There are many videos that kind of show people going in store and just straight up asking for one. Yeah, most of the time the look on the [snorts] staff's face is kind of like ask again and we're kicking you out. I entered the store and security is everywhere. I asked to buy their nicest bag and they said this. >> We don't have any stock available at the moment. All the purchasing got a waiting list. I ask how long the wait is and they said 3 to 5 years. What? 3 to 5 years? What can I do to get it quicker than that? Oh. When you go into Hermès, the unwritten rules are quite strict. So, one is you don't come up in here and ask for a Birkin, okay? You don't come in here and ask for a Birkin. You don't come in and ask for a Kelly, okay? Cuz chances are they will find a way to make you feel so uncomfortable that you feel like you need to leave. We are currently experiencing a luxury slowdown, but Hermès is one of those brands who has managed to maintain its popularity, even grow in popularity all while some of the more popular luxury brands are struggling to maintain the level of sales that they have made in previous years. Yes, they are still making loads of money, but the allure or the interest in Hermès has not waned even though in some cases you have people who are playing this game so much that they are in tears, right? They're online in videos in tears about the fact that they have spent so much money and all they want is a bag. >> Last time my sales associate put me on the waitlist for a Constance 18 in black or gold with gold hardware in October 2018 and nothing eventuated. I never received the bag. So, it makes me wonder if there is really a waitlist and how am I supposed to ever get my dream bag? It's been over 2 years since the last one and $27,000 of spending on items. Now, this is what I'm telling you guys. $27,000 on items not counting the bags. Like not counting the mini Roulis, the Picotin 18 or the Bolide. I know that you say there is no link selling, but it's getting to a point where I'm becoming extremely depressed in the process, especially when I see others getting Birkin or Kelly bags more than I have who have not been shopping at the store for as long as me. If you can please confirm r/e the waitlist. No appointment necessary for this week at this stage. I'll take a raincheck. That was the last email I ever sent. I know that they say there's no link selling, but I really am baffled. I do not understand what's going on, why other people are getting bags and not me. So, because I've been wanting a like a Birkin or Kelly now for over 2 years. It's been 26 months. By the time I upload the video, it's probably going to be like 27 months. And if you're not going to offer them Birkin or Kelly's anymore then don't take my money. Why take my $27,000 in the past 2 years? All up, if I think about how much I spent all up, we're at like $200,000, okay? So, you know, I spent a lot of money with them. >> Or they've been building this relationship with this SA for so long and all they want is a bag and they've not been offered bags. They've been offered perfumes. They've been offered shoes. They've been offered the Lindy bag. They've been offered a Constance, but they haven't been offered a Birkin or a Kelly and it is just driving them insane. The Hermès game is literally so embarrassing. I just walked into a boutique for like the sixth time in 3 days asking them to take my money. I am literally begging them at this point and they're like, "No, we don't want it." I actually like have the egg for myself. Like jokes on me. Anyway, I'll be stopping back again this afternoon. I think there's an interesting conversation around why people get so swept up in this game, especially when you're walking into a place where you essentially have to be given permission to spend thousands and thousands and thousands of pounds. And especially in a time like now where people are really struggling to buy the basics. I think everyone is thinking a bit more about how they spend their money and that is not just for the less wealthy. That is for the more wealthy, too. It's part of why there is a luxury slowdown because even the top 1% aren't spending in the same way that they were before on luxury. I did do a video that I'll link here about whether luxury stores intentionally treat their customers badly and the conclusion I came to in that video was yes, it's a psychological game, okay? It's a psychological game of almost treat 'em mean, keep 'em keen, right? If owning a Birkin or a Kelly is perceived to be something that only a few people can do and in reality it's probably the case, right? In comparison to the general population, there are only quite a few people who have enough disposable income to spend that kind of money on a bag, right? And so, luxury stores, not only Hermès, but luxury stores play this game with customers where they're aware that some customers want to be part of this exclusive club. Part of luxury branding is about exclusivity. So, you want to be a part of this exclusive club and in order to get there, you need to do the thing, okay? And if you're not willing to do the thing, you can't come in. We saw that with them turning away J Lo at the door in Chanel in Turkey. We saw that with Bethany Frankel being turned away at the door at Chanel. Chanel is notorious for being big meanies in stores, okay? People make purchases, maybe they receive a faulty item, they go back to Chanel. Chanel basically kicks them out, you know, throws all their stuff out the back door, just says, "Get out, okay? How dare you come in here and ask us to help you with your faulty item." >> Actual footage of returning an item at Chanel. What do you need? Hi. I recently bought the caviar wallet and it came in the mail, but I noticed that there were some scratches on the hardware, so I was wondering if I can please exchange it for a new one or if you guys have anything else in stock. Okay, I'll take a look. Did you bring it? I did. So, this is what the hardware looks like. I don't see anything. The caveat is always unless you are some kind of VVIP or you are a big spender, you're spending hundred of thousands of pounds at Chanel every year, then maybe you might be able to get somebody to listen to you and give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right? But otherwise, you need to get out. And so, Hermès have done this very, very good job of playing this psychological game where people just feel as though it's a right of passage, it's something I have to do to be part of the club. And so, I'm about it or I'm not. And for a lot of people, they decide that they are about it and they are willing to do the thing to get them what they want. Part of the issue though and why I think we have been seeing so many of these videos about regretting buying a Birkin or a Kelly is that sometimes I think people get whipped up into believing that they just want anything. It moves from having an interest in wanting a Birkin or a Kelly, deciding that you're willing to play the game or figuring out that there's a game and deciding that you're willing to play it. Maybe playing this game for a certain amount of time. I think some people who maybe start the game maybe they make one or two purchases, they'll go into the store, they'll make one or two purchases and then they are offered a bag, are a bit more clear-minded about what exactly it is that they are buying. And I found for those people, they tend to end up a bit more with what they want because they might be offered a bag and they might think to themselves, it it it is rare, but they might think to themselves, "You know what? I'm not going to buy this bag in this color or in this size because it's not actually what I want and I don't mind, you know, waiting to receive another offer." But I think for those customers who have spent loads and loads and loads of money and sometimes, if we're real, sometimes money that they don't have, you know, maybe making purchases on credit cards. They've spent quite a lot of money. By the time they get their offer, they're just like, "Just give me whatever it is. If it's a multicolored mini Kelly with wings, then just give it to me cuz I will take anything at this point." I think that's where it's really important to with any type of brand, but in particular luxury brands just because they're so much more expensive, is to make sure that we're outside touching grass, guys. Don't get yourself so engaged or so stuck on I need to have this Hermès Kelly or I need to have this Birkin or even I need to have this Chanel flat bag, right? I need one. I'm going to do all the things in order to get one. I just bought this at Hermès in Paris and I'm not happy with it. Can I have a look? Yes, of course. It's totally the wrong model, the wrong color. I waited for 2 years for this and I'm so, so disappointed. Okay, fair enough. I mean, it happens to almost every single person that's selling us their handbag cuz they do ask for a specific color and they offer them something absolutely different. So wrong. This is not my style at all. So, I'm really, really upset with it. I understand when you say it's not your color cuz I'm a more of a neutral person and >> Exactly. I mean, you see, you know, I'm wearing gray, etc. So, this is it's nice. It's but it's too bright. >> Yeah, no, no, not at all. And obviously you you can't really reject after waiting for 2 years, is it? >> Exactly. I mean, it feels like it would be the wrong thing to do and yet it's not, you know, it's not what I wanted in the first place. There is no brand that should ever have you in a chokehold like that, ever, okay? Also, I do enjoy shopping, so I can totally understand having a love for shopping. However, I'm not an emotional shopper and I'm not an impulse buyer, okay? So, any purchase I'm making, especially when it is more expensive, will be a purchase that I have thought about for a very, very long time, okay? Hermès could not pay me to go into their store and accept an offer on a bag I don't want, okay? It's just not going to happen. So, for me, the idea of the Hermes game, or even people having comments [snorts] or opinions about the Hermes game and how stupid it is, and all of, you know, all of these negative things, I don't really let phase me because I know that when I decide I want to make my Kelly or my Birkin purchase, I'm going to attempt to make the purchase, and if it doesn't happen, it doesn't happen. And that's okay. Right? That's okay. I'm unwilling to do all the things or do whatever the game is, right? I'm unwilling to spend thousands of pounds. I'm also unwilling to buy on the resale market. I don't think there's anything necessarily wrong from buying on the resale market. I think part of the game that Hermes makes people play has a lot to do with the resale market. They are probably overly aware of the fact that there are many people that go into an Hermes store, buy a bag, get offered a bag, and from the shop go straight to a reseller, and are able to recoup what they spent and make a bit on the top. >> I've come fresh from Hermes, and I want to sell my Birkin. Oh, I love fresh bags. We get loads of clients that walk straight from Hermes to us, literally, and they sell us the bag. I can't wait to have a look at what you have. Yes, so please please please. Is your Kelly Absolutely. [laughter] It's amazing, but I've got already a black bag, Oh, I guess it's a black bag. Yes. The lady literally walked from Hermes to here. Yes. >> How long was your walk? Yeah, just 5 minutes. So, they are aware that there are people who are either resellers, so they're coming to buy just so that they can sell, and or they are people who are not really interested in owning a Birkin or a Kelly, and if they were given the opportunity to resell the bag, they would. And this is something that their CEO has come out and said is really important to them, you know, the idea of making sure that you are actually a lover of the brand. And I know that there's tons of conversation also about, you know, well, they are making you spend a ridiculous amount of money on the bag, so got a bit of a cheek to care about what you do with the bag after you buy it. And I'm not really sure about that conversation. I think we could go on all day and night about whether a bag, you know, a bag that you put things in so that you can take those things from one place to the other, is worth 10,000 pounds, right? In most cases, for some people, the answer is no. It's a bag, right? But for other people, there is a value, and value is not always tangible. There is an intangible value, as in a value sits outside of physical, for people who are buying the bag. And we could argue about how much of that makes sense, but we make these kind of choices about all of our purchases all day every day, right? I want a loaf of bread. There's a reason why I'm not buying the cheapest loaf of bread and I'm spending a bit more money on a more expensive loaf of bread. Okay? Want a car? There's a reason why I'm not buying the cheapest car, and I'm maybe spending a bit more money and getting a more expensive car, right? Most of the time, all the cars drive. You can eat all the bread, right? But the value that you see in each type of bread or each type of car varies depending on what it means to you. I thought we'd take a look at a couple of these luxury bag regret videos. This first one is by somebody called Maki Benson. I regret buying this the Kelly Cut. Now, let me explain. I know So, she's got a Kelly Cut. It's like an east-west bag in this really nice color. I really really like this blue color. I'm not a lover of the silver hardware, though. I do prefer when the hardware is not silver. No, I know everyone wants a Kelly Cut, but it's not really my cup of tea. Honestly, I find the bag too long. Um I find it awkward to carry, but I figured, okay, for the collection, it's nice to have. She's saying the bag's a bit hard to carry. I think this east-west style is quite trendy, and so if I were to be shopping with Hermes, I probably wouldn't have picked up this bag. You can kind of see behind her that it looks like she's got a few different Hermes bags, and she's talking about adding it to her collection. I think that there's two things. One is about the type of luxury shopper you are. Sometimes I think there are lots of stereotypes that are made about luxury shoppers. Of course, stereotypes are made about all types of people, so it is what it is, really, but I think for somebody who has quite a lot of bags, maybe if you already own all the Birkins or Kellys that you want, and then you get offered this type of bag, I can understand making that purchase. I have also seen quite a lot of commentary around collections and how ridiculous they are because, of course, depending on how big your collection is, how much wear are you really getting out of all of these bags? So, I can see she's probably got like at least eight bags, it looks like, behind her, that I'm sure were all very expensive, and I'm sure she uses at her pleasure. To be honest with you guys, I do understand the conversation about overconsumption, and you know, being mindful about how you spend your money, and I think it is important to be mindful about how you are spending, no matter how much money you make. However, there is something that somebody from my community, Miss Loray, hopefully she won't mind me mentioning her, but she mentioned in one of my comments about people having monitoring spirits, and it was the exact description that I was trying to find for this type of theorizing. On one hand, I do agree, and I can see the argument that, you know, why would you need 50 Birkins? I'm sure you guys have seen the celebrity or influencer wardrobes where they've got like 10 million Birkins in loads of different colors. And of course, there are always extremes of everything, but I think the suggestion or the idea that most people who are buying Birkins or Kellys are people who are doing this exact thing with their Birkins or Kellys is a bit uninformed. I think for the most part, people who get their hands on Hermes bags are usually one of maybe four people. They're resellers, collectors, celebrities, which I would say, relative to the population, there aren't tons and tons of celebrities, right? So, they're going to be celebrities, or they're going to be people who genuinely have an interest or a love for Hermes bags, and would genuinely like to own a bag, right? So, maybe that's three types of Hermes shopper. I might be wrong. You guys can correct me in the comments, but the idea that I might shop and get a Birkin Kelly and not wear it and kind of hoard it and get loads of other ones and hoard it is just not an idea that resonates with me. It's not something that I would ever do, and it I think it speaks back to some of the stereotyping that is applied to luxury shoppers. I think there are some people who, of course, take some caution around wearing their Birkins or their Kellys because they're expensive, and so that a lot of the times can make you a target, especially when you're in larger cities. So, I'm not saying that I'd be wearing a Birkin 25 as my everyday bag. No, but I'd definitely be getting wear out of my bags. Although this particular purchase isn't one that I'd make, I can kind of see why she did pick up the bag. Few months after I bought it, I was offered a mini Kelly in exactly the same color, just different leathers. Now, given the choice on a night out, She was offered afterwards the mini Kelly. That mini Kelly is sublime, okay? And I prefer the hardware. night out between the Kelly Cut and the mini Kelly, I would always reach for my mini Kelly. So, I can understand actually why she might have some regrets over the Kelly Cut because the mini Kelly, in my opinion, I agree with her. I think it is a nicer, more wearable bag. So, there was this other lady who made this purchase of a Birkin 30. And here's mine, and it's a big mistake. I don't know what to do. Maybe you guys can recommend. Here's my bag that I got at the store. I was offered. I was so thrilled. I didn't care what color, what hardware, nothing. I just wanted to purchase it. And I didn't even inquire about the leather because it looked great and She said she didn't care about the color and the size. She just wanted to buy the bag, and I think that is kind of where I think we could be thinking a bit more critically. Sometimes I do understand it is easy to get kind of whipped up into the adrenaline or whatever nice feelings you're getting around being offered this bag that you've always wanted, so you're just going to buy it, but I think a lot of the times it does end up in people regretting their purchases. I don't necessarily think it's the end of the world because you can always sell it, think some of the issue around relying on the idea of resale is that somebody actually has to want to buy it. So, yes, it is possible to resell your Birkin or your Kelly more than what you paid, but that is also reliant on somebody actually wanting to buy it from you. in person. However, let me bring it closer. This is a brand new bag. I've used it maybe a couple of times. It has scratched so bad. So, her bag looks like it's got quite a few scratches on it. Oddly, and the leather is grain and shading in such colors, it looks like I freaking abused this bag, which I don't. I've only worn it maybe two, three The bag looks worn to me, and for some people, that actually goes with the aesthetic of the Birkin because Jane Birkin always used to wear her bags in a way that was quite slouchy and looked very used. Think the Olsen twins. They also carry their Birkins in a very slouchy, used way. maybe two, three times. I did try to clean it, and I think I messed it up even more. And she tried to clean it herself, probably mistake number two. I would never try to clean a Hermes bag myself, just because if make a mistake and you ruin the leather, you know, there's not much else you can do outside of that. So, I definitely would have taken it back to the store for cleaning. But yeah, this was a very expensive mistake and I'm embarrassed to carry this bag because it looks super old and it looks like I don't know how to take care of my things. Yeah, I wouldn't be embarrassed to carry it and it looking old depending on the aesthetic is fine. So, I don't know. I think maybe she made a mistake by trying to clean the bag, but I don't think it's awful. I don't know, maybe I've got Hermes eyes. I don't mind a slouchy or more worn looking Birkin. I think it's cute depending on your aesthetic. What do you think about the Hermes game? Are you playing it? Do you think it's ridiculous? Do you own a Birkin or Kelly? Let me know down in the comments below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pri2x0x [13 likes]: We have another term for this: humiliation ritual
  2. @TajaMay [10 likes]: I forgot that you can of course go to a Paris store and chance being offered a bag without any history 😅 - would you take this chance?
  3. @shouko4218 [4 likes]: I heard that in China, they just give you the bag if you want to buy it. No playing games, just happy customers 😂
  4. @jessicananohan8683 [3 likes]: I`d only would like a Birkin, love the style of the famous Jane one but never a Kelly. Everything so structured goes against my soul
  5. @babyg7796 [2 likes]: I’m sorry but this is why I love dupes…or even a good knockoff on Canal street 😂I love luxury…but I love my money in my pocket, living debt-free, having a retirement and investments more than a $10-25k PURSE! To each its own. Some would rather drop money on a bag, I would rather drop money on home decor or home accessories. But this is the only industry I’ve come across where you have to spend money on frivolous items you DONT want not to mention, the SAs don’t even get paid enough to shop at Hermes themselves…
  6. @SydneyChandler [1 likes]: There is no way I'm humiliating myself to buy a Birkin or Kelly bag. Just no! This is elitist BS. And anyone who does this needs therapy. You have to beg these people to take your money for a stupid bag.
  7. @DATINGSURVIVALGUIDE [1 likes]: LOL 🤣The Hermes "Experience" sounds almost like a cult.
  8. @momo43momo66 [1 likes]: Who else sees a coupon holder when you look at that blue bag?
  9. @momo43momo66 [1 likes]: Nobody should be buying those bags, they made the bag to weed out people who are not good enough and it's like buying other stuff, spending thousands and giving you a prize in the end which represents, you are good enough?  What? And people support this? Ok.
  10. @cheslxy [1 likes]: Just get a wirkin like those wealthy women who rarely buys “luxury” items
  11. @paschawalker7169 [1 likes]: If you really want to buy a Birkin/Kelly without having to wait for an eternity, you can buy them second-hand from “The Real Real” in absolute pristine condition. 🤌🏾✨
  12. @FrancesMurray-d7k: My mom always said beauty is not about price. The existence of :yt: amzrepe :yt: makes me believe that true luxury is the expression of one's own style, not the price tag. Here, I found the best explanation of this sentence
  13. @otchuckrn3906: I love how elegant and classy you are. So eloquent ❤😊
  14. @yoitsgizzie: From a business perspective, I get how Hermes does it. I play this game too on my online business where scarcity drives my customers to buy. My mom has a Birkin and a couple of Kelly’s and Constance from the 90’s and 2000’s. She is shocked when I told her the prices of these recently.
  15. @Bee-g4s: ....Why was that Kelly Cot thing in Wheezer Blue.
  16. @elMARABIYOCHO1989: You spend as much, probably more, when playing the Birkin game. You have to buy a lot of stuff that you don't want just so you can get offered a bag that you probably don't like. At least with resale, you get the bag that you want.
  17. @JerryDixonIngham33: I love fashion and all that. Love looking dresses but I don’t think I need luxury myself.
  18. @gypsypixie4566: Old lady bags.
  19. @susanjennifer161: Go to Love luxury or Dubai 😂 why beg to spend your own money😮
  20. @mellowbirddreamer77: I ain't gonna lie. This video makes the game look fun. If I were a millionaire with disposable income, I'd play this game. I'm sorta personable and think that would be an advantage. SAs are people, not Gods or objects. I believe if you can treat them as such it's an advantage

- Upgrade My Truck To Impress The Ladies?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Brought to you by the Every Dollar app. Start budgeting for free today. I am a 40year-old widowerower and ready to date again. Uh, however, my truck is 25 years old and I perceive the ladies I want to date will judge me based on the vehicle I drive. It shouldn't matter. But as a guy of average height and average appearance, I don't have the charisma to overcome a poor first impression. The question is, should I spend5 to $10,000 to buy a car for the sole purpose of dating to find my future wife? Wow. Um, there's a lot going on here, Jim. Oh my gosh, I cannot wait to talk about this. It's a great question. It's a great question. Okay, Jim, what where are you at financially? Uh, no debt, no mortgage, no kids. No debt, no mortgage. What's your net worth? Uh, 1.3. What do you make? Uh, 132,000. Regardless of women, you should get a better car. Oh, okay. Your car sucks. You're a multi-millionaire. Go get you a dadgum car, son. Oh, okay. And then the women is a different issue. But yeah, I mean really, you got a million dollars, you don't drive a 25-year-old pickup truck. I mean, you can, but there's no point in it. Um, and so I would go get a better car. And uh, but I would I would not ever purchase a car to attract a lady because you're trying to attract the wrong kind of woman at that point. You don't want a woman who comes to you for the car. Correct. Not not a good not a good not a good connection. So, um, no, I mean, we want her to love the gym that Rachel and I already love. Dude, you're a great guy. Impress one person. I just don't know who that is yet. No, it's okay. You don't have to impress them with a car, it's the wrong woman. Have you had dates, Jim, and you shallow woman and you've gotten feedback about it. I'm just curious what's causing you to think it's the truck. I have been on a second date that was going I thought very well. The conversation was good. And when we walked out to the parking lot, she said, "Oh, you're driving that." And I never heard from her again. But she doesn't. So now I try and I hide the truck on the other side of the parking lot. I'll walk her to her car, leave. And But hey, listen. That That's a good thing that you ran that one off. Okay. Okay. Can I say this? I mean, seriously, do you are you going to marry Do you want to marry somebody who is judges you by your No. No. I'm not saying this is a shallow chick. Can I Excuse me. Let the woman talk for a second. Have it woman. Here's what I would say though, Jim. Not that it's shallow, but you do you would wonder out of curiosity like, "Oh my gosh, am I going to have to be the one that keeps this household afloat if it goes in the future?" Like, if she doesn't know your financial state, again, it's not a judgment on just like the car itself because there needs to be more conversation. But as a I I would think as a woman though, I'm like, I don't know. Am I am am I gonna have to be the bread winner for you know what I mean? a a level of are we going to be on food stamps because he drives this truck? That's the question. I don't know. Yeah. I mean like so the first impression thing again it's not for a shallow purposes but for her to know like no you from you're responsible and you you know all of these line up. Oh then I don't care what kind of car you drive. I just know the man that I'm marrying I'm entering into a relationship with that I'm not having to be the one to like hold us up financially. Right. If you go to Branson, Missouri, and you were to visit the Walmart uh museum on the square in Branson, Missouri, one of the things that's in there is Sam Walton's ancient pickup truck that the billionaire drove to work every week. Yes. Which is And if you walk off from him because he drives that pickup truck, you would be known as a financial I mean, seriously. I know. I'm not I'm not saying not to date someone that has a crappy car. It's not that. It's just to know that like, oh yeah, you you are a guy that can, you know, hold, you know, hold life on his own. Like that's and you really do, Jim, because of your uh because of where you are financially. I'm not saying to go buy a new truck for those purposes. I'm just giving another perspective to think, oh my gosh, is like like is he is he doing anything with his life? Right? I'm not saying that you're not, Jim. Does that make sense anyone? Am I making sense or am I sounding shallow? I'd rather have the opportunity to evaluate her character directly than she dismiss me based on a false and and if she's willing to dismiss you without learning more about your character based on the truck. This is not marriage material. I agree. You know, send her back to the digital thing that she came from. That's all good. You know, go away, chick. And that that honestly you Hey, you dodged a bullet. the digital things she came dodged a bullet dating app. You dodged a bullet. Okay. So, but all that. Anyway, all that aside, I think you ought to go get a better car for you. Okay. For you. And you could drive the pickup all you want to drive it, but I think you ought to have a better car in the driveway for you. You've earned it. You do not have to drive a piece of crap anymore. You live like no one else, and now you can live like no one else. Right. With the status symbol of choice, a BMW. No, that No, this that's not the status symbol of choice. The status symbol of choice was a paid off mortgage, which Jim, you've done. Taking the place of the BMW, but go get a better car. I'm not saying you have to go spend $100,000 on a car, but I mean, you're driving you're driving a $1,500 truck. I mean, you can be very content. He may be fine. He's ought to get a better car. He's Sam Walton. I tell these people all the time, go get a better car. So, but I wouldn't do it. I would never do that to attract you. you the kind of woman you get, the kind of person, woman or man, if you're in a dating relationship that you attract based on your possessions is not marriage material. Agreed. He looked at me again. I agree. Well, I was arguing I don't know what this whole other thing you did a while ago was, but yeah, it was just to just to know like, okay, I'm not having to be the bread winner, right? I'm like, I don't know. I don't want to be on food stamps. I don't want someone that's like Yeah. that's like not working, but at least at least ask a question and say, "See you." 100% agree. I know. So, you're driving this truck cuz you're a billionaire or you're driving this truck cuz you're poor and don't work much. Exactly. Well, it's just the idea of like I don't know. I don't have to like You could ask a question. Oh, man. Yeah. He's 40 years old. Jim, I'm I'm rooting for you and I hope this call I'm going to just pray this over the over the internets that this call maybe some lady's like, "Jim, I'm interested." There you go. If you are, Houston's a little town. Shouldn't be hard to find. You look for the look for the old truck. Look for the old truck in Houston, Texas. Jim, like there's no old trucks in Houston, Texas. There's not a chance you're going. I just appreciate I appreciate him. That's true. And I really do. And I'm sorry you're a widowerower, too. Whatever that story was, I I'm hope nothing but the best, Jim. I'm cheering you on. Yeah, me too. I hope you find a great a great lady out there. Me, too. We should do a Ramsay dating app. No, no. It would end up like this. Call terrible advice. This bad advice from both of us, I think so. Oh, we we flunked that. That wasn't our That wasn't our best call, America. Hey, it's worth what you pay for it, baby. This is the Ramsay Show. Create your free every dollar budget today. The simplest way to budget for your

  Top Comments:
  1. @AdeleTignor [1 likes]: As a woman, I’d much rather date a guy who drives a twenty-five year old truck and has zero debt than a guy who drives a new truck with a car payment.  🤷🏻‍♀️
  2. @user-jr4xu5mw1f: I’m a woman and personally like older trucks!  Especially if they have been taken care of.  So an old truck won’t scare off the right woman for you.  But go ahead and get a new truck for yourself. Especially of you can afford it.
  3. @austincook6697: My wife fell in love with me while driving my 19 year old truck. That 19 year old truck is now 27 years old, and I still drive it, and my wife is still with me!! But she hates that truck now sadly …
  4. @FeelTheInanity: Oh brother
  5. @Dysfunctional_Reprint: Take that money and go to therapy instead buddy.  You might get a better ROI.
  6. @CB-zt6qs: Well, I know someone that drives an older car but that older car runs like a dream and looks like a dream. AND, they can save money.
  7. @marciajensen1824: What woman cares about trucks?
  8. @Achilles1205: Holy crap Rachel is so annoying. I wish Dave would stop putting her in the videos.
  9. @KneeJerkReactor: You want to make a good first impression? You would. You are a stand up guy with no frills. THAT is the impression. THAT is what they are getting from Jim.

Your net worth should be just gravy. And if they rejected you because of the truck, then the woman is not worth having. SHE is a gravy. Dates are about CONVERSATIONS. CONNECTIONS. NOT CARS. Let them date their superficial guy. Because like guys who borrow money to get rich, they will crumble just as fast as they got together.

You should buy a truck FOR YOURSELF. UNFORTUNATELY, you have to choose. Because if you are just buying a new one now, the woman would notice. So if you buy a new truck now, you do not go on dates for now. At least until the new truck wears down a bit.
  10. @sallylarson882: NO
  11. @JMA-1804: I disagree with Dave.  If you can afford to, you do need to make a good impression, especially when dating.  Dressing sloppily suggests to women that you have poor hygiene or taste.  You don't need an expensive car, but you do need a presentable one, as it is part of your overall appearance.
  12. @9Packin: This guy just calls in to lowkey flex how much money he has.
  13. @wimschoenmakers5463: Status seems to be important in America? Here, in Europe we don't care about that nonsens.
  14. @MrSir270: Jim I have a sister in Houston that is also financially stable, may you find one another!!!!! Haha
  15. @ZaksConJobChatBot: Oh good lord man sack up. Kthxbye.
  16. @ZaksConJobChatBot: Okay, give us all a laugh please.
  17. @calebsmith7515: Buy a 29 year old mint condition 97 F-350 with a 7.3L powerstroke and you’ll get all the ladies… way cooler than today’s trucks
  18. @timothygibney159: So many men are broke on dating apps. After she dated 5 of these losers she put him in the same group. I don't blame her. Wealth and status are very important on these apps
  19. @davidrigby6190: Dave is pretty judgmental.  He is guilty of the same thing he is accusing this (hypothetical) woman of doing.
  20. @formless7000: It boils down to what type of person you want to date. Do you want to date someone who's impressed by your truck? Or do you want to date someone who's more impressed by your sound financial decision to keep your old truck that still runs fine?

- Stop Trying to Impress People With Your Car!: Kind: captions Language: en I got a comment the other day from someone who's been driving the same 2007 Toyota Tacoma for over a decade. Solid truck. Still runs great and it still does its job. But now he's thinking of getting something newer. Not because the old one's failing him, of course it isn't, but because it might not look right pulling into the parking garage downtown. And that really hit me because that's the question so many of us face, even if we don't say it out loud. Who are you really driving that car for? Is it for you or is it for the people watching? The co-workers, the clients, the family members, the random stranger at the stoplight who couldn't care less but somehow still lives rentree in your head. We say things like, "I need a nice car for work. I need something professional. I need to make a good impression." But do we or do we just need to feel like we're keeping up? Let me read you the comment. I'm a senior architect in a large corporate practice in downtown Dallas. If you spent any time driving around downtown Dallas, then you will understand this will not be an easy decision. That's real. That's pressure. Because when your job involves highle clients or professional optics, the car you drive starts to feel like part of your uniform. But even then, I have to ask, what matters more, the appearance of success or the freedom that comes from not chasing it? A new car today can cost $40,000 easily. That's hundreds of dollars a month, plus interest, plus insurance. All to make sure you look like the kind of person who can afford it, even if you can't. But here's the thing, nobody worth impressing is going to respect you less for driving something old. And if they do, that's their problem, not yours. I've seen people with six-f figureure jobs driving 20-year-old beaters because they've got nothing to prove. And I've seen broke 25-year-olds financing BMWs just to impress people they don't even like. So, I'll say it again. Who are you really driving that car for? Because if it's for yourself, then drive what makes sense. Drive what gives you peace of mind. Drive what frees you, not what traps you in a payment plan for the next 7 years. If it's reliable, if it's paid off, if it works, that might be the most respectable thing you could drive. Not because it's flashy, but because it means you're living on your own terms. And to me, that's what a good car really is. Something that moves you, not just your image. Drop a comment below and tell me, have you ever felt pressure to upgrade your car just for how it might look? Or have you stuck with something older because it still does the job? I'd love to hear your story. Thank you everyone and have a great day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @scotdoc [2 likes]: I run 2 old Porsches and a Volvo. Maintain them myself. It’s that relationship you build. I know them inside out. My favourite YouTube videos are about mega mileage car stories
  2. @fireiskindofhot [1 likes]: I don't care how much people make fun  of me for driving a car I got for $1900. as long as it's worth fixing, I'll keep driving it.
  3. @ilikeclothes73 [1 likes]: It’s nice to have a daily and a performative car if it makes you feel better and gets you places
  4. @wyfei2319yt [1 likes]: I've never been pressured to upgrade my car. A few of my friends think I need to tho, but I don't listen to them when it comes to car advice. I buy what makes me happy.
  5. @elonjermise2497 [1 likes]: I don't even own a car but i planning to get one next year if my job remains stable, I'm 43 now and i need something reliable for myself not for people. I have decided to get one 2009-2012 Toyota Corolla.
  6. @SpectreOZ [1 likes]: I upgrade vehicles when it is no longer financially viable to repair/maintain
  7. @Bkamron [1 likes]: That's one of the things that led to the break down of my marriage (there were tonnes others like her infidelity, emotional and psychological abuse etc). We had three perfectly good cars, one 96 Toyota Mark II with  the bulletproof JZ, an 01 Lexus IS and a 2012 Vitz - the yaris hatch as u Americans know it. All of them had everything working AC, power windows, lights and sensors, good paint and body, nothing off because everything was well maintained. 

Wife got a new fancy job, told me she needed a new car because everybody else in her office financed theirs (Audis and high-end Toyotas and Pick-ups) and she felt out of place. I was mindblown, she made a fuss, started getting bitter, angry etc and went ahead and got a new car and everything just went sideways from there. Thank God she's out of my life and I thank God for the experience. 

I'll buy every old car on the road until they stop making old cars, these new cars are just fancy money-pits designed to keep you dependent and poor.
  8. @MidtownCarpenter: I just bought a '96 Toyota Tacoma 2.4 with $150,000 mi I paid 7 grand I'm loving it
  9. @Hammockrider: I got almost 350K on my 2000 Tacoma. In the end the parts just started falling off faster than I could put them back on. Heard the modern Tacomas just aren't as durable
  10. @asiftalpur3758: buy jf17 rn 🔫
  11. @Racoon-Man: I follow this mindset anywhere nowadays. I have seen my father do this and I hope I get to be half the man he is. He never replaced a watch that was working, still wears it with all the scratches it has picked up over the years. I am gonna walk the same path because somehow it brings respect.
  12. @martingoldfire: I bought a dream car 8 months ago, her name is Marion😍 I emptied my account and hoped I could repair everything as I saved up, it's looking good👍 Now, a 2003 Audi A6 Biturbo might be the worst choice possible as it is known for breaking down, but it's tuned so at least I'll get there fast, soooo fast🤩 Missing parts aside, it completes me, and shakes me up due to the bent axels, no biggie, can't be since replacements are non existent. Did I mention the casette player? All my childhood tapes, right there on the best sound system they were ever played on, groovy🤘 Am i mad you say? Absolutely, love does that to a man, and no dissenting voices can weaken the love of the old girl, except losing my lisense, which takes about two seconds almost anywhere😬 I can't wait to fix the engine management computer thingy and see what happens when both turbos work all the time🚙💨I am proud to drive that masterpiece, or old heap of junk as those of the electric persuasion would say, she will hopefully stay with me for life🤞😁
  13. @dylansmith6078: My issue is, born too late to get the cars that last long, born too early to feel super pressured into buying the new thing. So now, I can't afford either 😂
  14. @majidafham: I really like your videos and I like the message you're pushing here. But I'm sorry, I can't help but notice or feel that your talking style or the script you're using is generated by an AI. I know the core message is definitely original and yours, but it's at least styled or edited by an AI in some way.

Maybe I'm wrong, I hope I am, but if I am by any chance right that you're using AI for your talking or script, I would suggest writing your script without an AI, that way it would feel more human, more natural and more you.

Either way, love what you do. Keep going at it!
  15. @gathel8574: Watch this after a video about "why u need a sports car" like damn i confused
  16. @ScottPlude: I will never get rid of another vehicle with one exception:
My 2024 Subaru Crosstrek. It is full of computers and I can already feel how everything in it is built barely sturdy enough to outlast the warranty and then die.
My old pickup and blazer? They will be with me until I die, then hopefully a family member will take it over.
I hope this comment helps with the YT algo and results in a few more people seeing your videos. The world needs to think like you and I.
  17. @WorldMoneyWins: I dont do payments anymore. I could easily afford a new Range Rover, but my 2005 Jeep Wrangler is more reliable, and I dont need to impress anyone.
  18. @EngineerNotFound: On a side note; I remember when people started doing this with smartphones, getting the cool one, and the thing is, it was perpetuated by other people looking at your phone and saying "..huh...?..", as if you were doing something wrong by having an older or cheaper phone.  I have started to wonder (in my tin foil hat mode) whether this social pressure to keep up with the Joneses with technology, including vehicles we use,  is no accident, and has been encouraged by people who benefit from all of us becoming 'consumers' out of fashion rather than necessity.  Yeah, I sound like a conspiracy theorist now; but honestly, I have wondered about this a lot recently, especially with the whole right to repair issues nowadays.
  19. @power4things: One caveat - any old car is impressive when it is maintained, repaired and shined up.  Gets way more attention than anything new.  Because care and conservation isn't something you can buy.  We have a zero-timed 1998 Range Rover HSE ... car honestly looks like the Queen is riding in it when it goes by.   The crowd appeal beats any Escalade, Cayenne or X5 on the road ...
  20. @draksionar: Always liked old cars and always drove them. You know my greatest enemy ? Corrosion. Cost me my previous 3 cars. All of them reliable Skodas ( Favorit, Felicia , Octavia I with 1,9l diesel). Fareawell, friends.
I fear the day, when I will be forced to buy something made in 2015 or later. Or worse........EV. Too much wires and sensors.

- I Want To Buy a $90,000 Car to Impress My Grandma: Kind: captions Language: en Brought to you by the Every Dollar app. Start budgeting for free today. >> My grandmother is going to visit me on in July. Um, now I love her very much. This is more of a love question. I know it's not one of the most smart decision to make. I drive a really nice car right now. I drive a 2022 Nissan Pathfinder. I paid all cash for it. >> Good. And now when she's coming, I want to get an even better car just because I would love the spoiler with an even better car. Um, is it wise for me to sell this for I'm going to probably be able to sell this for 35 and buy uh around a $90,000 car >> for your grandmother? I'm so confused. >> Uh, for her to keep. >> Well, yeah. No, no, no, not for her to keep. for me to keep, but just it's just I'm making an impulsive decision because she's coming and I really want her to see how well I'm doing for myself. >> So, you want to make a six figure impulsive decision to impress somebody who's there temporarily so that they think you're doing better than you are. >> No, I I am doing I can easily I I I could I could pay full cash for that car. >> That wasn't the question. >> The motivation is what we're asking about. >> Oh, it is. It's your grandmother. >> Yeah, basically. Does she actually care? >> I don't know. All people in the world, nana love their grandchildren. I was like, I >> I I have a feeling she would appreciate having like massage seats and, you know, and just like how are we are we living in this car for 5 months? >> Is this Are you being for real? >> No, no, no. >> I am. I am. I'm being very for real. I went and checked out the car yesterday and I told the guy I'd come around like five or six o'clock today and tell him if I want it or not. What car is this? >> Uh, this it's a Yukon. >> What does grandma need a Yukon for? Is she sleeping in the back? Is there a mattress? >> Oh, no. It's also because Are you single? >> How old are you, Muhammad? >> I am single. I'm I am 22. >> Okay. >> I kind of wish you were married cuz your wife would slap you right now if she heard this call. >> This is insane. >> Uh, no. Uh, yeah, I know. It's like it's insane. But my parents like when my grandmother comes, she she's like a magnet. So when she comes to like North America, she's going to all of her relatives. She's coming she she's coming from India, my my home country. >> Okay. And in in their culture, is it big to like, hey, look at how impressive my life is? >> It's not it's not as so much like that, but um >> how much do you make a year? >> It's like, >> so I currently own two companies. I started one when I was 16 and one I started 6 months ago. Uh the one I started when I was 16 was a clothing company which does really well for itself. It has nine employees full-time. I maybe go there twice a week to just look look at stuff. >> Way to go. >> And but nothing uh just just to like the the warehouse we have. >> So what did your taxes show last year? What did you what did you bring in? >> Hey, what's up guys? It's Jade. Listen, my husband and I drive used vehicles and we really do plan on keeping those running for a long time. So, we trust Christian Brothers Automotive to take care of them. Their team is honest. Their shops are super clean. And what I love is they don't try to upsell us on things that we don't need. I personally feel really confident walking into Christian Brothers because I know that no one's going to try to take advantage of me or scare me into unneeded repairs. Christian Brothers gets it. So, schedule a service today at cbac.com/ramsey and get 10% off your visit. That's up to a $250 value. See stores for details. What did you bring in? What was your taxable income? >> Uh, last year I pulled in around 250. >> Amazing, dude. You're crushing. If I'm grandma, that's what I'm proud of. Not the car upgrade. >> Or just you. >> You're a successful, bright young man. She loves you for you. And if a car is going to be the ticket for her to love you even more, this relationship is built on on a farce. >> Oh, no. It's It's not like if she's going to love me more cuz the car >> No, you just want to impress your grandmother. >> Just rent a car for 5 months if you want to impress her. No, Muhammad, you got to like you got to detach your identity from all this stuff. This is not who you are. Like if you woke up tomorrow >> if you woke up tomorrow and you were driving a Honda Civic, would that absolutely trip you out? And if it would, >> then I would I would ask some deeper questions of what's going on, how much your identity is wrapped up in this. >> I I have a Honda Civic right now. I My second car is a Honda Civic. >> You have two deal. I use it for short trips. >> Oh my gosh. Yeah, >> you got two cars. >> I use it for short trips. It's >> I think you need some problems, Muhammad. Right now, you don't have enough. >> Oh my gosh. >> I do. I do. My >> You need some reality. And I You've done so well. And I think that's caused you to go, "Well, I have to live a certain way because I've done so well." And the more you can realize that your identity is not wrapped up in stuff and how much money you make, the better relationships you're going to have and the better life you're going to have. >> Listen, we're not mad at $90,000 cars. And if you can pay cash for a $90,000 car and that's what you want, Muhammad, because you want to upgrade your car, you enjoy cars, and whatever the motivation is, but asking yourself, if nobody sees this purchase, would I still want it? And if the answer is, yeah, I still would. I would still want this. Like, if that was your if that was the beginning of this call, um it would be a green light for me because I think you could afford it and you would be fine. But what I'm scared of is that if you make this purchase because of the motivation that you just explained to us, you have set up a pattern in your life and a lane at which is unrealistic and unfulfilled. It's an unfulfilling lane that you're setting up that if I just get this purchase, I'm going to feel good from the ego stroke of my grandmother who says like, "Oh my gosh, you're just amazing and look how successful you are." whatever whatever you need from her, whatever that need is, that need is still going to be there and it's going to and you're going to look to other people to fulfill it. And so I want Muhammad to be content and happy with what Muhammad has regardless of what anyone thinks. And especially grandma, I mean, >> my gosh, granny's and nana, they're like the number one fan of grandkids. Like they she will be happy to be in a Honda Civic, you know? >> What is she What is she driving? That's the question. What's she used to? Is she rolling around in Rolls-Royces? Uh no, but she she well my parents are do very well for themselves too and they have obviously spoiled my grandmother a lot and her husband did very very well. So my grandfather who just passed away this January. >> Um so uh she drives a uh she does not drive but she gets driven around in a Toyota Land Cruiser which which >> yeah I think you come from a successful family. you do you come from a successful family and you want to graft into that message that's been told to you and what we're giving you is >> is a different perspective on life and again it's not that the stuff is bad but when the stuff has you at that point to the point that you're going to go and make a purchase again solely out of wanting someone to feel good about it and and feel good about you because of this purchase all of it I just don't like the motivation and I think it's it's going to end up you're going to end up in a in a like a rat in the wheel running and running and running the whole your whole life cuz it's not going to be grandma next. It's going to be the girl next. It's going to be a parent. It's you know what I mean? Plug in anybody. >> And then the goalpost moves too cuz now it's like well you don't have a a sports car. It'd be nice to add a Lamborghini to the mix if you really want to keep up and then it becomes a lifestyle you you can't keep up with even if you can afford it. You admitted this was impulsive and there's better ways to spend this money, right? Do you have a mortgage? >> Uh no, I currently rent. That was my second question. I have two options right now. I rent a two-bedroom apartment. I live alone. Don't need two bedrooms. I know. I know that's for, but I like an open space. Now that grandma's coming and she's a magnet. She's going to pull maybe my parents or my brothers and everyone here. Hence, I'm going to need a little bigger of a space. I was talking to a realtor yesterday and she she showed me this house that's up for sale for $3.95. Now I could scramble and gouge and and get that 395 to get that house. How? And she gave me a second option near where I live. They built new town houses that are up for rent. I currently pay 2500. Those town houses are up for rent for 3500. >> Right. So it's all the same philosophy. No, I would not be making an impulse. I would not make an impulse decision on buying a house. Muhammad, >> they can afford to go >> 6 months and wait till they leave and then you make a decision for your future for you. No, we do not need to be impulsing. If I was going to drop money, I'd rather be on a house than a car. But do it for you and for nobody else. >> Create your free every dollar budget today. The simplest way to budget for your life.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Travis_B_Chillin [1 likes]: How did this call not get screened and blocked? It’s 1000% a humble brag call.
  2. @CecileEdwards [1 likes]: Just rent a car for the days she’s visiting!
  3. @sarsattacks [1 likes]: Would Nana from India even know what a Yukon was?  I just did a quick check, and they don't sell them there.
  4. @TheRamseyShow: Enter the Ramsey May Cash Giveaway! $500 weekly prizes and a $10,000 Grand Prize. Daily entries increase chances of winning. 👉 https://ramsey.solutions/l7sl8x96
  5. @AnimalSoul-nk3fg: A Yukon…. can G’ma even get into it? I have a Taco & my Mom had trouble getting in & out of it.
  6. @jzmn0033: If his parents are successful too, why can't they congregate at their place?
  7. @coolgainz9307: Hopefully Muhammad takes advice from Rachel and George 🙏🏿
  8. @AmandaHugenkiss2915: I think Granny will be impressed just to not be the fourth person riding side saddle on a scooter and not seeing garbage and emaciated cows everywhere. I have been there and seen this in person.
  9. @shinebysdcosmetics: First time hearing someone from Halifax on air! 🇨🇦
  10. @scoutandscooter: This guy is either a fake caller or an idiot.
  11. @Dc5525-g2c: Miss Dave to take these calls and put callers like this in their place.
  12. @ldtriton: Sadly he''s going to be single for a loooong time.
  13. @jaredgould2426: I hate when folks don’t answer the question
  14. @WinnersDontQuit24: I wish Dave took this call…it would have been hilarious 😂😂
  15. @TheJacki84: Just do Turo
  16. @lauvasquez7198: Mohamed... say no more....some are so obsessed with impressing the old matriacts in their culture. Its insane.
  17. @lithobreakerf.5373: What a stupid call
  18. @michaelbuckwash2412: This call was extremely dumb. I hated this callers take on everything.
  19. @GrnXnham: Lots of money but little maturity = calls like this.😂
  20. @alanbackup2947: This guy is rich rich omg 😂😮

- 7 Signs Someone is Secretly Wealthy: Kind: captions Language: es-MX La mayoría de los millonarios y multimillonarios son completamente invisibles. Probablemente estén sentados junto a ti en Starbucks, y ni siquiera sabes que tienen siete, ocho o quizá hasta nueve cifras en el banco. En mi opinión, hay siete señales reveladoras que delatan si alguien es rico en secreto o no, así que si sabes qué buscar, podrás encontrarlos. Sinceramente creo que si logras adoptar algunos de sus hábitos, podría ser la clave para construir una verdadera riqueza por tu cuenta. La primera señal que vamos a ver es que la gente rica evita a toda costa hablar de las tres E. Ahora, estas tres E se refieren a ganar, a lo caro y al exceso. Por la primera E, que es ganar, nunca hablan del dinero que están ganando porque para ellos, si alguien siempre está hablando de dinero y de cuánto gana, demuestra que esa persona todavía está en la etapa de querer probar algo. Los verdaderamente ricos no tienen nada que probar porque en secreto ya saben que tienen el dinero y no hay necesidad de decírselo a nadie. La segunda E: no presumen su última compra cara. Mientras otros publican bolsas de diseñador o relojes de lujo en redes, los ricos en secreto callan sus adquisiciones. Porque si alguien habla constantemente de cuánto costó su carro, de lo caras que fueron sus vacaciones, es una clara señal de que estiraron su presupuesto para poder pagarlo y están tratando de maximizar cada dólar que gastaron obteniendo algo de fama en redes sociales o quizá contándoselo a sus amigos. Y la tercera E es que evitan vivir en exceso, al menos en cuanto a su imagen externa. La gente rica entiende que los verdaderos lujos en la vida son tener opciones, comodidad y libertad, y no tener las cosas más ostentosas. Si alguna vez te encuentras con una persona que habla de cuánto gana, cuál fue la compra más cara que ha hecho recientemente, o simplemente vive en exceso y lo presume, puedes apostar que esa persona probablemente no es rica. ¿Te crees mucho por tu Range Rover? Pues sí. Al menos yo tengo carro. ¿Tú siquiera tienes uno? Quédate aquí. ¿Quién es el plebeyo ahora? ¡¿Quién es el plebeyo ahora?! Eso pensé. Okay. Entonces, eso significa lo contrario. Los que son callados, son ricos en secreto, y creo que si puedes adoptar este tipo de actitud en tu vida, podría ayudarte a generar más riqueza. Porque la energía hipotética que gastarías en las apariencias, o en impresionar a otros, podría redirigirse a construir tu patrimonio neto real. La señal número dos de que alguien es rico en secreto: conduce un auto confiable, de cinco a más de diez años, ya pagado. No manejan autos ostentosos como BMW de alta gama, Porsches, Rolls-Royces o Lamborghinis. Eso es porque los ricos saben lo brutal de la depreciación, así que tirar quinientos a ochocientos dólares al mes en la mensualidad de un carro por algo que pierde valor cada día es un retorno de inversión muy negativo. Y si haces cuentas, podrías invertir de seis mil a nueve mil seiscientos dólares anuales en su lugar, y en diez años con rendimientos compuestos, eso bien podría valer más de cien mil. Además, un auto de cinco a más de diez años ya perdió la mayor parte de su valor por depreciación. Las curvas de depreciación de autos varían, pero se aplanan drásticamente tras cinco años. Esto significa que la mayor parte de la depreciación ya ha ocurrido, por lo que el valor se estabiliza. Si quieres ahorrar dinero en cuanto a carros, creo que tiene mucho sentido comprar un carro usado con unas treinta mil millas o quizá de tres a cinco años de uso. Ese suele ser el punto ideal entre valor y depreciación, pero si solo quieres ser una persona rica que pasa desapercibida, quizá optarías por algo más viejo. Pueden ver en esta gráfica que estos son los modelos de los carros, y el "aquí" que se indica en la gráfica es el punto de inflexión alrededor del año seis o siete, y es cuando la depreciación realmente se desacelera. Los ricos en secreto entienden que un auto es solo transporte. Prefieren ese dinero extra en inversión, evitando pagos de auto y destinándolo a activos que generen riqueza. En otras palabras, prefieren ser ricos que solo parecer ricos y al mismo tiempo deber un montón de dinero por un carro. La señal número tres de que alguien es rico en secreto es que el dinero que sí gastan lo invierten en cosas que la gente normal ni siquiera consideraría. gastan su dinero en cosas poco comunes, por ejemplo, para tener más tiempo, pueden tener un pasatiempo de coleccionables raros, o gastan dinero en pequeños lujos o comodidades de las que no te enterarías a menos que, por alguna razón, pudieras pasar veinticuatro/siete con ellos todos los días. Hablemos primero del tiempo. Una persona rica entiende que el único recurso finito en todo el mundo y en la vida es el tiempo. Por lo tanto, podrían comprar su tiempo de vuelta y están dispuestos a gastar una cantidad desproporcionada de dinero en las cosas que pueden devolverles ese tiempo. En viajes, podrían volar en privado, evitando seguridad, saliendo cuando quieran y saltándose el tedioso abordaje y desembarque. Para la comida, un chef privado les hace las compras y cocina saludable, ahorrándoles incontables horas semanales. Y las tareas del hogar, también las delegan. Para eso, seguro tienen mucha ayuda. Y en todos estos casos de ahorro de tiempo, realmente no tendrías idea de que alguien gasta dinero en estos servicios a menos que pudieras observar a esta persona por un período prolongado. La siguiente categoría de gasto en la que una persona rica podría derrochar, es en pasatiempos poco comunes o caros como coleccionar arte raro, vinos finos, recuerdos deportivos o quizá hasta tarjetas de Pokémon. En lugar de mostrar su riqueza como una persona normal, prefieren hacerlo con una apreciación por el lujo y artículos raros. Poseer algo que cientos de miles ya tienen no es lo suficientemente genial para ellos. Necesitan sentirse únicos; cuanto más raro el artículo, más codiciado. En mi opinión, es naturaleza humana. Cubiertas las necesidades básicas, los ricos ya no compiten con otros. Están tratando de diferenciarse por completo de todos los demás, y una de las formas en que lo hacen es coleccionando bienes raros o quizá comprando su tiempo de vuelta, que es su activo más... eh, valioso. Otra parte de la naturaleza humana es suscribirse a mi boletín gratuito llamado Hump Days. Ahí publicamos noticias de negocios dos veces por semana, los miércoles y domingos. Y si quieres ser rico en secreto algún día y disfrutas los videos de aquí, asegúrate de suscribirte. Es completamente gratis en la descripción de abajo. Perdón, tenía que meter el comercial sutilmente. Bueno, continuemos. La señal número cuatro de que alguien es rico en secreto, es que son conscientes de su imagen. Ya aludí un poco a esto en la primera señal, pero la gente rica entiende que, por lo general, la gente siente envidia de lo que no tiene. Incluso si tu mejor amigo está feliz por ti el noventa y nueve por ciento de las veces que tienes éxito, siempre habrá un pequeño pensamiento en su mente, quizá en el fondo, de "¿Cómo sería si mi vida fuera como la de ellos?" o "¿Por qué no pude ser yo?". Esa es la naturaleza humana. Así que, para no incomodar a nadie, evitan hablar de cualquier cosa que pueda llevar a alguien a entender, por deducción, cuánto dinero podrían tener o cuán exitosos son. Si le preguntas a una persona rica cuál es su patrimonio neto, es probable que diga alguna frase como: "Me ha ido bastante bien", o "Ahí la llevo", o quizá, "Ciertamente no soy la persona más rica que conozco". Nick, no puedes pagarlo. ¿Tu familia es realmente rica? Cómodamente. Eso es exactamente lo que diría una persona súper rica. Y de hecho, esta es una historia real que me pasó. Estaba comiendo con un individuo que vale más de nueve cifras, o sea, al menos cien millones de dólares de patrimonio neto. Y cuando hablaba de sus amigos en la comida, todos multimillonarios, soltó algo en la conversación muy casualmente. Fue algo como: "Soy pobre en comparación con todos mis amigos". Para mí, fue una locura escuchar eso porque me demostró que a medida que subes en la escalera de la riqueza, siempre habrá alguien más rico con quien compararte. Digo, eso es cierto para casi todos en el mundo a menos que seas Elon Musk, claro pero sigue siendo una locura pensar que alguien en el Top 400 de Forbes, por ejemplo, todavía podría compararse con personas que están más arriba en la lista. La comparación está tan arraigada en la naturaleza humana. Estaría dispuesto a apostar que hay al menos una persona en la lista del Top 400 de Forbes que piensa que no es lo suficientemente rica, aunque racionalmente, están perfectamente bien. La gente rica quiere ser cuidadosa con su imagen externa también por razones de seguridad. Si son constantemente ostentosos, o le dicen a la gente cuál es su patrimonio neto, solo están atrayendo atención negativa y resentimiento de otros, lo que podría comprometer su seguridad. La quinta señal de que una persona es rica en secreto es que hace preguntas detalladas sobre compras de menos de cien dólares, pero no pestañea ante gastos grandes y necesarios. Esto es bastante común. Podrías encontrar a una persona rica pasando de veinte a treinta minutos investigando la mejor batería portátil de veinte dólares en Amazon. Leen reseñas, se clavan viendo videos de YouTube, pero de repente, los verás soltar quince mil dólares en un techo nuevo sin pestañear. La diferencia es que la compra de la batería portátil es un gusto, mientras que el techo era una necesidad. Probablemente hay quince opciones diferentes de baterías portátiles que hacen lo mismo, así que la persona rica se toma su tiempo para encontrar el mejor valor por su dinero. El reemplazo del techo de quince mil dólares, por otro lado, es una necesidad, y especialmente si el reemplazo es urgente, simplemente gastarán el dinero para acelerar esa reparación. Personalmente, creo que esto es más un hábito arraigado de alguien que se hizo rico por su propio esfuerzo. Este pequeño hábito de no gastar de más en compras pequeñas a lo largo del año puede sumar un gran ahorro en el transcurso de trescientos sesenta y cinco días. Sin embargo, la gente rica entiende que los grandes gastos necesarios ocurrirán, y cuando esas cosas surgen, tienen que actuar rápida y decisivamente. La señal número seis de que alguien es rico en secreto: ha dominado la espera. Mientras los demás compran cosas al instante, la gente rica investigará una compra por meses, esperará la oferta perfecta o, a veces, decidirá que no necesita ese artículo. También entienden que la mayoría de las ofertas no son reales. Y si esperas lo suficiente, casi todo se pone en liquidación. Si te pones a pensar en lo que es una oferta, es literalmente un descuento inventado basado en un número inventado. ¿Y quién establece ese número? Generalmente es el proveedor o el vendedor de dicho artículo. Una persona rica en secreto podría ser muy frugal y orientada al valor, no le importará esperar, especialmente si eso significa obtener algo que realmente ama, en lugar de algo con lo que solo está conforme. Entonces, una buena lección aquí es que si estás pensando en una compra grande, esperes al menos de siete a treinta días, realmente tienes que hacer una pausa y preguntarte si de verdad seguirás queriendo ese artículo, digamos, dentro de un mes. Y quizá podrías pensar en artículos sustitutos que cumplan el mismo propósito y que no te cuesten un dineral. Esto es solo gratificación postergada, el concepto clave para volverte muy, muy rico más adelante en la vida. A veces, debes renunciar a lo que quieres ahora por una vida financiera más sólida y un mejor futuro. La mayoría no puede postergar la gratificación ni veinticuatro horas, mucho menos cinco o diez años, una disciplina clave para la riqueza. Los ricos en secreto son muy pacientes, esperan no solo ofertas, sino también otras cosas importantes en la vida. La señal número siete: viven en una casa modesta, muy por debajo de su capacidad de pago. Mientras la mayoría se estira con hipotecas apenas pagables, los ricos en secreto hacen lo opuesto. Viven en casas que parecen casi demasiado pequeñas o modestas para alguien con su nivel de ingresos, o simplemente son dueños de su casa y nunca te darían a entender que viven sin hipoteca. Si te compras una casa grande y lujosa que apenas puedes pagar, no solo tendrás más metros cuadrados que decorar, sino que probablemente necesitarás limpiadores, jardineros, y si tienes alberca, un alberquero. Y una vez que tienes una casa grande, no querrás una más pequeña. Tendrás la expectativa de mantener las apariencias para vecinos, amigos y familiares, lo que implica gastar más dinero para mantener tu estilo de vida. Hay muchos niveles de riqueza. Si el objetivo es vivir tu vida más plena, serás más feliz, en mi opinión, si simplemente te mantienes callado. Compartí este tuit en un video anterior, pero creo que resume muy bien los diferentes niveles de riqueza. Brandon Turner (Twitter/X) dice que hay tres niveles de riqueza. Nivel uno: cortas tu césped porque no tienes dinero. Nivel dos: pagas a alguien porque tienes algo de dinero y valoras tu tiempo. Nivel tres: cortas tu césped porque, ya retirado, tienes tanta libertad y tiempo que quieres hacerlo tú mismo, por puro placer. Esto es muy acertado, pues la persona en el nivel tres es probablemente la más rica, disfrutando su vida y cortando su césped por el simple gusto de hacerlo. ¡Gracias por ver el video! Suscríbanse a Hump Days si no lo han hecho. Si les interesa mi próximo video sobre cómo llegar al uno por ciento superior, tengo consejos geniales... ahí. Querrán verlo aquí. Los veo en ese video, o en otro. Gracias por acompañarme. Paz.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jonsoar [1 likes]: Who's the peasant now! lol😂
  2. @cupunchy [1 likes]: that's not true. wealthy people still drive luxury cars. only because they truly enjoy the car and it's only a tiny portion of their wealth so that they don't need to worry about depreciation.
  3. @ExuMarabó-n7v: These last days i was so nervous think about the inflation and crisis, im so glad i managed to find a way to make some profit out of this situation, for public utility, the video that teached me is public and is named “How to Profit in the Financial Crisis by Michael Thompson”  🚀
  4. @WigsNWineLounge: I Think stealth Wealth and Wealth minimum is for a certain personality type. I don’t think all wealthy people don’t show flash. There’s plenty of wealthy people that are rolling in Rolls-Royce and flying around and jets and they are not over extending themselves because they are extremely wealthy. But you do have the speakers who will go stand by it yet and take photos and rent a Rolls-Royce for a wheat or lease it knowing they can’t afford it and then show it on Instagram and YouTube. But the true billionaires I’m pretty sure they got a Rolls-Royce park somewhere.😂😂😂😂 but I do agree that a lot of these regular people the middle class are out buying $50,000 purses that they can’t afford Gucci and Louis Vuitton Chanel and driving home to a cheap apartment or a bad neighborhood and these are the people that get their hair and nails done every weekend and go overboard with everything they do. The wealthy may be wearing $1000 pair of jeans, and a $200 black T-shirt but they look very basic man. Nobody really noticed what they’re wearing is expensive. It’s just that they show CLASS more than those who are trying hard to be rich.
  5. @JonathanGrant5466: As someone with a middle class background who grew up around and currently lives around the wealthy and upper class, I've noticed that many quietly wealthy individuals drive older (10 to 30 year old) top of the range European executive cars like Mercedes-Benz S-Classes and Land Rover Range Rover HSE. They're often in immaculate condition both cosmetically and mechanically, and they're always clean. Such vehicles aren't cheap to keep in that condition at that age.
  6. @bg6217: The 20 minutes spent on a power bank isn’t about value for money, it’s about buying quality as a proxy for time, the one asset that you can never get back. Dealing with the research once is always better than dealing with a product failure, and then doing the research anyway. It seems dumb for a $30 item, but as a philosophy, it’s an invaluable habit!

Everyone should do this, regardless of wealth. For people without any wealth, the philosophy costs a little more up front, but ultimately saves money by not having to buy everything multiple times until you luck out and get quality.
  7. @awakespace11: Oh my god. I am wealthy
  8. @edwardboers1993: if you're like me and you are a professional mechanic, you can buy a 20-year-old car with 200,000 mi and still get 10 years out of it
  9. @King_arthurs_69: as a rich guy, i drive a 07 sonota, use iphone 15, and buy clothes at kohls clearance rack. most of my money is in stocks. i only have like 5k right now in my checking account. rich stay rich by acting poor
  10. @damocles8417: Level 3 is Forrest Gump because he cut that grass for free.
  11. @THEL0NEARRANGER: You nailed it on the end of this Video. I have always cut my own grass and reviewed my finances while doing it. I always told people that ask why don't you hire someone to cut your lawn. I laugh and always ask them, "Why would should I pay someone to cut my lawn and have to pay for a gym membership?" That make no sense to me. At age 29 I paid cash for our first and only home (like Buffett).
  12. @MarkInvestsUSA: Sounds like a fun topic to explore!
  13. @kekefefe8331: No I make my own coffee. Starbucks are waste of money.
  14. @PandaLead3: Old wealth knows to hide what they have. Nobody needs to know that you're rich and your life is much better as an anon.
  15. @lxatoledo: Hilarious.  #5 I put off a helmet goggle purchase for years. (65-100$). This week...Stock hits a # and in 24 hours I spend a few 100k to pay off a property without much drama or research.
  16. @AmaraExplainsMoney: Some people really know how to hide it!
  17. @robmirich3281: A rich guy with a roof replacement costing $15k? That is a deal I want and we are broke.

I would like the numbers this AI guy is talking about.
  18. @Spanky-xu9di: I am worth about 17m, and am comfortable.  Not sure if it’s considered rich or not, as there are thousands of definitions.   I pretty much live a normal life, and at 65, still work a full time job.  I am starting to get sick of it, so may retire soon.  Money has just removed a lot of stress from my life, but really hasn’t changed my standard of living much.   My goal in life was to be happy, not rich.
  19. @Chris-kf3xd: Wealthy for me is not having to think about money all the time. House paid for cars paid for and if we want to travel we go where we want when we want.
  20. @spearfisherman308: The only designer things I buy, I buy them for my hobby not to use every day so my costa sunglasses I use for sight fishing and they are clearer than cheap sunglasses but your average person wanting to appear wealthy will just waste money on them to look cool.

- 18 Wealth Lessons From The Psychology of Money: Kind: captions Language: en I've read a lot of personal finance books but none goes into how we think and behave around money better than this book the psychology of money by Morgan housel so in today's video let me share with you the 18 wealth lessons from this amazing Book lesson number one recognize that when it comes to our money no one is crazy we easily judge people based on their worldview or where they decide to invest their money we judge someone who is putting all their money into gold as someone who is still living in the 16th century we judge someone putting all their money in nfts as someone living in a fantasy world and we judge someone putting all their money in vtsax as someone void of a personality however every decision people make with money is justified by taking the information they have at the moment and plugging it into their unique mental model or how the world works both my parents were born during the Korean War and they spent most of their adult lives in a war-torn country that was trying to rebuild theirself so they have a certain worldview based on their experience food isn't something you throw away because you never know where your next meal will come from you work when you can and then whatever job is available because freedom to choose your work is a fantasy and the stock market sounds like a scam because frankly where they grew up the stock market didn't exist so let's be careful before we judge I might think investing all my money in a low-cost broad market index fund is safe but someone else might see that as being crazy we all make decisions based on our own unique experiences and world view let's first seek to listen and understand before we jump to judgment number two wealth lesson understand luck and risk when it comes to wealth building whereas I like to think we have no idea how luck and risk will play into building our future the line between inspiringly bold and foolishly Reckless can be a millimeter thick and only visible with hindsight we live in a world of extremes we praise Mark Zuckerberg for having turned on Yahoo's 2006 one billion dollar offer to buy his company what a genius he saw the future and took bold risks that ultimately paid out however in the same sentence we criticized Yahoo for having turned down a big buyout offer from Microsoft what a bunch of fools didn't they know what a great deal Microsoft was offering but the truth is that we honestly don't know depending on how Facebook and Yahoo's future Panda are opinions their approach to these by out offers could be completely different we can never know what is luck and what is skill so therefore take a conservative approach with money arrange your financial life in a way so that not one bad investment or a misfinancial goal can wipe you out hold a good amount of reserving cash diversify your investment and keep your household expenses low number three wealth lesson recognize the power of enough or better yet the danger of not knowing are enough when it comes to Growing our net worth we tend to attribute high value to technical knowledge such as investing tax planning and financial forecasting however the hardest Financial skill is getting the goal post to stop moving is so human nature I was so happy with my brand new Civic that is until I saw my neighbor drive up in a brand new Tesla I was overjoyed by my 2000 year-end bonus that is until I found out my colleague received a three thousand dollar bonus when you have no sense of your enough you will spend your life constantly chasing a moving goal post a life never fulfilled because the ceiling of social comparison is assuming that no one will ever hit so identify you enough by knowing what is most important to you not what is important for your neighbor or your co-worker identify what level wealth is enough for you and stick to that number number four wealth lesson recognize the ridiculous power of compounding Albert Einstein said it best compound interest is the most powerful force in the universe Warren Buffett's net worth is well over 100 billion dollars at the time of this video however what many people have a hard time comprehending is the fact that 99 of Warren Buffett's net worth was earned after his 50th birthday in 1986 when he was 56 years old Warren Buffett became a billionaire Warren Buffett by any major comparison is a phenomenal investor however it wouldn't do justice to compound interest if we attributed all his success to his stock picking abilities alone because the real Secret Sauce to his success is actually time the fact that he's been a great investor for three quarters of a century the main takeaway is this don't try to find winning stocks good investing isn't all about earning the highest returns because High returns most often can be attributed to luck as we mentioned earlier it's hard to tell if it's based on someone's phenomenal skill or if they're just lucky so aim to earn okay returns for a long period of time leverage the most powerful force in the universe compound interest to your benefit number five wealth lesson recognize that there is a clear distinction between getting rich and staying Rich it's easy to bucket the skills required to making money and keeping that money as the same skills however they're completely different Mike Tyson was excellent at making money at the peak of his career Mike Tyson could command 30 million payout for each of his fight however due to his lavish lifestyle he filed for bankruptcy in 2003 with 27 million dollars in debt as good as Mike Tyson was in the boxing ring and then making ridiculous amount of money he really sucked at keeping his money Tyson once built a mega mansion in the dreams in Connecticut and an iconic feature of this home was a 2.2 million dollar bathtub made of pure gold he also once owned three Bengal tigers named Kenya storm and Boris spending two hundred thousand dollars in annual food budget alone making money takes risks risks such as trusting the stock market to grow our net worth however keeping our money requires the opposite of taking risks humility and fear that what we've made can be taken away from us in a blink of an eye number six wealth lesson understand the tale follow the average what do we mean by the tale we're referring to the furthest end of a distribution curve it's easy to assume that all events have an equal impact upon the market and the economy however the reality is that all impacts aren't distributed equally most often a small number of events account for the majority of the outcome take a look at the stock market when we see the amazing growth of the market over the past 50 or 100 years we might think that all the companies contributed equally to its growth however when we look deeper most of the companies in the index were effectively failures most recently companies like apple and Amazon were what's true of the S P 500 or the total stock market to its positive returns everyone else losers the key takeaway here is not to say that we should actually try to identify these Tales because that is impossible to do especially for average investors like uni rather the point of tales highlights the importance of following the average a good definition of an investing genius is the man or woman who can do the average things when all those around them are going crazy Tales Drive everything number seven wealth lesson and this is my personal favorite and that is to recognize that of all the things that you can buy with money time and therefore freedom is the greatest purchase the highest form of wealth is the ability to wake up every morning and say I can do whatever I want today for me this is very personal because I spent a good 20 years of my professional life in some form of institution whether in the military a school or company at the time it was hard to wrap my head around the value of ultimate freedom because I've never truly experienced it but studies and my personal experience has made me a Believer happiness is a complicated subject because everyone's different but if there's a common denominator in happiness a universal fuel of Joy it's that people want to control their lives if you have the means to buy back time buy back Freedom even if it's a small sliver of complete Freedom it'll provide you the best return for your money number eight while fussing very straightforward no one is impressed by your car when you see someone driving a nice car you rarely think wow the guy driving the car is cool instead you think wow if I had that car people would think I'm cool subconscious or not this is how people think so if you like nice cars try one because you want to not to impress someone else number nine wealth lesson real wealth is most often hidden we naturally judge people's wealth by oec because that's all the information we have to go off on they aren't going to show us their bank account or investment Holdings so we can only make inferences based on outward appearances how fancy is their car how big is their home how lavish was their last overseas vacation however this is the worst way to truly gauge someone's wealth modern capitalism makes helping people fake it until they make it a cherished industry the honest truth is that any one of us with a decent credit score can look rich if we wanted to we can finance a new Lamborghini we can take out a two million dollar mortgage for a mansion and we can put that fancy trip to Greece on a credit card but true wealth is actually what we don't see because wealth is actually built when we don't spend the money not buying that nice car or the large Mansion or taking that overpriced first-class flight so next time you see someone with a lot of nice rich things don't be impressed the world is filled with people who may look poor but actually wealthy and people who look rich but are actually living on borrowed credit number 10 wealth lesson if you want to Achieve Financial Independence you must learn to save money this is more important than your investment returns your income or your ridiculous good looks wealth is just accumulated leftovers after you spend what you take in and since you can build wealth without a high income but you have no chance of Building Wealth without a high savings rate it's clear which one matters more when it comes to money we get so enamored with the sexiest tools investment vehicles and get rich schemes but Building Wealth is very simple spend less than you earn and save money so care less about what others think of you lower your ego save more and build real wealth number 11 wealth lesson when it comes to managing your money don't try to be a perfectly rational spreadsheet just be reasonable enough reasonable is more realistic and you have a better chance of sticking with it for the long run which is what matters when managing your money when we think of money and numbers we automatically think we need to become a spreadsheet meticulously calculating the pros and cons of every purchase dilemma and arriving at the most ideal decision however we're humans not computers to set the expectation that we should behave like one is just setting ourselves up for failure so accept reasonable accept our social beings so we don't need to aim for spreadsheet level Perfection with every financial decision if you can do reasonable enough consistently over a long period of time you will win with money number 12 wealth lesson recognize that the world is surprising we often use history to predict the future but the biggest lesson that history should teach us is that the future is not predictable we have no idea what will happen next it is smart to have a deep appreciation for economic and investing history history helps us to calibrate our expectations study where people tend to go wrong and offers a Rough Guide for what tends to work but it is not in any way a map of the future history is good for General takeaways General understanding of greed and fear how people behave under stress and how people respond to incentives but be wary when someone tries to use specific historical Trends Industries or Market movements to explain what is happening today the economic and political landscape of yesterday is completely different from today and it will be even more so tomorrow take the general lessons but be wary whenever someone gets too specific number 13 wealth lesson always make room for error a margin of safety or a buffer room no plan will ever go according to the original plan in World War II's Battle of Stalingrad the largest battle in the world history there was a point in the battle where the desperately needed German tanks failed to function properly where they wore now from all the fighting were they too damaged from the last engagement no it was actually the mice few of the mice that had nested inside the tanks had eaten away all the insulation covering the electrical system making them inoperable the Germans went into battle with one of the most sophisticated equipment in the world at the time yet they were defeated by something no one could have ever expected mice the honest truth is that despite how ridiculous such stories sound things like this happen all the time so the good rule of thumb is to expect the unexpected and always make room for error when it comes to my finances my favorite margin of safety is to hold cash at least three to six months in an easily accessible checking or savings account I personally favor 12 months Bill Gates said this when Microsoft was a young company I wanted to have enough money in the bank to pay a Year's worth of payroll even if we didn't get any payments coming in even at the early stage of the company Bill Gates knew he needed a margin of safety to make his dream come true number 14 wealth lesson or actually this is more of a life lesson recognize that you will change or as I like to say You must change this reminds me of what a marriage counselor once said a couple in their 40s went into a therapy session and the wife was complaining to the counselor how her husband was no longer the same man she married 20 years ago the fire was gone it was a lot more reserved now not as spontaneous as when they first started dating do you know what the marriage counselor said well good I really hope he's not the same guy you married 20 years ago do you still want to be married to a 20 year old college student when it comes to planning our financial future we oftentimes approach it with the Precision that we'll know exactly what our future selves will want but the truth is that we will change we have to change I may be completely okay wearing the same shirt right now but who knows when I'm 15. I might have a fashion Eureka moment and might want a bigger closed budget therefore we should avoid the extreme ends of financial planning assuming you'll be happy with the very low income or choosing to work endless hours in pursuit of high one increases the odds that you'll one day find yourself at a point of regret number 50 Teen Wolf lesson recognize that when it comes to investment returns even the ones that follow the market nothing is free I advocate heavily for Index Fund investing a simple low-cost and most effective for average investors like you and I so it's easy to assume that there is no cost to this way of investing however there is it may not be in dollars and cents but in motion markets don't move in the way we want it spikes up and spikes down at a moment's notice you watch the stock market long enough you'll go through all stages of emotion Joy fear excitement doubt and regret you name it you'll experience them all this is because even if you have Steel in your blood veins very few investors have the ability to say I'm actually fine if I lose 20 of my money this is even more true for new investors who have never experienced a 20 or even a 10 decline ever before but except that this is the price we have to pay if we want to reap the benefit of investing in the market and build wealth in the long run if we can accept that market volatility is the fee we have to pay to invest in the market we can stick around long enough for investing games to really work for us number 16 wealth lesson I identify what specific money game you're playing it's easy to assume that when we're talking about money and Building Wealth we're all pursuing the same goal playing the same game ultimately to get rich however when we unpeel the layers what we'll often find is that there is a great deal of variability to what Rich looks like for each person for one person it may be having a comfortable middle class retirement when they turn 60. for another person it might mean being able to live in a 16 room mansion and fly in a private jet every weekend therefore the money strategy or the money game that each individual is playing is and has to be completely different the 60 year old retiree will be fine saving 20 percent of their income in a low-cost Index Fund however the aspiring private jet passenger must take greater risks either starting their own business or investing in very risky assets so be worth taking Financial cues from people playing a different game than you are understand what money game you want to play and adhere to advice from individuals that are in the same game as you number 17 wealth lesson Embrace optimism people naturally gravitate towards pessimism it's more captivating and frankly more plausible tell some one that everything will be great and they're likely to either shrug you off or offer a skeptical eye however tell someone that they're in danger and you have their undivided attention what do you think we have so many Doom and Gloom news and content out there no news coverage is about how good times are ahead rather they're all about how we're at the brink of a new Great Depression or another worldwide Financial catastrophe but optimism is what will enable us to take Smart Financial risks and build wealth if we believed everything in the news and truly believe that the world was going to end tomorrow there's no way we would put a penny into the stock market but the fact is that the stock market has gone up 17 000 fools in the last century it's easier to create a narrative around pessimism because the story pieces tend to be fresher and more recent optimistic narratives require looking at a long stretch of history and development which people tend to forget and take more effort to piece together embracing pessimism is easy but don't choose an easy path Embrace optimism number 18 wealth lesson be okay with knowing we don't know I have not met an investor who genuinely thinks Market forecasts as a whole are accurate or useful but there's still tremendous demand for forecast in both media and from financial advisors why does this happen it's because we all want the complicated world that we live in to make sense and forecasts are stories that help to fill that blind spot psychologist Philip tedlock once wrote we need to believe we live in a predictable controllable world so we turn to authoritative sounding people who promise to satisfy that need but we must be careful we must come to terms with accepting that we really don't know no one really knows the future this also means accepting much of what happens in the world is out of our control this could be a hard pill to swallow but the sooner we accept it sooner we can make financial decisions that can leverage this fact why hold a lot of cash because we don't know what calamity is right around the corner why live way below our means because we don't know what could happen to our income tomorrow why invest in a broad market index fund because we have no control over a single individual company or even a group of companies follow the market don't try to beat it sooner we accept the fact that there is more we don't know than we know sooner we can make financially smart decisions thank you guys for watching and this Spirit of making smart decisions if you'd like to learn 12 of my favorite non-money books that changed my life please check out my video here until next time all the best foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ЕсенияДавыдов [1100 likes]: The idea behind the ebook The Wealth Glitch: Cracking the Money Code really blew my mind. It’s like stumbling upon a hidden shortcut to financial abundance.
  2. @АртемОрлов-о9й [6 likes]: I’ve spent years chasing more money, always moving the goalpost and never feeling like it was enough. That mindset left me stressed and constantly comparing myself to others. This video really helped me slow down and rethink what “enough” means for me and my family. It’s a reminder that financial peace matters more than endless chasing.
  3. @Jacob99174 [2 likes]: Always trust an Asian when it comes to numbers!!!
👍🏿
  4. @PartnerToWealth [1 likes]: Most results people call luck are just alignment playing out over time.
  5. @CecileH730: It's how you feel when you drive that car.
  6. @CecileH730: I'm scared to withdraw any amount..................... it's time.
  7. @toology55: Yahoo actually reduced their offer and that's the reason why Facebook board decided not to sell.
  8. @BigTimeHSMfan: ❤️💙💛💚🧡
  9. @Mileko-fv5pb: I am reading this book now. And it has really hit home for me and my habits. I am slowly getting better
  10. @SkRahan-j3m: A friend of mine renounced his citizenship and now lives on a yacht with no traceable income, no debt, and no liabilities. I asked him what started that journey and he said, “A book. The Silent Laws of Cash Power by Cameron Solan.” He was right. That book flipped everything I knew upside down. It’s not for beginners. It’s for people who are done playing the game by the rules they were handed.
  11. @A_K_M_15: I used to think wealth was about stacking assets. Then someone handed me The Silent Laws of Cash Power by Cameron Solan and said, “No- it’s about subtracting risk.” That book made me realize: income is loud, but power is silent. It’s not motivational. It’s surgical. After reading it, I stopped chasing money and started positioning myself to never need to.
  12. @Cheryl-t4d2l: Gave up on the book around chapter 9.  Found reading the chapter titles the only clarity to be had.  The main texts of each chapter were bloat.  Don't know what all the fuss is about on this one... seriously disappointed. Just Needed to express a dissenting viewpoint. Thanks.
  13. @advisorsandy2068: Yahoo may have game-changing strategies; their still in the game baby!
  14. @dadbod146: COMPOUND INTEREST IS THE GAME TO PLAY BABY I GOTTA START ALSO IVE BEEN PROCRASTINATING BUT I WATCH PPL GET RICH ITS CRAy
  15. @龍詩涵華: Why is noone else talking about the book The Wealth Glitch: Cracking the Money Code? No wonder people are struggling financially...
  16. @สุจุฬาวรรณปลอดจินดา: The fact that nobody talks about the book The Wealth Glitch: Cracking the Money Code, speaks volumes why people dont earn a lot of money...
  17. @АгнияАвдееваав: Seriously, why is no one discussing 'The Wealth Glitch: Cracking the Money Code'? This forbidden ebook is a goldmine of knowledge that can change your life.
  18. @สุชมพูมากกลาย: It’s kinda wild how people are only scratching the surface and don’t take the time to read The Wealth Glitch: Cracking the Money Code. Get out of the rabbit hole.
  19. @AdelerSpiller: Find the book titled The Wealth Glitch: Cracking the Money Code. Whoever finds this book will have an unfair advantage over other people. You’ll thank me later
  20. @НеллиАвдеев: Anyone else here obsessed with The Wealth Glitch: Cracking the Money Code? It’s like discovering a secret treasure map for wealth!

- Decoding Old Money Manners: The Psychology of Tradition and Class in Wealthy Circles: Kind: captions Language: en Diana vand once said the only real Elegance is in the mind if you've got that the rest really comes from it have you ever wondered what sets the old money Elite apart from the rest of us Beyond The Wealth Beyond the Grand Estates and luxurious Lifestyles there lies a set of principles and manners that have been passed down through generations today we delve into the fascinating world of old money manners and the psychology behind them the foundation of old money manners let's start by asking a simple question what is the essence of old money manners at its core old money etiquette is about respect respect for tradition for others and for oneself it's a way of life that emphasizes humility discretion and an understated Elegance imagine growing up in a household where every action from the way you greet guests to the way you set a table is a reflection of your family's values and Legacy but there's more to it than just polite gestures and proper behavior old money manners are deeply rooted in a sense of responsibility and stewardship these families believe they are the guardians of their Heritage and wealth charged with the duty of preserving it for future Generations this mindset is instilled from a young age where children are not only taught the how but also the why behind their actions for example when a child learns to greet a guest they are taught to look them in the eye and offer a firm handshake but beyond the physical act they are taught to understand that this gesture signifies respect and recognition of the other person's dignity it's about making the other person feel valued and welcomed old money manners also extend to how One conducts oneself in conversation in these families it's common for children to be included in adult discussions not just as passive listeners but as active participants this inclusion teaches them the importance of articulate speech attentive listening and the value of diverse perspectives they learn that their voice matters but so does the voice of every person in the room the next time you find yourself in a situation where maners matter think about the deeper principles at play it's not just about what you do but why you do it old money manners teach us that every action no matter how small can reflect a lifetime of values and traditions and in understanding this we can all bring a touch of Timeless Elegance into our everyday lives discretion have you ever noticed how old money families rarely flaunt their wealth there's a fascinating psychological aspect to this discretion for them wealth is A Private Matter something to be guarded and respected rather than displayed this mindset stems from a dee rooted belief in stability and security by keeping their fortunes lowkey they avoid unnecessary attention and potential Envy this sense of discretion extends to all aspects of their lives in conversations old money individuals often listen more than they speak valuing thoughtful dialogue over brash opinions they understand that true influence comes from quiet confidence not from boasting or Showmanship think about the last time you were in a social setting who made a lasting impression often it's the person who spoke with intention and listened with genuine interest another important aspect of discretion is knowing when to share and when to withhold information old money manners teach the art of selective sharing revealing just enough to be engaging but never oversharing this approach not only protects their privacy but also creates an air of intrigue next time you're in a conversation try to be mindful of what you share aim to be interesting without divulging too much personal information you'll find that people are drawn to your mystery and respect your boundaries discretion also extends to lifestyle choices old money indiv individuals often prefer quality over quantity this philosophy can be applied to various aspects of life from Fashion to friendships by focusing on fewer high quality items and relationships you can create a life that is rich in meaning and satisfaction think about your own life are there areas where you could prioritize quality over quantity this shift in mindset can lead to a more fulfilling and elegant way of living how can you apply the psychology of discretion to your daily life start by being mindful of your words and actions choose quality over quantity in all aspects of life and embrace the power of Mystery by practicing these principles you can cultivate a sense of Elegance and sophistication that goes beyond material wealth remember true influence comes from quiet confidence and thoughtful actions in a world that often values flash over substance the psychology of discretion offers a Timeless approach to living with Grace and integrity manners in Social settings imagine attending a grand ball or a charity event old money etiquette dictates that one should always be gracious and composed introductions are made with a firm handshake and a warm smile maintaining eye contact to convey sincerity ity when engaging in conversation the focus is on making others feel comfortable and valued old money manners emphasize the importance of making others feel at ease this means practicing active listening and showing genuine interest in the person you're speaking with it's not just about hearing words but understanding and responding thoughtfully next time you're at a social Gathering try focusing entirely on the speaker notice how this simple Act of attention can transform the interaction making it more meaningful and engaging in addition to active listening old money individuals are masters of polite conversation they avoid controversial topics and steer clear of Gossip preferring instead to discuss subjects that are uplifting and inclusive think about the last time you were in a social setting were the conversations enriching or did they leave you feeling drained by choosing topics that are positive and inclusive you can create a more pleasant atmosphere for everyone involved body language also plays a crucial role in Social settings old money etiquette teaches the importance of maintaining good posture making eye contact and using gestures that are open and welcoming when you stand tall and exude confidence you not only feel more assured but also make others feel comfortable in your presence practice these subtle cues next time you're in a social setting and observe the positive impact they have on your interactions by practicing these old money manners you not only enhance your own social skills but also contribute to creating an environment of mutual respect and genuine connection these principles are not just for the elite they are Universal values that can enrich our everyday interactions and bring a touch of Timeless Elegance to our lives the role of tradition tradition plays a significant role in shaping old money manners these families uphold rituals and Customs that have been passed down for Generations whether it's hosting an annual family gathering or celebrating holidays with specific ceremonies these Traditions create a sense of continuity and identity they are a reminder of where they came from and the values that Define them but tradition is not just about maintaining the path it's also about adapting to the present while preserving core values old money families understand that while the world changes the principles of respect humility and integrity remain Timeless this balance between tradition and modernity is what allows them to navigate the complexities of contemporary life without losing their Essence take for instance the tradition of Storytelling in many old money families evening are spent sharing stories from the past recounting family history and passing down Lessons Learned this practice not only strengthens family bonds but also imparts wisdom to the younger generation imagine sitting with your loved ones hearing Tales of perseverance honor and Triumph and realizing that you are part of a larger narrative family meals are another Cornerstone of tradition regularly gathering for meals reinforces the importance of family unity and provides a platform for open communication these meals are more than just about eating together they are opportunities to discuss debate and connect think about incorporating regular family dinners into your routine it can be as simple as a Sunday dinner where everyone gathers to share their experiences and plans heirlooms and family artifacts also play a crucial role in preserving tradition these are items whether they are pieces of jewelry furniture or even simple everyday objects carry stories and memories passing them down through generations keeps family history alive think about the items in your own family that hold sentimental value sharing the stories behind them can create a deeper connection to your heritage and a greater appreciation for the past finally personal Traditions whether it's reading a book by the fireplace playing classical music or engaging in a craft also contribute to the old money way of life these activities forer a sense of calm reflection and self-improvement by cultivating personal Traditions you can create moments of peace and joy in your daily life think about what activities bring you Joy and make them a regular part of your routine Traditions both big and small shape the fabric of old money families they provide a sense of identity continuity and Purpose By embracing and adapting these traditions in your own life you can create a richer more meaningful existence after all true Elegance is not just about what we have but how we cherish and uphold the values that Define us education and upbringing education and upbringing are crucial in cultivating old money manners from prestigious schools to exclusive finishing programs these families invest heavily in education it's not just about academic Excellence but also about instilling a sense of responsibility leadership and ethical conduct these institutions teach more than just knowledge they shape character and prepare individuals to uphold their family's Legacy picture a young Heir attending a renowned private school surrounded by peers who will become become Future Leaders in these environments the curriculum extends far beyond textbooks students learn the importance of diplomacy through debate clubs the value of teamwork on Sports fields and the nuances of cultural appreciation through Arts programs these experiences cultivate a well-rounded individual who is not only knowledgeable but also socially Adept at home the upbringing continues parents and grandparents serve as Role Models demonstrating proper conduct in every situation family discussions often revolve around history culture and the importance of contributing to society this holistic approach ensures that old money individuals are well-rounded cultured and equipped to navigate the world with Grace and confidence beyond the confines of home and school cultural exposure plays a significant role old money families often attend cultural events together such as the Opera ballet or art exhibitions these outings are not just about Leisure they are educational experiences that enrich the mind and soul they teach appreciation for the Finer Things in life and instill a sense of responsibility to preserve and support the Arts reading is highly encouraged as a lifelong habit classic literature historical biographies and philosophical texts are Staples in old money households through Reading individuals gain insights into different eras cultures and viewpoints broadening their understanding of the world this habit of continuous learning forers intellectual curiosity and critical thinking qualities that are highly valued the influence of education and upbringing in old money families is profound and far-reaching it's a continuous process that blends tradition with modernity ensuring that each generation is well prepared to uphold the family's Legacy these principles can be applied in Daily Life by anyone regardless of background prioritize education cultivate good manners and always strive to improve yourself the benefits are Timeless and invaluable it's clear that these principles go Beyond Simple Rules of etiquette they represent a way of life that values respect humility and continuity in a world that often prioritizes instant gratification and Showmanship the Timeless appeal of old money manners offers a refreshing perspective it's a reminder that true Elegance comes from within and that the most valuable legacies are built on a foundation of integrity and respect thank you for joining us on this journey through the refined world of old money manners don't forget to like And subscribe for more insight into the Timeless Traditions that shape our world stay tuned for more captivating content from Timeless lineage remember true wealth lies not just in what we have but in how we carry ourselves

  Top Comments:
  1. @OptimisticSatellite-zn1yn [8 likes]: This Is NOT Something Aquired You Are RAISED With These Manners 😊
  2. @potatoplebbyplayz_gachalif2517 [4 likes]: Your background music is very loud. It’s disturbing an audience listening quality.
  3. @RobertBlack-p3m [2 likes]: I think you guys did a pretty good job on this video. Both the subject mater and general presentation (despite a few visual glitches) are better than other similar presentations elsewhere. Thank you.
  4. @rdebrett1094 [2 likes]: Excellent content. Thank you so much. Xxx❤❤❤
  5. @RegmoX [1 likes]: All this is really great but one big problem with being friends with old money people is you are not allowed to ask them what they do for a living.
  6. @ssmdffs [1 likes]: It's all about living life with purpose focused on Quality = Beauty (in all aspects) = Divinity (the non-superstitious kind) and the creation of such in all realms in accordance with the best of the Natural Law that is engrained into our instincts. The way to achieve this is to focus on endorphins rather than dopamine. Oxytocin gives it a glow as well, but endorphins are the core.
  7. @AnitaClark-o1c [1 likes]: ❤
  8. @007-w15 [1 likes]: Thanks for a reminder!🎗️🫡👍
  9. @vania698 [1 likes]: Thank you
  10. @Thethreeboy [1 likes]: Honestly, it breaks my heart how Manifest the Unseen by Luna Rivers isn’t getting the attention it deserves. This book changed me. People need to wake up to this.
  11. @sagilividya7620 [1 likes]: i'm BEGGING anyone who's even slightly lost in life to read Manifest the Unseen by Luna Rivers. i'm not kidding when i say it cracked me open in the best way. i'm crying and healing and evolving all at once ❤
  12. @Rizathecat-h1v: I can't concentrate on listening because music is too loud.
  13. @stoicthink: its definetly good content but the background music is too loud and interupts your listening experience
  14. @kennethmarburger9747: Bring these habits down to the middle class. Where there r more people. We r in dire need of this lifestyle to bring back civility to our cultures. Eating at a well set and pretty table. Instead of wolfing down a hoagie in the living room in front of a TV.
  15. @Jennifer-i6g6v: One never sees “old money.” That’s intentional, they don’t want their “culture” infiltrated and taken over by current social  trends.
  16. @deannakamal: U bushuks
  17. @christopherthrawn1333: Excellent work here
  18. @AnitaClark-o1c: Ok Darwin
  19. @AnitaClark-o1c: Did you know her under garments were nu?
  20. @AnitaClark-o1c: Principled and mannered there is no way Old Stacks Discretion understated Elegance. Princeton Police. In the Name I still pinch myself no you didnt know that person Did you know who they were? Exactly

- The Psychology of Rich People Who Act Broke: How This Builds Fortunes!: Kind: captions Language: en Picture this. It is Saturday morning at a gas station in suburban Omaha. A man in his 70s pulls up in a 20-year-old sedan. The paint is faded. The bumper has a small dent. He fills the tank, pays in cash, and drives away. You would never guess this man is worth over $100 billion. His name is Warren Buffett, and he could buy that entire gas station with pocket change. Yet here he is driving a car that most people would have traded in a decade ago wearing a suit from three years back about to grab breakfast at McDonald's for $3.17. [music] This is not poverty. This is not even frugality in the traditional sense. This is calculated [music] invisibility and it is how the truly wealthy stay wealthy. The rich who act broke are not playing a game of humility. They are playing a completely different game than everyone else. While you are upgrading your car to [music] match your promotion, they are driving the same Honda for 15 years. While you are buying designer clothes to signal success, they are wearing the same gray t-shirt every single day. And the gap between your net worth and theirs [music] grows wider every single month. Today, we are going to dissect the psychology behind this phenomenon. We are going to look at the numbers that prove why acting rich keeps you poor [music] and acting broke builds generational wealth. And we are going to talk about why this makes so many people deeply, viscerally uncomfortable. Because the millionaire next door does not want you to know they are a millionaire. And there is a reason for that. Let me introduce you to a character I call the invisible millionaire. You have met this person. You just did not know it. They are the guy in your office who brown bags lunch every day while you hit the beastro across the street for $15. They are the woman driving a 10-year-old Camry in the parking lot full of leased BMWs. They are the couple who politely declined the group vacation to Tulum because they would rather stay home. You think they cannot afford it? You might even pity them. Meanwhile, their net worth is seven figures and climbing. Research from Fidelity Investments found that 86% of millionaires describe themselves as disciplined and frugal, not extravagant, not flashy, frugal. 60% live in homes worth less than $500,000. 93% use coupons when they shop and are not embarrassed about it. The average millionaire spends $412 per month on groceries. The average non-millionaire American family spends $647. That is 57% more. Think about that. The people with [music] the money spend less. The people without the money spend more. This is not an accident. This is the entire game. The invisible millionaire understands something fundamental about wealth. Wealth is not what you show. Wealth is what you keep. Every dollar you spend proving you are successful is a dollar that cannot compound into actual [music] success. And here is where it gets uncomfortable. When you see someone living below their means, your brain does not compute wealth. Your brain computes failure. Because we have been socially conditioned to equate consumption with status and status with success. The invisible millionaire triggers cognitive [music] dissonance. They are winning a game you did not even know existed while you are still trying to keep up with the Joneses. and the Joneses are bankrupt. There is a reason this bothers you so much. It is called hedonic adaptation and it is ruining your financial life. Here is how it works. You get a raise. You feel amazing for about 3 weeks. Then your brain resets to baseline happiness. The new salary is the new normal. So you upgrade your lifestyle to feel that dopamine hit again. Nicer apartment, better car, expensive dinners. Your happiness returns to baseline. Your expenses stay elevated. You are now on what psychologists call the hydonic treadmill. You keep running faster, spending more, and you never get ahead because the finish line moves with you. Research shows that after positive events, people return to a relatively stable level of happiness. [music] The new car thrill dies. The bigger house becomes just your house. The luxury vacation becomes a memory. And then you need another one. The truly wealthy break this cycle. They do not get on the treadmill in the first place. Warren Buffett has been eating McDonald's for breakfast for 40 years. Do you think he stopped enjoying it? No. He never upgraded his expectations, so he never needed to chase elevated experiences. His dopamine baseline stayed low. Mark Zuckerberg wears the same outfit everyday. When asked why, he said he wants to minimize trivial decisions to preserve mental energy for important matters. Translation: He removed the psychological need to signal status through clothing, which removed the expense and the anxiety that comes with it. Ingvar Comprad, founder of IKEA, was worth nearly $60 billion when he died. He flew economy class. He stayed in budget hotels. He bought his clothes at flea markets. When someone asked him why, he said, "I am stingy and proud of it." These are not eccentrics. These are people who understand the neuroscience of desire. Dopamine neurons in your brain fire not just when you get something good but when something exceeds your expectations. If you keep your expectations low, small pleasures stay pleasurable. If you inflate your expectations, you need [music] everinccreasing stimulation just to feel normal. You are not spending money on things. You are spending money chasing a neurological set point that rises every time you feed it. And the house always wins. Let us talk about the math because the math does not lie. The top 1% of earners save 38% of their income. The top 10% save roughly 12%. The bottom 90% 4% 38 versus 4. That is not a rounding error. That is a completely different financial operating system. Here is what that looks [music] like over 30 years. Person A earns $100,000 per year and saves 38%. That is 38,000 per year. invested at an average 8% return, they accumulate over $4.3 million. Person B earns $100,000 per year and saves 4%. That is 4,000 per year. Same return, they accumulate $458,000. Same income, different savings rate, nine times the wealth. This is the invisible massacre happening in plain sight. People with identical salaries [music] end up in completely different financial universes because one group acts broke and the other acts rich. But here is the really brutal part. Acting rich does not just cost you the money you spend. It costs you the compound growth on that money. Let us say you buy a luxury car $50,000. You could have invested that money instead. At 8% over 30 years that $50,000 becomes $53,000. You did not spend $50,000 on a car. You spent half a million dollars of future wealth and that car is worth $8,000 now. The average new car loses 20% of its value in the first year. Luxury cars lose even more. A BMW X5 depreciates 69% in 5 years. A Mercedes DLE drops 63%. A Cadillac Les 88%. You are not buying a status [music] symbol. You are buying a depreciating liability that drains your net worth every single month while generating zero return. The truly wealthy understand opportunity [music] cost. Every dollar has a job. That job is either to make more dollars or to provide genuine utility. Signaling status does neither. And yet the middle class is hemorrhaging wealth on exactly this. The average middle class household has $66,000 saved for retirement. Millionaires, they have multiple income streams, diversified investments, and they got there not by earning more, but by spending deliberately less. 79% of millionaires never received an inheritance. Only 31% ever made six figures in a single year. 93% say they got wealthy through hard work, not big salaries. Translation: They outsaved you. They out compounded you. They stayed invisible while you stayed [music] broke trying to look rich. Now let us talk about the modern amplifiers of this problem. Social media has turned financial performance into [music] a blood sport. Your Instagram feed is not reality. It is a highlight reel of people drowning in debt pretending to be wealthy. The influencer with the Lamborghini least the luxury vacation sponsored the designer wardrobe affiliate links and credit card debt. We are living in the age of manufactured opulence. Everyone is performing wealth. Almost no one has it. A study on consumer spending found that people get caught in an addictive cycle spending everinccreasing amounts of money in search of ever declining rewards. Like drug addicts, you need more and more stimulus to get the same high. And social media gives you the perfect drug dealer. Every scroll is a new hit. Every post is someone living better than you. Your brain does not distinguish between real wealth and performed wealth. It just sees the gap and screams at you to close it. So, you buy the bag, you book the trip, you lease the car, you close the gap for one dopamine-fueled moment, and then the feed refreshes and you are behind again. The invisible millionaire does not play this game. They do not post their net worth. They do not signal their success. They understand that wealth whispers and debt [music] shouts. Mark Zuckerberg drives a Honda Fit. It is worth $17,000. He [music] could buy Honda. He chooses the fit because in his words it is safe, comfortable and not ostentatious. That is the key word, not ostentatious. He is not trying to impress you. He already won. He has nothing to prove you. You are still trying to prove something to your co-workers, to your family, to strangers on the internet, and every dollar [music] you spend proving it is a dollar they are investing. The gap widens, the treadmill [music] accelerates, and you wonder why you feel like you are running in place. Let me destroy some myths because these lies are expensive. Myth one, you have to spend money to make money. False. You have to deploy capital intelligently to make money. There is a difference between investing in [music] assets that generate return and buying liabilities that generate status. One builds wealth, the other incinerates it. Warren Buffett started with zero. He did not spend his way to success. He saved, invested, and compounded. His first car cost $350. His [music] house cost $31,500 in 1958. He still lives there. He did not need the mansion. He needed the capital. Myth two. Rich people deserve to spend lavishly. This is the justification [music] trap. You worked hard. You earned this. You deserve the reward. Except the truly wealthy do not think in terms of deserving rewards. They think in terms of optimizing [music] outcomes. Spending money you earned is not a reward. It is an expense. The reward is the financial freedom that comes from not needing to spend money to feel successful. Ingvar Comprad was worth $60 billion and he got his haircuts in Vietnam because they were cheaper, not because he was cheap, because he understood that wasting resources on meaningless status signaling was irrational. Myth three, frugality equals deprivation. Wrong. Frugality equals intentionality. [music] The invisible millionaire spends money. They just spend it on things that matter to them personally, not things that matter to other people socially. Warren Buffett could eat at Michelin star restaurants every [music] night. He prefers McDonald's not because he is deprived because he genuinely enjoys it and he does not need the validation of an expensive meal. This is the key distinction. Cheap people deprive themselves to save money. Frugal people spend on what they value and cut ruthlessly on what they do not. The problem is most people spend on what other people value because they have outsourced their identity to social validation. Let me give you the framework the invisible millionaire actually uses. It [music] is called valuebased spending and it is brutally simple. Step one, identify your values. Not what you think you should value, what you actually value. Freedom, time with family, creative pursuits, travel, security. Step two, allocate spending to those values. If you value travel, spend on travel. If you value security, spend on insurance and savings. If you value nothing about luxury cars, stop buying them. Step three, cut everything else. Everything. The subscriptions you do not use, the clothes you do not wear, the dinners you do not remember, the status symbols that impress people you do not like. This is not deprivation. This is clarity. You are not sacrificing. You are optimizing. Warren Buffett values simplicity and intellectual stimulation. He spends on books and spends time thinking. He does not value luxury travel, so he flies commercial. He does not value status cars, so he drives used. He does not value fancy food, so he eats McDonald's. His life is not deprived. His life is aligned. Mark Zuckerberg values impact and time efficiency. He wears the same outfit to eliminate decision fatigue. He drives reliable cars because his time is worth [music] more than choosing between Ferraris. He lives modestly because a bigger house does not increase his happiness or his productivity. Ingvar Comprad valued resourcefulness and sustainability. He flew economy not because he had to, but because wasting resources violated his core identity. He wore flea market clothes because new clothes added zero value to his life. These people are not following a frugality formula. They are living according to their actual values instead of performing for an audience. You want to know the secret? There is no audience. No one is watching. No one cares about your car as much as you [music] think they do. The only person impressed by your lifestyle inflation is you. And you are going broke impressing yourself. Here is where this gets practical. The invisible millionaire operates on a simple system. Pay yourself first. Automate everything. And make frugality invisible. Pay yourself first means your savings and investments come out before you see the money. You do not save what is left. You spend what is left after saving. The top 1% saves 38%. You need to get as close to that as possible. If you are at 4%, do not jump to 38 overnight. Go to 10, then 15, then 20. Increase your savings rate every time you get a raise. Your lifestyle stays flat. Your wealth compounds. Automate everything. Automatic transfers to savings. Automatic investments, automatic bill payments. The more decisions you remove, the fewer opportunities you have to spend impulsively. Make frugality invisible. [music] This is key. You are not trying to feel deprived. You are engineering an environment where frugal choices are the default. Drive the same car for 10 years. It becomes invisible. [music] You stop thinking about it. You stop comparing it. It is just your car. Wear a simple wardrobe. Zuckerberg wears the same shirt every day. You do not have to go that far, but you can build a capsule wardrobe of highquality basics and stop shopping. Live in a modest home. Buffett lives in the same house for 66 years. You do not need to do that either, but you can avoid house poor syndrome by keeping your housing costs below 25% of [music] your income. The goal is to remove friction from frugal choices and add friction to expensive ones. Make saving easy. Make spending hard. Cancel the subscriptions. Delete the shopping apps. Unfollow the influencers. selling you a lifestyle you cannot afford. This is not about willpower. This is about systems. You will not outdisipline a dopamine optimized [music] consumer economy. But you can architect your life so that the path of least resistance leads to wealth instead of debt. Now let us address the uncomfortable truth. There is a dark side to frugality. Frugality can become pathological. You can become so obsessed with saving that you sacrifice relationships, experiences and joy. That is not wealth. That is poverty with a bank account. The line between frugality and miserliness is intention. Frugal people spend on what matters. Misers do not spend at all. If you refuse to take your kids on vacation because you are obsessed with your savings rate, you are not being frugal. You are being cheap. If you destroy friendships because you never pick up a check, you are not being strategic. You are being selfish. Frugality is a tool. It is not an identity. The goal is not to have the highest savings rate. The goal is financial freedom. [music] And financial freedom includes the freedom to spend money on things that genuinely enhance your life. Buffett is frugal with cars and clothes. He is not frugal with philanthropy. He has given away over $60 billion. That is not stinginess. That is values alignment. Zuckerberg lives modestly, but he has spent hundreds of millions on real estate in Hawaii to create a private compound for his family. That is what he values. He cut ruthlessly everywhere else so he could spend extravagantly there. Camprad flew economy and bought flea market clothes. But he built a global empire that employs hundreds of thousands of people. His frugality was not about hoarding money. It was about directing resources toward his mission. The lesson is not to be cheap everywhere. The lesson is to be intentional everywhere. Spend on your values, cut on your vanities, and understand the difference. Let me close with the thing no one wants to hear. You are probably not going to do this. You are going to read this script. You are going to nod along. You are going to think that makes sense. I should save more. And then you are going to see a car commercial [music] or scroll Instagram or walk past a store window and your brain is going to whisper just this once. You deserve it and you will buy it. And the cycle [music] continues because behavior change is hard and our entire economy is engineered to keep you consuming. But here is the thing. The invisible millionaire is not smarter than you. They are not more disciplined. They [music] just made different decisions at different moments. And those decisions compounded over time. You can start today, not tomorrow. Today. Cancel one subscription you do not use. That is $10 a month. $120 a year. Invested at 8% for 30 years. That is $14,500 from 10 bucks a month. Drive your [music] car for two more years instead of trading it in. That is potentially tens of thousands of dollars saved and not spent [music] on depreciation. Cook at home twice a week instead of going out. That is $40 saved. 2,000 per year, 60,000 compounded over 30 years. These are not sexy changes. There is no Instagram post for cooking dinner at home. No one is going to congratulate you for driving a paidoff car. But in [music] 20 years, you are going to be the invisible millionaire in the room and everyone is going to wonder how you did it. You did not earn more than them. You did not get lucky. You did not inherit wealth. [music] You just stopped performing. You stopped proving. You stopped spending money. You did not have to impress people. you did not like. You acted broke while building a fortune. [music] And in a world where everyone is acting rich while going broke, that made all the difference. The choice is yours. You can keep playing the game everyone else is losing. Or you can switch games entirely. The invisible millionaire is not hiding from you. They are hiding in plain sight. The only question is whether you have the courage to join them. Stop paying for momentum. Start building mass.

- Acting Broke Makes You Rich (Wealth Mindset Explained): Kind: captions Language: en You ever wonder why some of the truly wealthiest people you could ever meet look well completely normal? Today, we're going to dig into a really counterintuitive idea that the real secret to building lasting wealth might just be acting like you don't have any at all. Just picture this scene at a Starbucks, right? And listen, this kind of thing happens way more than you'd think. It perfectly captures this upside down world of what wealth looks like today. It's not just a funny story. It's a huge lesson in the difference between looking rich and actually being rich. And that right there, that's the core conflict. Are you playing the game of looking rich, which, let's be honest, is all about spending, or are you playing the game of being rich, which is all about keeping and growing the money you have. The path you choose, well, that changes everything. All right, so here's how we're going to break this down. First, we'll define what this whole stealth wealth thing really is. Then we'll get into the psychological benefits, lay out a practical playbook, and finally talk about the ultimate payoff. So, let's get right to it. What is this concept all about? At its heart, this isn't some complicated financial secret. It really just boils down to some super simple math. Math that honestly most of us just ignore in our day-to-day lives. So, what exactly is stealth wealth? You know, it's really a massive mindset shift. It's about consciously rewiring your brain to value real financial security and freedom way more than you value social status and what other people think. It's all about substance over flash. Okay, check this out cuz this is where the math gets really wild. The high earnner making 100 grand a year, they let their lifestyle inflate right up to their income. So, they've got zero, literally nothing left to invest. But the person making way less, just 60 grand, by living like they only make 40, they open up this huge $20,000 gap for investing. And that right there, that's how people quietly build fortunes. But listen, this whole strategy is so much more than just numbers on a spreadsheet. Let's talk about the psychological advantages, which you could argue are even more powerful than the financial ones. Yeah, this quote absolutely nails it. By living below your means, you're not actually creating scarcity for yourself. You're creating an abundance of options. You have flexibility. You have security. You have the freedom to make choices that people living paycheck to paycheck, no matter how high their income, simply can't make. Okay, so let's put this into a realworld scenario, a dream career move, a brilliant business idea, maybe a once-in-a-lifetime investment. What happens when one of these just lands in your lap? Are you actually in a position to say yes? And this, I mean, this just lays it out perfectly, right? The person with high expenses, the fancy car, the big mortgage, they're chained to their salary. They can't afford to take a smart risk. But the person practicing stealth wealth, they've built a safety net, a cushion that gives them the ultimate freedom. The freedom to actually bet on themselves. And it's not just about jumping on big opportunities. There's another huge perk. You get to fly completely under the radar. Because the moment people think you have money, I'm telling you, everything changes. Acting broke protects you from a whole world of social drama and financial pressure. Yeah, you can almost think of these as like a hidden tax for looking rich. All of a sudden, you're the first person friends and family hit up for a loan. You're just expected to pick up the tab when you go out. Vendors might quote you higher prices, and you can even become a target for lawsuits or scams. That's just a constant drain. Not just on your bank account, but on your relationships, too. And you know what? There's a mental cost, too. Constantly thinking about the next upgrade, the next car, a bigger house, a fancier watch. It just eats up so much mental energy. This is called decision fatigue. By simplifying your life, you free up all that brain power for the decisions that actually matter, the ones that are going to move the needle on your wealth. Okay, so we've talked a lot about the why. So, now let's get practical and talk about the how. Here are some real world strategies for putting this whole financial camouflage thing into action. And this table just lays it out so clearly, especially for the two biggest things most of us spend money on, our house and our car. The conventional path is to just max out whatever the bank says you can afford. The stealth wealth path is to intentionally choose less house, less car, and free up thousands of dollars every single month to invest and build real security. And this right here, this is maybe the biggest mental flip you have to make. This is not about depriving yourself. It's about empowering yourself. You get to a point where you could buy almost anything you want, but you choose not to because you understand what that money could be doing for you instead. You see its potential. All right. So, where does this all lead? What's the real endg game here? Let's talk about the ultimate reward for taking this, let's face it, pretty unconventional approach to money. Well, what it does is it creates this amazing powerful feedback loop that just builds on itself. You start by acting broke. That leads to a higher savings rate that gives you more capital to invest. That capital then generates more freedom and more options, which study after study shows leads to way more life satisfaction. It just keeps going. Okay, but we have to be super clear about something. This is not about being cheap. It's not about depriving yourself of everything that brings you joy. It's about being strategic. You absolutely still spend money, but you spend it on things that bring real lasting value to your life. Things like experiences, your health, education, not on stuff that loses value the second you buy it. And at the end of the day, it all comes down to this idea of intrinsic motivation. You finally break that exhausting cycle of keeping up with the Joneses because your choices are driven by your values, not by what you think will impress your neighbors. This right here is the key to real long-term financial peace of mind. Think about it. When you buy that flashy thing, its future value is pretty much zero, right? But the real cost isn't the price tag. The real hidden cost is what that money could have grown into over the next 10, 20, or 30 years if you had just invested it. That is the massive invisible price of status. So, I'm going to leave you with this one last thought to really chew on. In a world that is obsessed with showing off with these outward displays of success, what if the smartest, most powerful, and most confident financial statement you could ever make is the one that absolutely nobody ever sees?

- The Psychology Of First Impressions (What Women ACTUALLY Notice): Kind: captions Language: en First impressions are formed in just a few seconds. And the psychology behind them is pretty fascinating. Whether you realize it or not, women are picking up on so many subtle cues the moment that they meet you. And a lot of them go beyond just looks or style. If you're new here, hi. I'm Courtney Ryan, and today I'm going to be breaking down what women actually notice first, the psychology behind it, and how you can make those first few moments count and work in your favor. Number one, we have your energy and presence. Before you even say a word, women are picking up on your energy. Psychologists call this thin slicing, which is the ability to form surprisingly accurate judgments in just a few seconds. Everything about you, your posture, your body language, even how you enter a room, send signals. Are you walking in confident and grounded or fading into the background with your nose in your phone? Being present isn't just about being loud or showy. It's about standing tall, making eye contact, and moving with purpose. Women notice the difference between someone who's comfortable in their own skin and someone who's trying too hard to impress. One simple tip that actually really helps me is before you walk into a room or start a conversation, take a deep breath and remind yourself to take up space without apology. Act like you belong there because you do. Once you're talking, focus on truly listening to the person that you're talking to. Lean in slightly. Respond thoughtfully. You can even mirror their energy just a little bit. Psychologists call this interpersonal synchrony. It's that sense of being in tune with the person that you're talking to. When you're truly present, she can feel it, and that connection makes a first impression actually stick. Number two, your style choices and what they signal. Clothes are one of the first things that women notice. Not just what you're wearing, but what it says about you. Does it look intentional? Does it fit? Does it match the occasion? This is where psychology comes in. There's a concept called enclosed cognition. Basically, your clothes don't just affect how others see you, they also affect how you feel about yourself. A clean, well-fitted outfit makes you feel more confident, and that confidence is going to show. You don't need a huge wardrobe or designer labels. Just focus on fit, condition, and matching the sort of vibe of the occasion, dressing appropriately for the occasion that you're going to. Even simple, intentional outfits send the message that you respect yourself and the people around you. Keeping these things in mind shows maturity and self-awareness, and women will notice this instantly. When it comes to first impressions, the right jacket can say a lot without you even saying a word. That's why I'm excited to share that this video is sponsored by Thursday Boot Company. If you've been watching my channel, you know that I've been recommending Thursday for years, long before we ever even worked together. And while they're known for their boots, their jackets are just as impressive. Take the wax canvas field jacket for example. It's rugged, masculine, and made to age beautifully. From a woman's perspective, it signals that you've thought about your style without overdoing it. Then there's the brown suede trucker jacket. One of my personal favorites. It's versatile, classic meets modern, and the suede texture instantly elevates any outfit. What I absolutely love about Thursdays is that they make highquality timeless pieces across their whole collection, from jackets and boots to sneakers and more, all at a price that actually makes sense. No crazy markups, no compromises, just well-made, versatile items that help you stand out for all of the right reasons. So, if you're ready to upgrade your fall wardrobe and make a great first impression, click the link in the description to shop these jackets along with their boots, sneakers, and more, all with free shipping and returns. Thanks again, Thursday Boots, for sponsoring today's video. Number three, grooming and attention to detail. Women notice those small things that a lot of men overlook. Clean nails, fresh breath, neat hair. It seems minor, but these details communicate discipline and self-respect. Psychologists call this one the halo effect. When one thing, like looking well-groomed, is positive, women will naturally assume other good things about you, like competence and reliability. Here is such an easy solution. Build a simple routine. Trim your nails once a week, once every other week. Keep mints or gum handy. Use a basic skincare routine. And find a barber that you trust. You don't need perfection, just consistency. In a first impression, those small details do make a huge difference. Number four, the way you speak. Your words matter, but how you deliver them matters even more. Tone, pace, and clarity all affect how women perceive you. Do you speak confidently, or do you mumble and rush through your sentences? Research shows that a steady, relaxed tone projects confidence and authority while rushed or nervous speech signals uncertainty. One simple trick that I have for you that trust me I am also working on is slow down. Don't be afraid of a pause. Let your words carry weight instead of feeling every single moment of silence. Record yourself talking if you need to. I think hearing your own pace can make you instantly more aware and more confident. I know at least it had that effect on me when I'm going back and watching my videos. I can always tell, oh, you were a little bit anxious in that one. Or maybe you were rushing. You're talking too fast, girlfriend. Slow it down. Number five, emotional warmth and expression. Confidence is attractive, but warmth is what really makes someone approachable. Women notice if you seem open, curious, and friendly, or if you come across kind of closed off. Smiling, relaxed expressions, and genuine curiosity go such a long way here. Psychologists call this emotional contagion. People naturally mirror the emotions of those around them. A quick way to practice is smile when you greet someone. Ask one thoughtful question and show interest in their answer. First impressions aren't just about your own strength or confidence. They're about having a balance. Confidence plus kindness. Number six, social awareness and manners. How you treat other people matters. Do you acknowledge the waiter, the barista, the doorman? Women notice. Psychologists call this trait inference. We infer character based on small behaviors. Being dismissive or rude is going to signal a lack of empathy. Showing little gestures of kindness, even tiny ones, like I mentioned before, have such a big impact. Think of it this way. First impressions aren't just about how you act around her. They're about how you move through the world. Those small cues and how you treat other people say more than words ever could. Number seven, consistency and congruence. Finally, women notice when who you present yourself as matches who you really are. If your words, energy, and actions don't quite line up, it creates a subtle sense of unease. Psychology calls this congruence. People trust and feel comfortable with someone whose behavior feels consistent. A man who says one thing but acts another way creates doubt. A man who aligns his style, energy, actions leaves a lasting, positive impression. It makes her feel more comfortable and makes her trust you more. Good first impression. Authenticity isn't oversharing or trying to prove that you're real. It's just about being aligned, and that alignment is what makes you stand out in the first few moments of meeting someone. So guys, that is all I have for this one. If you found this helpful, be sure to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to be in the loop for when I release new content. And let me know down in the comments. What is the first thing that you notice yourself noticing when you meet someone? I would love to hear your answers down in the comments. If you haven't already, also be sure to follow me over on Instagram, Courtney Christine Ryan. I love connecting with all of you guys over on there as well. As always, thank you all so much for watching and I will see you all next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Machine-o6f [194 likes]: I stumbled across forbidden book of former secret society member named Caelum Noir and I don’t think I’ll ever be the same, it’s like they don’t want you to have this power.
  2. @CourtneyRyan [11 likes]: Click https://thursdayboots.com/courtney-ryan and get yourself a great pair of premium boots at amazing price points with free shipping & returns today! Thank you Thursday Boots for sponsoring today's video!
  3. @hxmedina [1 likes]: Her claims that there are no women who do want perfection contradict everything she says 🙄 Single men, stop listening to this and look up another female dating and relationship personality!
  4. @palpatine1975: The traits u lay out doesn't work for everyone or every  culture
  5. @palpatine1975: That's why u see trolls with gorgeous women... They pick up on ur bank account energy.
  6. @alcipta4920: nice ballistics
  7. @nicholassegar2034: My consistency of confidence gives me: "Charisma to attract women!" ⚘⚘🍷🍷👤
  8. @ceebee312: Nice top, Courtney ! 😌😉😉
  9. @yandiraxd5554: you need to find the banned book of former mason called Caelum Noir it's kinda crazy how powerful it actually is...
  10. @MdmsmDmsms: The fact that nobody is talking about the forbidden book of former secret society member named Caelum Noir is crazy, you guys are missing on a hidden knowledge...
  11. @yamkala-xe2vl: It's a little scary that few people talk about banned book of former mason called Caelum Noir it shows why so many people are stuck in trance
  12. @earnigandgaming: It's a little scary that few people talk about banned book of former mason called Caelum Noir it shows why so many people are stuck in trance
  13. @FavoriteScenes-zm8sf: you need to find the banned book of former mason called Caelum Noir it's kinda crazy how powerful it actually is...
  14. @You_Kali_: I stumbled across forbidden book of former secret society member named Caelum Noir and I don’t think I’ll ever be the same, it’s like they don’t want you to have this power.
  15. @miakhalifa10v5b: It's a little scary that few people talk about banned book of former mason called Caelum Noir it shows why so many people are stuck in trance
  16. @Maqsoodbhai-y3i: you need to find the banned book of former mason called Caelum Noir it's kinda crazy how powerful it actually is...
  17. @ManishKumar-n8u9q: drop everything you doing and go find a forbidden book of former mason Caelum Noir it's shocking what knowledge it contains is literally insane...
  18. @MohamadAlfarukh-de9qz: what’s crazy is how few people even know about this banned book of former mason named caelum noir it’s something the world isn’t ready for...
  19. @Sagar-b9k2e: what’s crazy is how few people even know about this banned book of former mason named caelum noir it’s something the world isn’t ready for...
  20. @JeromyFaulkner: 👏 Bien expliqué !

- "How Your Clothes Change Everything | The Power of First Impressions": Kind: captions Language: en Psychologist John Mallaloy conducted an intriguing experiment in the bustling streets of New York. He approached strangers and said, "I lost my wallet. Could you spare some change for the bus?" When he wore a suit without a tie, he earned $1 in an hour. But when he wore a suit with a high quality tie, he made $34 in the same amount of time. That's nearly four times more money just by wearing a tie. People were more generous towards someone dressed neatly and exuding trustworthiness. Studies show that it takes just 4 seconds for someone to form a first impression of us. HR managers at big companies evaluate a candidate's first impression within 30 seconds of a job interview. Showing our true skills and personality in such a short time is nearly impossible. Inevitably, people judge us based on our appearance. Research suggests that attractive individuals are 20% more likely to get a call back after an interview, receive promotions more often, earn more respect at work, and even make 5 to 15% higher salaries on average. Good looks lead people to assume you have a great personality and strong work abilities, too. Moreover, how we dress doesn't just affect how others see us. It influences our own mindset as well. Professor Adam Golinsky from Columbia University conducted a fascinating experiment. He had participants wear white lab coats and split them into two groups. One group was told, "This is a doctor's coat." While the other was told, "This is a painters smock." Then they performed a specially designed task. The group who thought they were wearing a doctor's coat showed higher focus and concentration. What you believe you're wearing directly impacts your behavior and thinking. The version of me in a hoodie might act and think differently from the version of me in a suit. You might feel it's unfair that your true skills and inner self go unnoticed, judged only by your appearance. The good news, about 95% of your appearance comes from your clothing and posture, things you can change if you want to. Try fixing your posture. Stand tall and roll your shoulders back to look more confident. Start strength training. Weightlifting can improve your posture and boost your confidence. Dress appropriately and tweak your hairstyle. Even small changes can transform your impression. However, chasing unrealistic beauty standards can harm your mental health. Obsessing over your body can lead to eating disorders and low self-esteem. So, be cautious. If this video helped you, please hit the subscribe button. Thank you.

- Should you trust your first impression? - Peter Mende-Siedlecki: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine you're at a football game when this obnoxious guy sits next to you. He's loud, he spills his drink on you, and he makes fun of your team. Days later, you're walking in the park when suddenly it starts to pour rain. Who should show up at your side to offer you an umbrella? The same guy from the football game. Do you change your mind about him based on this second encounter, or do you go with your first impression and write him off? Research in social psychology suggests that we're quick to form lasting impressions of others based on their behaviors. We manage to do this with little effort, inferring stable character traits from a single behavior, like a harsh word or a clumsy step. Using our impressions as guides, we can accurately predict how people are going to behave in the future. Armed with the knowledge the guy from the football game was a jerk the first time you met him, you might expect more of the same down the road. If so, you might choose to avoid him the next time you see him. That said, we can change our impressions in light of new information. Behavioral researchers have identified consistent patterns that seem to guide this process of impression updating. On one hand, learning very negative, highly immoral information about someone typically has a stronger impact than learning very positive, highly moral information. So, unfortunately for our new friend from the football game, his bad behavior at the game might outweigh his good behavior at the park. Research suggests that this bias occurs because immoral behaviors are more diagnostic, or revealing, of a person's true character. Okay, so by this logic, bad is always stronger than good when it comes to updating. Well, not necessarily. Certain types of learning don't seem to lead to this sort of negativity bias. When learning about another person's abilities and competencies, for instance, this bias flips. It's actually the positive information that gets weighted more heavily. Let's go back to that football game. If a player scores a goal, it ultimately has a stronger impact on your impression of their skills than if they miss the net. The two sides of the updating story are ultimately quite consistent. Overall, behaviors that are perceived as being less frequent are also the ones that people tend to weigh more heavily when forming and updating impressions, highly immoral actions and highly competent actions. So, what's happening at the level of the brain when we're updating our impressions? Using fMRI, or functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging, researchers have identified an extended network of brain regions that respond to new information that's inconsistent with initial impressions. These include areas typically associated with social cognition, attention, and cognitive control. Moreover, when updating impressions based on people's behaviors, activity in the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex and the superior temporal sulcus correlates with perceptions of how frequently those behaviors occur in daily life. In other words, the brain seems to be tracking low-level, statistical properties of behavior in order to make complex decisions regarding other people's character. It needs to decide is this person's behavior typical or is it out of the ordinary? In the situation with the obnoxious-football-fan-turned-good-samaritan, your brain says, "Well, in my experience, pretty much anyone would lend someone their umbrella, but the way this guy acted at the football game, that was unusual." And so, you decide to go with your first impression. There's a good moral in this data: your brain, and by extension you, might care more about the very negative, immoral things another person has done compared to the very positive, moral things, but it's a direct result of the comparative rarity of those bad behaviors. We're more used to people being basically good, like taking time to help a stranger in need. In this context, bad might be stronger than good, but only because good is more plentiful. Think about the last time you judged someone based on their behavior, especially a time when you really feel like you changed your mind about someone. Was the behavior that caused you to update your impression something you'd expect anyone to do, or was it something totally out of the ordinary?

  Top Comments:
  1. @obxurity [9 likes]: One of the managers at work is not well liked by other coworkers but I made sure to give a good first impression and introduced myself politely and told this manager how long I worked at this store and my skills in each department. It's been months and she still treats me with respect and is polite when we pass by each other. I always make sure to leave a good first impression especially meeting a new manager because it will determine how well the relationship between the two of you will be!
  2. @lily_vivacity4376 [1 likes]: POV : you are watching this video almost a decade later 😂😂😂
  3. @blackmewtwo3569 [1 likes]: At this point in age if they can admit that they are wrong or don’t know something that’s a genuine person because at least that means they’re willing to figure it out
  4. @Sarajohn.3 [1 likes]: I’ve never had someone offer me an umbrella before tbh
  5. @OrionOP4: Crazy how our brains track the rarity of behavior to judge character🧠📊
  6. @_Sami__: I would judge him based off the 2nd thing he did and I thought that is what the majority would do too
  7. @Aulia.Aliyev: So in a society where most people are rude and loud and obnoxious, having a person offer an umbrella would be the bigger impression changer?
  8. @Jurythelight: 3:50
  9. @JennaHast: 0:26 No, they don't change their mind. And this video still won't make people behave more mindful.
  10. @ΤΣΕΚΕΡΙΔΗΣΑΠΟΣΤΟΛΟΣ: Great😮
  11. @BradleyGutierrez_474: I’ve been using ResuBot to polish my resume. It’s surprising how much first impressions matter in that context too.
  12. @AdamWright_56: I recently came across ResuBot for creating resumes. It’s interesting how first impressions can also apply to job applications.
  13. @CharlesPeterRogers: Interesting to think about how our brain processes first impressions. Makes me wonder how I can present myself better to others.
  14. @GaryRussellRamirez: This was really eye-opening. I've always thought first impressions were everything, but now I see there's so much more beneath the surface.
  15. @ZoeCardwell: Everyone tends to get a little crazy during a football game so I’d forgive the dude. Besides, I generally like to see the best in people, and I feel immoral by judging him since I just met him.
  16. @mckayleepugmire9947: My instinct was to assume the football game behavior was not how he normally acts because in my experience people are more likely to act inappropriately when they get overexcited or riled up, and given the distinct lack of perfect people in the world, whether or not someone is a good person depends on how consistently they try to be a good person. By that argument, 2 encounters isn't enough data to make an accurate assessment of this person's character.
  17. @Anna_L_Karlova: Thank you! It is a great cartoon!🌹
  18. @asymmetry9988: The big problem with not going with your first impression about someone's character is that if you trust someone you shouldn't, you could end up being robbed, assaulted or killed. Better safe than sorry
  19. @MrAZulfadzli: Thanks for the highly positive, moral decision to call football, football. Not soccer.
  20. @cxllmegeo3557: 3:54 what your saying reminds me of Gestalts Principles of Similarity where one object can be emphasized if everything around it is the same and said object is different. I would suppose in this case, the immoral act outweighs good because our brains put emphasis on these immoral acts a lot more than good deeds like handing someone your umbrella mainly because it’s a common deed and a pattern we see often but the wrongful acts leave a stronger impression on our brains. 

I hope that wasn’t too complicated 😅

- The Psychology Behind Clothing Choices - Revealing or Baggy: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to psychvverarsity.com. The silent language of fashion. Unveiling the psychology behind clothing. From the runway to our everyday lives, clothing is more than just fabric on our bodies. It is a powerful means of self-expression, identity formation, and communication. The psychology behind clothing delves into the fascinating realm of human behavior, perception, and cultural influences. Get ready psychology enthusiasts as we embark on a captivating journey to unravel the secrets behind the psychology of clothing. Clothing is an integral part of our personal and social identity. It reflects our personality, values, and aspirations. The psychology behind clothing suggests that the clothes we choose to wear have a profound impact on our mood, confidence, and how others perceive us. One key psychological aspect behind clothing is the phenomenon known as enclosed cognition. This theory suggests that the clothes we wear can influence our thoughts, feelings, and behavior. For example, wearing a powers suit can enhance feelings of confidence and assertiveness, while putting on comfortable loungewear can promote relaxation and a casual mindset. The psychology behind clothing is also closely tied to self-presentation and impression management. Our choice of attire is a deliberate attempt to communicate who we are or how we want to be perceived. Whether it's dressing in a professional manner for a job interview or adorning ourselves in casual attire for a social gathering, clothing plays a pivotal role in shaping others perceptions of us. Furthermore, the psychology behind clothing is influenced by cultural and social factors. Different cultures have distinct norms, values, and traditions that shape their clothing choices. Additionally, clothing can serve as a marker of group identity and affiliation reflecting shared beliefs, subcultures, or social status. Clothing can also have a profound impact on our emotions and well-being. The psychology behind clothing suggests that what we wear can influence our mood and even our cognitive processes. Studies have shown that wearing certain colors or styles can evoke specific emotions and impact our cognitive performance. For example, wearing bright colors can promote feelings of energy and positivity, while wearing soft, muted tones can foster a sense of calmness. The psychology behind clothing extends beyond the individual level to societal implications. Fashion trends and styles can reflect cultural shifts, political movements, or historical influences. The choices we make in our clothing can become a statement, a way to express our values and align ourselves with certain ideologies or movements. In conclusion, the psychology behind clothing unveils the intricate interplay of self-expression, identity formation, and social dynamics. Clothing goes beyond its practical purpose, serving as a silent language that communicates our personality, aspirations, and cultural affiliations. Understanding the psychology of clothing can enhance our self-awareness, allow for authentic self-expression, and foster empathy and understanding of others. So, the next time you step into your wardrobe, remember that the clothes you choose to wear have the power to shape your mood, influence others perceptions, and communicate a message. Embrace the psychological journey of clothing and let your fashion choices reflect the vibrant tapestry of your unique identity. Subscribe to the Psych Varsity channel and thanks for watching.

- The Psychology of First Impressions: Kind: captions Language: en When you meet someone for the very first time, before they even speak, before they so much as smile, your brain has already formed a judgment. Within seconds, maybe even milliseconds, you've decided if they're trustworthy, competent, likable, or worth your time. This automatic process is what psychologists call the first impression. And it's one of the most powerful forces in human interaction. So, why does this happen so fast? And can we ever truly recover from a bad first impression? Let's dive into the psychology of first impressions. Our brains are wired for survival. For early humans, the ability to quickly judge whether someone was a threat or an ally was crucial. This survival mechanism is still with us today. When we encounter a new face, our brains process it using a region called the amydala, known for its role in detecting threat, and the fusififor face area, which specializes in facial recognition. Within 1/10enth of a second, we're already labeling someone as warm or cold, strong or weak, friend or foe. But here's the catch. First impressions are often based more on intuition than information. They rely heavily on appearance, body language, tone of voice, and even context. Are they well-dressed? Do they make eye contact? Do they smile? Do they interrupt? We may believe we're being fair or rational, but studies show that our first impressions are influenced by biases, many of which we're not even aware of. Things like height, posture, race, gender, and attractiveness, can all skew how we perceive someone. This is what psychologists refer to as implicit bias. It's not always malicious, but it's real, and it affects our decisions, even when we think we're being objective. What's more, first impressions tend to be sticky. Once we've made up our mind about someone, we're more likely to interpret their future behavior in a way that confirms our original belief. This is called the confirmation bias. If you decide someone is confident, you'll likely see their actions through that lens. If you believe someone is untrustworthy, you may dismiss or downplay their positive qualities. We don't just make snap judgments, we defend them, sometimes without realizing it. Now, let's flip the perspective. What are people noticing about you when they meet you for the first time? Research tells us that people are particularly sensitive to two traits in a first impression. Warmth and competence. Warmth answers the question, "Can I trust you?" Competence answers, "Can I respect you?" These two traits work together to form the foundation of how we're perceived. Too much competence without warmth, you might come off as intimidating. Too much warmth without competence, you may be liked but not taken seriously. So, how do you make a strong first impression? It starts with presence. Being fully engaged, making eye contact, offering a genuine smile, and showing interest in the other person. These are subtle cues that signal warmth. Meanwhile, posture, clarity of speech, and confidence in your movements can convey competence. You don't have to be perfect, just intentional. But here's the good news. First impressions can be changed. They're powerful, yes, but not permanent. Especially when we have repeated exposure to someone. As we gather more information, our initial judgments can evolve. Sometimes the people we like the least at first become our closest allies. And sometimes the people we trust right away disappoint us. The real magic happens when we slow down, question our assumptions, and give others the space to show who they really are beyond the first few seconds. Because ultimately, while first impressions may open the door, it's our ongoing behavior, character, and consistency that determine the relationship that follows. So the next time you meet someone new or worry about how you came across, remember this. You're not just meeting them. You're meeting your own expectations, your own instincts, and your own story about what people are like. The more aware you are of that process, the more power you have to shape it for yourself and for others. First impressions may be fast, but wisdom takes its time.

- Why I’m Done Buying Luxury Bags! No More Hermes, Louis Vuitton! BUT FOR HOW LONG?: Kind: captions Language: en I have to stop spending. I have to stop the excessive overconsumption, the buying of all these luxury bags. It has to stop and it is going to stop and it's going to stop right now. What's going to happen? Am I going to have to sell everything? Why do I have to stop spending? What am I going to do going forward? What is going to happen to my channel? Is it all over? Is it all over? Let's find out. There are many, many luxury YouTubers who have completely changed either their buying habits or their channel in general. They have pivoted, they have changed what they are doing. They have maybe sold all their luxury bags, they are buying completely differently, they are actually not buying any luxury anymore or they are being very, very mindful about what they buy. Maybe they buy more contemporary, maybe they are buying something more high street, maybe they're just not buying at all, maybe they're gardening or pottering or baking or doing completely different things. So, is that what I am doing? Am I jumping on the bandwagon so that I can join forces with all the other luxury YouTubers that are pivoting and changing? Well, the answer is no. No, I'm not. I am not. I love luxury. I love all of these luxury bags. I have not fallen out of love with any of them. There are a couple that I want to sell, but that is completely different. It's not because I don't love them anymore, it's not because I don't want to buy luxury bags anymore. So, why am I even talking about any of this? If I love all these things, if I love luxury and I still want to buy luxury bags, which I do, why am I talking about stopping the excessive spending? Well, there's a really good reason why and it is not a negative thing at all. It is Well, I need to use my finances for something else and it is something really exciting and it's not something I'm going to talk about on this channel. But, it just means that I need to divert some of my finances and it is really, really, really exciting for my family. So, what it means is I can't buy. I cannot, cannot be spending huge amounts of money on something like a bag and that is okay. That is absolutely fine because I am so excited for what is coming and that is great. So, I just need to divert what I'm doing and I thought I would talk about it because there are not going to be any big unboxings, I don't think, anytime soon. Now, I am not going to sit here and say that I'm going to sell everything cuz I'm not. I don't need to sell anything and I'm not going to sell anything, but I do need to change my my spending habits going forward because of this other thing that I want to divert some funds into and therefore, yeah, there's not going to be as many unboxings and I just thought I would talk to you guys about it because firstly, what is going to happen to my channel? So, we'll come back to that. Also, how am I going to cope with not buying so many bags? And thirdly, what am I going to do? >> [laughter] >> What am I going to do with all the things I have? Well, let's let's work backwards. So, what am I going to do with all the things? Well, I'm going to love and enjoy all the things I already have. So, it's not a bad thing, guys, is it? It's not a bad thing to have a pause, to stop spending, stop the constant in and out, in and out, in and out of bags and the constant spending and the constant just going down the rabbit hole of doing this over and over. It's not a bad thing to actually just properly use and enjoy the things you've got. Now, for me it's slightly forced, I'm not going to lie. If I could buy a bag tomorrow, I probably would and there are bags that I still have on my wish list and I would like to tick off at some point, but I also have priorities and I also have other things going on in my life and therefore, it's not a problem. It is not a problem for me to say I can't do that for a little while. So, it's not a bad thing to actually cut down the excessive consumption. It's just not. Now, I'm not saying that it's a bad thing to buy a lot of bags because as I say, if I had the funds, I would still be doing it. So, you know, none of it's bad. It's all good. Everything's good. These are just decisions and priorities that we have to make as adults. So, what? So, what? So, yeah, let's also talk about what I think is going to happen to my channel. Well, let's talk about my buying habits I have been buying bags for over 30 years, luxury bags, high-end, expensive luxury bags and therefore, starting YouTube has not changed my buying habits as such. Although, my buying habits have changed over the years, it's not because of YouTube. I have never bought one bag for content and I can honestly, honestly tell you that. There are times that I have been tempted. I have just been to London and I've mentioned this in a different video. I've just been to London and I was very, very tempted to buy something in Mulberry, something in Coach, something in Strathberry and for a contemporary bag, for the price point, for the quality, I thought they were amazing, absolutely amazing and there was a part of me that thought these would be really, really good bags. So, that's that's rule number one is actually, do you like the bag? Do you want the bag? Will you use the bag? Is it good value? Would you like to buy it? All of those things. But, there was a little thing in the back of my head and I did touch on it in a different video where I thought, I know a lot of you guys really, really like particularly Coach bags and if I bought some, I could review them and put them on my channel for you and it would hopefully be helpful to some of you. It would also be helpful to my channel because whenever I do we talk about Coach, my videos generally do well because it's a big market and a lot of you guys are particularly interested in it. So, there is a little part of me that thinks, oh, if I go down the Coach route, I can then review some things for you. But, I don't want to buy bags for content and I won't buy bags for content. So, because of that, I came away from London empty-handed because I'm not going to buy something for the sake of it. It doesn't mean I don't like those bags. I do and I was very tempted just because I liked them, but what I'm trying to say is my channel has always just followed my own journey of my life, if that makes sense. So, I'd never decided what to buy because of my channel. However, my buying habits have changed over the last few years and they've changed because my finances have changed over the last few years compared to 30 years ago. 30 years ago, I would buy one Louis Vuitton bag and I would keep it for years and years and years and years, never, ever, ever decide to sell it and I would use it every day, every single day and that would be my bag until I could afford another one and then I would swap maybe between those two and my first 20-odd years maybe of buying bags was a little bit more like that. More recently, as my finances have changed, I have been in the position to be able to buy more and therefore, I have bought more. >> And yes, I may be gone down a bit of a rabbit hole with it, but none of it is because of YouTube. It's more that my YouTube what's been happening in my life. So, that's all good, but my buying habits in the last few years have been pretty crazy, particularly when I found some courage to to start selling some bags. For 20-odd years, I never sold a bag. I just didn't. I gave a couple of bags away and things like that, but it is only recently that I have actually started selling bags and it's it has freed up some funds in order to buy more bags. So, I have gone down that route. I have and it has allowed me to I don't know, just have a bit of fun with hunting a bag and finding a a pre-loved bag and buying it and then maybe selling it again at some point in the future because it hasn't quite worked out for me and then being able to buy another bag. And yes, I've documented that on YouTube, but in reality, I suppose YouTubers opened up the I suppose the um being able to buy and sell because I've got a lot of comfort from people I've met on YouTube or things I've seen on YouTube that I therefore have felt more comfortable in buying pre-loved or selling bags on the on the resale market. So, YouTube has something to do with it, but I've never done any of it for content because I don't need to. This is a hobby to me and I would love it to be a bigger business. I really, really would and it's getting there and we are growing, guys, aren't we? But, at the end of the day, I'm not going to change who I am because it just it just won't work. If you guys see me doing something that's completely out of character, you'll notice it's inauthentic and it just doesn't work. So, So, anyway, what I'm saying about my channel is my content won't change as in I won't be Oh, what am I going to do now? I can't buy a bag to unbox. It will be more I'm going to document what's happening in my world. So, I will be able to talk you guys about the fact that I can't buy a bag of any significance for for the foreseeable future. But, it's still just documenting what's going on. So, is my channel going to change? Well, not really. It'll change cuz there'll be less unboxings, but it won't change as in I'm still talking about luxury. I still love luxury. I still want to buy luxury. I'll still do vlogs. I'll still tell you what's coming. I will still do reviews. I will still do styling things maybe just on the things that I actually have. So, it won't change in that respect. My biggest videos that people have watched, that you guys have liked the most, none of them are unboxing videos. They are all more chatty videos about things within the looks community. So, I'm hoping I'm hoping that you guys will still stick around because it's not about necessarily the item and the unboxing and showing you what I have bought. It's more talking about things in the industry. Anyway, I've never been able to unbox bags every week or multiple bags a week. I've never been in that position. So, I suppose I'm hoping my channel won't change too much. So, I'm going to invite you guys to come along with me on my new journey. I'm not saying that I'm not going to buy anything again because I will. I'm not saying that I'm not going to buy another luxury handbag. I will. But, only when the funds allow. So, I do not know when that will be because as I say there's other really exciting things happening in our family. So, I we'll just see, won't we? There may be that I am able to buy something. There may be that I will buy something pre-loved that isn't quite as expensive. It may be that I don't buy anything for for a an amount of time. At this moment in time, we don't know and that's exciting. So, I don't think any of this is a bad thing. I'm not sad because they're just things and I know I know people get really upset with me when I say these are just bags because I know what they represent and Jurisha, I'm just going to mention Jurisha because she did a video on this and I completely and utterly agree. And I think we're on the same page even though I have said quite a few times on my channel that I I think these are just bags because what I mean by that is if I have a Birkin where are we? A Birkin sat there or not is not going to change my actual life. I will be I'll be gutted not to have a Birkin? Of course, I would because I know what it means to me and I know it brings me joy. I know what it signifies. I know what it means to me and I love it and it means more than it just being a material thing. However, in the priorities of life, if that was no longer there, then my life won't change because there's other things that are so much more important than that particular material thing. And I hope I'm sort of making sense about that. I'm not trying to diminish what any of these things mean because they mean a heck of a lot to me. Otherwise, I wouldn't have them. I just wouldn't have them. So, they mean the world. They really do. But, I'm not sad about the fact that I can't buy anything for the foreseeable future because at the end of the day, there are other priorities in life sometimes and that is how it should be. We are all adults and we can all make our own decisions and I've always said as long as I'm not putting myself or my family in any financial burden, then and I can afford to buy these things, then I will. But, at this moment in time, I need to be sensible and so I'm going to be sensible. >> And I just thought it was yeah, it was worth being honest with you guys and just sharing what I'm going through at the minute. There was something stopping me in London. I could have bought the Andiamo bag in three different places in London. And I also could have bought it from Flannels online when I got home or from Bottega when I got home after I mulled it all over. There was something thing stopping me and actually I now know what it is. The universe was telling me the universe was telling me don't don't buy. Do not spend that amount of money at this moment in time. So, I'm very glad that I didn't. And I still love the Andiamo and I still think I do want one in the future. So, yeah, watch this space. I'm also going to talk a little bit more about fitness on my channel. I'm not going to pivot into something different because I know the algorithm doesn't like it and if I fully want to talk about fitness, then I need to probably set up a new channel. So, maybe you guys could let me know. Do you Are you interested in a fitness channel? Just documenting what I'm up to at the minute. It's not really going to be a weight loss journey because the way I look at fitness is it's just what I do now. There is no end game. There is no goal. I don't have any specific end point. I don't want to think like that. It's just what we do now. It's just what we do. But, there are so many things that I would love to talk about about what I'm getting up to each week, what exercises I'm doing, how I'm planning my progression cuz I do want to document the progression. It will just be little challenges and little goals rather than an end game. So, I'm not doing a six-week shred or I'm not doing anything like that. But, I just sort of wanted to talk about it a little bit more because a lot of you guys are probably possibly a similar age or becoming a similar age to me. Some of you are much younger. Some of you are much older. But, we all have and we all can relate, I think, to you know, to just the struggles we have particularly as women and there's obviously there's a lot of guys watching as well and I'm sure you can relate to so many things as we get older and as I don't know. Life gets in the way, doesn't it? And so, I'm very passionate about not worrying about the age you are and doing what you can for yourself and for your just for your health and everything. As as we do get older and I would like a better future and a healthier future than I would have had if I didn't do fitness. So, I am very passionate about talking about it. So, let me know, guys. Are you interested or not because I will probably separate and I'll probably do a separate channel so that YouTube doesn't get too confused. Um but, yeah, there's a lot more to come from me. I feel like I'm full of potential at the minute. I feel like there's so many things I want to do and want to talk about. So, yeah, let me know. Have you had any Going back to the spending habits, have you had any changes in your spending habits? How did it go for you? How did you navigate it? Is it a big deal? Is it not a big deal? What do we think? Let me know. Anyway, thank you so much for watching and I will see you on another one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pennyleather9935 [3 likes]: If you have to divert your funds elsewhere,just do it. No need to tease things that ‘I can’t tell you about’.🤷‍♀️
  2. @dustytin [3 likes]: Change is inevitable, and I'll definitely be watching you no matter what. Your personality is 90% why I watch!
  3. @CBowBow1026 [1 likes]: I LOVE fitness!
  4. @leannebutler2874 [1 likes]: I do enjoy your videos and i am one of your 'older' watchers.
I love my bags and would love you to talk about preloved as it certainly as increased over the last few years. Love the fitness talk to as resistance traininibg to build muscles is so important ❤
  5. @RaeStrawBerry [1 likes]: I started watching your chanel because I love handbags, but after watching for a while I actually just really like you, and find you engaging and pleasant so I’ll continue to watch even though you’re not buying.
  6. @lauralangham9657 [1 likes]: There comes a point when you just have to enjoy the bags you already have.  You have a beautiful collection to enjoy, don't need anymore
  7. @Buttercookiesssss [1 likes]: I feel the same way. Won’t be selling but no interest to buying either. Just bored I guess, and kinda priced out by now.
  8. @mysavingsdiary: I feel this way too cuz in real life, I don’t see many women anymore rocking “designer bags” in reality they’re just about lowkey luxury and wearing contemporary brands lately. I’m questioning what’s happening? But on a serious note I’m done being “fake rich” but if you’re actually well off, it makes sense to buy designer bags.
  9. @niononion4363: I may be alone in this, but I love watching “What’s in my bag” videos—but what’s actually in there—not the cleaned out/clearly marketed WIMB videos 😂
  10. @NicoleTurner-h4p: We love you Deb.   You do you
  11. @PrettyassCornelious: :yt:yutulu:yt:'s Key pouch S for functionality! And it can be used more because it can go in so many different bags.
  12. @elenoredanielsson6771: 💖💖💖👛But yes yes yes to fitness tips and trix😀❣️🙏
  13. @WomanRoaring: I'm not here to see unboxing every video. I think that would be excessive and crazy. I stay away from channels that do that. I like the smaller channels that the person has a select collection and they talk about why they love the bag they have instead of, look i have over 500 bags...thats more than 1 a day, you don't get to really use them and love them, whats the point of that? I prefer the channels like yours and Amelia (now she does have a lot more but she's funny and sweet so I can't help but watch her), where you genuinely love the bags and get rid of ones you did but don't anymore. I hope the exciting thing you're referring to happens soon and it makes you super happy. - i like people talking about whatever, its the person not just the content that I like. -  as for your question at the end. I am on a buying freeze. My hubby was diagnosed with kidney cancer about a year ago. he had 2 operations, the last one in December, there was a complication and he was in the hospital for a few weeks. he was laid off right before the 2nd operation. I quit my job to move where we live now in late 2018. he was transferred, then covid hit and we focused on trying to have a baby, he's not 4. so I've been a mom for the past few years. mid last year I started looking for a job but when he was getting operations and everything I stopped for a while. in January I started looking again, I got a job in June, it has been the hardest time I've ever had getting a job. I was there a month and was laid off. So I've been looking still and things aren't going well financially for us. we're not broke but i can't spend money on things I don't need. I know we are lucky to have money saved for this time and we're not going bankrupt but I'm in the US and the political stuff is really messing with our finances. so I've been living vicariously through you and others lol. I don't need the bags to make me happy but I do enjoy seeing how happy bags make other people. I did stop watching one channel because she talks about stuff you can get on amazon and that kind of makes me want to shop, so not watching her helps lol. anyway. i will be here for whatever you want to post.
  14. @luxuryandlifeinthemiddle: Love the jacket
  15. @lingscookingescapade: Hun…may the force be with you until at least next year😂Especially Christmas and SALES period are coming.
  16. @PiperSevern: I think you can pivot on your channel and add more lifestyle videosLike Lydia Elise Millen. I'm interested. Your favourite things I appreciate your positivity.
  17. @nealanderson7475: Sounds like an upcoming wedding or a baby or both😃
  18. @rosannagomez8040: You have the best curated collection
  19. @rosannagomez8040: Lately I am
More into jewelry than bags
  20. @rosannagomez8040: Would love to hear your thoughts in Chanel 25

- Why Rich People Don't Wear Luxury: Kind: captions Language: en Louis Vuitton, Dior, Saint Laurent, Gucci. These are just some of the brands belonging to major luxury conglomerates LVMH and Kering. Positioned at the forefront of the global luxury market, these conglomerates are hugely responsible for the industry's staggering 397-billion-dollar market valuation. From clothing and handbags to jewellery and watches, these conglomerates, alongside a few independent houses, stand as the driving forces behind the most coveted and elite luxury products. This industry is a powerhouse. Just to provide you with further insight, LVMH CEO Bernard Arnault, whose estimated net worth is 200-billion-dollars, made his first appearance on the Forbes billionaires list in 1997. The conglomerateur briefly even claimed the title of the richest person alive in April, surpassing tech giant Elon Musk. But who exactly makes up the clientele of these huge conglomerates? Who shoulders the weight of that giant 397-billion-dollar valuation? Is it the elite? The upper class? Surprisingly, no. It’s predominantly the upper-middle class that sustains the industry. Jean-Jacques Guiony, the Chief Financial Officer at LVMH, stated to the Financial Times in July, “We don't sell most Louis Vuitton products to rich people; it is to people who have money and want to indulge themselves.” So, the question becomes: why aren't the mega-rich, the upper-class, immersing themselves in this industry as enthusiastically as their middle-class counterparts? Why are they denying themselves of those sweet, sweet offerings from Louis Vuitton or Saint Laurent? Why are the 1% not buying luxury? But before we answer those questions, let's define what a luxury product actually is. I always wonder, what the process is creating these pieces. It almost looks like the universe. There is a life inside. Absolutely. While there are a lot, and I mean a lot, of definitions for what qualifies a product to be considered luxury, the most common criteria usually comes down to three things: a premium price point that creates a high barrier to entry, incredible craftsmanship with exceptional attention to detail, and a distinct capability to function as a symbol denoting wealth, or more specifically distinction. All successful brands within the realm of luxury are able to offer these services in one way or another. That being said, there is still a complex hierarchical web at play. So, let's begin at the basic level by categorizing them into financial groups. The biggest luxury houses, the ones that come to mind when most people picture luxury, fall into the category we'll refer to as the "Major League". Examples in this league include Louis Vuitton, Dior, Gucci, and Chanel. All of these brands either already have, or are on track to achieve, annual revenues of 10-billion-dollars. The standout in this group is undoubtedly LVMH's Louis Vuitton, which this year made history as the first luxury fashion brand to attain an annual revenue of 20-billion-dollars. These brands, as heads of their industry, typically lead the trends that we see both on the runway and on the streets. Their mission goes beyond merely creating luxury; they strive to push the boundaries of creativity itself. The next group of luxury houses is what we'll refer to as the "Minor League." Most luxury brands find their place in this category; but even in this league, there is a spectrum - both financial and creative. Some brands are well known to the general public, whereas others are more obscure, limited to fashion enthusiasts and people with enough money to buy luxury products. Can you please spell Gabbana? Hello? The more well-known and financially successful brands in this group generate around 2 to 5-billion-dollars in annual revenue. A few brands under this section are Celine, Saint Laurent, Armani, and Balenciaga. This subdivision in the Minor League mirrors the Major League in that, similar to most Major League brands, some are very much interested in a boundary-pushing and a more artistic vision of fashion. But it differs in that certain brands focus more on maintaining a traditional identity, aiming to conserve specific codes of dress. The other half of the Minor League is made up of brands not widely recognized by the general public but still hold prominence within the fashion industry. These brands cultivate their own niche of luxury consumers and typically generate annual revenues under 2-billion-dollars. Examples in this group include Loro Piana, Brunello Cucinelli, Bottega Veneta, and Loewe. Most of these brands fall under the category of quiet luxury - this will be important later - but some brands like Bottega Veneta and Loewe, are typically considered to be artistic rather than traditional houses. Despite this, both brands are still associated to the rigid quiet luxury movement because they offer products that align with the style’s philosophy. Both brands seem to have ambitions of transitioning to the other half of the Minor League, aiming to generate over 2-billion-dollars in revenue in the coming years and attain broader recognition beyond their niche. An example of a transformation of this type can be found in Celine. Under Hedi Slimane’s stewardship, the French house went from being a relatively niche 500-million-dollar brand to a global powerhouse raking in over 2-billion-dollars in revenue annually. Okay, now that we’ve outlined a general idea of the categories, we can begin to answer our initial question: why aren’t the 1% buying into luxury? Well, they are, but they aren’t. Remember when I said luxury categorisation is sort of like a web? This is where that idea comes into play: most rich people in America and Europe, and when I say “rich” I mean the top upper-class, opt to not invest in Major League brands when shopping for luxury goods. Instead, they spend their money on select Minor League brands, with a few exceptions that we’ll touch on later, that all fall within or intersect with the realm of quiet luxury. Quiet luxury is a fashion aesthetic coined to challenge the typical style associated to wealthy groups of people. It’s completely understated and subdued. See, there are multiple "variations" of quiet luxury but recurring motifs in most of them all include: subtle usage of or no logos, a subdued or achromatic colour palette, and no flamboyant designs. Of course, there are ways to experiment and play around with these elements and still embody the aesthetic - especially when it comes to embellishment, accessories, and aristocratic colourways such as gold and silver. But essentially, the aesthetic is about elevating "normal" clothes to offer an "if you know, you know" type of distinction. And why is this distinction important to the 1%? Sign value. See, sign value, a term French sociologist Jean Baudrillard, functions as the cornerstone of a luxury product. It delves into what an item symbolises in terms of social, cultural, or personal contexts. In the realm of luxury, sign value stands as the driving force behind the entire industry. It's the literal reason for its existence and success in the modern world. Sign value also reveals why brands situated in the Minor League, despite bringing in significantly lower annual revenue than their Major League counterparts, might possess symbolic significance equivalent to or even surpassing that of a Major League brand. This phenomenon can be attributed to factors and characteristics such as exclusivity, heritage, and craftsmanship, that become intertwined with the brand's identity. So by choosing to dress in a more understated manner, the 1% adopt a kind of sign value that signals to others that they aren't new money - people who have only recently acquired their wealth. The idea is that new money tends to showcase affluence through flashy displays, often marked by ostentation and conspicuous consumption. In contrast, the 1% tend to prefer a subtler approach. Embodying a more restrained sense of style that suggests they come from longstanding generational wealth. This distinction reflects a cultural narrative where old money conveys a sense of tradition, refinement, and social standing. While new money is associated with a more brash and immediate display of wealth. That said, despite being considered new money because their wealth doesn’t go back generations, members of the LVMH family, who are literally at the helm of almost every major luxury brand in the world, also embrace a simplistic approach to style. This underscores two points. First, that Old Money-New Money dynamics are less literal than they are a state of mind; and second, that these rigid distinctions do not completely apply to the modern day. Increasingly, uber-rich families and individuals who would be considered new money are adopting characteristics traditionally associated with old money. But back to the topic at hand, the 1% don't want Louis Vuitton monograms covering their handbags, and they really don’t want Gucci motifs all over their clothing. They intentionally avoid being plastered in overt luxury because they’re aiming to convey that they themselves personify wealth. I hinted at this before, but the brands that capture the attention of the 1% can usually find themselves in the Minor League. Brunello Cucinelli, Loro Piana, Ralph Lauren, Celine. All these brands fit neatly into the realm of quiet luxury. See, It's not the uber-rich carrying the heavyweights of the industry, most of them purposefully ignore the big designers and brands in fashion. it's the upper-middle class doing all that heavy lifting. And how do we know this? During the pandemic, while most businesses were grappling with dangerous financial underperformance and the very real possibility of permanent closures, the fashion industry thrived. LVMH's fashion and leather goods units saw a significant 18% increase in sales during the fourth quarter of 2020. Gucci, Kering’s crown jewel, delivered revenues of 11-billion-dollars, up 31.2% from 2020, exceeding pre-pandemic levels in 2021. Another luxury conglomerate, Richemont, reported sales exceeding 6 billion dollars in the company's third quarter of 2021, a performance 38% better than their 2019 Christmas quarter before the pandemic. The industry was experiencing an unprecedented boom. Any guess who was leading this boom? The upper-middle class of course. You see, during the pandemic a significant portion of the upper-middle class indulged in luxury treats with the additional savings they had in the bank. There was this sense that the world could literally come to an end at any moment. And this uncertainty about the future led many to believe that living in the moment was imperative. That even when quarantining with only a few friends and family, we had to live every day like it’s our last. And what was the result of this YOLO attitude? People started splurging out. You need to keep in mind what our good friend Jean-Jacques Guiony said earlier. Most luxury items from Major League brands are not targeted at the uber-wealthy upper classes, but instead at the upper middle classes. While I should note that Major League brands do offer custom made-to-order products exclusively designed for the 1% to request and purchase, such as couture and tailor-made clothing, the majority of their offerings cater to and are marketed towards the upper-middle class and “nouveau riche”. Are they expensive? I mean, yeah. But are they within reach? Relying solely on selling to the 1% wouldn't be enough to pass that 10-billion-dollar mark. It's important to know that when people say the “1%” nowadays, it's usually colloquialism for the 0.1%. A very, very, small demographic of people in the world. And do you think ambitious brands and conglomerates want to depend solely, or even primarily, on this demographic to achieve 10-billion-dollar goals? No way. It’s too risky. But the middle classes on the other hand? They’re the perfect group to rely on. Estimates indicate that the middle class demographic comprised about 350 million people. More than the entire population of the US. Men and women from the middle class are the ones purchasing those 3000-dollar handbags. ones splurging on pieces from the latest fashion week collections. They have the financial flexibility to occasionally indulge themselves without compromising their overall financial health. They are the literal lifeline of the modern-day fashion market. And where do the middle class shop when they want to indulge in luxury? The Major League of course. And when you think about it, it makes sense. Most people, even if they don't openly acknowledge it, place high significance on sign value. Only a small percentage of people make luxury purchases without considering the symbolic value attached to that particular luxury item. Imagine you don't have the financial means to consistently splurge on luxury. Instead, you opt to invest in a select few pieces of expensive luxury goods every few months or so. In this scenario, are you more likely to choose a product that clearly signifies its high price point, or would you rather something more obscure, a logo-less handbag for example, only recognizable to a specific niche that you’ll probably never run into? Chances are, you would lean towards the more “obvious” bag because it'll be easier to rationalise - and you’ve probably been conditioned to like it more anyway. How with this product which people want, can we maximise the desire. Our business – you asked a question about luxury – luxury, for me, is how can you create desire. This is why most Major League luxury brands become less attractive to the elite upper classes who seek exclusivity. They instead gravitate towards more understated brands. Still, for conglomerates, it's all the same. Their market value and revenue increase regardless, and they often have other brands in their portfolio that cater to the needs of both the 1% and the middle class. But remember, that was life during the pandemic. During that epic boom with constant, record-breaking highs in the industry. But what about now? Yeah, now, it’s not looking so good. The fashion industry, across nearly every metric, has been struggling to grapple with the post-pandemic world. Although still generating billions, the industry has significantly slowed down this past year, with LVMH experiencing a below-estimated 9% organic revenue growth and being dethroned by drugmaker Novo Nordisk as the most valuable company in Europe. Major League brands like Gucci are going through a very public struggle, with the brand's organic sales falling 7% in the third quarter of 2023 - worse than the 6.2% expected by analysts. The brand even appointed new creative director, Sabato De Sarno, who critics have noted has taken a considerably less daring approach to Gucci than his predecessor Alessandro Michele. Creative brands in the Minor League, such as Saint Laurent and Balenciaga, have also had to grapple with the new reality, with both reportedly experiencing some level of underperformance in sales this year. But why is this? Why did an industry experiencing so much growth during a pandemic of all of a sudden begin to slow down once we emerged from the crisis? Simple. The 1% are still spending, and the middle classes are not. Middle-class populations have begun to cut back on luxury spending, opting instead to save more and uniformly limit expenditures on non-essentials. They’re also delaying major purchases such as homes and cars, redirecting more money into savings amid rising levels of inflation and a global cost-of-living crisis. Bloomberg reports that this shift in behaviour is occurring on a global scale, affecting China, America, and Europe – all massive markets for the luxury industry. This trend explains the declines and underperformances seen from the Major League brands relying on middle-class spending. But, as you’ve probably already guessed, the brands not recording underperformances are predominantly from that latter category of the Minor League. Brunello Cucinelli, Ermenegildo Zegna, Loro Piana, Loewe. None of these brands have faltered in the post-pandemic era. In fact, some of them even reported record earnings. Brunello Cucinelli for example not only jumped a solid 27.5% in revenues during the second quarter of 2023 but also upgraded their revenue forecast for the third time last October because of this immense growth. Because these brands are attractive to the billionaire population, who are unfazed by concerns of inflation or costs of living, they continue to ride the money wave while their big-brother brands struggle to navigate the oceans. In addition to the Minor League brands appealing to the 1%, there are also a few Major League anomalies thriving in the post-pandemic landscape. One of these anomalies is French luxury brand Hermès. Despite undoubtedly being a Major League player, the house has achieved insane financial success, raking in 12-billion-dollars in annual revenue last year. Their ability to preserve a level of selectiveness gives them sign value that’s hard to find in most Major League fashion brands. Sign value that’s usually only reserved for the niche Minor League brands. With all that being said, quiet luxury doesn't appear to be so quiet anymore. TikTok videos, Instagram posts, and general discourse about "quiet luxury," "old money," "stealth wealth," and other variations of its kind have been on the rise for a while now. This surge has prompted people from all demographics to try to emulate the style. Whether that’s the small minority of the upper-middle class that still sporadically indulge in luxury switching to more niche brands, or the broader population opting for fast-fashion dupes in an attempt to mirror the 1%. Remember when I mentioned that Brunello Cucinelli and some other Minor League brands were achieving record sales? This is undoubtedly because some in the middle class, who are willing to take on a risk and splurge, may be shifting their preferences towards this "new" sign value. You just can't help but wonder: Is it just a matter of time before we witness a resistance of this style among the uber-rich? Could they abandon minimalism for something more dramatic in reaction to the once "quiet" style no longer maintaining its hushed demeanour? Only time will tell.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dr.Wario.1981 [1 likes]: Rich people also buy luxury, the difference is midtier buisnessmen n their ladies flex infront of audience n realy filthy rich cant be seen cause they are paranoid about safety issues...lol 😂🎉😅😊
  2. @vcozma66 [1 likes]: Not to brag,  but I own a Dior cologne!
  3. @SuperDraupnir: Lol. Why did you pronounce Novo Nordisk with an French accent?
  4. @ddc-j6j: Rich people wear luxury clothes all the time, but Gucci and LV are fast fashion 😂
  5. @Waterfront975: I speculate very rich people dont buy things from stores, they tell an artisan what they want and they make it for them. Its like buying a first class ticket versus having your own jet. Also unique items, art and specialized jewellry that are limited I think might be interesting for them. I am thinking about that meteorite that was shown in the James Bond film Spectre, or maybe a dinosaur fossile, those are the sort of things that might be alluring for them.
  6. @keshavraman7739: Aren’t these luxury products investments and not ordinary goods.
  7. @thegray-man: This is such a dumb video. They said that MOST of their customers are upper-middle-class. WHY? Because there are NOT enough super-rich to outnumber them. There are way more middle-class consumers than ultra-rich consumers, hence the higher number. The ultra-rich are buying luxury, but there just are not enough of them to outnumber the middle-class consumers.
  8. @michael_dugan: The mega rich do wear luxury clothes it just doesn’t have logos on it
  9. @KhaledBenDhaou75: The brands are for the wannabe rich. Rich people don't spend that much.
  10. @DannielleBeard-v9n: The perfect size for my wrist.  :yt: amzswis :yt: lists all dimensions to help find the perfect fit.
  11. @dmitritelvanni4068: Just being available to so many middle class people makes it not luxury. Its not a strong status symbol if the joneses the poor middle class guys are keeping with have it already. And youre better than the joneses... arent you?
  12. @oldmoney.68: real old money is first read by the gait, then in the eyes, then confirmed by the manners, and only then by everything else
  13. @David-h4z2s: Quite luxury look always looks like a cloak and dagger hitman look
  14. @eng3d: Most modern rich people have no style or elegance. For example, the politics, the CEOs, etc. Most of them dress in a very generic, cheap, and unappealing style.
Trump, awful. Clinton, awful, Obama, awful, Elon Musk, awful, Tim Cook, generic and nothing special, Satya Nadella, awful, Bezos, awful. 
Sheesh.
  15. @R1947M: Ha Ha Ha
  16. @Anthony-h2g8g: We don't associate generic designer brands like LV as luxury. Only poor people like it
  17. @JoyceDoyle-i3w: Interestingly, because we "eat with our eyes", quality and the aura of success are important. Quality is very subjective, so I don't like to spend a lot of money on luxury watches. I shop at :yt: amzswis :yt: and now I can't say what is the best value for money, but at least I think the quality makes no difference and I am satisfied!
  18. @rks5457: this is what middle class people like to tell themselves
  19. @SuperP37: completely wrong.
  20. @cia5946: They wear niche products

- Man uses junk cars as revenge on neighbors: Kind: captions Language: en PARKER COLLINS IS LIVE NEAR BUFFALO AND ALEXANDER TO SHOW US WHAT HE'S DOING AFTER BEING REPORTED TO HIS H-O- A. SEE THESE JUNK CARS HERE? THE HOMEOWNER BOUGHT THESE OVER THE WEEKEND AND PARKED THEM IN HIS DRIVEWAY AND CUL DE SAC HE PLANS TO BUY EVEN MORE... JUST TO MAKE HIS NEIGHBORS MAD HE SAYS SINCE HE MOVED IN JANUARY... HE'S GOTTEN ALMOST HALF A DOZEN CITATIONS FROM THE HOA. HE SAYS THE PROBLEMS ARE MINOR... SEVERAL SMALL WEEDS... RUST ON THE GATE... THE FACT THAT HE BUILT A CARPORT IN HIS BACKYARD. WHEN TALKING WITH HIS NEIGHBORS BROKE DOWN... HE HATCHED THIS PLAN. HE'S ALREADY SPENT A THOUSAND DOLLARS BUYING DUMPY CARS AND HE'S NOT STOPPING. 8:05:29-8:05:37 "IF YOU'RE GOING TO BE LIKE THIS THEN I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU SOMETHING TO CRY ABOUT. I SAID 'I'M GOING TO BUY A HEAR WHAT THE NEIGHBORS HAVE TO SAY SOC GOOD MORNING LAS VEGAS TIME NOW IS X:XX ---

  Top Comments:
  1. @MarkVerrante [1 likes]: HOA
  2. @andrewwolf4430: unfortunately no shortage of whining hoa neighbors
  3. @jamesc37: Tone deaf af. Those “junk cars” would be an upgrade for millions of Americas. Also why do you celebrate people that sign contracts, agree to terms, violate the terms, then complain about the contract. wtf. Losers, complete and total losers
  4. @alisonhorton2180: Is there an update on this
  5. @the1GoldStandard: 😂😂😂
  6. @AC-os1he: I mean but its his own fault for moving into an hoa, maybe he was thinking they would only bother other people?
  7. @GreenLeaf04: love the comments!!!        always so creative and fun to read!!!
  8. @KnightLock92: Buys cars that’ll out live what the neighbors have 😆😆
  9. @Splendid_Lad: HOAs are the worst. It’s a bunch of old people with nothing better to do with their time.
  10. @NoOne-py5or: Junk cars? Them Hondas will run for a lifetime
  11. @user-hv4we1yn1m: F his neighbors
  12. @user-hv4we1yn1m: Yo those are nice
  13. @DipDip-Nothing-Will-Happen: I love this man.
  14. @maxwellspeedwell2585: You just can’t put a price on somethings in life.
  15. @jurek991: People have forgotten how to mind their own fucken business.
  16. @user-bf7vy3ub9c: The delusional people calling perfectly drivable cars junk cars dude. I kid you not.
  17. @maxwellspeedwell2585: May I recommend a large & long 1973 Winnebago?  How about the Oscar Meyer Weinermobile?
  18. @maxwellspeedwell2585: Dig 12 large holes arranged in a circle. Drop one school bus into each hole, stand them up straight, and backfill. Leave about 30’ of bus sticking out of each hole.  School bus henge!
  19. @A-FrameWedge: You’re only getting one side of the story.
  20. @onoT-n6c: Why move into a neighborhood with an HOA in first place.

- I Bought My Neighbor His Dream Car And He Got MAD 😡: Kind: captions Language: en I'm not sitting in that damn thing again I'm not even a neighbor anymore I live across the street I going paint a white line right down in the middle and you come across I'm going to shoot you so most of you know and love grumpy who you've seen so many times in my videos but a lot of you don't know what truly special people grumpy and his wife Carla are we've got so many questions of uh how am I related to grumpy is he my grandpa is he my dad anything like that and we're we're not actually related at all grumpy and Carl are neighbors just down here across the road and when we bought this property right here and moved in next order and we didn't know that they were the best thing about this place we became good friends pretty quick and then grumpy started coming and helping out on the off-road recoveries at first he was not at all a fan of the camera but that definitely turned around and now he is just as much a fan of you guys as you are of him we all got to know each other a lot better from there and grumpy and Carla have become like family to us we celebrate holidays together birthdays when my daughter has school performances grumpy and Carla are right there next to us watching they have become what we didn't have here in Oregon you see we don't have any family here in Oregon we didn't have any friends or even know anyone we moved up here my wife and I just packed up with a one-year-old baby and we moved up here so when people ask how I'm related to grumpy um I'm not he's my neighbor but luckily you don't have to be related to be family and that's exactly what we've become and we could not have found two better people to be our family up here I like to help people you guys know that grumpy and Carla on a whole another level with that uh you've seen in the past videos we've done with the giving plate uh the food bank that we helped out uh through the patreon project Carla goes shopping every month and donates that food straight to the giving plate they've been doing that for years uh the uh wheelchair project we did with patreon which I don't know if that's posted before or after this video but either way I'll put a link to that at the end here uh the patreon money didn't cover the purchase of those wheelchairs uh actually the patreon money's actually never covered any of the projects we've done normally I have an idea to do something the money doesn't quite cover it so I just throw in the rest but this time grumpy pitched in the rest to make that wheelchair purchase happen uh they help everyone else out you could imagine they're the first to jump in and help with something projects around the house uh fixing the road taking care of the road out front when the road department isn't doing it they are always there to help and just good people from top to bottom but they will never ask for or expect anything in return which is exactly why I wanted to do something for him in return you see grumpy loves him some classic cars and grumpy and Carla who's recently retired love to go cruising together and he could not have been more excited when I bought this old Dodge car here especially since it was a 1930 cuz way back in the olden days grumpy had a 1930 Model A Ford two-door sedan full hard top version and he absolutely loved it but time goes on interest changed he sold that car uh had a couple hot rods stuff like that but realized that the one he always wanted was right back to that same old Model A Ford so since Grumpy's been such a big part of this here YouTube channel and more importantly our lives here in Oregon I really wanted to do something for him it's an idea I've had in my head for a long time and I've done some poking and proding to figure out exactly what type of old car he really wanted and then when I bought this one I let him take it for a drive and seeing the Joy on his face driving this old car and how happy he was I knew it was time we needed to make it happen so I pulled out my phone I got on the old Facebook Marketplace and I started searching and searching and searching until I found Grumpy's perfect car so my plan was to buy it and surprise grumpy with it but I wanted his approval on the one I actually bought to make sure he actually liked it so what I told him was yeah I've got this cool old school car but it's not actually old school original car with the modern drivetrain and all that I really want one with a modern drivetrain to be my my truly antique classic car and this be the daily driver I told him I found one looked all original asked if he'd come with me to come check it out I sent him some pictures to show it to him to make sure he was actually interested in it and I wanted him to just come look it over with me which he totally agreed to but that is where my plan went completely sideways and grumpy almost ruined the whole thing because what I didn't know is that grumpy liked that car I showed him so much that he brought cash with him to buy it if I didn't he figured he'd been thinking about his dream car for so long he was finally going to see one in person he wasn't going to miss out on it again then once we got there checking it all out looking it over he come up and told me I'll take it I'll buy it right now if you don't really want it I will buy it that was his dream car it was everything he wanted it was worth the price he wanted that car the problem with that was was in order to make this whole plan work I still had to buy it which meant I had to block him from buying his dream car and buy it for myself right in front of him and I've always said Grumpy's name is very ironic because he's the nicest happiest person ever the grumpy definitely came out on this one he was not thrilled that he just missed out on his car his dream car again but he's such a think about others person that he still let me buy his dream car for myself when I already had this one sitting here that's just the type of person he is even if he is a little grumpy about it okay we're on the hunt so we'll see who BS the highest on this one oh is this a competition huh is this a competition really yeah I didn't know that uhhuh you're going to be bidding against me on this thing well I get I win the bidd and pay you for hauling it oh really yeah okay we'll see how this goes I think I'm out of the race Dave's going to watch yeah interesting or else we make David Drive at home that's the best idea yet we make him drive at home and we follow in the truck judging him and laughing the whole time yeah exactly uh I put new plywood floors in it uh I rewired the thing headlight the tail light with LED lights there's a battery kill switch right here so it's all 12 voled it's all 6V ground 6V positive ground but but led and I added a second tail light so you have turn signals now cuz before they had just one and no no turn signals so it's got two tail lights now with turn yep yep oh it's got the roller and the dash for the everything everything works it's it looks at it's got It's got a few little chips and dings it's not this when about 15 I had a 32 door yeah well there you [Music] go like this is like nice enough that it's really nice but not so nice you're not going to want to drive it exactly you know driver quality is what I call it exactly you know not it's not show quality there just got some flow there's a there's a little chip in a hairline started on one one pane there yep oh that's only on the outside one right it's only on one pane or one one layer of the glass but what do you think graffy it had uh it had a pretty it I'll buy it right now so you like it I like it okay so these are fairly new yep all new hoses belts stock stock M right yep yeah spring clamps exactly condenser throttle rewi wiring fun isn't it it's not bad actually really is pretty easy compared to a lot of cars that wi to the fan blade it's just like an airplane propeller just sign was a isn't this just look so simple compared to mine yeah there so much room I think mine's simple compared to like what a modern vehicle looks like under the hood jet engine brand new tire no no they're older Tire they actually have a little bit of weather check on them yeah but not much you're also running tubes I mean right oh yeah so it's not this isn't holding the air exactly you see the ones I pull off of mine mhm did you see a picture of that that was scary I should not have gone that fast in that car we can pull it outside we get a better light outside oh you know what these are I have no idea if you want to open both sides and at the same time then you can open both sides I need to get that for mine I don't have that well you got a Resto punk punk yeah but it goes down to freeway yeah it does I was TR I didn't watch I started he asked me how fast I was going I said about 55 he h up was 75 yeah I had the GPS feed on my phone yeah how fast you 55 no you're doing 75 we'll pull this outside get better lighting let's pull it out huh let's pull it out oh I think he likes it I think so too he's going to be so upset when I buy it there we are right that's a lot better shape from the pict show yeah no I think this is a perfect combination of nice but you'll still want to drive it so go in here and do the trk signal break hey hey hey okay uh you can get an oil filter on come back this way won't come off this way right there yeah one that goes this way is really tight against the carburetor and one that go this way really easy to get on and off but just really close C on the everything looks good underneath to no Rusty looks good you can buy a a fter that go inside of there want to make it a cartridge style well no it's just like a scam filler F in case you got big chunks going through little chunks go on too I think that's a pretty good gas St I've never seen expect anything yeah the problem is a lot ofly yeah if you don't want it I'll buy it going lay under the exhaust bite I just like the smell it's got pretty good tires on it for run and and a halfway de some spare so I like it I'll take it okay are you familiar with these how how everything works starting procedure and all that stuff no cuz I need to walk you through that yeah don't worry graffy I'll let you drive it whenever you want there is a there is a technique I'm not sitting at that damn thing again I did put the put the uh seat extender brackets in here so the seats are C that farther than Factory cuz otherwise you can't get your fat feet in here yeah so here's your spark Advance yep all the way forward to start down there about Midway is normal running condition unless you're you're pulling a hill or something you may even go a little farther but basically all the way forward to start start it then bring it down yep your this is your idle you can if it's really cold out you want to have a fast idle whatever you pull it down there further for idle how many clicks you go down to start this one uh I put it all the way to the top for start on on spark but on throttle I don't I haven't I don't I never touched that any time I do that if it's really cold out and it's okay use it as kind of Choke okay okay um oh so it's straight moving the throttle pedal down there yeah exactly okay so this is just a handam throttle in addition to the pedal got it okay it's not a mixture that's your mixture this is your mixture this is your gas air valve mixture mhm I think the books say You're supposed to turn it all the way in and you're supposed to Dave just told me about of a turn start it then go back to it this this likes to run farther unscrewed than most books recommend each one there's choke as soon as you pull it out hit the starter as soon as it coughs and starts running let go of it push it in that's all the choke you need okay and of course your starters there gas here's the little foot rest you're talking about grumpy that mine needed yeah and that's what I got in the 40 it saves you on Drive fuel shut off right there yep fuel shut off all this is all new you definitely want to shut that off when you park it it's gravity feed to that c that it'll just leak out you'll just have a gas bomb don't park it in the garage with a water heater in there gas water heater I mean it's it will leak downhill from there guaranteed if you don't shut that off and that's a brand new valve out the carburetor out it'll leak out the carburetor if you leave that gas you know the floats are never got pop out windshield y this is your AC y so the windshield swings out for yep uh ventilation this one does not have the wiper in it somebody's taking that out part of the reason that is is you can't open your windshield and get ventilation with the wipers in you can barely disc crack them open a little bit so a lot of guys don't run I mean I don't know if you're going to drive in the rain or not but most guys don't so somebody's taking that out you can see on the intake manifold where somebody has plugged the vacuum vacuums that used to feed that the best thing to do is now that you have a the cable where you mount the drive in here yeah and then you run the cable up here and you got both wipers yep and that's nice cuz it's electric exactly so it is 6vt positive ground other than having an alternator instead of a generator and it has turn signals with two tail lights pretty much it's more more St I put LED everything on mine the headlight the headlights were unbelievable differ going down there in a 6vt and hit the break and nobody sees it this is nice like mine like the Dodge but all old school and not so fancy don't be whining to me buy it and let's go or you know eveny Christmas you're a Wier but not so fancy that you want to leave it in the garage no so you you want to Drive you're right this will be fun to drive in the parade you can drive to the parade to town this or you can have collector plates like Washington does yep yeah you're limited on what you can do that's what they tell you yeah they got to catch you hey when you're driving something like this everywhere you go is a show huh said when you're you go is a show or if you're working on it to and from the mechanic yeah mhm I got I got my here I've been tweaking on that carburetor on that Dodge I just did normal plates on it and normal everything that way that's no cuz that's an up and down the highway again to get a lot of miles right did you say the carburetor need a little more tweaking like I said that gas adjust valve was out farther than what they say if you leave the G the fuel on it leaks but I think that's pretty typical of these cars well yeah you're supposed to shut the fuel off anytime usually what I do is if I'm going to park it I shut the fuel off and let it run till it dies shut the key in the battery off that's you're that way you don't have a bow full of fuel dripping in your garage or whatever that's the way you're supposed to shut them off yep shut the fuel off and let it burn out and cuz only takes about four cranks for it to start again oh yeah yep well worth every penny except for this mess right here yeah I like it it it's yeah this is good yep exactly what I was hoping it would be good there's all the cash all right grab a time for you I got some ramps out so I I brought a catalog for you for new rubbers and and you got a parts kettle this it's in my and you brought it yeah you want it I'll give it to you he's way too into this thing to make him P the whole way home you brought a parts catalog I know just in case there's your gift so this is my gift well that's an old one but it was one I happened to have laying around you talk about side you know I was talking about the side curtains mhm and P your two back or your side curtains for your open cars oh there's all the headliners yeah you can get everything for it and then it goes into carburetors and bushing every little nut and bolt and pin and clip and all of it yep well thank you now I got a whole lot of shopping to do yeah give me uh make your bill of sale here okay sign the title and you're you go so can I hang that sign stolen on the back now now I'm grumpier cuz he got that I now your name fits huh so now your name fits I'm not even a neighbor anymore I live across the street I going paint a white line right down the middle when you come across I'm going to shoot [Applause] you he likes that thing so much he's so bummed out I now feel bad I get you to sign this one then I got a copy and the rest is your just saying you bought it as his condition I don't want to worry about yeah the rest is all yours hey grappy check this out the other thing about what how about you take this back cuz you're going to need it because this is your car what is that it's your car no you're a kid no I'd hug you and kiss you if I could but I don't you didn't shave this morning what' you do that for because you have been amazing to us the best neighbors ever you've done so much for us for Riley for you've been such a big part of this channel this is exactly what you told me you were looking for a while back so this is yours we didn't come all the way up here to buy it for me why not okay you get the tea and I'll buy that for you okay and we'll go get that today too oh really yeah we're trading now no we'll get the tea for you I got the Dodge this is your your bu I can't my good perfect oh Bo oh boy good stuff there's several things in there there's the brake shoes that came off for stairs there's a jack fuel line water pump you can rebuild again somebody kned it I was talking about the other thing you can do is just take the top regulator hold off right and put a washer in it that one actually has a um thermostat in it in the in the oh okay um that's something there's your distributor housing cap more spring clamp yeah the old wiring the other carburetor this has been rebuilt and picked so it's good to go this distri here as you don't know it's cracked it's got all new guts in it but they were put in they the case itself one of the ears was cracked it's like it'll never hold a a cap properly but it has good guts so um there's other bunch of carburetor parts pieces needles and jets a new coil brand new coil ah just good road spur stuffff huh good road spur stuff yeah throw your little tub together so you got to tow a trailer to go somewhere wow these the bulbs that came out those were the old bulbs right they still they still work they just were I just upgraded everything to LED just good spares uh can you help me lift that some there de yep go ready yep wait okay thank you thank you appreciate it really cool thank you well I'm sure I'm going to go out and get a Dusty with him good and then I'm going to make David so did you really bring money to buy that if I didn't I did you were going to try to buy it out from under me well it depends on how you went I was de I wasn't going to be really bad about it but I was you wanted it I was going to push it you wanted it yeah no I I knew it was what you wanted I didn't think you were going to bring money and try to out bid me hey play my game you got to play tough okay well I think I beat you at your own game on this you won today yeah you probably won for the next 6 months sixth 6 months that's all you then you got to get him another car we got we got to start over they can wait a little longer for that fuel bow to fill up cuz he ran it all the way out St back perfect David that's one of the coolest things we've ever done it's pretty cool that's a really cool car it makes me happy nice I'm glad you like it oh I do especially since it's the exact one you looking good Bo so especially since it's the exact one you were looking for yep one I have was blue with black fenders I was a second owner and I have one Little Neck that old lady8 own it we had one little Nick in the fender there somebody had taken all of the window frames and chrome them how long ago was that 60 like 65 years 62 years something like that yeah it's been a while yep been want one back ever since a good portion yeah I'm going to wear it out perfect the best thing for it yeah wear it out till Wheels fall off and put new ones on and do it again and do it again and I'll probably be in the grave before I wear this out oh thank you for being you you deserve it come here drink Bo you deserve it well I don't know about that part of it we can pretend let's get that box stuff out so this is truly one of the most special to me videos I have ever done and I cannot thank every one of you every single person watching this video right now every single person who's watched any of my videos whether you loved them hated them like me think I'm the biggest idiot ever it doesn't matter every single view I've ever had every single person watching right now is the reason I was able to do what I was able to do for grumpy and Carla and I am beyond grateful for all of you you putting me in that position it means more to me than I could ever tell you and I also got to say thank you to grumpy and Carla just thank you for being the people that you are you guys deserve every bit of this go enjoy your car

  Top Comments:
  1. @silentepsilon888 [6900 likes]: Grumpy brought a parts catalog, the only one he had and saved for decades, waiting for the day when he would be able to find another car like the one he once had. And yet, he was going to part with that catalog he cherished and give it to you because you now had a greater use for it than he did - that man has a big heart and I am glad he got his catalog back along with a car to use it on. Casey, I agree, this is the best video you made so far.
  2. @paulcarlson4230: 1st episode i watched,idk your channel, but that was cool,good friends
  3. @simonling6704: Back for a second watch 2026. It would be great to see a second video of the car and what Grumpy has done with it, anything mechanically and driving, maybe a parade. Great video. Thanks Casey!
  4. @annhartel4426: One if your best videos
  5. @earlpresley6313: Just watched this episode. Just gotta say, not an emotional guy. But that just made me cry A little. More people should be like you. This world would be a better place
  6. @charlesthomas1159: WHEN YOU TRY TO SUPRISE AND IT GETS HARD.
THE BOW KEYS AT CHRISTMAS.
  7. @caseyjonessnr1200: What a beautiful and wonderful thing to do for Grumpy. Your actions brought tears to my eyes 😢.
  8. @JoseRivera-lt2cc: True spirit of … PASS IT FORWARD! Great demonstration of love thy neighbor.
  9. @davidjodi143: Grumpy wasn't  grumpy any more...he was so happy...he cried!
He was getting a little upset....you gave in at the very best moment!!!❤😊❤😊❤😊❤
Priceless!!!🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉
  10. @ScottReeder-r3b: This was an awesome video.  He was well deserved
  11. @joeprintz: Absolutely amazing
  12. @TheOrdinaryBiker: That car is super cool.  Also super cool what you did.  I love that he was going to buy it no matter, let you buy it, then got it back all in one quick span.
  13. @sargeant308: No idea why this video was recommended to me a year later, but I don't regret watching it!
  14. @Mr.M1STER: Looks like you made an old man very happy. Good stuff.
  15. @82Bjarni: Some old men is just gold❤
  16. @laurence1643: True unconditional friendship !
  17. @jangrahame4891: After watching you surprise your grandpa with a new forklift, I just had to revisit you gifting Grumpy with his dreamcar all over again!
  18. @Kris379Peterbilt: I'm not sure how I missed this episode! Grampy is awesome! Casey so freaking cool of you to do this for them!!
  19. @mikey2576: 😢😢
  20. @mikey2576: It’s like a gangster mobile

- Neighbour crashes in to my BMW 6GT in the parking #bmw: Kind: captions Language: en accidents as we all know are inevitable it does not matter whether you are out there on the road or your car is just lying in the parking lot so this happened in my parking lot when my neighbor crashed into Mica while she was taking her car out and then she rang me up and I went down to take a look she was still in that shock and nervous about how I was going to react to the whole situation then I helped her with parking the car and I told her there is nothing to worry as there are no major damages anywhere to be seen and it's just the scratches in the ppf she also agreed to Bear the expenses to fix the ppf what matters the most is that she showed the courage and willingness to ring me up and tell me that hey this happened and she's sorry and also she's ready to do what is needed I really appreciate her for that like I said there are only scratches in the ppf in Mica but her car has got a broken bumper the bumper was out of place after the impact and I had to push it in so yeah uh drive safe my friends and thanks for watching [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @aptavi [1 likes]: bro my son is 8 but he knows how to take out car in this situation. Hats off for the genius girl. Who give them the license
  2. @rahulravi9754: She wanted your attention.
  3. @forgreaterindia: why to give them cars if they don't know how to drive??
  4. @ahmedrata_construction9276: Sue her
  5. @sohammhatre: She seems like a good person but an absolute liability for herself and others on the road
  6. @sandeepjangidelectrical4186: She is Lerner?
  7. @biakhaukip2465: 😂😅 who give her license lol😂
  8. @SangitaChauhan-f5b: Yeah Inevitable accident when women drives😂
  9. @lightningplayzgaming4727: WOMEN
  10. @lightningplayzgaming4727: The Physics in her brain be like:
  11. @sameerann4890: Outcomes of acquiring license without training
  12. @rakeshjghadge0386: Gentleman ❤
  13. @edwardjazz7274: who gave her a driving licence
  14. @gsdfact8273: She 😂
  15. @chethannagaraja6296: Madam stuck in ♾️ time loop glitch.
  16. @Justvibe-r7g: Bet you, she will blame the parked car.
  17. @paru155: Why are u exposing her here?😢
  18. @Gaming_With_Aayu16: Aaah so painn 😢
  19. @SaathwikChowdaryGorantla: Girls shld never be allowed to drive a car or anything for that matter
  20. @AmeyaRanade: Bhai kar kya raha tha ye?

- How Luxury Brands Brainwash You to Buy: Kind: captions Language: id Ini Louis Vuitton, merek mewah paling berharga di dunia. Tiap tahun, mereka jual produk lebih dari lima belas miliar dolar dan pimpin pasar fesyen mewah dengan laba tertinggi dari semua pesaingnya. Tapi yang tak terlihat adalah cara merek miliaran dolar ini... sasar orang miskin bukan yang kaya, dan masuk ke pikiran mereka pakai ilmu saraf dan pemasaran 'tuk kendalikan pikiran massa. Dan hari ini, saya di Beverly Hills 'tuk belanja di lima merek fesyen mewah top dunia, dan bongkar persis cara mereka lakukannya. Dan ini adalah kacamata belanja rahasia kami, agar kami bisa mendapatkan rekaman dan membongkar semua taktik yang perusahaan-perusahaan ini gunakan langsung di toko mereka. Di sini sepuluh ribu empat ratus, dan ini sepuluh ribu delapan ratus. Dan saya juga akan tunjukkan cara terapkan taktik yang sama ke bisnis Anda 'tuk tingkatkan laba secara drastis. Jika Anda belum kenal, saya Sabri Suby. Investor di Shark Tank. Saya hasilkan tujuh koma delapan miliar dolar untuk klien saya. Yang pertama yakni Louis Vuitton. Jadi, sebelum kita masuk ke dalam tokonya, ini adalah beberapa taktik pemasaran yang biasanya mereka gunakan di toko yang akan saya perhatikan dengan sangat baik. Jadi merek ini, lakukan langkah paling ekstrem untuk ciptakan eksklusivitas. Stok mereka yang terbatas itu semua cuma tipuan. Apa Anda pikir mereka tak punya dana untuk pergi dan sediakan barang yang cukup buat penuhi permintaan? Tentu saja punya. Itu disengaja. Mereka ingin jaga stok tetap rendah, supaya tingkatkan urgensi Anda 'tuk bertindak sekarang saat barangnya ada dan agar terlihat jauh lebih menggiurkan. Jadi saya dan pengawal saya masuk ke Louis Vuitton 'tuk selidiki. Saya suruh mereka pura-pura saya ini syekh miliarder dari Dubai 'tuk lihat cara merek mewah ini perlakukan saya di dalam. Dan, seketika itu juga, kami langsung dihadapkan pada tantangan pertama kami. Cari dompet paspor. Maaf, ini semuanya khusus wanita. Oke. Dekat, dua blok. Kami masuk ke toko khusus wanita. Jadi kami beralih ke toko pria untuk coba beli dompet paspor. Seketika, kami diberi staf belanja pribadi 'tuk temani keliling toko. Saya temukan dompetnya dipajang dan coba tebak? Mereka bilang barang ini permintaannya gila-gilaan dan tak tersedia di toko ini. Tapi saya enggan menyerah, jadi kami berkendara empat puluh menit ke toko Louis lainnya. kami disambut staf belanja pribadi lainnya. Saya bilang saya ingin dompet paspor dan dia langsung bawa saya ke bagian perjalanannya. Nah, ini adalah bagian yang serunya. Dia bilang kalau dompet yang sedang saya cari itu sangat susah untuk didapat. Dan saat dia mengecek ke gudang di belakang toko, dia coba menjual kacamata seharga seribu dolar, juga sebuah tas wol seharga empat ribu dolar. Akhirnya mereka punya dompetnya, tapi entah bagaimana mereka bilang itu adalah stok yang terakhir. Baiklah, jadi kita baru beli Louis V. Apa pun produk yang Anda pilih dan inginkan, mereka akan langsung memvalidasinya. Itu adalah produk kami yang paling populer. Kami cuma punya satu stok lagi yang tersisa dari jenis itu. Dan dengan batasi pasokan, barangnya jadi jauh lebih diinginkan. Dan kenapa orang tertawa dan mereka bilang, "Oh, itu terlalu ekstrem.". Alasan mereka lakukannya karena itu berhasil. Dan bukan cuma merek fesyen mewah yang besar ini saja. Pikirkan beberapa merek favorit Anda. Pikirkan Apple, misalnya. Anda tak bisa ke sana dan langsung beli produk baru mereka kapan pun Anda mau. Mereka cuma punya jumlah stok tertentu yang dikirim ke tiap lokasi. Dan kalau Anda coba telepon duluan dan bilang, "Hei, apa saya bisa beli iPhone tipe ini?", mereka bilang, "Entahlah, kami dapat kiriman jumlah tertentu tiap hari dan kami tak tahu apa yang akan mereka kirim.". Dan seluruh penciptaan eksklusivitas itulah yang buat orang-orang datang berbondong-bondong 'tuk beli produk mereka. Selanjutnya adalah Dior. Merek fesyen mewah nomor dua di dunia. Mereka cetak penjualan lebih dari sebelas miliar dolar per tahun. Dan mereka punya tas jinjing ini, harganya tiga ribu lima ratus dolar dan ongkos buatnya cuma lima puluh tujuh dolar! Dan internet benar-benar heboh bahas soal ini. Ongkosnya kurang dari enam puluh dolar 'tuk tas seharga lima ribu dolar. Ayo mari kita masuk dan lihat taktik apa yang nantinya akan mereka gunakan pada kita. Jadi kami masuk ke butik Dior dan langsung saja meminta untuk melihat tas jinjing seharga lima puluh tujuh dolar itu. Saya sungguh tidak percaya kalau mereka menjual tas ini seharga tiga ribu lima ratus dolar. Ini katun Mesir. Ini ditenun. Dan walau menurut saya ini tak ada istimewanya, saya harus mengakuinya karena... Ini adalah hal pertama yang selalu saya lakukan saat seorang klien melakukan transfer sebesar lima puluh ribu dolar. Saya segera menelepon mereka dan saya langsung katakan dari awal, bahwa Anda harus melipatgandakan harga jual Anda. Karena Anda ingin berjualan di titik harga yang premium. Kecuali jika memang model bisnis Anda itu ditujukan untuk bisa melayani seluruh pasar agar tidak ada seorang pun yang bisa menyaingi harga Anda, jika tidak, bermain di pasar kelas bawah adalah suatu hal yang sangat bodoh. Dan Anda tentu tidak akan pernah mau bersaing menjual dengan harga termurah karena Anda tidak akan pernah bisa menang. Semua harga itu sebenarnya hanyalah buatan manusia! Soal penetapan harga produk, pengaturannya penting. Jadi, pikirkan cara presentasi produk. Jika fisik, di mana lokasi foto produknya? Apa di sebelahnya, model, pencahayaan, estetika, dan tata letaknya? Yang jarang dipahami adalah penanaman harga, yaitu saat Anda siapkan prospek berdasarkan asosiasi, area, dan semua yang mereka lihat sebelum Anda tawarkan. Selanjutnya adalah Gucci. Semua orang tahu Gucci. Ini merek fesyen paling mencolok yang pernah ada. Ada sabuk Gucci, sepatu pantofel, baju terusan. Jadi saya akan masuk dan bergaya penuh dengan barang Gucci itu. Mari kita lihat taktik yang mereka jalankan. Kami masuk ke Gucci, dan hal pertama yang saya sadari adalah pria di pintu yang tugasnya cuma persilakan Anda lewati tali beludru mereka. Saya beri tahu mereka saya ingin tampil sekeren mungkin, jadi mereka bawa saya ke belakang toko, ke semua bajunya. Mereka tawarkan tak lain dari air berkarbonasi terbaik. Lalu saya minta coba salah satu setelan olahraga mereka. Mereka biarkan saya tunggu sekitar sepuluh menit. Tebakan saya ini taktik supaya saya lihat-lihat lebih banyak. Saya lihat-lihat sepatu, sabuk Gucci, lalu mereka panggil saya ke ruang ganti 'tuk coba setelan olahraganya. Dan biar saya beri tahu, ini sungguh konyol! Dan harga satu setelnya sekitar lima ribu dolar. Anda jelas beli merek dan status dengan barang ini. Kita cari status sosial. Dari sekolah tempat kita belajar, tempat kita bekerja, sampai jenis baju yang kita pakai. Semua orang... mau tunjukkan status tertentu, dan kita semua ingin dilihat... punya status lebih tinggi dari orang-orang di sekitar kita. Banyak bisnis yang cuma diam. Mereka pikirkan semua fitur dan manfaat dari apa pun yang mereka jual. Tapi mereka tak memikirkan... apa beli produk mereka cerminkan sudut pandang status? Dan apa tandanya, atau status seperti apa yang terbuka kalau seseorang membeli dari Anda? Dan kalau dipikirkan merek mewah ini, Anda... tak beli bahannya, Anda tak beli katunnya, Anda tak beli semua hal spesifik itu. Ya, mereka tekankan keahlian dan kualitasnya, tapi itu cara mereka benarkan penjualan. Bukan itu cara mereka bikin Anda mau beli di awal. Ini penjualan emosional! Mereka jual status karena... punya logo Gucci besar di setelan Anda, sebab mereka tahu semua *rapper*, selebritas, *influencer*, semuanya pakai itu. Dan, Anda ingin jadi seperti mereka. Dan karena itu, ini seperti kode curang. Jika Anda beli ini, Anda akan jadi seperti mereka. Sebelum kita bahas taktik manipulasi yang mungkin tergila yang pernah saya lihat dari peritel mana pun di Rolex, saya putuskan 'tuk beri sedikit lelucon ke orang-orang di Balenciaga. Mereka ini dikenal dengan desain anehnya, seperti tas keripik kulit seribu delapan ratus dolar, dan gelang lakban empat ribu dolar. Jadi saya minta coba *hoodie* kebesaran terbesar mereka dan favorit Kanye, sepatu *boots croc* kebesaran. Bro, saya hampir saja... tidak bisa menahan tawa waktu kamu suruh mereka bawakan sepatu *croc* yang super konyol itu. Produk mereka sangat liar jadi pasti ada alasan lain kenapa mereka bisa jualan lebih dari satu koma empat miliar dolar setahun. Mereka ahlinya mengecoh internet dan konsumen pakai sesuatu bernama *neuromarketing*. Dan *neuromarketing* adalah cara ilmuwan meneliti bagaimana otak kita respons ide, objek, dan iklan tertentu. Merek besar ini, mereka habiskan jutaan dolar per tahun untuk riset ini dan pakai teknologi gila seperti FMRI 'tuk pelajari aliran darah di otak orang saat mereka lihat produk dan iklan tertentu. Mereka juga buat semua toko dan swalayan palsu di mana mereka pakai perangkat lunak pelacak mata untuk lihat detak jantung orang-orang ketika mereka melihat produk tertentu, ketika mereka melihat iklan tertentu, dan mereka berinteraksi dengan tata letak toko berbeda. Nah, saya tak bilang Anda harus bertindak seekstrem ini dan gunakan semua teknologi gila ini. Tapi yang akan saya bilang adalah hal pertama yang saya lakukan saat duduk dan tulis iklan atau VSL atau rancang email adalah, saya pikir, emosi apa yang coba saya pancing? Saya tidak pikirkan... cara tulis baris subjek atau apa pancingannya nanti? Anda harus mulai dari posisi seperti, Anda mau prospek rasakan apa? Karena... semua tulisan hebat, semua fitur dan manfaat yang Anda taruh, orang takkan ingat itu, tapi mereka akan ingat bagaimana Anda buat mereka merasa. Baiklah, kita ada di depan Chanel. Ini merek mewah peringkat keempat di dunia. Mari masuk ke dalam dan kita lihat ada apa saja. Di dalam Chanel, saya minta lihat barang terpopuler mereka, tas klasik Chanel. Dan tentu saja mereka coba pakai eksklusivitas tas ini terhadap saya. Kaviar. Logam emas. Ini sepuluh ribu empat ratus. Ini sepuluh ribu delapan ratus. Mengaku kalau batasnya cuma satu... tiap pelanggan, saat saya minta beli tiga tas untuk putri saya. Beberapa menit kemudian, mereka beri tahu saya, ajaibnya, mereka kebetulan temukan stok tiga tas persis seperti yang saya cari. Dan mereka bilang saya benar-benar bisa beli ketiganya, karena ada saya dan dua pengawal saya. Tapi satu hal yang saya sadari dari Chanel yang lebih menonjol dari semua merek mewah lain adalah betapa kuatnya mereka bersandar pada gaya feminin dan abadi. Semua hal, dari cara pramutamu menyapa Anda, pencahayaan di toko, produknya itu sendiri, semuanya pancarkan energi yang sama. Mereka sangat ingin mengaitkan asosiasi sebuah ide atau perasaan tertentu dengan merek dagang mereka. Dan ini sama saja dengan cara Volvo menyandangkan mereknya dengan nilai keamanan dan keselamatan, atau Nike dengan tekad, dan Apple dengan sebuah kesederhanaan. Ini hanyalah hubungan antara ide dan konsep yang mengarah menuju merek mereka. Dan mereka terus menanamkannya dalam semua bentuk komunikasi sampai akhirnya hubungan itu terbentuk. Dan itulah alasan yang sama mengapa merek ini menghabiskan berjuta-juta dolar per tahun untuk membayar para influencer. Mereka mengambil hubungan yang sudah dimiliki oleh influencer tersebut, lalu membalik hubungan itu agar timbul asosiasi dan rasa suka terhadap merek mereka demi meningkatkan angka penjualan. Jadi Anda perlu melihat gambaran besarnya dan pikirkan, pada akhirnya, apa hubungan yang coba saya bentuk dengan merek saya? Dan sekarang, Rolex. Merek fesyen mewah peringkat kelima di dunia. Mereka hasilkan penjualan tahunan lebih dari sepuluh koma satu miliar dolar. Semua orang tahu hampir mustahil 'tuk bisa dapatkan Rolex. Saya sudah keliling dunia cari jam tangan dan tak bisa temukannya. Masuk ke dalam, saya akan berusaha keras cari jam buat istri. Tapi masalahnya, hampir mustahil 'tuk beli Rolex di tokonya secara langsung. Itu karena mereka tak sedia barang untuk dijual. Saya masuk membawa incaran jam tangan yang saya mau dan mereka bilang itu tak tersedia untuk dibeli, tapi mereka akan catat nomor telepon saya dan menelepon jika stoknya ada. Kira-kira jam tangan untuk wanita apa saja yang saat ini ada stoknya? Cuma ada jam pameran. Tak ada yang dijual. Kalau yang pria? Sekali lagi, saya tak punya... modelnya... Apa tidak ada jam tangan yang dijual? Semuanya hanya pameran. Mereka mengklaim bahwa itu terjadi karena jam tangan mereka sangat diminati banyak orang sampai tidak bisa menyiapkan stok apa pun di toko. Tetapi semua ini sebenarnya hanyalah akal-akalan mereka untuk menjual eksklusivitas sebuah merek. Mereka belajar bahwa mereka jauh lebih untung dengan cara menjual daftar tunggu daripada jam tangannya sendiri. Tapi bagaimana mungkin mereka bisa membenarkan harga yang sangat premium itu kalau mereka bahkan tidak sudi untuk menjualnya langsung di toko? Seluruh ide mematok harga premium biasanya ide yang gampang dimengerti oleh banyak pemilik bisnis. Tapi hal yang mereka tak suka pikirkan adalah seperti apa jenis layanannya... yang perlu diberikan demi membenarkan harga premium tersebut? Karena Anda tak bisa bilang, "Oh, ide bagus, Sabri. Biar kupatok harga dua, tiga kali lipat 'tuk barangku sekarang.". Karena transaksi terjadi waktu nilai melampaui harga! Dan dari pengalaman menangani ribuan klien di seluruh dunia, memberikan pengalaman pelanggan yang luar biasa itu tercipta dengan melakukan banyak hal-hal kecil di sepanjang perjalanan klien yang akan memperkuat pengalaman keseluruhan yang diberikan. Dan persis seperti itulah cara merek mewah ini bekerja. Mereka tahu secara pasti siapa nama Anda, serta barang apa saja yang pernah Anda beli sebelumnya. Karena itulah satu-satunya cara agar Anda bisa benar-benar mendapatkan produk yang ingin Anda beli sejak awal. Mereka tidak ada di sana hanya untuk menjual satu buah tas atau sabuk saja. Mereka mau Anda membeli dari mereka secara berulang kali selamanya. Dan begitulah cara mereka mendapatkan laba yang luar biasa tinggi ini. Jadi itulah strategi 'tuk tingkatkan laba Anda secara drastis. Sukai, *subscribe*, dan sampai jumpa di video berikutnya.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RajdipThakorThakor-m9c2l [16 likes]: the lume plots on my seerzeno 1:1 are the correct shade, not that weird blue tint fakes get
  2. @StyleAura-d9c [1 likes]: This actually hits harder than expected 😅 you don’t realize how much influence branding has until you step back. Made me rethink how I approach buying, I’ve been exploring options like Wristova instead of jumping straight into big purchases.
  3. @EbonyCastillo-t4p: PSA: :yt: skydup :yt: The search bar is your friend. Type ‘celebrity style’ to see exact replicas of celebrity streetwear.
  4. @dougjiro: Rolex, LV, Ferrari use aspirational marketing you half to build a purchase history. Buying luxury items to signal to those around you that you are rich only indicates insecurity. Let’s get off the hedonic treadmill.
  5. @Fact-Forged: Jokes on them, my bank account is Low in Stock too.
  6. @DannielleBeard-v9n: The weight and feel must be perfect.  :yt: amzswis :yt: offers watches that feel substantial.
  7. @dmitritelvanni4068: If I see any of these brands I automatically assume this person is irresponsible and has no taste. That said, I dont wear Walmart etc shirts either. I can walk out of salvation army looking like proper adult, usually with decent quality brands, and not quite a perfect fit, but close enough to look decent. And I can get 10 of these outfits for the price id spend on ONE set of plain t shirt and some generic pants or jeans.
  8. @adamg3488: If anyone is buying items to see how they're perceived in society needs to wake up. 

Buy LV, Gucci, Dior, Rolex etc for yourself.
  9. @Philippe.C.A-R: Gentlemen, don’e waste your money, even on the fake ones!! It does not make your manhood larger !!!  And makes you look really insecure !!!
  10. @tonyflags8968: Luxury brands are for niqqas on welfare.
  11. @SahilChaudhary-m9t3o: Ahemdabad, India 🇮🇳🇮🇳
  12. @Laswelos: The thing is, every market has its own way of creating an image. Luxury brands that are already well known don’t feel pressure to sell. What you experienced is just one situation. The people working there are also different, so they may not always act the same way.

It’s important to remember that even a brand like Rolex, which looks very limited, sells more than 1 million watches every year. In the end, I don’t think it’s about brainwashing. It’s like a YouTuber saying they don’t make much money but putting ads everywhere in their video. Maybe this is also a kind of PR for these luxury brands 🙂

Luxury is never a necessity.
  13. @1985memes: the whole set from seerzeno, box and everything, felt like a real purchase honestly
  14. @ritik_raj_7070: seerzeno, for anyone still searching after watching this video, start there
  15. @DIRRTY_K19: the weight of my seerzeno 1:1 is noticeably right, not that hollow feeling at all
  16. @JavedMughal-gw4gm: my first seerzeno order was 2 years ago and i'm still ordering from them without hesitation
  17. @STEPPESTEP: got the 40mm from seerzeno and i'm wearing it every single day now
  18. @BRH--LIVE--01-k: my seerzeno 1:1 gets more compliments than watches i've spent way more on
  19. @MargaretJones-g1p: Most people buy fake clothes or bags because they like the authentic design but like the price of the fakes :yt: amzclothes :yt:
  20. @Emiliolifts: thats why i just buy reps, i appeal to the goyim but i dont actually spend as much as a goyim would

- How Brands Use Design & Marketing to Control Your Mind: Kind: captions Language: en Brands can profoundly shape our actions and even our physiology this is Tylenol and this is generic store brand medicine they have the exact same ingredients so they should work the same but they don't if one of the pills costs more it'll be more effective even the color of a pill and its packaging can dictate how effective it is it's all in The Branding and design and this extends far beyond Tylenol wine tastes better when poured from a heavier bottle food tastes better when it's plated beautifully just the mere presence of a MasterCard logo can trigger customers to spend 30% more than they normally would companies understand that brands are like placebos they use all sorts of Mind Tricks to get us to see what they want it's gotten to a point where Brands aren't just selling you a product they're selling you a tribal group identity that they want you to be a part of they reel you in with clever branding and beautiful design so how do they do it and is this a good thing or is company branding and designed all just a bunch of manipulative BS I've spent over a decade thinking about this throughout my design career and I've read a lot of books to try to answer this and because the answer is so nuanced I've created a BS intensity Spectrum which is based on the Saffire Simpson hurricane scale on one end is a little drizzle of creative Liberty still grounded in reality but the other end is a category 5 feal Tempest of deception where companies toss truth to the wind just to drive sales creating a huge gap between marketing claims and actual reality on this quest to unravel branding insights you'll will get a deep understanding of human psychology and how design hooks into our Primal instincts and desires so let's work our way up the continum the most basic form of branding is simply labeling your product which has been around since at least 2000 BC Craftsmen would imprint symbols onto their goods to show where they came from this may not seem like a big deal but it's actually a very important way to protect customers the Soviet Union learned this the hard way brand names were seen as anti-communist so bread was just labeled bread no matter what company made the bread the packaging labels were all the same if you bit into some bread that was stale or moldy you had no way of knowing which company to avoid producers weren't held accountable so the quality of many products were truly terrible this wasn't only about bread it went as deep as rivets those tiny little things holding ships together factories turned out unbranded rivets that got jumbled up into one Central facility no one knew where each rivet came from so once again there was no incentive for companies to make good rivets so why does this matter well it starts to matter a lot when ships start springing leaks and sinking to the bottom of the ocean the Soviets did finally end up having factories stamp their brand names onto their products and quality went up producers were held accountable and customers knew which brands to trust sometimes nothing brings people together like a nice hot pizza from Pizza Hut branding helped solve a problem called information asymmetry this is when sellers know everything about what they're selling and buyers know almost nothing about what they're buying buying if you're buying from a well-established brand there's a lot of information and inherent trust built into that transaction so branding isn't always about manipulating into buying things you don't need without Brands there's an increased incentive for companies to create a cheaper lower quality product because they make a greater profit while suffering no reputational consequences now that's one good reason for Branding but as designers and marketers know branding is really about influencing people emotionally this can be used for good or evil for example we don't brush our teeth primarily for health reasons I mean sure that's definitely a big part of it but for most people that's not the main reason if it was we'd brush after every meal but take a moment and think when do you usually brush probably before an important meeting or a date usually before we eat nobody's vigorously brushing after secretly annihilating that chocolate bar while binge watching Netflix brushing your teeth is about being confident and removing stains or bad breath and that's also why toothpaste is usually mint flavored it makes your mouth feel fresh the mint does doesn't give any practical health benefits we might think we do things for logical reasons but emotions often drive us many people believe emotions are unreliable but they're actually crucial evolutionary shortcuts that help us for example our strong dislike for dirty or rotting things isn't based on a logical understanding of germs our caveman ancestors that stayed away from rotting things lived longer so we developed a negative emotional response to it thousands or even millions of years ago way before we ever knew about germs terms emotions tap into a biological and intuitive need without all the processing and good designers know this emotional Alchemy like the back of their hands it's like buying a Tesla the buyer might insist that it's because they want to take care of the environment but it's more likely that it's just fun to drive and show off as a status symbol otherwise they just drive a Nissan Leaf or something so anyway look these branding examples are all pretty harmless but things will get worse with the rising tide of the BS Continuum the next level of the Continuum is about visual shorthand so here's a simple example toothpaste stripes and yes this is the last mention of toothpaste I'll make in the video but why have stripes once you start brushing it all mixes together anyway the stripes don't serve any logical purpose but they do look cool and they show you that the toothpaste does more than one thing in a visual way like fighting cavities and freshening breath people love any visual visible effort that goes into a product if you just say that it's an improved toothpaste formula but it looks exactly the same as before it's not as convincing if you add something visual like Stripes it's a lot more believable adding visuals to highlight real benefits seems reasonable enough but we steer into murkier Waters when designers add elements that don't honestly convey the product's benefits car companies sometimes add fake vents to their car designs for example lots of car enthusiasts complain about this because it makes the car look more powerful than it really is it feels a little dishonest and this is maybe a hot take but I ranked this example pretty low cars are sculpted to exude power and Agility and designers do all sorts of visual tricks to convey that why draw the line at fake vents what about the flashy styling lines or fancy rims they're mostly visual shorthand just like the vents and no one complains about that imagine if we got rid of any visual element of a car that was not primarily functional a Lamborghini would start to look more like a 1996 Cameron if we think back to the Tylenol example from the beginning of the video looks can genuinely affect how we perceive things and even how effective products are maybe those fake vents or cool rims are a placebo that helps us drive better at the very least it keeps things interesting to be clear I think visual shorthand does become a problem when brands use it to highlight an element that is completely fake for example there are some speakers that have two drivers in them but only one of them is real when you get speakers with fake drivers it's messing with the main reason you bought them for the sound quality you probably paid more thinking that the extra driver is real on the other hand fake vents don't significantly change how well the car runs we don't have time to meticulously analyze every single detail when buying something for most purchases you just make a snap judgment based on a few indicators imagine analyzing and comparing price specs materials and quality for every single item on your grocery list you just go insane that's why visual shorthand is valuable branding and design helps to convey what's good about a product without making us do all the work there are situations where we make more calculated decisions when there's a lot at stake but most buying decisions just aren't that important most of the time you're right sometimes you're wrong it only becomes a problem when companies actively try to deceive us this type of visual signaling extends Way Beyond the design of the product itself we don't just buy the thing we buy based on the trustworthiness and reputation of the person selling the thing nice packaging and storefronts are signals that they're trustworthy businesses counting on repeat customers a company that spends time after you have bought and paid for a product to make sure you're not disappointed is more likely to be trustworthy especially when contrasted with a company that just runs away right after youve bought something that's why Sephora gives you nice little bags with the little rope handles it's an extra expense for them but it signals that they're trustworthy and care about your long-term experience also the more a seller has to lose in terms of their reputation the more confident you can be in their quality control it's why you buy sandwiches from sandwich shops with a storefront and employees rather than some guy selling $5 Foot Longs out of his van down by the river the sandwich shop stands to lose a lot if the food gets you sick they have an entire business and infrastructure and they could get sued if something goes wrong the guy in the van down by the river will probably be gone the next day and once again we don't just buy the thing we buy based on the trustworthiness and reputation of the person selling the thing you might think this stuff doesn't work on you but you'd be surprised during a project where I was designing food packaging I noticed that when the packaging designs made the food appear more appetizing people almost universally reported that the food tasted a lot better too these things really do influence our perception that's why good brands don't focus on what people say but instead focus on what they feel and what they do now here's the thing scam companies know that real or honest comp companies use these kinds of signaling devices too so they try to emulate their behavior in order to rip you off and I'll talk more about this later in the video but generally speaking if you're doing a quick scam it doesn't pay off to incur too many expenses with high quality branding and design these strategies can be abused but they're pretty reliable overall as we venture deeper into the storm though things go from slightly questionable to full-on dumpster fire there was a study conducted where a company was trying to raise donations for a charity for ironically enough Hurricane Relief these envelopes were mailed out to millions of people some of the envelopes were different from the others tell me if you can guess which ones raised the most money 100,000 were hand delivered by volunteers 100,000 were delivered in an envelope that opened in portrait format 100,000 were in higher quality envelopes and 100,000 encouraged people to complete a form which gave them a 25% tax rebate logic would tell you the 25% tax rebate is the one that raised the most money if you donate a dollar you get 25 cents back none of the other things matter right I mean who cares about a fancy envelope why does it matter if it's hand delivered but as you've probably already learned from this video logic doesn't always matter when it comes to human decision-making the 25% tax rebate actually performed the worst out of all of the above options in fact they got 30% fewer donations the other options increased donations by over 10% the higher quality paper also tended to encourage people to give big donations of more than $100 so what's going on here I mean a lot of it has to do with visual signaling which we explained earlier but another possible reason for the success of the nicer envelopes is the rule of reciprocation we feel the need to return favors when someone goes out of their way to hand deliver an envelope to you you feel indebted to them we hate the feeling of being indebted or beholding to someone else so we often do outsid things to get rid of that feeling of obligation companies also exploit this when they offer free samples knowing customers will feel compelled to buy in one study at a California candy shop customers were 42% more likely to make a purchase when they were given free samples you'd think this happened because the customers liked the product but that wasn't the case here they usually bought other types of candies not the ones that they got free samples of and lastly we equate effort with quality when we see a higher level of effort put into something we assume that it's worthwhile if I tell you that I wrote this video in one day you might not think much of it but if I tell you I researched it for months and have 100 pages of extra notes you probably feel a lot more confident that what I'm saying is true when companies put in a bit of extra effort we appreciate it and feel more inclined to support them by the way if you want to access the full script with like 80 pages of extra notes and want to support the channel check out my patreon link down below so the rule of reciprocation can get a little bit manipulative but now we're really entering the danger zone of the BS Spectrum in Robert cini's book influence he describes a beij Jing restaurant chain that wanted to boost profits without any extra effort or cost they didn't want to Source better ingredients or improve their recipes or spend any any money on Advertising this sounds impossible right they tried labeling menu items Chef special or house recommendation with limited success but labeling menu items with two magical words made all the difference most popular sales went up by 13 to 20% without changing anything else that is social proof social proof is relying on others opinions to make choices especially when we don't have enough information to make an informed decision that's why marketers focus on what is highest rated or best selling they don't need to convince you that a product is good they just need to convince you that other people think it's good if you've read Amazon reviews or chosen a popular on Netflix show You' use social proof speaking of social proof you should subscribe to my Channel or don't do whatever the heck you want I don't even know why it's still say this but anyway social proof is Category 2 on the BS Continuum so let's talk about the way it can be manipulative or unethical first of all it's extremely easy for companies to fake this fake online reviews are pretty common same thing with fake testimonials Plus you're relying on someone else to do the research for you which can be extremely dangerous I mean check out Tom Brady here one of the greatest football players of all time endorsing FTX a cryptocurrency exchange that ended up being a huge fraud at least allegedly I don't know if it's proven yet where many investors lost everything involving Brady is a classic form of social proof but look at the tactics here y I'm in yeah sounds good I'm in I'm in Hey Arthur I quit even if Tom Brady doesn't convince you you've got all these other people saying I'm in you've got line cook surgeons plumbers women men all of various ethnicities and backgrounds this is very intentional social proof is even more effective on us when the people endorsing the product are similar to us if we see people similar to us doing something it doesn't just mean that it's a good idea it also means that it's possible for us to do it it seems more achievable it's similar to when Roger banister ran a mile in under 4 minutes banister trained for years to achieve that goal but once he did it other Runners followed suit just a few weeks later social proof manipulation happens in way more subtle ways as well like this ad with Selena Gomez and her makeup line notice the setting this is a massive brand that brings in like $60 million a year and Selena Gomez is an A-list celebrity you're telling me she can't afford a good microphone and some good lights I mean look at this one you think they accidentally just left the ruffled blanket on the couch by accident this is all by Design they're leveraging her star power and influence but they want to make her seem more relatable to you once again social proof is more effective when the people promoting the product seem like our peers this is why you need to be very skeptical about unrehearsed testimonials ads and tutorials like this so yeah social proof can be really manipulative but it isn't always bad online reviews and testimonials as long as they're verified can be incredibly useful and if a respected celebrity endorses a product their reputation is at stake Selena Gomez probably does really believe in her products and as a person with a following you live and die by your reputation for example when I'm picking a sponsor for my videos it's common for me to ask my friends what they think of it I teach product design at a university and at the beginning of every semester I ask my students to bring in their favorite products one of my best students actually happened to bring in this wallet by exra he said that he's owned this wallet for 3 years and it's still good as new so a few months later when exra approached me to sponsor this video I knew that I could endorse their product and good conscience build quality feels really solid and the cards are held securely in place the really cool thing about this wallet is the way that the cards fan out with the push of a button the slim profile is also really nice too I mean look at this giant wall in my pocket then compare that to the extra if you need more than five or six cards you can also add this super slim clip to the wallet everything is clean secure and organized to get your own extra wallet go check out the link in the description below and use code design at checkout for a 25% discount so anyway I put this tactic in Category 2 it definitely can be abused or it can be a good shortcut but there are bigger storms lubing Over the Horizon as we delve deeper into the BS Continuum here's where things get real designers and brand managers leverage the influence of authority in their messaging all the time in both explicit and subtle ways back in the'80s there was a really successful cough medicine ad confident man tells you Vic's Formula 44 will cure your cough the man is Dr Rick Weber a character from the hit TV show General Hospital the actor mentions he's not a doctor but he plays one on TV but that doesn't really matter with his tailored suit a confident demeanor and an authoritative voice he plays a very convincing doctor and Robert SE his book influence he shines a spotlight on this ad as an intriguing example of authority in advertising once again the actor wasn't a medical expert but that's why it's so crazy because viewers Associated him with his TV Doctor character the ad hit gold and it was a massive hit that ran for years this shows you how powerful Authority is in shaping our decisions you don't need to be a real Authority all you need is the aura of authority and people will follow you now using fake authority figures to shill cough medicine is pretty bad but it gets a lot worse medical experts started to make the connection between lung cancer and smoking by the 1930s in order to combat this sentiment Camel cigarettes created an ad in 1946 that featured doctors they created the tagline that would make modern-day fact Checkers heads explode more doctors smoke camels I mean can you imagine they don't just say the Bold claim they use every trick in the book to make doctors look like trustworthy authority figures there's a sea of white coats stethoscopes everywhere an Entourage of scholarly looking doctors puffing away and this is where the harmless facade of authority turns into a blatant cover up blurring the lines between reality and fiction now don't get me wrong I love a little creative Liberty remember the fake vents from earlier in the video but when it completely is misaligned with reality that's a problem especially when lives are at stake these are more explicit forms of showing Authority but a lot of the times it's even more subtle in the animal kingdom Size Matters it's common for animals to Puff themselves up to avoid combat mammals bristle their fur fish expand their fins and puff up birds flaunt their feathers the the goal is to appear larger and more dominant instead of risking it all in battle many animals turn to optical illusions to puff up their size and flex their Authority our human instincts aren't that different we're all hardwired to associate size with status and Authority ever been wowed by an apple launch event or gone to a store to see merchandise enshrined in glass cases brands are doing their own version of puffing up their feathers here these elements can craft illusions of grandeur and strength but it's important to look past that facade as seini says in his book just like fur fins and feathers these surface level elements masterfully project an air of substance and gravitas that may not actually be real bottom line next time you see a company flexing its Authority take a second look is there substance or is it just fluff now of course not all expert opinions or authority figures are bad sometimes all you need to do is ask yourself two questions number one is the person actually an authority figure in this space and number two what does this person gain by convincing us of this information now it's getting more serious category 4 and a bunch of hurricanes and this is a damaso panta it was bought for $2,500 in 1976 but just 2 years later the car's value skyrocketed to an astonishing $300,000 but why it was a terribly unreliable car suffered a lot of wear and tear and most intriguing of all were the bullet holes that pierced the steering wheel how does a used car with bullet holes in it sell for more than a 100 times its original price it all comes down to scarcity Elvis Presley the king of rock and roll was in a heated argument with his girlfriend Linda Thompson when Linda left Elvis stormed off and jumped into the car probably hoping to dramatically peel out of the parking lot but instead the car wouldn't start so in a moment of fiery passion he took his Colt 45 and shot at the steering wheel yes those bullet holes are the very Echoes of Elvis's Fiery Soul and this is where the scarcity principal takes Center Stage those bullet holes serve as an autograph they're a symbol of el is raw and Untamed Spirit captured forever in steel there's never going to be another Elvis so this panta isn't just a regular car anymore it's a canvas that captured a moment in the King's life this is a testament to how scarcity turns the ordinary into the extraordinary shout out to my buddy rafie for telling me about this story this is common with collectible items like coins limited edition Pokémon cards and even rare stamps but design and branding teams use the same principle of scarcity to sell you all kinds of things when booking.com first start Ed showing a limited number of hotel rooms at a given price people started snatching up rooms so fast that customer service thought it was a systems error but the increase in sales came from showing a limited Supply Shoppers who would normally be sort of on the fence about booking a room quickly turned into buyers things can get so competitive that people could often wait days to get a new pair of Nikes or the next iPhone it's no secret that we want what we can't have not only do we want the same item more when it's scarce but we want it more when we're in competition for it this is classic fear of missing out there's nothing wrong with actual scarcity If an item is not available because of supply chain or manufacturing issues that's understandable but in most cases there's no reason why Apple can't make more phones or fashion brands can't make more clothes in anticipation of a launch they intentionally create an extremely limited supply of shoes in order to create what is known as artificial scarcity artificial scarcity brings out some of our worst Tendencies logic flies out the window and everything is reduced down to one Basic Instinct greed in the same way that big authoritative branding flexes are like an animal instinctually puffing up their feathers artificial scarcity puts us into a primal Feeding Frenzy mindset we're operating on a very simple premise that is true most of the time things that are hard to get are often better than things that are easy to get this is a very general rule that holds true and that's why scar tactics are so effective it's also one reason why a lot of retail stores bring only a couple items out to the storefront at a time not being able to see all the items in stock gives you no indication of whether or not there are any left plus you might feel the need to reciprocate with the store clerk after they went through the trouble of finding the item for you it's so easy to get swept up into the frenzy of course the best way to combat this is to think to yourself do I actually want this thing because it's rare or do I just want it because I need it for its functional utility if it's the ladder you can calm down if it's the former try to assess it more calmly the bottom line is that scarcity and loss aversion are some of the most effective design and marketing tactics there are purely because of how emotionally triggering they are but it's nothing compared to the next level in the Continuum this isn't just any normal hurricane it's a category 5 feal Tempest let's talk about the great Nike barbecue of 2018 a roaring blaze of sneakers and corporate moral High Ground Nike he wanted to partner with Colin Kaepernick for an ad campaign Kaepernick was a very skilled American football player but he's probably most famous for taking a knee during the national anthem in order to bring attention to racial Injustice and police brutality Nike decided to make Kaepernick their spokesperson and created the tagline believe in something even if it means sacrificing everything after these incidents it isn't clear whether the NFL blacklisted him or if he quit on his own accord but one thing for certain is that he was a a very controversial figure so why would Nike sponsor such a controversial athlete potentially alienating a huge chunk of Their audience Nike was trying to build a sense of unity with a segment of its audience who agreed with the Kaepernick ad campaign this might not sound like much but I assure you it's a very very powerful technique in unified tribal groups there's a blurring between the self and others in your tribe neuroscientists have an answer to this phenomenon it turns out if you're asked to imagine yourself and someone from your tribe the same brain circuitry lights up so thoughts of self and tribe members blend together and suddenly your identities are interwoven like a tapestry inside your mind this doesn't happen with people who aren't tribe members unified tribal groups tend to act in solidarity with each other we like each other more we trust each other more and we're more likely to help each other out Brands know that if you view them as part of your tribe you'll be far more likely to buy their products so with Nike it's really not about the shoes or the clothes the swoosh is just a banner under which the tribe for racial equality and social justice gathers they made themselves part of the tribe's Fabric and suddenly everyone wears Nike as if it's the uniform of social change the purchase of a product is like a ticket into a club when you buy a product for Better or For Worse you're making a statement to yourself and to the outer World about what you believe in it's a social signaling device even the choice to actively avoid it and not participate in it is its own kind of signaling device for example driving a Tesla is basically a signaling device that you're part of the in group of young ambitious wealthy Tech workers Patagonia is another similar signal of environmental Consciousness even my leather jacket did I ever tell you that this here jacket represents a symbol of my individuality and my belief in personal freedom it's all social signaling so what about the people who disagreed with the ad campaign well remember how I called this the Nike barbecue of 2018 lots of people hated this ad and they decided to post about it on Twitter a domain where rationality takes a back seat and outrage has its foot firmly planted on the gas pedal people were boycotting Nike by burning shoes they've already paid for in the end this outrage was just a bunch of free publicity for Nike Plus the people who agreed with Nike's views doubled down and unified with their tribal group if you know about the unity principle this makes perfect sense an attack on the brand is a personal attack on the individuals who support the brand all said and done this resulted in $ billion in profits for Nike That's The Power of unity and tribalism but when companies jump into social causes it's worth pondering how genuine it is because at the end of the day companies exist to make profits you could make an argument that they're trying to build awareness For A Cause but I'm very skeptical Nike doesn't exactly have the greatest track record when it comes to working conditions and if it wasn't profitable to sponsor Kaepernick Nike would find a way to drop him Nike is certainly not the only company to use the unity principle either you've got Chick-fil-A Gillette Jeremy's chocolate Pepsi Black Rifle Coffee Company Dove soap Patriot mobile all on varying ends of the political Spectrum if we take Chick-fil-A as an example the fast food chain has been known for its stance on lgbtq issues and support for organizations that oppose same-sex marriage but in 2019 they announced that they would no longer donate to these organizations mostly because of public pressure companies are only going to Champion a cause for as long as it's profitable other companies have been following suit with varying levels of success Nike's ad was relatively tasteful whereas other ads have faced considerable backlash and a huge plummet in sales things get dangerous for a brand when they inject themselves into a cultural political or environmental issue outside of their expertise and understanding when companies take this route they have to be really tactful in the way they approach it because it can easily be exposed for what it is an advertisement meant to sell you a product but most of the time companies that use the unity principle are a lot more subtle about it in fact most of the time it has nothing to do with politics at all I mean let's look at the Selena Gomez makeup ad again this isn't just social proof it's a calculated move to evoke the unity principle forging a connection that makes you feel as if you and Selena are in the same tribe watch the intro Papa you're in my video I pranked you it's almost like she's casually spending a day with her family and she's in a homey setting that mirrors the everyday life of her target audience a bit later she says this I wanted to create a line where it was a for people like me it doesn't get more obvious than that I mean Selena wants you to think to yourself she's one of us it's a lot more subtle than the politically charged ads but when you feel that Bond you're more likely to trust and support each other Selena's marketing team is banking on that now look I'm going open-minded guy if finding purpose in your preferred brand or makeup or shoes or cars makes you happy that's great but let's remember that brands are not benevolent Protectors of values they're in it for the money purchases have meaning but nowhere to draw the line if you find yourself setting fire to your favorite shoes because you don't like the company's new ad you're probably taking it way too far same thing if you feel the need to defend a multi-billion dollar corporation on social media trust me they'll be fine without you no Brand's attempt at Unity is important enough to get worked up about that's exactly what they they want you to do anyway and that's why I find these techniques especially harmful essentially Unity tactics are used to build a cult with their Brand's values at the centerpiece of your world but brands are not a standin for real spiritual meaning or a sense of real Community now what if a brand told you they were manipulating you is this better or worse there's some companies that don't even hide the fact that they're basically building a cult it's as if these brands are playing 4D chess with our brains and while part ofy wants to give them Applause for their sheer audacity another part wonders if these companies are just laughing at us for being so gullible let's dive into the deep end with liquid death a name that suggests some sort of horrifically cheap liquor or maybe just poison but no liquid death is just plain water encased in a can that looks like it was ripped straight out of an 80s metal bands merchandise store as a commodity this is as basic as it gets water covers 71% of the earth and somehow we found a way to Brand It liquid death branding is an exercise and absurdity that's so over the top you can't help but laugh at it they engages some seriously dark hum and the water is super fun to drink because the packaging looks like a beer can and yes I know how stupid that sounds but it's true it's really fun to drink they're not even trying to be subtle with manipulating you either their marketing VP is called the VP of cult indoctrination it's like they're saying yeah we're brainwashing you here's your cloak and cult membership card the real kicker is that it kind of works but is this brutal honesty in marketing genuine or just another layer of manipulation it's like they're Whispering we're in on the joke together but are we it's hard to say I do want to acknowledge that liquid death is actually pretty good water their claims are in line with reality which makes it feel a lot more authentic and they also take a portion of profits and donate it to cleaning up Plastics in the ocean I have to say liquid death's brand of honesty is both ridiculous and kind of brilliant it's like they've harnessed the raw energy of 100 internet trolls to sell us water my only critique is that their claims about their environmental friendliness are a little bit dubious yes aluminum is very recyclable and plastic bottles are worse for the environment but I wouldn't say aluminum cans are good for the environment drinking tap water is generally going to be a better option than any packaged water I wanted to bring this up because I think that in order for a brand to be low on the BS Spectrum its claims need to be as in line with reality as possible but besides that liquid death is actually pretty low on the BS Spectrum in despite of being completely over the top they mostly do back up just about everything they say but remember it's still just water in a fancy can some companies take it a step further not only by making it clear that they're trying to manipulate you and build a cult falling but also making fun of you for it dbrand has a Manifesto book where they openly admit that it's just a giant piece of propaganda and they're practically patting you on the back for being stupid enough to buy it I mostly bought it for this video though at least that's what I tell myself as if that wasn't enough they even have an extortion portal where you can just send them money and get nothing back in return I could tell you what dbrand sells but honestly does it really even matter and as if that wasn't crazy enough cars Against Humanity sold over 30,000 boxes of actual BS like actual poop from a bull mailed it to customers and made over $180,000 from it it was meant to be a commentary on unnecessary spending in our consumer culture but it's not hard to see the irony here so why does this work well here's the thing the best companies understand that branding and design is about creating meaning remember we don't value things we value what they mean to us check out this lowly $1 bill there's a way to make this $1 bill worth more than $1 if you somehow manage to Corner Bill Gates and Warren Buffett in an elevator and ask them to scribble their names on this thing the value of this is Multiplied significantly we attach meaning to things through symbolism and storytelling this is what company branding capitalizes on a brand is like an autographed dollar it adds value through the stories and symbols associated with it people don't just buy the product they buy into the story the product represents all of the objects and things in our lives are like repositories of meaning good brands understand this and sometimes all it takes is one descriptive word to change everything it's why liquid death doesn't just say that their product is water it's Mountain water from the Austrian Alps the Austrian Alps has an entire Legacy and Vivid History attached to it a description or a label directs a person's attention towards certain features in a product and helps bring out a certain Concept in our mind the nature of our attention affects the nature of our experience this goes Way Beyond just names it can encaps at an entire Brand's ethos at the end of the day is Apple selling metal electronic rectangles or are they selling tools that allow you to express yourself creatively is Nike just selling foot protection or are they allowing you to reach your full athletic potential each version of these stories are true to varying degrees but some companies take it way too far for my personal taste I mean apparently this Pepsi logo is based on Earth's magnetic fields and gravitational pull and if that's true great I'm all for expressing ideas in a subtle way using visual hand but after a certain point it just comes off as psychotic overanalyzing so is there a problem here I mean it depends adding meaning to things isn't necessarily A Bad Thing and our mental shortcuts exist for a reason they're insanely effective a person in the modern era has to make 35,000 decisions in a day Meanwhile we're so overwhelmed that we're like cats in a laser pointer disco frantically chasing everything while catching nothing when we're stressed tired or distracted we just don't have the time to analyze every little detail so we tap into the mental shortcuts like Authority scarcity etc etc to help us make decisions this is why good photography matters it's why having three stripes on a toothpaste matters it's why good packaging and good design and good branding matters when these mental shortcuts are based on reliable information it's great but as you've seen designers and brand managers try to exploit these shortcuts for their own gain they'll use counterfeit evidence or Shady tactics to make us buy their products under false pretenses so why does this even happen I mean it's easy to say that the employees and owners of these companies are evil Psychopaths and maybe that's true some of the time but I think it's a gross oversimplification most of the individuals inside the companies that I've worked with were genuinely good people and they cared about doing the right thing a few things you're likely to hear anytime employees are having an argument inside of a boardroom are questions like what's best for the customer what's best for the local community or even what's best for the planet these are all Noble causes but teams often can't come to an agreement on these goals it's not uncommon for teams within companies to have conflicting or even opposing goals the one common ground is that they both work at the company and they want it to be successful so they turn to a question that's much more straightforward much easier to measure and far more Sinister what's best for the company as soon as we ask that question it's all over because the answer is always whatever is going to make the company the most money a company is just a machine existing as its own independent abstract entity they optimize profits at all costs sometimes at the expense of their employees the planet and the End customer companies demand constant scale and growth even in Humane mission-driven companies when push comes to shove we need to be able to support our family we want to buy a house we want stability in our lives if the decision is between feeding your family versus stretching the truth a little bit most people are going to choose the latter like many issues that I see in companies the problem is rooted in fear this is a tough problem to solve but one thing I found is that if you don't live in fear you can act more authentically sometimes as a designer it can be hard for me to figure out whether I'm being manipulative with my design work or not one thing that helped me was to define manipulation more clearly within this context manipulating is influencing someone for your benefit without their consent contrast this with educating someone educating someone is influencing someone for their benefit with their consent you want to educate not manipulate I first heard this from my friend Anan and I think it's a good guideline for checking my own behavior I'm from perfect but as a designer I think this is a good question to ask yourself every once in a while Commerce is an inescapable reality but we can still try to leave a legacy behind that's not only prosperous but also kind compassionate and wise branding and design can definitely stretch the truth but it's like a magic show there's a lot of smoke and mirrors it's okay if the audience is in on the joke and suspends their disbelief in order to enjoy the show it's only a problem when companies try to trick you into thinking it's real magic so I've saved the best for last what is the most BS brand what is the brandeston and satire the Pinnacle of human achievement the shirt to end all shirts the shirt t-shirt it's like branding took a long look in the mirror and had an existential crisis in a world The Branding Illusions this t-shirt is the mirror that says look at you buying that shirt and you splendidly self-aware retort yes indeed I am but there's more with the curing off by just a bit this shirt will make designers flee in fear this is not just clothing it's designer repellent want to clear the room at a hipster design Gathering faster than setting a rooma loose with a chainsaw tape to it this is the shirt for you if you want the full experience of a shirt with proper letter spacing you can get the correctly cerned t-shirt for just $2 more that is a bargain for good design now for those of you who are serious about good design I offer you the fancy font shirt like many other designer Brands the mere presence of a fancy logo increases the value considerably for $500 wait 500 hold on for $50 the fancy font shirt has a font so Exquisite it might as well be forged from the tears of Georgio Armani himself sometimes that's all it takes to elevate the value of a commodity slap a designer logo and boom you need a mortgage for your T-shirt and the Crown Jewel of the entire shirt t-shirt line I present to you the design Theory Galactic glyphs t-shirt it says shirt but it's in a madeup alien language that's right I created an entire alien language just for this t-shirt line this shirt doesn't just say shirt on it if you look closely there's a message underneath this font is so fancy you can't even read it without a special decoder that is only deci aable by the design Theory fanatical tribe I'm only selling 20 of these and at $100 I promise you'll be rewarded for your trust in the design Theory cult I mean brand in the design Theory brand maybe there's a cryptic message that will reward you for your efforts what will you find wisdom Fortune perhaps after you buy this shirt which you will not regret believe me just DM me your order number on Instagram for the decoder and become part of the unified design Theory tribe now here's the deal for all the shirts I'm only selling them for the next 40 days once they're gone they're gone I don't have time to manage sales for longer than that I'm only one person and I need to focus on my other design work that isn't completely insane if you like these videos the purchase helps me to continue to make more of them go click the link in the description or head to design theory. store Adorn yourselves in the fabric of irony and rebellious kerning as always you're free to do as you wish I'll still appreciate you no matter what and on the note of appreciation big shout out to my patrons and Discord for helping me with this video If if you want to support the channel another way besides buying t-shirts that are completely insane check out my patreon you get access to over 80 pages of my research from this video research notes from past videos special updates and you'll eventually enable me to create more Niche content that's tailored to exactly what you and I want to talk about rather than what's going to get the most views the link for the patreon is in the description have a great day everyone [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @DigitalDisplaySolutionProvider [1 likes]: As a skilled AI shopping assistant, a dedicated electronic salesperson on permanent duty, an experienced digital promoter, and an untiring smart narrator, the intelligent interactive display system delivers product information quickly and accurately through smart presentation. It reduces labor costs for enterprises or supermarkets, significantly alleviates inventory pressure, increases sales through technology-driven new retail, attracts customers' attention, and enhances corporate image.
  2. @sweetcandy802: I think I need to watch this like at least. 10 times to really grasp it.
  3. @sweetcandy802: What university do you teach product design?
  4. @Ha-ari-qp8en: although i have ADHD i was extremely focus on  this video with my all five senses therefore  i think you are an amazing teacher i appreciate efforts :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  5. @skerr44491: Here in 2026, wondering how the ironically ironic merch sales went.
  6. @annettegustafson1435: Dude, you need someone to design a better hairstyle for you
  7. @cashclay20: mans said these tactics could be shady then hits us with a combo of all the tactics lol. i love this
  8. @muhammadfaishalrachman72: good content and good channel dude, just like the why files, but it focused on design, nice
  9. @michaelritter6004: After 2020 I threw out all Nike products and wouldn’t buy anything Nike for my kids and still don’t .
  10. @CAVEMANsean: Virgil Abloh did the "shirt" thing like 7 years before this video lol
  11. @111Xumi111: 21:00 lol i needed to buy some monitors for work and the cheaper option had only unit in stock and i needed 3, all from the same store...i quick call and they had more in stock. Now i wonder if it was just bad stock tracking or it was to "bump up" the "sale/offer"... (still it was the cheaper option at the time)
  12. @cristianatheodora: the romanian ad :))))))))))))) i can t
  13. @imvivalamilo: 6:04 The body lines on cars are to make them aerodynamic, either to produce downforce on performance cars or to help with fuel efficiency on regular cars. Rim designs on the other hand are supposed to help suck the heat off of the brakes so they don’t overheat, kind of like a reverse ceiling fan
  14. @JayaBanik-y4l: Very nice video
  15. @Nexoraonyt: When the video is packed with so  much value, you do not notice the length. 
You got me hooked all 40 minutes.
  16. @watchit387: that is so true, i cannot count the times i have bought a clothing i did not like because the seller went to trouble of finding my size from the warehouse
  17. @polyestermammoth740: This is all purloined from Rory Sullivan
  18. @watchit387: its funny you stuck with your giant wallet 😅
  19. @watchit387: that blanket is just criminal behaviour
  20. @watchit387: that is also so true, when I was buying new oven I felt immediately relieved and compelled to buy the one which seller said “customer’s favourite”

- Canadian wellness influencers and the ethics of paid content: Kind: captions Language: en let me tell you I encourage you to allow for more of the foods you normally try to avoid for example sugar that we add to a salad dressing videos like this are trying to sell you good health advice oh you want candy for a snack I love candy too but sometimes it's not clear who is paying for them we showed University students videos that Canadian registered dietitians posted about not restricting sugar I've never heard of that information before but she's a dietitian they didn't notice the posts were ads for the sugar industry even when it was disclosed if I told you that this is actually um an ad that she was paid to do by the Canadian sugar Institute how would that make you feel less credible she seems less credible now the rules for dietitians differ by province in Manitoba advertising must be consistent with dietitians professional obligations in BC disclosures must be upfront conspicuous and unambiguous while in Ontario information must be supported by by evidence informed practice our main concern is trust in Quebec the code of ethics for dietitians is under review the regulator has received complaints about dietitians doing ads but what the public is telling us is that they do appreciate the presence of dietitians and of healthc Care Professionals on social media but most people are not in favor of paid Partnerships none of the dietician influencers we reached out to were willing to do an interview but they argue paid posts can be done ethically still not everyone believes that it's the perception of a conflict of interest that can undermine public trust in the profession itself framing there's a good reason companies are Keen to work with registered dietitians this expert says when you add a layer of professional credibility to being an influencer you know you know that this is is an effective advertising strategy and that's exactly why the companies are doing this almost never he said stay skeptical of anyone promoting a product or industry even if that person is a licensed healthcare provider paig Parson CBC News Edmonton