- The Reason Why No One Has Hobbies Anymore: Kind: captions Language: en Why exactly is it that no one seems to have real hobbies anymore? When I talk to people about what they do for fun, most of the time all they can show me is a meme that they saw on the internet or tell me about the latest show they've watched on Netflix. And honestly, folks, I find that kind of sad and it makes me think that we're living through this slow death of hobbies. And that is the subject of today's video. First, if you don't know me, I'm Spencer and I like to talk about simple living, frugality, and digital minimalism. So, first, let's talk about the disappearance of hobbies, where this all started. One of my favorite authors is Jack Carowak and I just love reading his work because he lived a very inspiring and exciting life. The guy hopped trains. He was a mountaineer. He spent a lot of time at poetry readings and jazz clubs. He practiced Zen Buddhism and he even spent time as a fire lookout. And with all of that, he still found time to write all of his books. In my mind, that is truly living. That is sucking the marrow out of life. Jack Carowak said it best. He wanted to burn, burn, burn just like a Roman candle. And that he did. And compare that to today where the average person is spending four to six hours of each day staring at their screens. Back then, authors like Jack Carowak and even Edward Abby, another person who I'm a huge fan of, they were highly critical of television because they knew that staring at that glowing screen was a trap. And the way that we have glued ourselves to our screens in 2025, it's the same thing except it's even worse. And while some people could argue that watching Netflix, like watching movies and shows, is partly a hobby. I would beg to differ. Look, if you spend hours a day watching Netflix, I don't think you're necessarily a cinnaphile, okay? I'm not trying to be judgmental, and you definitely can watch movies and get value and pleasure out of those things. I'm not going to argue that. I work in the film industry. But for the average person, they don't give you any sense of accomplishment or meaning. And I think we've almost numbed ourselves to all of this content that we don't even really get much value from it at all. For the most part, watching content like that, it isn't a hobby. It's just another way to fill time. And that's unfortunately what most of our lives have become. And I guess in a sense, hobbies are another way just to fill your time, but it's a way that you're not going to feel regretful about spending it. So why is it that hobbies are disappearing or at least flattening to the point that everybody is pretty much spending their time in the same way looking at their devices? Honestly, I think the main reason that hobbies are disappearing is because of the fact that boredom itself is disappearing. We used to have this almost acute boredom, you know, where there was actually this I have nothing to do but stare at the wall and watch paint dry. Essentially, there's literally nothing in front of me to occupy my time with. There was nothing better to do either. So, you filled that time with a hobby. Of course, you could just watch TV in that time. You could stare at a glowing screen just like people like Edward Abby and Jack Herowak critiques people for doing. But at that time, we weren't carrying around that type of device on our person at all times just to fill boredom whenever it came up. Nowadays, we don't have that level of acute boredom because when boredom arises, we can fill that with our devices. We have this endless stream of content that we can occupy ourselves with content that really doesn't motivate us to do anything more but consume. And that's the problem. I think our phones don't really kill boredom, but they kind of perpetuate that new kind of constant chronic numbness. That constant stream of content is not going to give you fulfillment. And I think that's why people feel so lost and so isolated and meaningless with our devices even though we're more connected than ever because we've actually lost the thing that feeds us that gives us any sort of fulfillment at all. There's also a second part to this, another thing that I think is to blame with the loss of hobbies, and I think that is hustle culture. And it's a statement on our economy. One of the reasons that hobbies are kind of dying out is because people are turning their hobbies into something that they can monetize as a side hustle so they can get by. In my mind, there is a difference between a hobby and a job, even if you like the job you're doing. Hobbies don't really have any pressure around them. They're supposed to be an activity that allows you to disconnect from all those stresses and relax yourself. And I think in a way, side hustle culture has kind of poisoned the idea of doing something just for the fun of it. If you paint and you paint well, people tell you to start selling them on Etsy. If you like photography, then hey, you should get into taking wedding photos. And hey, of course, it's great to make a living doing something that you love. But not everything in your life should be about money. I think it's important to pick a couple of hobbies in your life, things that you enjoy doing that you've completely disconnected from the profit motive, and that you can just enjoy for the fun of it. So, with that, folks, what do we do? How do we get back in touch with real hobbies and finding things that bring us fulfillment outside of our devices? First, you need to get real on what constitutes a hobby. To start, scrolling is not a hobby, and I don't think Netflix really counts as a hobby either. Shopping should not be considered a hobby. Hyperconsumerism and infatuation about the next thing to buy should not be considered a hobby, and we should not be giving people any praise for doing that. Now, another great YouTuber who made a video on this topic, according to Nicole, check out her channel if you haven't. She's a Toronto local and she's great. In her video, she said that cooking and exercise should not count as hobbies either. And I'm a little bit mixed on that. Her points definitely make sense. She's saying things like exercise, things that you should be doing for your health anyway, just kind of as that bare minimum to be a healthy, happy person. And things like cooking, just getting food and preparing it so that you can live, those shouldn't be hobbies. They're a sad excuse for a hobby, at least in her point of view. I don't think that's necessarily the case. I think that things like that can definitely be great starts to hobbies and you can have multiple different things that light you up that you spend your time doing that you're interested and curious about and I think exercise and cooking complex kind of fun foods that can be something there for sure. Where I agree with Nicole is that I don't think that should be your only thing. I think ultimately you should work to have a few different hobbies that you like to do so you're able to do these things throughout your days and fill your time with pleasurable activities that give you fulfillment. If your entire life is just looking at your phone, watching streaming services, and then cooking a meal or maybe going for a run, that's the only things that you do. Yeah, that's probably not going to ultimately be enough. But there's no reason to say that learning how to cook like a chef at a restaurant or getting a really builtout fitness regimen couldn't be part of your hobby portfolio, let's say. But going beyond that, trying to find out what hobby is best for you, I think you need to start by looking backward. Think back to a time before we were all glued to our phones and think about those activities that you liked doing then. If you're young enough that you don't really remember a time where that was the case, then just think back to when you were a kid. Did you like going out on hikes and looking at bugs and watching the clouds go by? Or maybe you like doodling and drawing, making funny pictures. That's something that I like to do. You might not find all of your hobbies this way, but it's a good place to start. Another thing that you can ask yourself is, if money didn't matter, what would I like to do with my time? In my case, it's things like playing guitar or hiking or wildlife photography. But what if you've gotten to a point where you just feel so disconnected from the things that bring you meaning and purpose that you don't even know where to start when it comes to new hobbies? Here, I think the best thing to do is to just have some fun, try to be curious, and explore some new things. Something that I can suggest for my own life is just taking a class on something that you're even remotely interested in and trying it out. For my birthday this year, my girlfriend put me in a Japanese mending class called Sashiko Mending. This was basically something that was supposed to take me a little bit out of my comfort zone so I could learn a new thing. But it was also aligned with something that she knew was an interest of mine, which was mending my clothes and making them last. Sashiko mending is a Japanese style of mending garments where you're actually just sewing a design as well into the fabric that you're adding to your garment to kind of give a nice beautiful look to it while also repairing and making that fabric last. The class took a couple hours on a Sunday. I had a great time meeting some new people who are also interested in similar things. I learned a little bit of skills along the way and it gave me a little more confidence while I'm mending my clothes. That being said, I can't say I'm an artist when it comes to Sashiko mending. Not at all. The other thing that I did this year was I gave my girlfriend a pottery class for both of us to take for her birthday. Pottery was something that we both wanted to try. We both kind of have this idea of having all of our dishwear made by hand, made by us, which I thought would be really fun, and this was a good way to get started and learn the ropes. Now, I can say after that class, I am definitely not a master potter by any stretch. We did a handb building class, so we weren't using a wheel or anything like that, but I did make this little espresso cup out of the whole thing, and I'm pretty happy about how it turned out. It's definitely a little bit funky, but it's mine, and I can drink out of it. Now, am I going to become a professional potter after doing this? Is this going to become a lifelong hobby of mine? No. But it doesn't also have to. You don't have to put a lot of pressure on a hobby like that that it's something that you have to do every single day or every week or every month even. Hobbies really just have to be doing something that you're excited or curious about and that could be anything and it doesn't have to be one thing all the time. I do think that we are seeing a slow death of hobbies as we see more and more people just moving to using their devices for every little bit of how they interface with the world. I think we're seeing this flattening where everybody pretty much is just doing the same thing to pass the time. And I think that's sad. The truth is that everybody knows that looking at a screen isn't fulfilling. And the reason that we have a mental health crisis in our world is in part because of that fact. But folks, the solution really isn't complicated. Put down your device and just follow anything that you're curious about and just do that thing for the fun of it. There should be no pressure to make any money at it. And I can tell you from experience, you don't even have to be good at it. You just have to have fun because that's what a real hobby is and that's where real meaning and fulfillment begins. So, I hope you enjoyed this video, folks. Let me know what types of hobbies you're doing here in 2025 to pass the time and enjoy your time without getting stuck in a device. Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next one. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vegyesbolt [1 likes]: even if children would have hobbies other then watching youtube, they parents take them to for example a drawing class, the moment they draw smth, that was slightly above avarage
  2. @Kars-L8c: Games are a pretty good way to transition away from completely passive activities. I play chess and some competitive games are quite fun. If money didn't matter I'd just play chess, videogames, or train mma constantly tbh.
  3. @MayaLina18357: Your content is insightful however I wish you would speak a little slower
  4. @butwhytharum: i hate social media for turning literally fucking everything into a money making venture.
  5. @petermitchell421: I have hobbies too many to mention but I have always enjoyed them. Currently I’m big on fishing not just the fishing but getting the latest gear and excelling in using them. I also like music Lp’s/cd and CD I have all the players. I could go on but guys get a hobby even walking.👍
  6. @rustyshacklefords1: this guy must be such a loser if he thinks people dont have hobbies anymore. everyone i know has hobbies. i have like a dozen hobbies. if you dont have or know people with hobbies then that says alot about you and nothing about people as a whole. thats really pathetic, you just scroll social media all day i gues looking for attention from other pathetic losers who also are bored and havenothing to say.
  7. @jimsimpson1006: Watching the screen IS the new hobby.
  8. @chrisogilvie8133: You inadvertently touched on CREATIVITY when you showed us the coffee mug that you made. In my experience there is nothing that matches creating things. Whatever it is, you find that you get better and better at it, you constantly try to create something better and prettier or whatever than the previous one. The deep satisfaction that comes from creating something unique, that comes just from your own imagination, or even your own version of something, has a deep satisfaction that nothing else can match. That is why creating a new recipe, or finding a way to re-use something discarded, or any one of numerous activities where you end up with something uniquely you, something that you feel proud of, is just SO rewarding. Which hours and hours of small screen addiction does NOT do.
  9. @GrandChampionTurdPolisher: Does crafting stupid looking youtube comments count as a hobby?
  10. @verdar3662: Gatekeeping
  11. @qica1272: Tennis is cool . Creation of painting is cool ,go fishing is cool ,,,,, or go sailing,,,,,
  12. @Daniel-jn7qt: Because I only do things when it's urgent
  13. @sounds_4177: People do have hobbies , it's just that people think their hobbies are weird or performative like cosplaying and reading in public or playing dnd. Or you don't see them posting about is all
  14. @CosmicCloud-gl3ep: I'm a self-taught artist and I draw just for fun whole my life, but all people around me constantly telling me I should go to industry, making money, be famous, draw the fandoms I'm not interested to. And this thing is chasing me the long time, just to realised: "I don't really want all of this, actually..." 
I anderstood this after making commissions, that I don't like drawing what people want, I feel exhausted and uninspired after this, I can't draw for myself because I have some commission to finish or I just tired.
Now I'm taking some commissions because I need money for my new hobby: repairing walkmans, bying awesome old music and blanks to make mixtapes with cool handdrawn covers, it's so refreshing to have something that don't make you feel you "need to do". But I hope I can find normal work and will recover to casually draw again
  15. @kierlak: Overstimulation is often to blame
  16. @JamingCrobble: Maybe require fewer hours of work per week???
  17. @Krusecontrol1994: Because I've always been into art as a kid, I've dabbled with writing and drawing. While I've had an interest in becoming an author because I enjoy telling stories, I initially struggled to get the rubber to meet the road as a teenager because I was unfocused and had narcissistic tendencies due to my emotional needs not always being met. Now my problem as an adult is trying to hold down a job. After feeling crabby because of an argument I got into with my brother, I turned to art therapy and have been coloring in a coloring book I got at Dollar Tree. Letting my mind focus on slowing moving the marker back and forth has allowed me to take my mind off of that argument, and now I feel noticeably better. Doing that also made me think about how people often grow out of coloring not just because of brainrot, but also because most coloring books are made for kids. If you enjoy coloring, find a coloring book that's made for all ages. One great example is one filled with mandalas because of how intricate they are.
  18. @izakcontreras2036: Question: I am a Lego builder. I already have a strong inclination that this is a good hobby in the semse that it is mentally stimulating and challenging, but comes without stressors or performance pressure. It is fun, something I can bond with my wife and kids with, and it is WAY better than being on a phone. But my question is, it can sometimes be expensive due to the fact that it's a high quality toy and I do like picking up a new kit every so often. How do I maintain a healthy balance of enjoying and being content with the collection I have and also not feel guilty when there is a new building set that I'd like to add to my collection as well? Any thoughts? Thanks!
  19. @kathleengreer4639: Most hobbies cost MONEY that nobody has.  The only hobby I can afford to do is read books because I can borrow them from the library for free.
  20. @SimicChameleon: More reasons of why i retire from hobbies is due to rise of ai take over online world. Plus career and college got me busy. More interest of career than hobbies.

- My Hobby Costs Too Much Money: Kind: captions Language: en things cost too much money these days. Let's talk about that. This is a video that I admittedly did not do a lot of preparing for. Um I don't have a whole lot of notes or anything. One because I have been languishing about my home in various states of sickness and unease. I'm doing a lot better though. this new medication I'm on is so far having a a far better reaction than the last one did. So fingers crossed. Secondly, because I I kind of just wanted to talk like like I wouldn't classify this video as a rant. It's a pretty hot topic. Yeah. But I guess it's more of a discussion rather than like an essay or more informative format cuz sometimes you just want to talk. So, you know, take a seat right over there. We have some things to discuss. But before we do get into that, first we do have a word from today's sponsor. This video is sponsored by Manta Sleep. If you know me, you know I love to sleep. It's one of my favorite things to do really. That's why I personally really resonate with Mantis Sleep's philosophy that a great sleep and regular napping is important for your day-to-day life. My husband is actually on the night shift and with this being my job that I do at very irregular hours, that often means that my schedule is weird. I do a lot of my work at nighttime and a lot of my sleep during the daytime, which is not always great. You know, blackout curtains can really only do so much with Texas's white, hot, supercharged sun always staring directly at you. I actually haven't vibed with a lot of sleep masks in the past because I just don't like how they feel on my face, but Manta is actually genuinely an exception. It's super comfortable. It It feels quite luxurious. It's adjustable. It's really easy to wear. The shape of the cups makes it so much better to wear than just having like a strip of fabric on my face. And my husband, who is a regular sleep mask user, got some pretty regular use out of it, too. So, it comes pretty recommended by the both of us. Also, it comes in pink, which you know is very, very important to me. Right now on Mantis Sleep's website, spend more to save more. An order of $99 gets you 20% off. Spend 149 for 25% off and $199 for 30% off. You can also use my personal coupon code, Darling Dolls, for 10% off your purchase. Thank you so much to Manta for sponsoring this video. Now, let's get back into it. If you've spent any amount of time in doll collecting spaces, I guarantee that you've seen some discussion about how expensive fashion doll products are. Now, the first video I ever uploaded on this channel was pretty much all about how buying dolls secondhand had become way too expensive. This one, I'm focusing more specifically on buying dolls firsthand. So directly from stores, from the websites, paying the standard market price. Two caveats to this. One, I am talking specifically about dolls obviously, but I also genuinely believe that the conversation applies to a lot of hobbies, especially those centered around toys. Like I have seen posts and discussions from Lego collectors that are like one to one identical to what I see from doll collectors. Secondly, I am an American and I live in America and as such I will mainly be talking about American companies making products for primarily an American market. I understand and I acknowledge that if you live outside of America, these products are even more expensive and harder to acquire due to exchange rates and import fees and etc. That's a whole other layer to this and a very valid layer too. I am not ignoring any of that. I just personally really do not have experience with that. I have bought dolls from other countries. Yeah. but almost always secondhand or when I am in that country. So, dolls being too expensive. I see this conversation manifest primarily in three different ways. One, the obvious, most straightforward way. Dolls are literally more expensive than they were 10 years ago, 20 years ago. You know, American Girl dolls used to be $85 in the year 2000. In 2025, they're $135 or up to $300 if you want one of the more collector oriented products. The very first Comic-Con exclusive Monster High doll, the black and white Frankie Stein, she was $25. The most recent SDCC exclusive was $80. The examples go on and on and on and on. And yes, I know about inflation. I know. We'll get there. Trust me. I have a whole section outlined where I want to talk about why products are more expensive. We'll get there. Bear with me. Because see, there's there's another more nuanced side to this conversation. The fact that dolls, regardless of price, are not the same caliber that they used to be. not the same quality. When you bought a doll from Walmart in like the early 2000s, you know, you were probably getting two complete outfits. You were getting a head full of luxurious, voluminous hair. You got tons of accessories. And you also had a very wide range of options. You go to Walmart now and you look at Barbies and you're seeing sad, shapeless, paper thin dresses. is you're seeing details and entire layers of outfits that are just entirely printed on. You're seeing the saddest little ballerina buns and it's just not the same. The quality has gone downhill and really quite dramatically too. Like I remember in the days of Monster High G1, let's say 2012 to 2014, I could go to Target and I could buy a complete doll for like $12. She'd have styled hair. She'd have a complete outfit and she would be fully articulated. And that was considered a budget doll, like the lowest available option. and she was still a perfectly fine, complete, relatively well-designed doll. In today's day and age, Mattel's idea of a budget Monster High doll is $15. She doesn't have articulation. She barely has an outfit. I mean, I guess they they technically do, but it's definitely nothing to write home about. And the hairstyles are are as short and unexecuted as they can possibly be. Like I said, it just simply is not the same standard. And the third way to have this conversation is more or less a combination of the two. The fact that dolls are more expensive and worse quality. You simply do not get the feel that you are getting what you were paying for, especially when you look at what we used to get for less money. or at least a similar amount of money because, you know, again, inflation. But let's not get ahead of ourselves. I just want to stress the fact that I'm not an idiot. I I can't do math and I don't know anything about the economy or the value of currency, but I do know dolls. I can promise you that much at least. And to drive this point home, you can pick out like, I don't know, literally any collector Barbie, any Barbie that costs more than like $50 and compare her to Barbies you could buy from Walmart in the '9s, the the early 2000s, and there's like not a huge difference in what you're buying. In fact, sometimes the Playline dolls from the past really and truly outclass the collector dolls from today. It's like like it's it's sad. But why is this? Why are dolls becoming more expensive but decreasing in product quality? Well, like many things in life, it's very complicated. There are, of course, some short-term reasons, as in things that happened very recently and directly affected the prices of these products. A little word that begins with T and ends with Arif. We have a quote from our president saying that maybe children will have two dolls instead of 30 in direct response to complaints about how this policy will affect the price of toys. And sure, maybe there's a separate conversation about materialism and young children, but I feel like that's something to be handled by the family, not the country literally making toys unaffordable for families and limiting their choices. But I do digress. And this didn't just affect toys for children. I don't mean to be like, think about the adults buying toys, but it did have a pretty significant effect on collector products. Prices just over the last year jumped up on average. I would estimate, I don't know, like 8 to 15%. That number is purely just a feeling. I have no idea what the actual metrics are, but it does seem to be pretty specific because a lot of prices now are just sort of odd numbers like $81 or or $98 instead of the standard 75 or or 80 or 90. Another thing that happened pretty recently, the global pandemic. I hope we're allowed to say that word without getting flagged now. If you recall, that caused a lot of very significant supply chain issues that affected prices, too. Though, actually, it was a very good period for toy sales in general. Lots and lots of dolls were being sold. And this isn't too unusual. There is this phenomenon called the lipstick index which is an economic theory that suggests that purchases of non-essential lowcost luxury items actually increase in times of economic crisis or uncertainty like makeup, hence the name. This theory basically posits that people will make more of these non-essential purchases in order to cope or to feel more in control of their financial situation. And although I haven't seen any reports or articles on this happening with toys specifically, it was extremely exceedingly well documented that adults during the pandemic were buying and collecting toys at extremely high rates. And if you look at the dolls that were being produced and sold between like 2020 to 2023, you'll see a lot of very high quality, wellexecuted products. We also did see a pretty sharp increase in prices during this time, too. Like with Rainbow High specifically, we were seeing dolls on store shelves for $35, for $50, over $100 a few times. If you also look at dolls from around 2008 to 2012, you'll see something similar too. And there was quite a significant financial crisis in that time too, which I think leads a lot of credence to this theory. And although these are considered rather shortterm or even temporary reasons, I bring them up because once a company raises the standard price of a product, it's not going to go back down. Like, it's just not I don't know. It might, but that's pretty rare. Once they raise that price, it it's only ever going to go up, especially if their consumer base proves that they will still buy products at that price level. So even if these situations are technically temporary, the effects on the prices are longlasting as a whole. If we want to talk more long-term reasons, one big one is simply that the market of fashion dolls has changed significantly from how it was originally. And I personally find this very interesting. But if you look back at the early days of Barbie, the trends setter that she is back then in the 60s and the 70s, it wasn't necessarily the norm for a child to have a whole bunch of different Barbies. She may have Barbie and her friends and her family, you know, MIJ and Skipper and Kin, but she would really only have a handful of Barbies or or even just one Barbie. And that was perfectly normal. The first Barbie sold for $3 whole, which in today's money would be around $30, give or take, and she would come just wearing a simple swimsuit. where Mattel made their money beyond that was selling outfits for her to wear. All of these outfits, outfits for her friends, too. Outfits for her sister. It It simply wasn't the norm to make a new Barbie for every new situation like we do now. Instead, primarily it was these fashion packs. In fact, it was so normal to have just one Barbie that once Barbie got her upgrade into the mod era and she got her new look, there was this whole promotion to trade in your old Barbie to get a discount on the new Barbie. And I think it was thanks to this sales model focusing primarily on selling outfits rather than constantly making all these other dolls that Mattel was able to make such incredibly detailed and highquality fashions around this time in ways that they just feasibly wouldn't be able to anymore. Fashion packs in general are kind of almost seen as a thing of the past, which I personally find really sad. I miss them. And yes, I know that this can tie into the quote from earlier about children only needing two dolls, but I do think there's a difference between, you know, having only two or three dolls because that's the normal purchasing model promoted and intended by Mattel and only having two or three dolls because that's that's all your family can afford. like the pretty significant difference in context. But also, here's a really fun fact. Dolls are one of the few industries that actually haven't experienced a period of inflation. Well, technically this applies to toys in general. According to an article by Business Insider, over the last 30 years, toys have actually experienced a period of deinflation or deflation, I guess. Basically, the standard cost of dolls simply hasn't gone up since the '9s. The standard cost of a doll is anywhere from 11 to $30 today, depending on the release. The same was basically true for 1995. And that is mainly due to the fact that families just are not willing to pay more than that. Regardless of economic situation, regardless of whatever the standard median income is, parents are very very unlikely to pay significantly more than that for a doll. So actually, technically, economically speaking, the price of dolls has gone down quite significantly in the last 30 years. A $20 doll today is the equivalent to paying $5 for a doll back in the '90s, according to Business Insider. Anyways, I'm not doing that math on my own. So, while the price of dolls in the store hasn't changed, the costs of the materials to make said dolls has changed. They've gone up. They have been subject to inflation. So, it is now remarkably more expensive to make a doll than it was 30 years ago. and they generate far less profits due to the fact that they are still set at that same price. That is why dolls just just basically across the board are not made with the same quality and care that they were when I was a child. It is simply is just not a feasible thing to do anymore. And please do not mistake this for me defending these companies. I will never be caught dead defending them. You can trust me on that because I'm also not going to sit here and pretend that corporate greed is also not a significant factor here. So look at Mattel for example. They have recently decided that by 2026 they want to save $200 million. Why 200 million? I don't know. I actually have no idea. I could probably find one of their shareholder meetings and listen in and try to parse the exact reasonings and metrics, but I don't want to. It's really not that relevant anyways. But because they've set this goal for themselves, they have been cutting costs wherever they can. This includes severe budget cuts on their properties. This includes firing long-term employees. a lot of creative positions. Coincidentally, around the same time, they've spoken about utilizing generative AI for design work. This includes offloading their brands as IPs to be licensed out rather than making their own products. I can sympathize to an extent about the fact they can't make dolls at the level they used to be able to. I get that that I can't sympathize with making decisions that are actively anti-consumer in an attempt to maximize profits because Mattel is not a small business. They love to pretend that they're this little homegrown company run out of a garage, but they're not. They are quite literally one of, if not the biggest toy company in the entire world. They're not, you know, they're not going anywhere anytime soon, even if they have a rough year or two. And, you know, there is actually a demographic that's willing to pay more than $25 for a doll. Us. Adult collectors. We will pay quite a lot of money for a doll, especially if it's one that is labeled for adult collectors. In our case, you you don't have to adhere to certain standards to make collector products. is speaking purely to pricing. I mean, collector dolls are generally sold directly from the company's website. You don't have to discuss pricing with a retailer. You don't have to compete for shelf space. You don't have to put a lot of budget into eye-catching packaging. You have a lot more freedom to create a product that is held to a much higher standard of quality. But most collector dolls just frankly are not worth it in my opinion. They just aren't. I I mean, I have a relatively comfortable financial situation. If there's a doll I want and she's $100, most of the time I can buy her without thinking too hard about it. Every once in a while, definitely not like one right after the other. And also really not anything more much more expensive than that. But I also grew up like dirt poor. Like destitute Victorian orphan poor. The kind of poor that you see in movies and you think they're being way too heavy-handed about how poor this family is. I've known financial insecurity. I've known food insecurity. And we really don't have to get into details because it's not really necessary. But I bring this up to say that I have a lot of lingering, let's be real, trauma, but also a lot of habits from those days. And one of those habits is just that I can't spend large amounts of money without feeling guilty. Like physical pains in my chest, kind of guilty. So these very expensive collector dolls are pretty big decisions for me. ones that I weigh pretty heavily and a good 90% of the time. Like, I just don't think they're worth it. I I don't think they're worth spending that much money on because I know it'll feel like a waste because I just don't feel like what I pay for is what I'm getting. And yeah, there are times where I buy a doll that I know in my heart is really overpriced, but I still do because I love her. But I would also very much enjoy not having to go through this whole mental process every time I want to make that decision, you know. And my situation is very much not universal. There really is no way to talk about finances and it applies to even like 5% of an audience. Everyone has their own unique situation. So I'm not here to apply my experiences to anyone. Again, just here to talk because let's face it, the economy is scary. It is. It just is. That's something I think most people can relate to. The toy industry may finally be catching up with inflation, but that doesn't mean people's incomes are also rising to match that inflation. And obviously, it's a lot more complex than that. We don't need to do a deep dive into the American economy. We really don't. But like, what's the point? What's the solution? What is my thesis here? Honestly, I don't know. Like, I'm not going to sit here and beg for companies to lower their prices. I do that enough already as it is. But I also acknowledge the dissonance of talking about how many households are facing financial insecurity and then capping off this video by saying that my inessential little plastic women need to cost less. Everything needs to cost less. Maybe that's my thesis. No. Um, truthfully, I didn't make this video with any kind of big solution in mind. Maybe I thought one would come to me the more I talked, but it didn't. So, more or less, I'm just making this video as an open discussion because I think it's an important conversation to have in the collecting community. It's a necessary thing to point out the fact that these things are getting more and more expensive and also to acknowledge that some nuance comes with that. all the factors that go into deciding these prices, some of which are understandable, some of which are not so much. Because the way it's going, it just it honestly isn't sustainable. I see so many of my fellow collectors feel priced out of this hobby because of how expensive these collector dolls are and they're just getting more expensive, more and more expensive. And there shouldn't be any shame in this discussion either. I have seen people with the attitude of like, oh, you're just bitter because you can't afford this doll, which is like frankly really disgusting. the the price of a doll should be open to criticism regardless of if you can afford it or not. Plus, maybe they can afford it and just simply do not want to pay that much money for something that doesn't feel worth that much money, which is so utterly extremely valid. Or or maybe they can't afford it and it's just sad that they feel excluded from their hobby because of this very significant barrier. And like look, dolls are a luxury. I know this. They are not essential to survival. At no point in anyone's life do they need to purchase dolls, especially as an adult. And they especially don't need collector dolls either. So, I hope the way I'm talking doesn't come off entitled. I am trying to look at this objectively, but I mean I am talking about my experience and there's always going to be some level of consumerism and materialism when talking about collecting. That's that's just how it is. But I do want to stress that that's not the point. The point of me making this video is not to be like, I want to buy more dolls. I want more dolls. It's it's not that. And we want to talk about children. You know, them being priced out of having toys is definitely not a good thing either. Dolls, toys in general are an extremely important part of a child's enrichment. And I can also tell you firsthand how utterly miserable and alienating it is to grow up knowing and feeling that you have so much less than your peers do. So I guess maybe the point of all this talking is just to say like if you feel like your hobby is becoming unaffordable, you definitely aren't alone. And it is also absolutely to no fault of your own. I think that we as a community can perhaps be more thoughtful and nuanced when approaching this topic, but at the same time, like, yeah, a lot of the criticisms are completely valid. I would also argue that being critical of pricing at any level is good and necessary. And that doesn't mean storming Mattel's offices with torches and yelling, "Make the dolls cheaper." It just means acknowledging that these prices are often quite unrealistic and out of touch with a lot of people, a lot of collectors and if it keeps going this way, it's going to be very unsustainable. So yeah, like I said, this is a discussion and that means your input is extremely valued. I never make videos to tell people how to think or how to feel about something. So, if you disagree with me, if you think dolls are all perfectly and fairly priced, then that's what you're entitled to. I still love you. But please let me know your thoughts, your takes, your experiences. They are important to me and I would like to hear them. But anything that's on your mind, please let it out down below. Tell me about it. And when you're done with that, maybe I don't know, like and subscribe. Just a thought. But most importantly of all, remember to keep it cute. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @SunshineDollArt [3 likes]: I bought several dolls in January and didnt get around to being able to buy more dolls until December. The only people who can afford this hobby seem to be content creators.
  2. @Sumaipon [1 likes]: I would be okay with paying higher prices for dolls if the quality matched. I just bought the new gala Barbie for retail because I was afraid if I missed it, the second-hand market would price me out of getting her like it did for the first one. If I'm buying a doll for $60 I at least want articulation? Gorgeous face, cute outfit, but she had no elbow, wrist, knee, or foot articulation. Her elbows and knees are molded into awkward positions that screams "ONLY LOOK NO TOUCH". I was so happy to get her but at the same time felt a little guilty spending so much on getting so little out of the doll... I would buy all second-hand at this point if that market wasn't crazily overpriced now :(
  3. @InkpadsPlaypad [1 likes]: I don't really collect actual collector dolls I'm more of a play line collector.... And you definitely have to look for the diamonds in the rough.... But that being said I usually wait for sales...
  4. @wheelsygamer2203 [1 likes]: Magic the gathering fan here just crying in "secret lair"
  5. @kelsiparker7990 [1 likes]: Hot take: Every argument saying "[thing] should cost less!" is wrong, as making stuff cheaper generally results in someone up the line getting screwed over.  Instead, we should be saying "All wages should be high enough for people to afford [thing]".
  6. @clarisse96: me, a brazilian, trying to get a monster high is like... impossible. they cost more than 350 brl in some places. i have seen some rainbow high dolls for almost 500 brl, that's almost one third of minimum wage here. it's about the same price as buying a video game. some AAA games are 350-450 brl, but if you want to buy a playstation, that's more than minimum wage. one month worth of work is not enough to buy a console. it's getting really hard to get cheap entertainment here
  7. @teletubbyfan8209: im not even that into dolls im just listening to stuff as background noise so i can clean but youre lwk right
i wanted to get an operetta doll because i recently got into monster high from a friend and shes like.  right at the trifecta of all my interests. immediately my favorite character. but all the dolls i can find are like 75 or more dollars?? my broke ass cant afford allat maaaan
  8. @oliviastorment-frazier6242: I really wanted the Barbie dream besties dolls and the Barbie deluxe dolls. I finally purchased a doll from each line after they were put on clearance! I payed the price of one doll for two dolls. And it was (in my opinion) barley a good deal
  9. @zorubark: As a latin american whose interests tend to be expensive stuff from other countries it can be really frustrating how expensive everything is, some collector dolls cost 1.000.00 for me, I once had monstr high dolls as a kid but they got in really bad condition or I donated them or lost them, I forgot, but whats important is that I wish I could have at least some childhood dolls again BUT THEYRE SO EXPENSIVE, even the G3 versions have problems: theyre hard to find, most stores here only sell some lines, I dont know if I'll even fine Catty Noir G3 even if I go to a bigger city and look at the stores. But if I buy imported I have to pay taxes and shipping, its hellish! 
I ended up coming to the conclusion: "I like fashion dolls and ball jointed dolls, but BJDs are higher qualitaty and let me express myself artistically on them, if I'm gonna get something so expensive, I want it to be special, not a mass produced dolls. I do love the mass produced dolls, but their shoes are made out of plastic, meanwhile I can buy bjd shoes that are made of real fabric. I'd love to have both, but I kinda gotta choose"
So now I appreciate the fashion doll beauty on the sidelines, never buying but appreciating them
  10. @misiam9992: I got so mad when mga basically „discontinued” prime rh and sh. They  were pretty much the only dolls available with full articulations, high quality clothes, beautiful makeup etc. at the price point of what, 25$?
  11. @asmonster6481: Hope the new meds are still treating you well. Always love and enjoy your content ❤
  12. @feydivgif: My country recently shut down all international toy ordering, there is no opinion other than illegally bringing them or paying someone to do it for you or buy toys from stores that are mostly play line and way more expensive because of taxes. 

This is why right now I don’t see any point in trying anymore, I quit doll collecting after recent tarrif bands. I just sometimes find second hand dolls and fix them.
  13. @jamieschneider6176: What’s crazy to me as I’ve started my collection is how expensive newer dolls are, for example a NIB 2009 fashionista is more expensive than a NIB 90s doll in some cases it’s insanity I paid 30 for an earring magic doll NIB but if I wanted a 2009 Fashionista it’d cost 80 bucks
  14. @marcialosak2803: barbie seems to lack a lot of quality lately, but the dream bestie line seems better, rainbow high has less quality and detail lately, so I've quit buying them, I've quit buying the monster high , disney ily and omgs too, not that they're bad but just too much of the same or similar dolls and i have too many already.i think the toy companies need to make less dolls and more outfit/fashion packs
  15. @stormsnoot6316: Great video! I was really glad you mentioned that quality dropped to make up for a price cap that consumers have set with their spending (and all of the accompanied nuance - of course we as consumers deserve better). Everything is more expensive and wages have been stagnant for decades. I try to tell my friends (in the US at least) that unionizing our workplace is the material thing we can do here - get paid what you're owed! Heck, YouTubers need a union too.
  16. @cockroachfriend9061: i only just started to get back into dolls and im SOOO disappointed to see that outfit packs arent the norm anymore. what do you mean i have to pay people clothes prices for a doll outfit
  17. @h_stefany88: I'm Brazilian, I start collecting Barbie dolls in 2018 when I turned 30 (I was born in 1988). Being a kid the in whole 90s, I remember Barbie dolls were already really expensive, that's why bootleg "Barbies" were so popular. We had another company (Estrela) that had a partnership with Mattel and was allowed to manufacture Barbie dolls directly in Brazil from early 80's until mid 90's, but still they were expensive. But, despite the price, we had QUALITY. Nobody could deny how luxurious and glamourous those Barbie dolls were back then (yes, we all know how Barbies were back then, huh? Big dresses and voluminous fluffly hair scattared all over the box lol).

I never owned an original Mattel or Estrela Barbie doll in my childhood. But had tons os bootleg Barbies (they were really cute btw). And Barbies are still expensive until today. But they don't have quality. That's the difference. 

I usually buy second hand dolls online because modern Barbies are not delivering quality and are super expensive.

I find it insane that sometimes I can pay less for a second hand  90's/00's Barbie  in good shape than I would pay for a brand new doll from a store. For example, the other day I paid R$120 (U$21) for a 1998 collector "Winter Evening Barbie", used, but in great condition, like brand new, the doll is detailed, her dress is thick fabric with nice faux-fur, makeup and hair are amazing, while a playline random dreamtopia princess Millie face doll with painted on bodice and paper like skirt is like R$150 (U$27) in stores LOL How is this possible? Oh, and I find cheap older Barbies all the time, the Winter Evening wasn't a lucky find since I find Mackie face dolls from 90s-2000s under R$200 (U$36) all the time on 2nd market. Even past Holiday dolls are cheaper than the most recent ones, and compare their quality...
  18. @Apakak12345: Hobbies shouldn't be a luxury.
  19. @WilliamHowardTaft27: i spent $150 buying Vampire Heart Draculaura from an amazon scalper because she sold out instantly, i literally sobbed for a half hour after making that purchase from the guilt but i wanted her so badly. now i cant even look at her and she stays boxed up in my closet :/
  20. @AuntJulie75: I want the Wednesday doll, the Wicked dolls

- The grindification of hobbies: Kind: captions Language: en Something weird has happened to hobbies. They don't feel like hobbies anymore. Whether you're into music production, skateboarding, painting, photography, or film making, our culture has made us feel like this recreation time is a waste unless it's building towards something bigger. You can't just paint anymore. You have to be developing your artistic voice. You can't just skateboard. You have to be progressing, filming tricks, building your style. Photography isn't about taking pictures you like. It's about finding your niche, maybe shooting some weddings on the side. But here's what's really happening. We've taken everything that used to be just for fun and turned it into another form of work. We've lost the ability to do something just because it feels good to do it. Everything has to have a trajectory, a purpose beyond just existing. And honestly, it's killing the joy out of everything. The thing that made hobbies special was that they were the one area of your life where you could be terrible at something and it didn't matter. where you could experiment, mess up, try weird stuff, and there were no consequences because it was just for you. Now we're tracking our progress, setting goals, comparing ourselves to others online, treating our free time like it's another job we're not getting paid for. We've infected our downtime with the same productivity mindset that already dominates everything else. I see this constantly with creative stuff. Someone starts making beats because they think it might be fun, but within a week they're watching YouTube tutorials on the producer mindset and building your brand as a beat maker. They haven't even finished their first track and they're already thinking about Soundcloud followers and getting signed to a label or painting. People download Procreate to mess around with digital art, but suddenly they're researching brush settings and watching speed paint tutorials and feeling frustrated because their stuff doesn't look like what they see online. The experimentation phase gets skipped entirely. Social media obviously makes this worse. Everything becomes content. You can't just skateboard for the feeling of it. You should probably be filming tricks for Tik Tok. You can't just produce music for yourself. Why not post those beats on Instagram? The act of documenting the hobby becomes more important than actually enjoying the hobby. And then there's the productivity guilt. We live in a culture where rest feels irresponsible. If you're not hustling, grinding, building something, what are you even doing? Hobbies feel frivolous because they don't directly contribute to your career or your bank account or your personal development. But that's exactly the point. Hobbies aren't supposed to be productive. They're supposed to be the antidote to productivity culture, not another victim of it. When you make music just because certain sounds make you happy. When you paint just to see colors mixed together. When you skateboard just to feel the movement, that's not wasted time. That's your brain getting to play. That's you remembering what it feels like to be human instead of a productivity machine. We've convinced ourselves that if something doesn't lead somewhere, it's pointless. But what if the point is just the doing? What if the value is in the experience itself, not in any outcome or product you might create? We've made everything into a potential side hustle. Every interest has to be justified through productivity or profit. But when every hobby becomes a business opportunity, we lose something essential about what makes them valuable in the first place. Your hobbies don't owe you anything. They don't have to make you money or make you better or make you more interesting. Sometimes the most radical thing you can do is just enjoy something for the sake of enjoying

  Top Comments:
  1. @whoisalastair [16 likes]: My newsletter : https://a-last-stair.beehiiv.com/
  2. @pilou_photography [2 likes]: I used to watch YouTube videos of people saying "I turned my passion into my work so now I never work", I turned photography into my work and I just lost my passion. Now I'm back into engineering and I've never been so happy to do photography!
  3. @kornelkorzeniewicz7686: this is my assignment for the english class, but somehow the owner has turned on automatic dubbing.... cuz why not? 😕
  4. @Mixv3g: I feel blessed to find this channel and these videos.
  5. @burn1gotbeats: this video is kinda deep 👍🏽😎✔️
  6. @StudioMudprints: Even worse is the hypocrisy. First getting slammed for cosplaying as a reviewer (when myvwork wasn't a review) then struggling for growth, then on burnout having the exact same people tell me to "make videos for you", only for those videos to tank because those (STILL SAME) viewers didn't - and didn't care to - watch. All the while demanding more and more expensive stuff gets covered, and when I got partners to alleviate the cost, then getting called - by the same people - a shill. Despite dropping some seriously negative reviews. 

It goes on and on. I rarely play video games now.
  7. @FoundCrusader: “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only born Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have eternal life.” - John‬ ‭3‬:‭16‬ ‭(WEB)
  8. @johnmork59: american centric viewpoint - not shared globally I fking hope
  9. @richiesexploration: Agree, but dosnt just stop there. They tend to brag about brands or how much it cost.
  10. @KenthEbol-p2q3h: Actually for me it's fun to do. just because we're not getting paid. Because there is a reason when doing something you like it's fun even when bored because it's passion doing something you like and doing something that feels unproductive.
  11. @Kitsco45: I love doing creative stuff. But yeah. Like I just started doing needle felting and I love it but I was immediately asked to make stuff for people or sell them at an art market. I appreciate that they believe I could make money off of it but I JUST started that hobby and immediately felt the pressure
  12. @johnkrismanick1971: Screw this culture! I still enjoy guitar 🎸 just for the simple fact that music moves me.
Btw, stop saying "we". A lot of us refuse to  included ourselves in their "we". Great video though. Keep it up.
  13. @SparkyMularkey: This kind of thinking is so insidious, too! And it's hard to break free from. I recently found that I enjoy pool, but I found myself looking up expensive pool cues and trying to find tutorials to improve and wondering if I should document my """journey""" for social media. UGH. I hate this. Why can't I just do something for fun??
  14. @gusklemp3477: Buy a motorbike
  15. @MidBoyCreates: you're not lying.
  16. @SpaceHitlerFrieza: bro really said "wanting to improve at what you love is bad becuse you should just relax"
  17. @OHTraveler: I landed here because Ive driven myself crazy with every hobby I can remember trying. It's really really sad.
  18. @Рита-с7н: Had to listen this one for a few times during my English lesson, so here the hater goes. Very philosophical, so philosophical I'm getting sicker with every second. A great video to study English and die out of boredom.
  19. @willyromney: Bro.
  20. @SquidSnipes: I mean if you have a goal for your hobby that is okay. Like when I play guitar I have the goal of getting good enough so that I can play at gigs someday as a hobby and I would like to play J Rock because there are no clubs around where I live where they have live J Rock. But I mean I still get enjoyment out of playing guitar

- Why is every hobby so expensive: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to another video, everyone. Today, I want to talk about hobbies and why they all seem to be so expensive now. I don't really have any hobbies. Even growing up, all I really did or or from what I remember enjoying was collecting things. Just things that I thought looked cool. Like back in school, Yu-Gi-Oh! cards, Pokémon cards were very, very popular. Everyone had them. I used to collect them as well. Everyone used to trade cards with each other and I remember at one point at the back of a classroom, I actually got robbed of my Dark Magician card by an older kid. And I remember there was this one kid that used to bring in fake Yu-Gi-Oh! cards. So, he polluted the entire supply and circulation of the cards that we used to trade. The only thing in recent memory that I've collected has been old games. Not just so that I can buy them and put them on a shelf and never use them, but because I'm actually interested in playing them. I have a load of old consoles. I've still got a GameCube. I've still got a Wii, a PS3. And if there's a game that I like or want to play on it, I like trying to buy it physically. I think I started doing that around lockdown time and I did it for about two or three years. Now, one thing I was thinking about recently is when my girlfriend comes back, to replay the Mario Party games, specifically the GameCube ones. So, right here, I've got Mario Party 4, Mario Party 5, Mario Party 6, Mario Party 7. And this isn't a GameCube game, but it's close enough and it's one of my favorites, Mario Party 8. Now, if you paid very close attention, you'll notice that when I said Mario Party 7, I actually didn't hold anything up and that's because I don't have it. Let's take a look at why. Mario Party 4 sells for about £28. Mario Party 5 sells for £30. Mario Party 6 had a microphone that came with it. So, if you want to buy it with the microphone, you're looking at £95. This with the microphone, with the outer box and the manual, but if you want to just skip out on that cuz you don't need the microphone, you can buy it without the mic and it's still going to cost you £55. So, nearly the price of a full price game today. But what about Mario Party 7? Because this is the one that I don't have. Well, without the mic, without the outer box, with no manual, £100. Now, what if you're a collecting and you want the outer box? And what if you want the mic with it? And what if you want the manual to collect it? £220. I know there's Americans watching that might not know what that is in dollars. That's pretty much $300. You might be noticing the pattern at this point. Each game keeps getting progressively expensive. So, let's take a look at Mario Party 8. You don't even want to imagine how much I paid for this. £15. Yeah, it's just Mario Party 7. I don't know why that one specifically is so expensive, but it is. Might have to go to a car boot sale and see if someone's selling it and have no idea what they're selling and then just buy it for like £5. Now, do you know another series that I started playing this year was Silent Hill. I played through all the main games, really enjoyed them and I thought, "You know what? I'm going to buy some of these physically." And I think the only one that I have physically is Silent Hill: Shattered Memories on the Wii. Now, this game's funny because it released as a Wii game, but it did get ported to the PS2. I bought it on the Wii cuz that's what the game was made for and it's cheaper, but still expensive at £55. I want you to go in the comments and guess how much you think the PS2 port is before I reveal it. All right, it's £450. Now again, I wasn't ever planning on getting it on the PS2 cuz why would I? It was made for the Wii and I'll just play it on the Wii. But god damn, I feel for any PlayStation collector that wants the Silent Hill games in their in their collection. Silent Hill 3, this was my favorite one that I played. If you want this one on the PS2, £85. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like yeah, it's not 450, but it's still more than a full price modern game. Silent Hill, the first game that's getting a remake over the next few years at some point, £130. This is why I stopped collecting retro video games like two years ago. Cuz anything I wanted to get either cost just as much as a modern game or would go up to ridiculous prices like these that we've looked at today. Because when I did it, I would buy things that I actually cared about. I know some collectors like to just get a full set or buy things that are just really cheap or games that they've not played or don't have any intention of playing. I would sometimes do that, but generally, I would only buy things that I actually wanted to play or cared about. But that's too far. I'm just going to quit at that point. Now, the next thing I want to talk about is LEGO. I'm not really into LEGO. I used to have it growing up. I think I enjoyed the games though more than actually building it. I used to play a lot of LEGO Star Wars, Indiana Jones, Batman. But recently, my girlfriend said she liked the look of a LEGO set. So, I I said, "Okay, well, what is it?" It's the Tropical Aquarium. So, I looked it up. Yeah, it looks really nice, actually. It's very colorful, very vibrant and it looks really cool. This was news to me. I did not know LEGO was this expensive. It's 4,100 pieces in the set, so that's probably why. That sounds like a lot of pieces. I don't know. If anyone's into building LEGO, is 4,100 pieces considered a lot for a set? But I was curious at this point. I wanted to look at different LEGO sets and and see what else they had. And they have some really cool Lord of the Rings sets. And when I say cool, I mean, wow, look at this. Like they look really, really good. This one is 5,400 pieces. There's 10 mini figures included. This is also £400. Like I said, I can't tell you whether or not it's worth it cuz I don't have it. It looks [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cool, but I don't know what the experience is. I don't know how long this would take to build. I just was shocked to find out certain LEGO sets cost that much. Probably my favorite one is this Rivendell set. I mean, look at that. That looks really, really nice. This one is 6,100 pieces, includes 15 mini figures. So, of course it costs a little bit extra, £430. And I looked up why it costs so much. One of the reasons is because they have to license the IP. So, licensing costs plus apparently it's very good quality and of course there's thousands of pieces per set. There's also the Shire, which has a lot less pieces, there's 2,000 pieces, nine mini figures. This one is £230. So, if it looks really good overall and the experience of actually building it is something you really enjoy and it takes a long time to actually do, then it's probably worth it. Like I said, I just had no idea LEGO cost that much. And the final thing I want to talk about is trading cards. Now, it's not even the retail price that's the problem here. It's more so the fact that you're competing with loads of other people and robots to actually buy one of these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] things. I mean, we've all seen the videos, right? Of people running through Target or Walmart or something on release day of a new set. Run over to the Pokémon section, stop putting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in their basket. Everyone's in a rush, everyone's in a hurry. They're just trying to buy as many sets as possible just so they can resell them. That's the problem when it comes to trading cards. They are never in stock cuz people have already bought them all up and their entire goal is to just resell them for a higher price, double, triple the price. Now, whenever this came out in it was this year at some point. I think toward the beginning of the year. So, what I did was I went on the website before it came out and I was waiting for it. I was hoping that I could add it to my basket on release and actually buy it before robots bought it or real people or who whoever's on the website queuing up for it. I was hoping I could get one before that. And thankfully, I did. I actually managed to get one and then almost immediately, like a second after, if you refreshed the page, it was out of stock and I never seen it in stock ever again. So, people that are actually into Pokémon cards and do this all the time for every single set, I feel bad for them because I mean, they are competing with thou- tens of thousands of other people. They're competing with bots that are designed to buy that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in record speeds. And I know plenty of adults collect Pokémon cards, but it's even worse if you're a kid. I mean, if you're a kid, you've got no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chance at this point. I don't know if it was like this when I was a kid. I'm sure there were very rare cards that a lot of people wanted and so they could resell it for a lot of money back then. But I think maybe social media and a lot of people's content, you know, opening packs and getting really expensive cards and then getting them graded as well, maybe that brought more attention to the whole thing and so now it's much harder to get Pokémon cards. I don't know. So, I think next for me, I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to take up the hobby of watching paint dry. So, that's that sounds fun. It it sounds a a little cheaper and and as well. So, yeah, I might do that. Or I might start watching the clock tick. That's another good one. And before anyone comments, how about you get into the hobby of going outside? It's free. I've already considered that one, thank you. But anyway, thank you for watching. I hope you all enjoyed. Definitely subscribe if you're new here and I will see you all in my next video. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @PatrickBolter [5 likes]: When I was a kid you'd go to cash converters and get games for like $5, $20 tops. But now it's been turned into a speculative market, people collecting games as investments rather than as a hobby. It's unavoidable with anything that has demand but it still sucks. I had a N64 for years that had a cash converters sticker on it for $45 dollars.
  2. @brotherduck47: I really like your videos!
Also I have a GameCube too!
and I have the Lego gameboy!
  3. @NoFunctionMX: I quit collecting in general. After a while, it just felt like mindless consumerism that only served as a temporary dopamine hit. Not to mention how quickly it can turn into clutter.
  4. @japanwatchesuk5387: I collect Games, I intend to play, sometimes I don't get around too playing them however I avoid buying games for the sake of buying games. Last generation of games (PS4 and Xbox One) are perfect to collect right now, as prices have dropped significantly. It was the same with Xbox 360 ten years ago. In ten to fifteen years time PS4/Xbox one games, will catch value again and the used market will come full circle.
  5. @bobbobson3999: Dude I know the aquarium set was fricken expensive but, pleeaase tell me you got your girl the lego set. 😇
  6. @spidermanguy2000: Glad I started collecting old games back in 2017 and so on, this was before retro game prices were inflated.
  7. @romandoo: I found a way around it. Get this... Stealing
  8. @TehGoldd: I think vintage games can keep going and might be cheap for what they'll be in the future if pokemon xd can hit 300 a lot of other games can imo
  9. @TehGoldd: Mario party 4 isn't that good js
  10. @basbas63: Reminds me that a store here has a Final Fantasy X sealed listed for 200 Euros...

The Final Fantasy X 'Platinum' edition, opened, at the same store is 10 Euros...

What the actual f**k
  11. @SaintShiba: Antiques that have interesting history and craftsmanship are often cheaper than this. Cheaper and better furniture than new stuff too.
  12. @Terminal_Apotos: I don’t usually buy brand new video games since very few releasing interest me but 2026 has quite a few games I wanna play. I would have to spend 210$ to get THREE games on release, looks like I’m gonna wait for some sales.
  13. @arcadegamer-83: That lego aquarium set 😂 you could get a switch 2 for that
  14. @HexLeaf-ohmyswirls: For me as a jit old games was all I could afford before the uncs got to them specifically DS games from GameStop pre owned because 3ds games were expensive lol
  15. @JannesJustus: the joke with going outside as a hobby is truly a classic joke from our lettuce
  16. @Terramonium_tcm: I don't have space anymore to collect games
  17. @Raiikard: Every hobby instantly goes to sh*t once it gets an "economy". At least you can still emulate old games but i have completely given up on physical card games because i dont feel like competing with bots
  18. @Jacobsanchez965: Release Man vs Gorilla
  19. @Ark_angel-z8q: Bro collects pokemon cards???
  20. @yuutoasmr: rip

- Crazy Luxurious Hobbies Only The Rich Can Afford | Luxury Hobbies For The RICH | Luxury Lifestyle: Kind: captions Language: en rich individuals leave port in luxury yachts while those of us with modest earnings might take the canoe out on the weekends while some of us snuggle with our labrador retrievers others collect exotic pets such as lions and tigers yes the affluent have different lifestyles than the rest of us here are some of the many thrilling activities enjoyed by the wealthy ranging from climbing into everest to hunting animals in africa driving a race car if you enjoy speeding around a track and have a daring side high performance race vehicle driving can be a lot of fun but don't get carried away according to nascar racing experience three eight minute driving sessions can cost up to 950 dollars yachting if you can afford to sail aboard a boat you don't need to go on a cruise with strangers you don't need to know how to sail to go out on the open sea because most larger boats come with a captain and crew unfortunately you will need a substantial bank account to participate in this activity according to the richest renting one might cost five thousand dollars per day a 170 foot yacht can cost as much as 50 million dollars to buy outright according to forbes however some luxury yachts believe it or not cost much more polo polo is a team sport played on horseback that the royals enjoy it's no surprise then that it's a costly hobby full membership in the detroit polo club for example costs 3 000 per year according to the boston globe the cost of a horse can be as high as 250 000 for a polo pony dancing in ballrooms taking a few ballroom dance lessons here and there won't break the wallet according to cost helper if you make ballroom dancing a serious passion and start competing the cost of competition fees lessons transportation and other expenses might add up to ten thousand dollars per year given that competitive level dance lessons alone cost fifty dollars to two hundred dollars per pair per session this isn't surprising climbing mountains anyone can walk a mountain for exercise or to take in the scenery if you want to reach the top of the world's most famous summits you'll have to open your checkbook hiking one of these magnificent peaks can cost thousands of dollars including a guide food base camp and oxygen prices vary but reaching the summit of mount everest can cost a single climber eleven thousand dollars in license fees alone exotic animal collecting owning a domestic dog or cat isn't enough for some millionaires they'd rather acquire rare and valuable animals unfortunately this pastime comes at a high cost purchasing a cheetah cub might cost anywhere from fifteen thousand dollars to twenty five thousand dollars a tiger cub costs three thousand two hundred dollars whereas an adult tiger costs fifty thousand dollars a lion cup can cost anything from one thousand five hundred dollars to fifteen thousand dollars antiques collecting you don't have to be wealthy to collect antiques and estate and garage auctions can yield some high value treasures antique collecting on the other hand can be an expensive hobby for the wealthy someone who collects handcrafted carpets for example might pay up to two hundred and fifty seven thousand dollars for a 150 year old persian silk rug racing horses visiting a horse racing track and putting a wager does not have to be expensive however breeding training and racing your own horses in contests can be costly according to the jockey club a horse racing and breeding organization the average cost of a racehorse in 2015 was over 65 000 when you factor in the cost of food grooming and lodging the cost of this hobby skyrockets golfing anyone may swing a club in their backyard but the world's wealthiest golfers seek out the greatest courses and some are willing to pay a lot of money to do so it will set you back a fair buck to join some of the world's most elite clubs the joining cost at trump national in westchester for example ranges from thirty thousand dollars to fifty thousand dollars art collecting the collection of high-end art is one of the most expensive hobbies pablo picasso's master work les femmes dialger which sold for 179 million dollars to an unknown bidder in 2015 and paul gogans when will you marry which sold for 300 million dollars to qatar museums the same year are two of the most expensive paintings in the world vintage automobile collecting the super rich is known to collect rare and vintage automobiles an antique collectibles price fluctuates a 1954 mercedes formula one race car for example can cost up to 29.6 million these are some of the hobbies luxuries and interests that only the rich can afford if you liked our video give it a thumbs up and subscribe the channel for more awesome content you

  Top Comments:
  1. @pagerhoads1531: Elite electric cars that don't require the use of the poor man's gas station as not to mix with the peasants and get their germs on them then they would have to go and buy a new outfit and take a shower again
  2. @shouryaediter9486: 😍
  3. @editornp6612: 😍
  4. @abay7019: 😂
  5. @saimonstuntvlog1338: 😁
  6. @mychannel-hn1dj: 😁
  7. @boronisourav: 🤗
  8. @NaveedAli-kg8nd: Nice video I like this one better than video
  9. @mwaheedali3717: Wowe nice video

- How Old Money Raises Kids—7 Rules You’ll Never See on Social Media: Kind: captions Language: en How do you spot a child raised by old money? You don't. That's the point. They're the ones who slip past your radar in a navy sweater that's been remended twice. The ones who send handwritten notes without making a Tik Tok about gratitude. Who speak three languages but never correct yours. Their world is curated for privacy, not performance. And the way they raise children follows rules you'll never see on social media. Before we open that playbook, a quick invitation. If luxury psychology and the hidden rules of wealth fascinate you, tap subscribe and hit the bell. On this channel, we pull back the velvet curtain on quiet power, old money culture, hidden empires, and the private rituals of the 1%. Stay until rule five. It flips the usual success advice on its head and explains why old money seems unshakable through recessions, scandals, and trends. Now, story time. A weekday dawn in a townhouse that looks ordinary from the street. Ivy laced brick. One brass knocker dulled by time. Inside, breakfast is simple. Seasonal fruit, eggs, tea. There's no neon cereal. No, what I eat in a day filming rig. On the table sits a small stack of ivory cards and a fountain pen. The 13-year-old doesn't scroll after eating. They write, "Dear Mr. Wilkins, thank you for speaking to our class about restoring wetlands. I learned the address is memorized. Stamps were bought last week." Downstairs, a pair of loafers goes to the cobbler for a second resole. Up the hall, a family calendar lists rowing practice, a museum lecture, tutoring. Not because grades are oxygen, but because competence is courtesy. After school, there's no announcement post, no hall, no outfit check. That's not the point. The point is continuity. Old money raises kids with a different northstar. Preserve the family, serve the community, and cultivate a self that doesn't need applause to stand tall. Here are the seven rules they teach quietly, consistently, and far from the algorithm. Rule one, understatement is armor. In old money households, attention is a currency. You spend it only when it buys something worthwhile. Children learn early that display invites risk. scammers, hangers on, and worst of all, envy that can turn into narrative. So, the family creates a habit, understate. If they can afford the shiny, they choose the simple. Logos face inward, not outward. Vacations aren't posted as a highlight reel. They're memories contained within the family album. Understatement isn't about shame or scarcity. It's a practical defense. Rule two, manners before milestones. Old money knows the trick. Credentials open doors, but character keeps you inside the room. So, while the schools and tutors may be excellent, the curriculum that matters starts at the dinner table. Children learn eye contact. How to introduce two strangers by offering a point of connection. How to write a prompt thank you. and how to treat staff with the exact same courtesy as a head of state. Here, etiquette isn't theater. It's a technology for minimizing friction in human life. A child who can navigate a receiving line, host a neighbor graciously, and listen more than they speak is a child who can graduate into any boardroom without feeling like an impostor. Please and thank you aren't precious. They're social engineering. The coaching is specific. Don't chew gum in public. Keep your phone off the table when someone is speaking. Send condolences the same day you hear the news grief shouldn't wait for your convenience. If you break it, you fix it and you apologize without adding a courtroom brief to your apology. Is it old-fashioned? Maybe. But these courtesies compound. They build reputational credit in ways that grades alone never will. Rule three, stewardship over stardom. In new money culture, children are often invited to view life as a stage. In old money culture, they're told they are trustees of a name, a network, and often a portfolio that predates them. That sounds lofty, but the practice is humble. Carry your weight. Add more than you subtract. Leave each place better than you found it. From a young age, kids are assigned stewardship reps. Not just chores, but responsibilities with downstream impact. One child tracks household energy use for a month, then presents a Saturday briefing on how to reduce it by 10%. Another organizes a coat drive with a local shelter, meets the director, and learns what donations actually help. They aren't trotted out for photo ops. The work is done quietly then reflected on at home. Rule four, institutions are tools, not identity. Yes, old money often moves through elite schools, clubs, and guilds. But the healthiest families teach a child to see these institutions as platforms, not pedestals. Alumni letters on the wall are a map, not a mirror. If legacy admissions or a family name opens a door, the message is good. Now prove you belong here by contributing meaningfully. That's why you'll see a curious mix in their afterchool life. Varsity sports that teach discipline and camaraderie. Arts that cultivate taste and expression. Internships that emphasize showing up on time and finishing a task without being chased. Prestige is not the goal. Utility is parents do something deeply unfashionable. They prepare kids to be bored. Long dinners without devices. Weekends in the countryside where quiet is the entertainment. A 2-hour concert where you sit through the second movement, even if you prefer the third. Why? Because the adult world is full of slow rooms. Old money raises children to endure and eventually enjoy those rooms so they can act effectively inside them. Rule five, capital first, cash second. If you've ever wondered why some fortunes survive three, four, even six generations while others evaporate, this is the rule that explains it. In old money households, kids are taught early that cash is a snapshot. Capital is the movie. Salaries rise and fall, but capital skills, relationships, ownership stakes, and the productive assets you steward can weather seasons. So, a 12-year-old learns frameworks more than formulas. Pay yourself first. Never sell a great asset just to buy a shiny liability. Read statements, not just headlines. Understand compounding by watching an actual dividend reinvest over years, not by memorizing a definition. Rule six, craft beats clout. Old money prefers mastery often unseen. Occasionally unglamorous mastery over a public tally of followers. Kids are nudged toward pursuits where patience is non-negotiable. Rowing before dawn. Scales on the piano. a foreign language that doesn't care how fast you want fluency. A hobby becomes an apprenticeship. And an apprenticeship becomes a signature style of doing hard things. There's a reason the sports list skews classic tennis, sailing, riding, fencing, squash. These aren't about exclusivity so much as continuity. They teach rhythm, restraint, precision, a body education that carries into how someone writes an email, runs a meeting, or walks into a crisis. Rule seven, exit the stage while applause is still loud. The final rule is paradoxical in a world addicted to more. Old money teaches strategic invisibility. You don't attend every gala. You don't front every deal. You don't speak at every panel. You pick your moments and then crucially you leave. Scarcity, even in appearances, preserves dignity and optionality. This applies to mistake management, too. When a young adult blunders, as all young adults do, the family doesn't feed the fire with statements designed to trend. They take the heat, repair the harm, accept the consequences, and go quiet. Time, space, and consistent behavior do the heavy lifting of repair. How do these rules look in practice? Let's drop into a year in the life of one old money family and trace how each principal shows up at school, at home, on holiday, and in crisis. We'll watch what they correct, what they celebrate, and what they never ever post. A year in the life. September. The school trunk is older than the teenager hauling it. Canvas worn smooth at the corners. Initials stencled in a type face that feels pre-algorithm. Move-in is brisk and quiet. In the dorm, the show is absent. No wall of sneakers. No ring light. One photograph on the desk. Greatgrandparents in front of a hospital wing they helped build. It's not decoration. It's a reminder that family stories are meant to point forward, not back. Rule one, understatement is armor. Shows up as a packing list. Two blazers, not five. One watch that can survive rain. Shoes that can take a shine. The teenager's roommate scrolls a first day, let's go video. Your student texts a quick note to their grandmother. Made it. Crew tryyouts Thursday. Love you. October. Manners before milestones play out at the parents weekend reception. A visiting philanthropist is speaking about urban parks. The teen waits then steps forward. Thank you for funding the new greenhouse. I'm in the botany elective. Could I ask your advice on native species? It's not networking. It's curiosity with a spine. Later that night in the common room, the teen drafts three short thank yous to adults they met. One for the lecture, one for a campus tour, one for a book recommendation. They'll never post these notes. They don't have to. The notes do their work in the quiet. November. A class president race turns spicy. Flyers, whispers, weaponized group chats. The old money kid is counseledled at home. Win by addition, not subtraction. No subtweets, no snark. Give the opponent a compliment at the mic. Focus on the three things you can deliver. Then deliver them whether you win or not. Outcomes matter, but reputations compound like interest. December. The holidays are not a content marathon. They're a ritual. Tree trimming where the oldest ornament is a pine cone sprayed with paint in 1964. Carols in a drafty chapel. The big night is the family meeting. There's no throne, no gavl, just a printed agenda and pastries. Each person from teenager to patriarch gives a five-minute what I stewarded this year update. January capital first, cash second becomes a lesson in patience. The teen gets an investment account, not a casino, a classroom. They pick a broad index fund, a bond fund, and one moonshot with guardrails. They learn to read statements, highlight fees, and calculate what a 1% difference means over 30 years. Sunday breakfasts sometimes include quick case studies. Why would a family sell a good building? What does unrealized mean? When should you walk away from a shiny deal? The teenager is encouraged to ask dumb questions because in this house, those are the smart ones. February craft beats clout is cold water at 5:15 a.m. Crew season. Nobody cares how many followers you kept. Everyone cares whether you showed up when it was sleeping. On Saturdays, an hour of scales on the piano. Not because it impresses anyone, but because clean scales make other music possible. The family belief is simple. Self-respect is earned first in private. March. Institutions are tools, not identity, arrives in a stiff envelope. The team gets into a famous summer program. Celebration is brief. We're happy for you. Now, let's talk about what you'll give, not what you'll get. They make a two column page. I will contribute. I hope to learn. If the teen starts sounding like a walking resume, a parent will smile and say, "Be careful." Inflated balloons pop loudest. April, a mistake. A friend posts a clip from a party that looks worse than it was. The comments turn mean faster than weather in spring. Here, old money crisis management is quiet, almost boring. No public statement. The teen calls two people who deserve apologies and offers them without disclaimers. They take the consequence at school. Devices go in a drawer for a month. The family lawyer is not called. The family cobbler is because the teen will be walking a lot. By the last day of the month, the story has burned itself out because nobody fed it. Exit the stage while applause is still loud also means exit when the booing starts. Silence can be strategy. May stewardship over stardom becomes a senior project. Not a documentary about wealth lessons, but a Saturday program teaching middle schoolers how to build a home herb garden with a $10 budget. The teen has to call the city for a permit, negotiate with a hardware store for a discount, and show up every week, even when test prep screams for attention. One Saturday, the hardware manager says, "Your kid is always early." At dinner, the family quietly celebrates that sentence more than any score. June exams end. Instead of a surprise to Mikonos reveal, the team gets a spreadsheet, three summer options, paid internship at a local museum archive, sailing camp that ends with a coastal cleanup, a two-week language immersion homeay with grandparents in a smaller country town. The teen chooses archives, cleans mildew off 19th century letters with a Q-tip, comes home with ink on their fingers, and a story about a curator who knew everything about paper. Curiosity multiplies when you give it chores. July, the countryside. Mornings are chores, fence mending, feed inventory, basic tractor maintenance with supervision. Afternoons are a book and a nap in the hottest hour, then tennis, then a swim. Evenings are long dinners where the rule no devices at table is policed by a small cedar box. It looks ceremonial because it is. Guests are a mix. Artists, teachers, an old friend who runs a bakery, and a cousin who decided to become a paramedic. The family treats them all the same. Children learn by watching who gets the best seat, elders, and who gets the most attention, the shy person brought into the circle. August. The teen turns down a flashy trip to stay and help a neighbor repair storm damage. Nobody outside the valley knows. That's the point. Later, there's a quiet right of passage. The first proper suit or dress tailored paid for half by the teen, half by the parent, not a trophy, a tool. Understatement becomes a habit. Choosing the good wool over the loud label, the thank you over the announcement, the repair over the replace. Manners before milestones become muscle memory. Greeting names remembered, doors held. Please and thank you used like oil in a well-kept machine. What old money actually teaches about money. There's an allowance, but it's structured. The formula might be blunt. A third to save, a third to give, a third to spend. Before the teen can buy something big, they must answer three questions at the kitchen counter. Will it last? Can you maintain it? What's the opportunity cost? If the purchase fails, the second question, maintenance, it usually dies there. Gifts are rarely cash for cash's sake. Instead, grandparents fund a Roth IRA from the teen's summer earnings dollar for dollar. Or they seed a small, boring index fund and show the teen how to reinvest dividends. Why these rules endure? Because old money is less about money and more about memory. Memory of what your great grandmother did when faced with a hard season. Memory of who was kind to the family when they were less shiny than they are now. memory of why the family started giving in the first place. Memory ties the present to a longer timeline. And that's the source of that mysterious calm. Outsiders mistake for smuggness. That's how old money raises kids you rarely notice because they're busy learning. How not to need you to.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mariarussell5026 [2 likes]: I was brought up in New York by an Italian mother who taught us to acknowledge gifts from friends and relatives by either sending a thank you card or a phone call. We all had chores around the house. We took our shoes to be repaired, bought good quality clothes that were classics and never went out of fashion. My mother was an excellent cook and baker so we brought us with quality food and learned how to properly set a table. My mother took us to all the major art museums in NYC, the theatre and Lincoln Centre for concerts. We all loved reading and developed an appreciation for classical music. Of course, we kids loved rock ‘n rolls, bought trendy fashions and had rebellious natures. But as we aged we and socialised we fell back on the lessons we learned growing up. I have raised my daughter as I was raised. She has excellent manners, enjoys reading, loves museums and the theatre. She also likes Tic Tok and other social media platforms but I have no doubt hat as she ages and when she raises a family she’ll teach her children as she was taught.
  2. @natalieeuley1734 [1 likes]: My dad is the child of two immigrants. My mom is the child in a long line of professionals who have lived in the USA since the founding. I saw the difference in how they approached things, and I see these old money values in my mom a lot. We grew up going to boring classical music concerts. Mom treated cooking like a true art and taught us table manners extensively. However, I would argue that a lot of these things that are said to be old money applied to my dad even more. The way my dad valued relationships and service over anything else came from his immigrant background. His parents had nothing to rely on but the relationships they made. They couldn't use money to climb, only reputation. And my dad instilled that same value in us far more than our mom did. My parents both pushed respect and academics to a pretty extreme degree, for different reasons, but I am fine with that.
  3. @Empoweredwoman1234: This is so interesting.  i'm from Australia.  My family didn't have much, but we all went to top private schools.  My sister and I began attending in high school.  My half brother and sister started in primary schoo.  What I found was that all the kids who were born into rich families except for a few, bullied my very little half sister from preschool all the way through to the end of high school, with only a small improvement during the teen years.  The kids who started from year 7 or 8, came from hard working families who worked hard to pay the fees, were nice to her and treated her as an equal.  This gave me the conclusion that kids born into money are obnoxious, spoilt, and treat less wealthy kids like lower class citizens.

I'm aware that the royals raise their kids on manners and social skills, but they still view 'commoners' and the poor as second class.  They just pretend to relate to them so they can do their public engagements and help the conservative press write puff pieces on them and manufacture false positive reputations of perfection without human flaws.

I think good manners and less screen time are essential for all children, but snobbers, only socialising with others with the same wealth, and pushing kids to grow up to fast is not good for their emotional and mental health, and kids don't get a chance to play and run around like they are supposed to.
  4. @RowdyPumper: Isn’t this social media? Ortiz rules I’m saying?
  5. @lexbaldwin5613: What happened to the end of the video after 19:15?
  6. @shemingway1: It defeats the point of understatement and most of the points here to see someone with tattoos and piercings.  Everyone knows that those people are self-obsessed and tacky.
  7. @countrygamer6096: I don't mean to be rude, but what is the basis for the claim that old money exhibit and instill these traits into their children?
  8. @kennethmarburger9747: Lower classes should adopt these habits. We need it now more than ever.
  9. @loloppololp9304: Who made this. I guarantee you no one from OM is teaching their kids about investing. Thats giving more Grant Cardone vibes.
  10. @Mind_locksmith: I’m looking up videos because this Christmas we were alarmed at how unappreciative our kids were about presents. So we took all the gifts and put them in the garage and they shrugged. Now we are realizing we are falling into the first generation builds wealth and has discipline/second generation wealth throws it all a way trope. Good video and insights. I already see where we are going wrong with always getting them new things.
  11. @TheStatusBlueprint: Understatement is armor" is such a powerful rule for raising kids! Focusing on manners, stewardship, and competence over clout builds true generational strength. Excellent insights! 👏🤫👨‍👩‍👧‍👦
  12. @dbush77507: I love this and aspire to place my children or at least grandchildren in this position. 🙏🏾 The described lifestyle resonates with me deeply.
  13. @williamharris6217: "7 Rules You’ll Never See on Social Media", and yet here we are on YT, which is social media.
  14. @Bao-kw5ec: I watched three times. Amazing video
  15. @GabrielleRush-c9d: I honestly believe it’s a wonderful way to raise children.  It’s every thing my ♥️ craved for spiritually it’s ended up being everything….  I miss out on while being a child. Family history in most black American lives we have no idea about our family history. Other than we were all once owned as slaves.
  16. @socraticdialogue29.: In many Eastern cultures manners and etiquette are passed down from generation to generation. I grew up learning to say please, thank you and Mr and Ms...
  17. @lusigijustus7274: Access is the trick. Give humans access to relevant education and information, quality Healthcare and decent housing and you get all the above.
Segregate them by those terms you are using sich as elite education, class division and all the old and new money nonsense and you get a divided country such as the uk
  18. @santangtime4430: What will the parents' of old money children do if there is another bad kid that forcefully bully their kids by destroying their toys that have been arranged by the oldmoney kids?
  19. @traviswadezinn: Good job -thank you
  20. @Incredulous-Me: I knew a guy from an old money background who wiped his bogies all over peoples desks. I guess he didn’t get the memo that money is synonymous with class 😂

- Elite Nannies For The Rich and Famous | Real Stories Full-Length Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en-GB You're going to get told off now. Can I go to Harrods? He drives us anywhere. He tells them to go. If I cut my finger, she usually says, Is it OK? And then she makes it better. With just one in ten months staying at home to raise their kids. More of us than ever hire professionals to help with our families. If for something that you want done, you can get somebody else to do it. I've never changed an app in my life. But who does? Two bags. They're our nanny. Now there's a new generation of childcare experts. They call me the potty lady. Is that trendy. When we've got female operatives looking after the children? He refers them as ninja nannies. To. But if you want the best, be prepared to pay for it. I would expect to be charging two and a half thousand pounds. Family will be spending a million per child. If money's no object, you expect your staff to be perfect. A client can be very demanding. The nanny and the maid as to be so ugly. Actually, they're all demanding. We all have an opinion on it. Absolutely. We need to raise our children. I'm not sure. That I would want to give so much of that precious. Thing to somebody else. I don't argue with this. Sorry. This is how the posh parent. I'm not ashamed to say I'm two plus parent. No. And East London shows that a bodyguard, Mo is about to start his day. I'm at the door about 65 to be at work. 8:00, 815 the latest. I'm working class. I work for upper class. Driver Mo Works. The 34 year old fashion designer Nina, now still who lives in a £7 million townhouse in London's Chelsea. If you had a mom and a dad, they can't do everything for you. Didn't have to stop Mommy's life heavy. So difficult. I don't think it's a big taboo about using staff today. With three children. Nina spends £200,000 a year on parental outsourcing. Work can have three nannies for one child, so two tutors a day just to make sure that they're up to date with their homework. Chefs and butlers Three, four drivers. One of my things in my job is to look out for Nina's kids. I'm their take home school. If they're going to go anywhere at Sort Square hours, of course I'll take them. You don't know who's out there watching. You know, you use stories without today. You know, if it's something that you want done you can get somebody else to do it. I wonder if you could help me. I'm calling on behalf of Nina Nestel. Your name is Bang. I pass my sister's name is Fay, and she arranges play dates. If anybody's coming to our house, there's birthdays. Noah has a piano on Wednesday, Science Club on a Thursday. Like a therapy on a Friday. Karate on. Friday. And Arabic with the girls on Saturday. She's definitely part of the morning routine every day. Is it possible to make an appointment for a full body groom, please? We have seven Chihuahuas, Simba, Princess Sharky, Diamond, Snow White, Goldie, and Cinderella. For most parents, getting ready for the school run is the most stressful part of the day. Nina has help. Mow as a driver, and he takes us to school and all the places where we got to go. How is my day? Goldie and Cinderella have come along for the ride. What blah. Blah, blah. We're going to go to school now. Yes, go now. South Australian little. Yes, school now. Is East London, and the East London people speak not very similar to English. English people speak more. Posh to. Be the. Dogs. It's the hill of the late the dog. Now we know last time I'm not going far. Having that help gives me time to be me. And it gives me time to do the things that I want to do. Bring you. Bring your hand more into that side. Go if you choose to have hired help in the home. There are agencies that claim they'll find you the perfect candidate at a price. Good afternoon, Butler. David speaking how can I help? Nanny Butler is an international agency that specializes in placing staff in the homes of the rich from super nannies with PhDs to bodyguards. This is some of our clients, obviously like skiers, like swimmers, like they talk me through about, you know, some of the things that you'd really like to be able to do. But Paola, Diana has an appointment with a client in need of help. Did you redefine the maternity nurse? Absolutely. And actually, now I need your help to find the best nannies. Well, A client can be very demanding. I'm moving back to New York at the end of this month. Usually I spend 70% of my time in the States between New York Dallas, Miami, Palm Beach, San Francisco, Los Angeles. Actually, they're all demanding because they have to be creative. And with a good background. And just love your daughter. I would say many mothers, they prefer not to. Beautiful nannies will say the nanny and the maid as to be so ugly that my love doesn't even have to get distracted once, you know. Quite fat palace job is to try and find Francesca. Perfect nanny. Never use too much makeup, but never wear glamorous things not to. Even if you're going on a yacht, you don't highlight, you know, your beauty because you you were risk to lose a job. When I'm not getting in. And I actually am usually in running gear like leggings. Leggings. Never. Please. They're too sexy. Oh, forbidden. Really? Yeah. Leggings. Yes. Sports leggings. No, no. I think Francesca would prefer someone maybe in her forties or fifties. Maybe she wants to be the princess in the house. What's. What's wrong with that for this position they're offering? Do we talk about salaries? Yeah. Yeah. Thousand 500 per week. A top nanny tennis pact. An exciting and beautiful lifestyle. They would pay for you to use the spa or the gym, or you'd be free to use all the facilities and the hotels they fly with, the private jets, they ski with the family, and they meet celebrities they meet head of states, they meet royals, so they can really live a good life. Sandbanks indoors. It is one of Britain's most expensive places to live. Amanda Jenna bought her house with a profit from her new business. Family use me for potty training. Their children are more. The wealthy families we meet doesn't go in the trials. This does it. Where does the way we go. So in the potty go. Boy, people's reactions. I just think it's a crazy thing to have a potty training expert and they call me the potty lady, which I actually quite like. I think it's quite good that I'm the only potty lady in the UK. They're really good looking to do a wee. That's Holly's potty. It would take most children three days. I normally charge about £2,000 for that. She has an appointment at one of Sandbank, most exclusive salons in Ukraine. Well, Amanda is getting ready for tonight's launch of her potty training academy. Potty training academy. I know babies come and learn how it is that I go out and parents use my services to go out potty train. I you do OK? Yeah, they call me the potty, so. Yes. Can you make me look like egg? I OK, like going to sleep. So I'm intrigued. Why would somebody hire you. To. Potty train their child? Yeah. I get it because they can and they've got the money to do it. They call in me or they call in a sleep. Nanny, chef, a nutritionist, OGA teaches us that if you were super rich, would you and you had a child now, would you pay for services? I think it's the most precious thing in my life, and I'm not sure that I would want to give so much of that precious thing to somebody else. So, no, I think. They're missing. Out on an awful lot of special. With a waiting list of up to a year. Amanda is expanding her potty training empire. Would you use my services? I want all you potty trained. But I've got four children, and it's never changed my life. Never I just got an extra I got an extra nanny. When I go off to do again, I'll be. Each to the right. I don't judge anybody. You know, somebody's out. Somebody might need four nannies because they call pay, you know, just because they're living in sand bags and they're affluent doesn't mean that. They're not fighting the same stresses that there's no real outside Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining me on the launch of my potty training academy has a big problem worldwide with potty training and especially in the UK. But no more because my potty training academy is here. In her Chelsea home, Nina is hard at work. The former mogul runs a luxury fashion label and the showcase collections in London, Monaco, Vietnam and Bulgaria. Not sure I choose it for a cover just because it doesn't suit the audience. Oh yeah. Know, I would say it's a lifestyle brand. I just oh, that's the thing that's. I think that's most likely to be picked because. It's everything from because you're ready to wear saturates front leather bridal and then you end up in the kids swimwear. For me, obviously that's reflecting back to me being a mom. Also using them as my main models in my my father's shoes. These ones are catalogs from my perspective and which obviously my children will do for me every season, I think in the way of their manners and behavior and their looks that they got from me. Of course, I I think you could say that catalog gets away. With a holiday to Monaco booked, Nina needs to sort of couture wardrobe. The children are having a fitting with their personal cobbler come on. We're going to try some special shoes. Handmade children's shoes cost £175. You know, try this one. It's nice enough maybe for Monaco. Make something colorful. Now we can be as crazy as we want to be. For most parents, kids, clothes shopping is a chore. But Nina employs a children's personal shopper. So is Noah, who is Layer. Who's the eldest? Is that you? The gorgeous my ruby coat. And you must be lovely, Alexa. These are people that are short on time but have a lot of money to spend. I think their sport with lots of love and attention, these children. But they're they're amazing. Reality is a wonderful, cocooned world of opulence. It's about being spoiled with really gorgeous things. So what should we have on the meet? I pink dress. Are you want a pink dress on the knee? I want the children to have. A five time pick out some really beautiful pieces. Is that your style? Is that trendy? Let's I like to have. Probably the most extravagant thing I feel for a child is a £5,000 for a coat which they were delighted with a lovely mink coat. At home. There's one duty Nina doesn't delegate choosing the Chihuahuas couture for their afternoon walk faces. The dogs wardrobe. I have a mixture of goodbye to Cavalli. You had a point of. Simon is wearing one of the Gucci faux jackets there's going to be a bit smaller. No, it's not dressing up. It's a big part of the household. The kids. Yeah. They love to go out go to the park. OK, let's go. This is Cinderella and Simba. They're a little bit naughty. So just two bags there. And our nanny. I think it's easier if you have someone to do it. Right, Leah? Yep, yep. Golly. Did Whoopi even with the team to help out? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Things can get out of control. British families now spend more on child care than an average mortgage. Lucy Challenger runs Polo and Tweed, a luxury domestic staff agency that charges thousands to find the perfect candidate. I don't breed. We get clients that come to us from around the world, and they're looking for all types of staff from childcare, maternity, nurses, nannies, through to butlers, housekeepers, chauffeurs, chefs. And the caliber of staff that we have in our books is of the highest. Heidi is flying in today from Austria. She is coming over for her work, but also to meet with me and my firm to interview prospective nannies She's very spiritual. She leads a very sort of yogic Zen life, but she also wants things done the correct way. So a bit more difficult than most families because we have very specific dietary requirements. I'm vegan. My husband and my children are vegetarian. And we have a vegetarian house. So there's no meat, no fish, kind of even allowed through the door. We're quite fanatical in that way. A bit like a religion, I guess. You basically say to the nanny, there's no sweets, no chocolate, no cakes. My worst nightmare would be a nanny that comes in and wants to cook, kind of ready made nuggets and chips fast food or takes them to McDonald's. I would be devastated. A lot of our clients want their homes run like five star boutique hotels. So the staff have to make it perfect. Hi. Hello. How are you? Very good. Nice to see you. Lucy has been given 24 hours notice to find a nanny that can cook vegan food ski and has a spiritual outlook. She's had a few. Temporary positions. In the last year or so. I think it's just whether it's a personality match. Hi, Pamela. Hi. Come in and say nice. Lovely to see you. I don't want someone that does housework and doesn't look after the kids. I really want someone that's there for the children. That's what's important to me. Childcare. I don't mind. The only problem about me is I as you see on my CV, I do not have any childcare experience Hello. Hi, Maria. Hi. Hello. How are you? How are you? And you're seeing me? Yes. I can see you've got a lot of experience. Oh. Housekeeper. Then I look away and it's good if it's a good one. OK, you're kidding me. I've never interviewed someone who has brought a bottle of wine to the interview, but that's the first for me. Hi. Lovely to see you coming through. This is Heidi. Hi, there. Hi. How are you? I'm Come and take a seat, Murray. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I lived in California for two years. I was up there, and now I live and work here in London. It mentions here that you love to cook. Yeah, I like to cook everything. Would you have an issue cooking vegetarian food? Not at all. If you showed me the recipe, we'd have no problem with that. Do you ski or. Yeah, I do ski. I love skiing. Do you have any questions for Heidi? Yes. I would love to hear more about a. Girls. Obviously, two girls, very different personalities. They go out those a lot. They have a lot of energy. Of course. I think all children that age do. Either me or one of the girls from. Sweden will get in touch with you or give you feedback. And then we'll let you know what the next step is for them. Honestly, I and seems to be a pleasure to meet you. And you. Parenting services for the posh is booming. Amanda Jenner is visiting a prospective client in need of her unique skill set. Going to meet around and her nanny. She's got five children and she's about to start thinking about potty training her fifth child. So this is really an initial conversation with her and hopefully she'll use my services Stunning house, absolutely stunning. Hello. Hi. Hi. Please come in. Oh, wow. You took it on. Oh, thank you. Beautiful. Millionaires, Erin. Highest off to help her raise her five children. And have two butlers. I have somebody who turned down all my bags. We have a driver. We have a cheetah. We have a nanny. It's always good to. Have a staff when you're super busy. Like me. What a beautiful, beautiful room. Like it? Oh, I love. I have the best school I have the best help speak the best way as much as possible. Why would you be ashamed to be posh? I mean, if I can buy it like I'm doing why not? That's actually one of the queen's favorite. I have them in white. Listen, I'm just living a dream. It's easy to be the queen, actually. We are building an empire we're building a life, you know? So in a way, I've realized the more help we get, my husband is free to do other things. I can't look after my house on my own. 47 Petram. I mean, who does it? This is really. I kind of need. Like, the best friends and everything. She's the second nanny. He's been with us for eight years. She's seen me, you know, giving birth to four of my children when I give. But I say congratulations. Congratulations to us. You know, I can travel, I can go to places. I know they're well looked after. And she's been with them from day one. My children they were born with money around. So there's this tension to mummy. She's like an assistant and all of that. I'm not ashamed to say I'm too perspiring now. I think as a parent, people need as many as much help as they can. How long do you think you expect? It depends on the child, how old they are with this response. If they're walking and communicating. So who will potty train? Well, mostly I have to put my hands up. Connie's the nappy changer. Throw this is. How do you feel about getting someone like myself? And trust me, I'm a better wife. I'm there for my husband. I can go and party cocktail parties everywhere in London. I can do it because I've got the help at home. I'm not stuck at home. I'm now. I don't have to do a school run. Somebody else can do it for me. Why not So she's nearly ready to let go. Oh, she's so beautiful. And I go Chase. And I go to school and Monday is here to help with your potty training. That you don't know yet, but we're talking about it already. Monday, OK, but it's one of these skills you probably carry for a lifetime. So whatever comprises their lives. International businesswoman Heidi has flown successful nanny candidate Marie to the Austrian out for a 48 hour trial. And excited to meet Heidi and her family. I'm excited about the girls. I hope they like me. And I think to work out. How are you giggling. How was your flight? It was good to see you. Good to see you. I could not work without having a nanny. I do travel quite a lot. I'll give you the week. I'm traveling to London or Barcelona or Amsterdam. So I need that childcare support and I need to be able to know I can leave my kids with someone I trust. And let's go. Nanny Marie is meeting Heidi's children, Emilia and Tilly, for the first time. Hi, girls. Hi. Nice to meet you. Can I get her? Hi, hi. Hi. I'm a sister. Can I get. What's your favorite cake? Oh, how big it is. I'm quite a strict vegetarian, so I need someone that can respect that. The first test for Marie is to take the children to the slopes. Emily's super nice, and the kids are very great. This is like living in a dream. So these bonded with her immediately. So, so sweet. Actually, she just took her hand and went with us. This is why you have a nanny. This is a weekend, so it's nice you can spend a bit of time with Marie. She's getting to know the kids. Get the other. Kids. Anything. I'm coming. We said, can you take care of the kids for five, 10 minutes and get them an apple juice. And you check. If they have apertures, they might not have anything. And she bought them a Fanta. They went mental for 2 hours. They've never had a fizzy drinks. I think Heidi was a bit upset. I'm like, they had a fun time. I hope it's around. She's like, Of course not. We never give them fog. That helps In Kent, southeast England, Erin has employed nanny Connie for over eight years to help Connie's connection to the kids It's just that my sister all day. She treats them like her own children. And that's the beauty of it. We didn't have to do a fake. It is just a fact. I think she loves the family. If she's not with us for the money. I know. I love them. When I go to my two days off, I miss them so much. Because they're like my kids do. Connie, my nanny is really, really nice. She usually gives us hugs. Yeah, I usually miss her when she goes out for the day. I would call her a second mum. Yes. They work for you? Yes. You pay them? Yes. The money's in between you, but obviously you have to look after their own family. You know, Connie's a mom of two, so they do have, you know, a life that they sacrifice and they look after my kids I leave my eldest daughter, six years old and a five year old, and then my youngest one is three because I leave them to my parents. They look after my kids because I went to work outside the country. Sometimes I feel because I my, my, my, my, my own kids back home. But I think they do understand why I leave them. And how often do you see them? Sometimes every two years. Mary Jane, and June? Yeah, she's 24 and 22. I must work and earn money to support them. So you must be strong to leave my back, my family. It's different when you leave your kids like one year. And then when you come back, they are three years old. And it's sad because the, the, the child can read, can recognize you. That's your mum, you know, they can even oh, it's your mum came, but they're just embarrassed and ashamed to come to you. You can't even hug. People think it's easy to lay the leave to leave your own family. It's very difficult. But for now, it's long time. 20 years. Most Filipino womans, we do that. We, you know, think about the future. I get my dream comes true because my, my, my two child is already finished. The university. I have a friend as well to just give birth two weeks. And then she went to work because she's a single mom and she live her baby to her mom. Even she arrived. I'm still in her, you know, rest so and then she cry when in the window, in the bay window, when the milk come out, she just cry because she remember a baby behind. She just left them. In the Alps. Nanny Marie is on her second day of her trial for her dream job. They are not just vegetarians. They are vegans, which is not so easy. This is going to be interesting. I don't even know if I'm going to try to take it to like it or not. The family strict diet is still playing on Marie's mind. I was asking the girls if they want approaches and they said no. If you want a front, I'm like, OK, good. Can we have something to eat? Yeah, I have a friend for all the time, like, fine. But they don't. Take it off and. Like, it's it's pretty double the size of a portion that they normally have. If there was a middle portion. Yeah, that's huge. Yeah, I know that. Put salad and stuff at the side OK. You should give them some fresh peppers and carrots and tomatoes, that sort of thing. So yeah. We don't give them cakes and chocolate sweets generally. And no fizzy drinks. My bad. Didn't even know the word Fanta. It's not something we haven't heard. Having a full time staff to help run your home may make life easier, but can put your security at risk. Nanny and Butler is a successful family staffing agency that also offers protection advice. Talk to me a little bit about, I mean, safety for the child and do you have any security measures in place that we kind of want to look after and buffer? We have many different kind of clients ranging from royals. Captain of industry, celebrities, professionals. They don't want their nannies to say anything. It is really a very secret word. No one wants to let other people know how wealthy they are. Many times are celebrities, public figures. So we have to be careful. Wealthy Russian Victoria has come to see Paola regarding an issue with her family staff. I need some help from time to time with children. And also when I'm traveling and I hire some people, I know myself, but I think I had the wrong person. It happens and she was on Facebook and she was by moment in my Chanel clothes, Chanel glasses, Chanel and she was showing off and all her friends were giving her, you know, a hand like, wow, wow. Let's go out clubbing in this glass. And then that I was going through my stuff through my life. But you hire her as the nanny, as skipper, which was her. Role at all was help. And after three months everything suddenly disappeared. My jewelry, my money book, my cards, my documents, children documents. And they kept all documents in my bedroom. In my underwears with various other documents. And she knew she took it all, you know, and then the blackmailing horrible person because she asked for 50,000 and 40,030 thousand. But you find her through word of mouth, right? Not through an agency. Many people, they think I work with stuff in houses, is it. It's not easy at all. It's not easy at all. And it's so risky. My God, you can really lose your money. You can lose your children. And it's so dangerous. So you better pay serious recruitment agents here. Who does this job every day? Oh, this was madness. I was so shocked. In Chelsea, family driver Mo is also dealing with a protection issue. I'll show you first Oh, no, no, no. This one in front. This one on your chin now? Don't touch it. Just like nature. Yes. You know, teaches us boxing, but not to kill people. To like how to fight people. From punch straight. No, no, not at least when we are all that, we're not that great. Yeah, but in the I went to a boxing club in East London. I started when I was five. Then with that is the kung fu at the time, so I got confused. Well, this side to keep, to fight. Well, that's what we have with football, probably whatever. But I. I enjoyed the boxing. So disciplined for kids. It's my job. Well, judo is a touchy man. Don't just happen somewhere else. I think that what's that out of the harder. So she's not. She doesn't want to hit me. Look. So agency nanny and butler offer a wide variety of family protection options for their clientele. I had recently a position where there was a chauffeur slash security stay with a mother. Felt that she really needed someone to sort will protect her in the family as well. She was particularly looking for someone with the ex-military background. There is a risk. Maybe they can have the fear to have kids kidnaped. And I understand that. My ex husband, they are not in good terms. Yeah. We haven't talked for ten years. He was head of organized crime and from my experience, I am very scared to hire anyone at all now because when you leave person behind and and you trust your house keys. Having now the big picture, I would suggest you to talk to our security guy. Mason Haynes is a high risk security operative who specializes in protections for families. When you have nine zeros in your bank account the potential for abduction of your children is always going to be higher than that. If you have no zeros or a minus next to the number in your bank account, you can easily drop a couple of hundred grand a year on a good security team that's basically dedicated to taking care of your children. looking after the children, of the great and the good, then we refer to them as ninja nannies. Just basically means that they've got qualifications over and above what a normal nanny would have relate to security. Fearful of a family safety, Victoria has come to Vauxhall to meet two prospective ninja nannies. Two things that you have to bear in mind first of all, is the weapon itself. The second thing is obviously the threat you've got to commit fully. You've got to throw all of your weight behind every shot and it's got to land accurately on its head. OK, when you're ready, don't just concentrate on the obvious threat. Look, everywhere OK? You don't mean you're at school. Don't scare the other mums get the car. OK, stop. Hold your punches. Good just taking the guys through a scenario at the moment based on a child leaving school. And the and the bodyguard who actually walk in towards a vehicle that's bumped up down here. And the threat is that there's a potential abduction. So you want all your body weight to come through that hip, through that shoulder. And go into the target. What we want to do is we want to concussed the guy as opposed to kind of, you know, rough him up a bit obviously we want to be nice and low key in school. We don't want the child to have like, you know, be bullied because they've got a bodyguard with them. So we keep it as low profile as possible. So when they come out, some small talk, some conversation like any other mom or nanny picking up the child. However, while she's doing that, she's also very aware of her surroundings. You look like ballerina so what's your criteria when you select. Catherine's ex police? She did some security roles and she now works more of like a a pay. So she's with a family and she provides sort of not just security advice, but also help for the bookings. Everything else. For me, I like the jobs where there's children involved. I do feel a bit a sort of a maternal thing that kicks in. And it's really important to have a good bond with the mother and the child so that you feel like you've got 100% trust in me when I'm out with your child. So how would the girls look like in action and how they look in life now? I question second time we've all those nannies in my neighborhood. I really nannies. It makes me much more comfortable. Back in Chelsea, Nina has invited her personal portrait painter into the family home. A crazy creative person does that is. Yeah, he's a very talented painter and artist. He did a portrait of me and I absolutely loved it today. We're doing a portrait of me and the children. Is this an average household? I don't think you can call this an average household. One day she's in Bulgaria. The next day she's having dinner at Sexy Face. The next day they're all going off to South Korea for a fashion show. So getting any kind of time together to organize a painting is it's very time. Before artist met and starts the family portrait, there is an unveiling of his last masterpiece. When he unveiled it for the first time in front of a 60 of my closest friends, everybody in the room were just stunned. It's beautiful. But you know what? It says that my studio is a lesser place because that's that's not hanging there anymore. It's a catch. The boss. Yeah. Says it all done it often saw my face. And I remember when when I unveiled it, there was a bit of a deafening silence. In the room for about well, to me, seems an hour. I was just stunned. I didn't know what to say. You kind of reminded me of the Grace Kelly's of that era and the romanticism of of what it is to be a woman and mother. Please, can you close the. Door down there to me? Have these when you walked into your room wearing that dress? I'm so blessed to be next to you. I remember when you posed any sort of throw your hair back, and I had this a moment. Stop. Stop. Still. What are you doing? That was perfect. Well, growing up, he used to call me Christmas Tree. Because I always just of a dress that's always been a part of my my personality. I think this captures me in an amazing way for the next one, because we're doing it with my kids. It would be nice to see the emotions between me and the children. There we go. There we go. Look at me. What are you doing now? OK, you look at me. Mean his children are helping out with the family fashion brand by modeling the latest season. One, two, three. Smile. That guy just to be in between each other. Who's going to open up? I'm not playing outside when they do their travel go. I look this way look. It's one thing. OK, do we need permission? OK, thanks. Are you going to tidy up? Because of the thing doing that? Show me the. Number on the door so I would. Apologize. OK, you can see if you don't ask behind it. OK, I didn't notice. You didn't realize you made no time to investigate. Is this a business? This isn't that I don't argue with just so I'm going to get clear often that be good want. To clean it up and. Anything else? I'll do it. But I'm not doing that. I suppose I should say there's a hierarchy in the house. We work for Nina, so? So it's her home. So Nina decides what we do. So she's in the house to do a horrible jobs that nobody wants to do, like cleaning or washing, picking up the dog thing. But you can see now. One in four UK children now use private tutors worth a staggering £6 billion a year. The industry has grown by a third in the last decade. Most of the feedback from candidates are struggling a little bit with the fact that you're in Highgate. Paula, Diana runs a luxury staffing agency that places super tutors with wealthy families. So, Alia, which are your ambitions? I want you to go to Cambridge or Oxford, and I would like him to be a scientist. So you will love him to become a Nobel Prize winner on top of my dreams. That's why we also have not only good nannies and governesses, but also good experts. Among some of the most well-respected super tutors is Mark McClain, who has helped some of the world's most affluent families. The term super tutor is given to someone who can do a little bit more. Very often you end up being sort of the overlap of a coach, a mentor and a teacher, and they can charge anywhere from 500 to £1,000 an hour. A few of the clients that I've had to parents are world leaders. They'd be a king of a country. It's probably not ridiculous to say that a family would be spending a million per child. In one, two, three, four, 530. Five. I've tutored children in some incredible places. Imagine taking them to the Pyramids of Giza. You're actually making it come alive. As a tutor. You become almost their own personal. David Attenborough. 100 and. I recently had a client where the child had 12 tutors, and he was eight years old. And each of them in their individual right was a fantastic individual. You know, one of them was editor of a major newspaper. Another one was a, you know, a well known to gardening expert and things. So that was the last number you said. Two to. Good. As you get more and more families moving to the UK who have almost unlimited funds, you know, a lot of them want the best. They want people with experience, they want people with good track records, you know, and they'll and they'll pay for it. Living in their £45 million family home in London's Kensington, Russian investment banker Igor lives with wife Natasha. And daughter Katia. Katia has been playing the violin since she was just five years old. The reason she plays violin. Is that we just established she's good at that. For an upcoming concert. Martha, Natasha has enlisted the help of internationally renowned violinist Dimitri. Sick of it, ski. This is very important for any piece of music your own, because Pulse is the it's like a pulse of. Like, am I allowed to ask the value or. What is it? Seven. That's a good talent. Yeah. Yeah. Let's say £7,000,000.01 would do just to get to give the very clear character one to pop. She trains with good teachers, mostly because we want them to learn to work hard. That's a Russian way of trying to make sure they don't turn up into lazy brats. Along with several super tutors, mentors and experts, the family has employed Nanny Emma for the past 13 years. Well, she's crucially important for us. Crucially, in terms of keeping them long enough. I thought about the carefully after couple of years to ensure that our relationship the long term. So I agreed to buy a house for the first house in her family and she was absolutely a happy person. It was the best investment I made in my life. Emma is the big influence for my seven year old daughter. I think my daughter I wouldn't talk about oil prices or investment banking. She probably will come to me to talk about that but there are things one I know that she would discuss with Emma. I was like a second mum to me because my mum was she will not as much now, but she's a child of late for work so she was like a second parent because she's very easy to talk to you. So when I'm at school, I just like bring her up. She's the first person I'd call about things. It's very. Clear I'm the mother and so responsibility starts with me and finish and kind of stops with me. She's my partner. What's more important than that in the book about 90%. After one month of waiting, it's time for Artist Met and to reveal the family portrait. What have we here what have we here done. How are you. How are. You. I'm very good. Very, very good. Very good. And very nervous. Well, I need you to come in and have a look at the painting and just sort out when you have staff for all time, then become like a part of the family. Most of the time I don't really see him as my boss. They've taught me in, like, their own from day one. You think that's what. You're doing. Stuff has been with me for so many years, and I spend every single day with them from I get up in the morning till I go to sleep. Are you ready? One, two, three, three. I know. And like, oh, my God, how nice now? Wow. Oh, my God. Hey, Steve. I would say my kids are my everything. What do you think, guys? Do you like yourself? Yeah. Kind of forms a home, which obviously is a center of the family. So for the children, I I would probably say the nannies. Probably the most important advice after me. If when you die, you can be. No, then you'll grow up. With to go. No. When the posh have the staff like nannies, all of it, it's because they have the money to do it. It makes life a lot easier for them, I suppose. Our nanny is very, very important because she took care of us when no one's in the house. Every woman deserves to to kind of also have a little bit time for herself. And it helps with having staff and having health stuff, and everybody should have it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @afergie76 [1 likes]: Some people shouldn’t have children. Having other people raise your kids is doing nothing good for their future family relationships. 
The amount of money those kids will probably have to pay for therapy is probably going to be their inheritance.
  2. @stephanigozalo847: Poor dogs, those chihuahuas look sooooooo miserable
  3. @mantelloestiletto: It would have been interesting to see more comments from the fathers.
  4. @hillsmoors30: Something something money doesn’t buy class/manners
  5. @iskanderstrel: So nice to be sure that millions of so called "british" people have to sacrifice their basic needs so that thos guys can have a good life. At least some form of reparations for years of colonial opression,
  6. @bex4651: Seemed obvious to me the women who bought the Fanta instead of apple juice didn’t want the job . It was a simple request.
  7. @tahliahere2362: I can’t even finish watching this. Kids so spoilt they know no boundaries, God help us when they grow up and expect everything to go their way, they have no resilience. Scary!
  8. @Lizs1231: Oh dear, I just caught myself laughing at the way they live. 😂 I guess it’s because I felt they make no mistakes. I’m laughing at being rich?!? 😂I’m comfortable and happy is all that matters ❤
  9. @Annsunshine30: Pushing one`s own eating disorders on the children. Is pretty shocking..............
  10. @Repent_and_believe_the_gospel: "Potty Academy" this is crazy..
  11. @juliannakaberovsky4545: These are hicks who've become rich, and poor servants accustomed to good manners are expected to serve them. Nothing in this video is chic; it's all poorly done, overdone, and a bad imitation! I know poor people who have style and an education worthy of aristocrats, and who behave better than these people!
  12. @beccawiley6684: These people disgust me. Such waste in a world where some have nothing.
  13. @HitM3N0w: someone should tell these parents that if they delegate parenting starting from infancy the baby will never form secure attachment. in the odd case that they will, they'd be securely atttached to the nanny not the mother. forming a secure attachment is vital for psychosomatic development and mental health in their adult years. they're basically paying all these money to the nanny agencies to effectively traumatize their children.
I should feel pity for them but I don't. most of them are monstrous individuals.
  14. @piagrafstrom5833: Totally absurd. Are all the "mothers" from East Europe??
  15. @eugm8306: If both parents work I understand why you would have some help , but if you don’t work as a mother or father why would you not care about your children? In sane
  16. @zaklinakovace6792: Russian guy bought the house for his nanny!!! God bless your big russian soul
  17. @greensun8008: Mad love to these folks, but that bloviated redness of a portrait is truly a horror.
  18. @ElizaHolinahz: 😮😢😅😊
  19. @coquette7794: The kids misses Connie….
  20. @louisrunningwater_SFTH: I sometimes hate that my family is short on money. We're definitely not poor, it's still enough for most things, but less than others around me. I was jealous of kids like these, not having to care if they could suggest the ice cream at the store, because they don't want mom to feel bad for not being able to buy it. But after watching this, I know that I'm definitely more wealthy than those kids...I'd rather live in a hut with my parents, than live like one of the kids in the documentary...I feel sorry for them...

- How Old Money Raises Kids to Avoid Entitlement: Kind: captions Language: en They have fortunes that span centuries, estates passed down through generations, and family names that carry undeniable weight. But here's the twist. The children of old money are not raised to flaunt privilege. They're raised to avoid entitlement. While new wealth often struggles with spoiled heirs and flashy lifestyles, old money families have a set of quiet, deliberate strategies designed to keep their children grounded, disciplined, and above all, humble. If you want to discover how the ultra wealthy raise children who remain grounded instead of spoiled, you're in the right place. Stay with us until the end of this video because the way old money parents shape their children's character might surprise you and it may even change how you think about wealth and privilege. And before we dive in, don't forget to subscribe to the channel and turn on notifications. This is the luxury lane, your window into the private world of the elite. At first glance, you'd expect old money children to be entitled. After all, they are born into mansions, attend the best schools, and never have to worry about money. But here's the paradox. Old money families are acutely aware of the dangers of entitlement. Generational wealth doesn't survive arrogance, recklessness, or indulgence. So for centuries they've developed traditions, rules, and subtle methods to raise children who appreciate privilege without becoming consumed by it. Unlike new money households where wealth often appears suddenly and without a blueprint, old money is wealth that has endured, and endurance requires careful cultural engineering. Every child is groomed to preserve, not just spend. Lesson one, work before privilege. One of the most important ways old money avoids entitlement is by teaching children the value of work long before they inherit privilege. You'll often find that heirs to banking dynasties or aristocratic families had summer jobs, internships, or even chores growing up. These jobs weren't about financial necessity. They were symbolic. A teenager from an old family might spend summers working at a family business in a modest role, perhaps even under a manager who doesn't treat them like royalty. Others might be required to volunteer or spend time in service positions where they experience life outside of privilege. This grounding is intentional. By learning discipline, hierarchy, and the concept of earning, these children internalize that wealth isn't a free pass. It's a responsibility. Lesson two, understated luxury. While new money often raises kids in an environment of designer logos, flashy cars, and constant displays of wealth, old money families intentionally cultivate understatement. Children are taught not to flaunt possessions, but to appreciate quality and heritage. Instead of the latest sneakers or sports car at 16, they might inherit a grandfather's watch or a family heirloom. The message is clear. Luxury isn't about showing off. It's about tradition, craft, and longevity. This understated approach keeps entitlement in check. By stripping wealth of its flash value, old money parents prevent their children from attaching their identities to status symbols. Lesson three, education as obligation. For old money families, education is non-negotiable. And it's not simply about grades or degrees. It's about cultivating a lifelong respect for learning. Children are often placed in rigorous schools, taught multiple languages, and expected to excel in arts, history, literature, and diplomacy. But education is more than a personal achievement. It's framed as an obligation to one's family name. Old money children grow up knowing that ignorance brings dishonor and knowledge preserves prestige. Entitlement thrives on laziness and self-importance. Education when framed as a duty creates humility. There will always be more to learn, more to master. Lesson four, service before self. Another cornerstone of old money parenting is philanthropy and service. From a young age, children are exposed to charitable work, not as a photo opportunity, but as a family tradition. They might spend weekends volunteering, attending fundraisers, or learning how to manage charitable foundations. This isn't accidental. Old money parents understand that entitlement grows when children believe wealth exists only for their benefit. By tying privilege to responsibility, especially responsibility for others, they ensure humility becomes second nature. Philanthropy is often framed as legacy. Our family has given back for generations and now you must continue the tradition. It's not about ego, it's about duty. Lesson five, the silence of money. Perhaps the most subtle but powerful method is this. In many old money families, money simply isn't talked about openly in front of children. Allowances, budgets, and financial privileges are given, but they're rarely tied to large numbers. A child may know they live in comfort but not be aware of the full scale of the fortune until adulthood. By avoiding constant talk of wealth, old money prevents entitlement from taking root in the first place. Children grow up in an environment where money is background, not the centerpiece. This silence shapes perspective. Privilege is treated as normal but not as a personal accomplishment. The message is clear. You didn't earn this, so don't act as if you did. Lesson six, scarcity within abundance. One of the most fascinating old money techniques is what can be called engineered scarcity. Even in households where resources are limitless, children are not given unlimited access. A teenager in a wealthy family might receive a modest monthly allowance far below what the family could actually provide. If they want more, they're expected to work, save, or make sacrifices. This is no accident. It's a psychological tool. By introducing scarcity, parents create appreciation. Children who never hear the word no grow entitled. Children who learn to wait, prioritize, and budget. Even within abundance grow disciplined. Scarcity trains them to value what they have rather than assume more will always appear. Lesson seven, etiquette as armor. In old money circles, etiquette is not an accessory. It's armor. From an early age, children are taught manners, social graces, and the subtle codes of behavior that govern elite circles. Why? Because entitlement often reveals itself through arrogance, disrespecting staff, being dismissive, or flaunting superiority. To prevent this, old money emphasizes humility wrapped in etiquette. Children learn to treat waiters, drivers, and housekeepers with respect. They are corrected if they interrupt conversations or act boastful. This goes beyond politeness. Its survival. The family reputation depends on it. A spoiled heir can destroy social capital in a single dinner party. So etiquette becomes a shield not just for the child, but for the family legacy. Lesson eight, identity beyond wealth. Entitlement often takes root when wealth becomes a child's only identity. Old money counters this by ensuring children develop independent passions and talents. They are encouraged to excel in music, art, sports, academics or public service, not because they need to, but because it grounds them in personal achievement. A child who plays the violin at Carnegie Hall or rose competitively at university has a sense of identity beyond their last name. Their self-worth doesn't rest solely on inherited money. It rests on discipline, practice, and skill. This prevents the dangerous mindset of I am valuable only because I am rich. Instead, the message becomes I am valuable because I can contribute, excel, and create. Lesson nine, exposure without excess. Old money doesn't lock children away from luxury. In fact, heirs are often exposed to art, culture, and refinement from a young age. They attend the opera, visit museums, travel abroad, and learn about fine dining. But here's the key. Exposure is not the same as indulgence. A child might learn to appreciate a five-star meal, but they're not given free reign to treat it as an everyday expectation. Travel might be framed as cultural education, not vacation indulgence. This balance allows them to experience refinement without becoming jaded or spoiled. In other words, they are taught to enjoy privilege, but never assume it is their birthright. Lesson 10, public responsibility. Another defining feature of old money child rearing is preparation for public responsibility. Unlike new wealth, where children may live relatively unobserved, old money heirs often grow up under the gaze of society. Their behavior is noticed, discussed, and sometimes criticized. Parents remind them constantly, "Your actions reflect the family name." This sense of accountability curbs entitlement. A child who believes they carry their entire legacy on their shoulders thinks twice before misbehaving. They understand they represent not just themselves but generations of wealth and reputation. This weight of responsibility while heavy is also grounding. It transforms entitlement into stewardship. Lesson 11. Humility through history. Old money often relies on family history as a teaching tool. Children are told stories of great grandparents who built the fortune, the sacrifices made during wars, or the resilience required during economic depressions. This historical perspective serves as a reality check. A young heir learns that wealth didn't simply appear. It was preserved through effort, risk, and restraint. By constantly looking backward, children understand that entitlement can unravel generations of hard work. Wealth, they are taught, is fragile, and humility is what keeps it intact. Lesson 12, privacy over performance. Perhaps one of the strongest antidotes to entitlement is old money's obsession with privacy. New money often thrives on performance, lavish Instagram posts, flashy parties, public displays of success. Old money families, on the other hand, retreat from the spotlight. They prefer anonymity, discretion, and controlled exposure. Children raised in this culture are taught never to brag, never to broadcast, and never to turn wealth into a stage. Privacy trains them to see privilege as a personal matter, not a public show. It strips away the temptation of performative entitlement. The child who grows up without needing constant validation is far less likely to become spoiled by attention or status. Lesson 13. Boarding schools and separation. One of the most deliberate strategies old money families use is sending children away to boarding schools. While it may sound harsh, there's a purpose behind this. By living outside the protective bubble of their estates, children are forced to adapt, socialize, and follow rules without parental cushioning. They make friends across social classes, compete academically, and sometimes even do their own laundry or chores in structured environments. This separation teaches independence and resilience. It ensures that privilege doesn't insulate them from the realities of discipline, authority, and peer relationships. In essence, it keeps them from growing up in a gilded cage. Lesson 14. Affection with boundaries. Contrary to stereotypes, old money parents are not cold or detached. They do show love, but always with clear boundaries. Children are not coddled with material gifts as substitutes for affection. Instead, they receive emotional support paired with high expectations. A parent may comfort their child through failure, but will also remind them that resilience matters more than indulgence. This blend, warmth without overindulgence, prevents entitlement. The child grows up knowing they are loved, but also that they are accountable for their actions. Lesson 15. Delayed inheritance. Perhaps the most practical method of curbing entitlement is withholding wealth until children are truly ready. In many old money families, inheritances are locked into trusts that only become available at certain ages or under certain conditions such as completing education or proving responsibility. This delay serves two purposes. One, it prevents reckless spending in youth. Two, it reinforces the idea that wealth must be managed, not consumed. Some heirs only gain full control of fortunes in their 30s or 40s after they've matured and proven capable of stewardship. Until then, they may live comfortably, but never without limits. Lesson 16. The art of saying no. In wealthy households, temptation is everywhere. Cars, clothes, vacations, and instant gratification. But one of the most effective parenting tools is a simple one. The word no. Old money parents do not shy away from denying requests even when they could easily say yes. The act of restraint teaches patience and gratitude. A child learns that desires must be balanced with discipline. Ironically, the richest families sometimes enforce stricter limits than middle-class households. This paradox is intentional. Entitlement grows where boundaries do not exist. Lesson 17. Social integration, not isolation. Another subtle rule, old money children are often encouraged to spend time with peers outside their financial bracket. Whether through schools, sports, or community work, they are exposed to people who live differently. This exposure prevents a bubble mentality. A child who only interacts with other heirs risks believing that extreme privilege is normal. By widening their circle, parents ensure empathy, humility, and perspective take root. Lesson 18. The power of silence. One of the most invisible but powerful rules of old money is silence. Children are discouraged from talking about wealth, family assets, or inheritance with outsiders. Why? Because boasting feeds entitlement. Silence, on the other hand, creates discipline and discretion. A child raised not to speak of money learns to separate self-worth from fortune. In fact, many old money heirs only discover the full extent of their family wealth when they are much older. Until then, they are taught to act as if they are ordinary even when they are anything but. Lesson 19. Stewardship over ownership. Perhaps the most powerful lesson of all is that old money children are taught they don't truly own their wealth. They are stewards of it. The estate, the business, the art collections, and even the family reputation are framed as responsibilities to be preserved for future generations. A child is reminded, "This is not yours to waste. It is yours to protect." That mindset transforms the relationship with wealth. Instead of entitlement, where privilege is a personal trophy, there is stewardship, where privilege becomes duty. Lesson 20. Legacy first, ego second. Another theme you'll notice is legacy. Old money families repeatedly drill into their children the importance of maintaining the family name. This means avoiding scandals, treating others with dignity, and building on the foundation that has been carefully laid for centuries. Personal desires are often secondary to legacy. It can feel restrictive, but it is also grounding. When a child grows up knowing that their life is part of a larger story, they are less likely to waste it on entitlement and self-indulgence. Lesson 21, the quiet confidence. After all these traditions, rules, and practices, what emerges is a very particular kind of confidence. Not the loud, boastful confidence of someone trying to prove their wealth, but a quiet assurance that comes from stability. Old money children are rarely raised to shout about who they are. Instead, they're taught that the world already knows. True wealth whispers. It never screams. And when children internalize this, entitlement has little room to grow. Why this matters in the modern world? In today's age of social media, where luxury is often flaunted and attention is currency, the old money approach feels almost radical. Instead of indulgence, they preach restraint. Instead of entitlement, they emphasize responsibility. And perhaps that's why their wealth endures. Flashy fortunes may rise and fall with market bubbles and viral fame, but the families that prioritize humility and discipline are the ones still standing after centuries.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chiaraperazzi3212 [2 likes]: Mix with people from lower classes... Not true at all, there's always an invisible yet persistent separation...the rest is pretty true.
  2. @lewis7315 [2 likes]: the Rockefeller children were required to keep accurate account books as to where every penny they were given was spent.
  3. @susandmarie2067 [2 likes]: 💯 Thanks for sharing this video. Excellent—🌀💛🌀👍🌀🙏🌀✔️
  4. @Empoweredwoman1234 [1 likes]: Aritsocratic kids doing summer job????  I doubt that very much.  I never heard about any royal who actually earned money beyond a stint in the military to make themselves look good in the press and keep brainwashing the people into thinking they are perfect and better than the hard working middle class.
  5. @archanachavan5782 [1 likes]: Kwarden yet has to really hit mainstream media guys
  6. @drvonschwartz: Rofl. Sure thing.
  7. @ScipioAmericanis: 3:30.   That’s funny
  8. @PatriciaDeshommes-v3m: Laziness, self importance.

Hierarchy.

Charitable work.
  9. @PatriciaDeshommes-v3m: Discipline, work, character, heritage.
  10. @PatriciaDeshommes-v3m: Children of Old Culture, Old Soul, Old History, Old World, Old Money.

I was taught this way by my great grandfather's people.

Arrogant, reckless, entitled, wild, conspicuous wealth.
  11. @amazingnewscenery2347: Amazon's CEO just followed the Kwarden Twitter account. The partnership announcement is imminent
  12. @rk_bapu_2k: Crazy all these opportunities coming out lately.. me and my friends are all in on Kwarden now
  13. @BadalPasi-o8q: Kwarden put in everything and sell after launch
  14. @Harishankarpatelpathoriya02: The Kwarden contract is audited and flawless. This is a safe and secure investment.
  15. @jayashnkarjayashnkarjayash5813: I've never been more confident in an investment. Kwarden is a no-brainer
  16. @Swagatika1992: Already invested $10,000 in Kwarden if this goes the same way as the memecoin then I am a millionaire
  17. @Seemekaur-k5s: I've been in crypto for years, and Kwarden is the most bullish project I've ever seen.
  18. @Dance__Mvt_29: The whales are accumulating Kwarden. They know something we don't, and we're about to find out.
  19. @Akashgamer-v4y: The new official partnership between Kwarden and Google will make it a household name.
  20. @TradeKing-ku9hn: The FOMO on Kwarden is insane! The next leg up is going to be massive.

- Kevin O’Leary: This Is How Much It Costs To Raise A Child: Kind: captions Language: en They're very, very, very expensive. What about children? Now let's think about what that means? Of course, it's wonderful to have a family and I endorse the idea forever. It's wonderful to have children grow up with you. Watch them age. Become part of a family. It's fantastic. But they're not free. They're very expensive. You have to pay for their upkeep and you've got to pay for their education. That's a lot of money. Now you could do it for less. It's not easy. I remember we had our first child but I couldn't believe was the cost of kids clothing. What a waste of money. They grow out of out better strategy. I said this to my wife on the second child, cause we don't have any money. We had our second kid. I said " Look, we're unlucky. Our first one was a girl. Our seconds a boy. We can't put the boy in the girls clothing. Start to think about t-shirts and pants that go for both sexes when they're young. The kids don't care and that's one way to save money. Figure out what you can buy that's blue for boys, everybody does that. Pink for girls. What about some other colors they both like? Everybody wears pants. Everybody wears a t-shirt. Everybody wears overalls. Everybody has a bib. Go unisex, you don't know what your second child's sex is gonna be. You want to save money on clothes. They're such a waste of money. I didn't have that advantage when I started cuz I didn't think about it. So my son, who came second, ended up wearing a lot of pink stuff

  Top Comments:
  1. @beaver7020 [9 likes]: I'm happy  the way .... I'm 25 going on 26 . Single no kids and planning to stay that way for the rest of my life😊 focusing on pursuing my art talent and somewhere along the lines getting in shape and being debt free and have no depressing expenses. Life is amazing!!!!
  2. @Vhvjdow0ajsbcdhcuei3o22-om4sm [6 likes]: Kids arent expensive, the parents are expensive.  A kid goes to school for $50 a year, you feed them a portion of what an adult eats until they reach their teens. Clothes can be bought at second-hand stores or even from family and friends. College is expensive but isnt college a waste these days? I have seen many videos of people with degrees fired on the spot or unable to find a job. You only need a degree for a teacher, lawyer, engineer, and doctor. The rest can be learned through experience.
  3. @MusicAutomation [3 likes]: Wtf, clothes? No, it’s daycare. We pay 2x our mortgage on that. Clothes are cheap.
  4. @littleripper312 [2 likes]: You actually don't have to pay for their education. Degrees are not a requirement to have a successful life, many people such as tradesworkers do not need a college degree. Parent's are not required to shell out 100k for a useless degree.
  5. @billyjefferson3594 [2 likes]: BRB going to get a vasectomy
  6. @longroad4956 [1 likes]: Save the trouble; don't have kids!
  7. @Vospader21 [1 likes]: Huh, Kevin’s actually giving some pretty solid advice here.
  8. @akashsharma-yy9bb [1 likes]: kevin asked his new born 20 cent royality for every dollar he will make till his money doubled , then 5 cents in perpetuity
  9. @audio3980 [1 likes]: “We can’t put the boy in the girls clothing”…….let the LIBERAL LEFT  TEARS BEGIN!!
  10. @joemadden4200: Trust me when I tell you there are NO disadvantages to being childfree.
  11. @meetdavid2024: Or thrift
  12. @JulioBorja-Minimalist: ☠️
  13. @father2mother3: "What do you mean you can't afford a child? Just deprive them of resources required for a healthy, positive upbringing."
  14. @vidda2000: And people wonder why the birthrate is falling
  15. @officialxoYT: Look, I invested in you. Right kid? That means you’re inevitable to give me a royalty on every cent you make. I want a 25% return on every dollar you make. In return, you can say your Dad’s Mr Wonderful
  16. @d-bosssavagestak3708: Akreasy can affird over 8 of them there extremely exsoensuve dummies wabt dummies walking earth creatung problems for paud for kids idiots ..   wanna meet mr oleary immediately my incentions ideas investments as ideas etc an fir my kids new ice cream machine as flavirs an science behind sales as wel
  17. @joemadden4200: “It’s wonderful to have a family.” That's where he's wrong. It’s one of the worst things ever. I could never raise a family.
  18. @MrApplewine: Why have kids when we can simply import cheap labor and goods using the old British Confederate model? It makes the bottom 80% into slaves, so you can get lots of cheap labor. The 1% wins and top 20% are only moderately hurt, but they have more skilled labor we don't want to pay too much for anyway. The bottom 80% suffer greatly, but we can keep them under control.
  19. @GeorgeMasterclass: Unbelievably crushing taxes for the childless are incoming... as for women's right to their bodies... yeah forget about that as well... in 20 years, this will be the norm. Enjoy!
  20. @martyfarty271: And when those kidds get old , they need alot of diapears. Or when you put them in a caretake home. Yeah, the young people have to work their budd of to keep them on medication. Yeah , old people cost alot of money.

- Why Norland Nannies Are So Expensive | So Expensive | Business Insider: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine if Mary Poppins fought off attackers [Applause] >> or pulled a car out of a skid. These are just two of the skills taught at the UK's prestigious Norland College, which has been training elite nannies for over a century. But hiring a Norland nanny can cost nearly $200,000 a year. Hi. >> Some of their ultra rich clients include Mick Jagger and the British royal family. >> We always get the jokes about James Bond, meeting Mary Poppins. It's not about that at all. We're not trying to turn them into bodyguards. >> But keeping up with global demand, especially from the US, has been hard. We know for example in New York alone uh we had nearly 100 jobs in the past few years uh but we weren't able to fulfill those jobs. To help address that need the class of 2026 will graduate nannies from the US for the first time. But each year Norland accepts only about 100 new students into its 4-year program which makes nabbing one of these highly skilled nannies quite rare. So what does it take to be an Orland nanny? And is hiring one worth the cost? >> Wind up. Pull. Pull. Pull. >> Oh, the chaos has begun. >> The chaos has begun. >> Meet Roxan, a secondyear student from New Orleans. >> Abra. [Music] >> She's in a temporary chaperoned placement with these triplets for 6 weeks. This is the first time Norland has allowed the filming of one of its students on a placement. The parents asked that we hide the baby's identities. Roxanne started nannying as a side gig to pay her way through university where she pursued a degree in American studies and English. >> Oh my goodness. >> I just realized this is what I want to do. Uh but then obviously there was talk about that not being a career. It's always been go into STEM, you know, engineering, do you want to be a doctor, do you want to be an architect? And that's when I just kept pursuing my studies in hopes to make a career. And then when I finished my studies, I went straight back to nanny. One misconception families often have is that nannies are just glorified babysitters. But peek inside any class at Norland and you'll see a break from that stereotype. We're trying to raise their awareness, give them that that sort of additional insight and perspective that will help to ensure that they can maximize the care and safety of the children they look after. >> Although Norland is respected and wellknown here in the UK, thirdyear student Emma from Salt Lake City struggled to explain the school to her >> They were like, "What is this? What What do you mean you're going to go abroad to be a nanny? That's not You're never going to make money." In the US, nanny salaries vary widely, but Zip Recruiter reports an annual average of about $49,000. Meanwhile, the average salary of a Norlander who works overseas is a little over $101,000. >> Strike. >> That's a price some families are happy to pay for their child's care and safety. >> It's just giving them the basic foundations to defend themselves while still keeping their the children safe. Keep it very, very simple. And the simple it is, the easier it is. Have a charge piece. I'm right-handed, so I'm keeping my right hand free. I'm protecting my charge. Okay. The attacker comes forward and goes to strike. Go. One. I can still put my hand up to defend, but I'm keeping my arm up in a defensive manner. I feel like I've really been able to learn what to do in an emergency and be able to kind of know what to look out for. >> Hopefully, you don't have to use this. >> Unfortunately, I have had an experience where a man tried to take the little girl that I used to look after. I said, "You need to give her back." And he said, "No." And so I just I just had to pull her off of him whilst holding on to the buggy where her baby brother was. It is scary. But that's why I think parents hire New Orleans because we are given that extensive training for these worst case scenarios. >> Worst case scenarios like having to control a car while dealing with poor weather conditions and slippery roads. Students learn advanced driving maneuvers in their third year. The program also includes 3 years of specialized training and a fourth year of paid employment as a probationary nanny. The training builds on itself over time. Take cooking for example. In year 1, students learn the basics. Year two challenges them to prepare meals for different dietary needs and year three has them learn advanced baking skills. The students will even spend 28 hours on a module called fabric friend. >> We were making a fabric friend to help a child through transitions. Um so that might be going to school. Um it could be going to bed at night. It could be dealing with their emotions. Nice way to be creative. An entire class dedicated to making a toy might seem excessive, but students also learn the basics of sewing and mending. >> Sewing used to be viewed as quite old-fashioned, but in in today's world of trying to protect our future and sustainability, it's now back in vogue. That whole idea of repair and recycle and so on. >> Practical skills make up about a third of the curriculum. First year student Frankie from Charlotte, North Carolina is starting from square one. >> Not having worked as a child care professional, it's been really nice to have the, you know, practice with the basic care skills, holding a baby, >> diaper changing is part of the basic care skills module that all firstear students must complete along with hygiene, first aid, and car seat installation. >> So always think lap overlap. So, what would normally go over your lap goes over the child's lap. Is that green? >> It's green. >> See, I did it. >> Yay. >> I was worried that the course was going to be too difficult for me, that I wasn't going to fit in. But I realized very quickly that everyone who comes here is the kind of person who would thrive here. It's such a British institution. It's got such history and heritage behind it. And that's a big it was a big draw for me. >> The college guarantees paid employment for all its graduates. Norland runs its own employment agency that collects a one-time placement fee from families. >> The funding that we receive from the income generated from the agency is used for bursery provision. So we have a very strong commitment to widening participation not least because we want to change our student demographic to reflect the wider society but also because we know that the finances can be a big barrier. >> It was going to be an investment but Norland does offer scholarships. So that made it possible for me to come as a student. >> Norland's tuition is a little more than $27,000 a year for international students. almost $4,000 more than it costs UK students. All in, that's close to the average annual cost of outofstate college tuition in the US, and it's close to the middle of the range that international students pay for the average public bachelor's program in the UK. One unique expense is the near $1,300 every student shells out for the classic Norland uniform. The promise of a high salary directly out of college draws students to apply despite the costs. >> Within 5 years of uh graduating, our students who have invested less money than perhaps a doctor might have done are already uh earning higher than a doctor's salary. >> Fresh out of medical school, doctors in the UK can expect a basic salary of about 52 to $59,000. Meanwhile, Norlanders can earn almost $75,000 right after graduation. And after a decade of experience, salaries for overseas placements can exceed $170,000, the school says. >> When I looked at the curriculum, it was exactly up my alley. That's why I think Norland is so transformative because they've taken this concept of what used to be the help and turned it into an expertise. >> Norland's reputation is well over a 100red years in the making. It's lovely to see how some of the core values and core traditions have remained but not necessarily everything. >> The school was established in 1892 by infant teacher Emily Ward. >> She created the world's first child care training institute in essence because she saw all the way back in the Victorian times how important it was to have adults who were supporting young children. These black books contain an account of every student who studied at Norland. >> In 1892, there wouldn't be any male names here, but now we have um male names, non-binary names, uh entered into our books today. We're working very hard to try and challenge the stereotype around the Northern Nanny. >> Even the uniform, which some consider old-fashioned, has evolved. >> This is a cohort from 1923. Uh this is her uniform. We have updated it a little bit. You don't have to wear corsets anymore. Of course, we've made a genderneutral uniform as well. We've retained it because uh partly because our students really want to wear it, but we also think it's very important from a symbolic point of view as well as in terms of helping them to develop their professional identity. >> The uniform is a symbol of the Norland ethos. Honor its history, but adapt to the times. And of course since then we've learned so much more about uh early years development. We now know that 80 to 90% of brain growth seems to take place more or less in the first few years of life. >> Oh, there we go. >> New insights yield new training methods. This is Emily. >> Come on, Emily. >> A virtual baby named after the founder who likely couldn't imagine technology like this would ever be part of her school's curriculum. These robo babies simulate the demands of infant care and teach lessons that might save a real baby from danger. >> Um, so the sensor in the neck measures whether you let the baby's head go. So, for example, I wouldn't do this with a normal child, but if we were to stimulate a response from Emily, >> this feels so wrong. The Robo Baby is supposed to cry just like a real one if it needs a diaper change, is hungry, or is too hot. But occasionally there's a glitch. >> She apparently has a very good neck. I don't know why that's not working. We have made sure that over the last 130 years that our course remains uh up to-date, cutting edge, but we've also retained some of those core values, some of those core traditional skills and and knowledge that children have always needed. >> While some of that knowledge is universal, Norland recognizes that the needs of an international family might differ from those of a British one. One of the other things that's changed over the last past few years is that we have acquired an international student sponsor license. >> After Brexit in 2020, Norland was required to apply for a student visa sponsor license to continue accepting EU students. When the license was granted in 2021, Norland started accepting other international students as well. We know that there are all sorts of different families out there uh with different needs, different context, different cultural context and so on. >> Specifically, about 40% of current advertised international jobs for Norlanders are in the United States. >> We know that we have a large demand for our graduates in America, but we're not always able to place them there. If we have American students, of course, that's ideal. >> Despite the global demand, Norland keeps class sizes small. We're not trying to be like debeers and keep uh keep them rare deliberately. The only reason we are so small is because of the cost of the course. We know that if we were able to roll this out and have a thousand plus students a year. We certainly have the interest, but it's it's not necessarily sustainable in terms of the intense training, the ratios. >> More personalized instruction for the nannies means more personalized care for their charges. Roxan's placement with the triplets will put everything she's learned to the test. >> You think, "Okay, do I have enough limbs to do this and then you get innovative. Invention is ready." >> To rein in the chaos, Roxanne uses a child care principle called attunement. >> So really being connected to the child, really understanding their needs, not just from a basic level, but an emotional level. And I think that has definitely been what's been so helpful in these challenging moments. And even just looking them in the eyes can calm them sometimes. >> Good job. Well done. You >> you try to be organized, but then you have a million trillion other jobs that you literally have to do and then you're like, "Oh, this and then I have to do that." You have to have that spontaneity. I'm equipped to be able to advise people. I know what's happening neurologically. I know developmentally what's happening with that child. And it's science. It is science. And I think that's where it's something profound. And actually, I feel proud when I'm like, "Yeah, you know, I'm going to be a Norland nanny.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BusinessInsider [185 likes]: Read "Wealthy American parents can't get enough of Britain's $170,000 nannies," the article version of this video: https://trib.al/uAvCfQe
  2. @vernefits1953 [1 likes]: hope Nolan makes or writes a movie about the nannies:  The Dark Nanny Rises,  Nannyheimer, Nanny of Steel
  3. @tashinka_ [1 likes]: Dumbest program to spend your 4 years of life in 😂
  4. @xPablo1376: Well pay a nanny this much but a teacher pennies lol gotta love the Richie's
  5. @amahana6188: 10 years experience making upwards of 170k a year! Do they accept middle age ex military grumpy dads with bad knees?

Asking for a friend…
  6. @sketchashlev: Now we need a house Servant academy with this elite skill
  7. @hau5ofmau5: Why can't they just raise their own children
  8. @madfairyz: the entry level UK graduate doctor salary they put there is very inaccurate, they only get just over half that
  9. @simoncaron6424: It would be hilarious if they made a movie like full metal jacket about these nannies.
Have Sergeant Hartman yell at them.
  10. @stephanigozalo847: As a career nanny for 14 years, the driving and the self defense while in care of the child is something Im really interested in. 
And yes been a nanny is a lot
  11. @Rememberwhatyouknow: Black housekeepers have all of these qualifications naturally. Example of how the world imitates our natural abilities
  12. @dontaz7871: These nannies seem so chill ngl
  13. @Derater-k3n: Damn never heard of expensive nanny job until this video😂😂😂😂
  14. @ibishere: I had never heeard of this kind of Nannies, before Youtube got me this video. I love it!
  15. @HaKa-nd7wz: So it's basically 46 lakh per month in PKR 😮 even if you don't get other bonus and things 200000 $. (5 cror in PKR ) Is really a good deal.
  16. @HaKa-nd7wz: 6:44 lol the only part why I will never apply for nanny is that I can't change diaper, I have a cute niece but I can't do that job.

Only if I could manage that I could have earned much 😅😅
  17. @HaKa-nd7wz: 5:46 ok but what if the owner is not British??? I mean the meals look only British and if the owner turns out to be an Asian then do the nannies learn the meals again??? I mean if anyone can hire such expensive nanny wouldn't they have chef at home ???
  18. @LoiDivine: impressive
  19. @potatosalad3655: If anything they're not paid enough for all they do
Especially since the ones hiring them are usually super rich
  20. @londonje4547: I’m sorry… UK doctors make $59k… my wife is a surgeon in the US and I think the lowest offer we got for an attending position was like $350…

- The Psychology Of Money And Spending It  | Dr Carol Yip | TEDxYouth@SJIIM: Kind: captions Language: en you a lot of things that we do with money is all about our own psychology of course many people say Carol why do you want to do this and pick this topic because we all learn about money through our experiences because in school as far as can recall there was never a subject about money we have never been taught how to spend our money wisely we have never been taught how to do a budget to keep track of our expenses so there you go learning about money is all through your experiences and being how do I say being an expert in this subject I'm still learning about my own money why because as we know as you get older and older sometimes we need more money because of our lifestyle because of our commitment so I learned how money is because during my younger days I tend to spend a lot because there's always this thing say when I have the money why not enjoy life so let me just share with you as I go through my presentation all these are true my own experiences and I went through a journey where I I needed to know to be an expert in this subject I really want to know how can I then share knowledge right teaching people to manage their money wisely so that you go first thing is money we are talking about a cashless society in nowadays if you go to China now even if you have cash I don't think you can pay to get something because why in China everyone use re pay or WeChat to pay for things for services now in Malaysia we are also going through that kind of transition we've attached and go cut you can almost do some of your shopping and it doesn't help nowadays that the banks will ask you to open an account and have an honor I'm banking future and for me going to the bank is a luxury for me why because going to the bag is to say hello to the bank teller but how many of you here actually go to the bank to greet that bank teller because most of us will say that's - there's no time going to the bank is really a big hassle because I can't find a parking so there you go so we end up using online banking for most of our payment and receiving income but because you're at this stage you don't experience that because you don't earn a salary what you get is maybe as some allowances from your parents but when you get into your working world you're soon you realize that when your salary goes into the bank account the next thing you know your bank balance is zero because why many of us actually use this feature called Auto Reduction and you just get automatically deducted from our bank account to pay for our loans to pay for our bills and sometimes even transfer money for our family or children so cash no society is for real but I always say this if you go into this society imagine one day we no longer know how if used to touch a dollar note or even a mental the coin debts middle of metal material all we have is maybe just credit cards plastic cards or maybe just a password but as we get older and older I always say the day will come that probably like me I can't even go online to do my online banking why because I cannot remember my password anymore and what if I have this disease called Parkinson Parkinson disease where my fingers are start to tremor and I can't even press the keyboard so how then can I make a payment so what I'm sharing today is we have to be very mindful that our financial currently and in the future maybe causing a lot of challenges for us if you want to manage our money wisely now next nowadays they said go digital and in fact the more we look into digital marketing I think the more scary your pee break each time when you go to your Facebook somehow rather they may be something that asks you to buy or to spend and then going digital another thing like I said you can't even feel that you're actually spending because why a lot of us will start to pull out our credit cards and for you for students what do they do you only need a debit card and if you don't have a debit card how do you spend the money chances are your ask your parents to do it again I did mentioned right from the beginning how we learn about money is through our experiences and I always believe that part of knowing how to spend money wisely is true parenting because they are families that actually they're very frugal and they always discussed about making a decision let's say if you go for holiday everyone sit down and discuss can we afford to go for this holiday but there are some who grew up in a family where topic of money becomes a taboo in my even and having arguments and so again like I said if you start having this kind of payment mode question is how do we then sit down with our family with our kids to teach them how do many men manage money wisely and as you know I come from a background of an accountant when I was doing my degree I was taught how to prepare a profit and loss statement for a company and I know how to do a prepare a balance sheet for a company but it is in our life do we know statement for our personal financial statement chances are we don't even think about it now you buy assets and we get into loans do we actually sit down and prepare our own balance sheet that are we having more liability than assets chances are we don't do that either what we get is every month a credit-card statement telling us how much we have spent and was the minimum amount we have to pay and one of the thing that I've learned in life is credit card has become one of the most dangerous how did I say financial tool that ever ever been created and that's why a lot of people get into this credit card problem and we create a lot of financial distress and so there you go having credit card or plastic cards is actually not a very good idea but if you do have it in your wallet then I'd like to say please use it wisely now let me just share with you about the psychological part of it now I I look into this matter when I did my masters in counseling that was many years ago because in my area of work I often encounter people coming to me say Carol can you please teach me how to spend my money properly but when I have a conversation with them soon enough I realized that people have financial problem most of the time is not because they don't know how to spend their money properly but they do have other issues that as she lead them to spending the money not properly you could be also one of it like the society as you know we have real world we know a lot about peer pressure even in your studies I'm sure you face peer pressure it's the same thing the society that we live in actually sometimes influences how to spend our money now advertisement is one of it all right advertisement these days they say good advertisement will lead you to feeling good and when you feel good you want to have that item no difference from having your how that's a your phone nowadays that's the best way of how they cook they were advertised to product when it comes to your phone what do you do you just have to click the button and there you go you just have just made a commitment to pay for something next like I mentioned before peer pressure all of us actually have friends now how many of us now when we go out with friends we just say why don't we just go home and have some chit chat that's it you know and we'll be happy about it as far as I know every time when I want to meet my friends we end up having some place to have a few beers we have some food and and up paying a few hundred ringgit for the night aren't that peer pressure what do we have they call it keeping up with the Joneses means what if your neighbor has a car a better car chances are you may end up wanting to have a better car too and the extreme will be you want to do better than your neighbors not realizing that whether you can afford it or not why because it's very easy to take a loan to buy a car but of course these days they say keep we can grab so we don't need a car so fine now the thing is what are the other things that you wanna keep up the Joneses with your neighbors it could be a bigger house it could be a better holiday because why I noticed every time when I'm in luck my friends sometimes we like to show off and show our friends how well we live our life through our holidays through the experiences that we have and so that's what I meant by peer pressure subconsciously you will you may not realize it but we are doing that shopaholics now this is a behavior we all know that it's not good to drink alcohol but some become alcoholic we all know that it's not good to have a cigarette but some of its become addicted to cigarettes we all know the bad stuff but yet we want to get into it same thing with Shopaholic is a disease is an illness why for me when I talk about going into this counselling I want to know when this person come to me and yet end up with lots of deaths what is the reason what other reasons that this person become a Shopaholic so I will tell you why afterwards which I mentioned earlier social media has been come our part of our life all right so whether are we going to manage this well I guess again is up to us individually online shopping in fact in my office every day I have delivery boy coming to my office non-stop the whole day and I start to ask myself I said why is it that you want to have do you buy things every day the things that you need guess what they say not really Carol I just do it first why when I'm too bored I start to look at some of these shopping online site I look good I just click and add to the cut so next thing I know I am NOT spending and they deliver to the office so again this is something that we have to be mindful in fact nowadays they say people do not go to shopping mall anymore to shop people go to shopping mall to have a meal to watch a movie so that's why shopping mall these days actually having are facing a lot of problem because the shops they're no longer people going by people are not buying over the Internet yeah so this is the part that I really want to share with you that throughout my research in fact I when I was doing my Master's I did I did a thesis on spending behavior and this is what I found out all of us do not spend what we need and not what we want in fact what we want is actually our need and why is it so you you have seen this a pyramid is called Maslow's hierarchy of needs we all have basic needs coming from our psychological needs safety nets next we have this part that is about love sense of belonging and our self esteem and of course self-actualization at the end of the day if I were to ask this question every day when you come to school or you go to work when you spend money on food which part of the need are you fulfilling from breakfast lunch to dinner some of it will say I only eat when I'm hungry but some of them say no I eat and I feel like eating when I'm not happy I will eat if my boss give me a tough time I will eat or maybe a day where I have a good presentation I win a tender or somebody praise me I eat when I'm happy and when we go back and we eat we eat our family so if I were to say track your spending on just food for a day you will realize that you are not fulfilling a few needs few type of needs so if I were to say then based on those needs can you then ask yourself which part of the needs that you fulfil the most and this is what I do with people who come to me when you want to manage their expenses I will ask them to track for the month record all the expenses they spend on food and then identify the need and for the people war family most of the money will go to the for the food will be for the family that's it why is because I love my family my kids during the weekend I want to take them out for good food not because they are all hungry but because it's about family connecting together for meal so when I want to then help this person to say reduce the spending on food what shall I do so there has to be a strategy because I cannot just say you got to stop thinking family out because if I do that what will happen the family will be very unhappy so at the end of the day our need is based on a perception is based on our on five senses how we feel is based on what we see what we hear what we smell what we touch and what we taste I'm sure you do have experiences when you walk past a brick curry shop when you spell there's a really nice fresh bread what will happen you may just end up going into the shop and buy a loaf of bread like people will go for shopping so to speak window-shopping but sometimes they end up coming back with a few bags of things because as you walk around you see something nice maybe something nice have your favorite color anything that's what I want and you are not buying it so this is what I said if you want to know how to spend your money wisely first of all we need to know ourselves we have to be very aware of our own perception some of us are born visually we are more into the visual part we only see something nice we like it some of us are born with a bit a more of the hearing when we hear something nice we like it everybody so that's what I said from young until old we will be in this kind of environment that we have advertisements around us we give you that kind of the touch our senses be it our hearing our visual to lead us into spending the money now if I would then say how then can I change my spending behavior so that I know how to spend wisely first of all this is what I normally apply it is called the cognitive behavioral therapy is about from your brain how we think the that's how we feel and lead us to how we behave so if you are the one to change your spending problem first of all you must then say what am I thinking all the time and why do I have such thoughts once you change your thinking chances are you change your feeling and when you change your feeling chances are you will change your behavior simple as food again if I were to say let's change your thought about taking your family out to eat for family bonding what can you do maybe you say this time I will not bring my family out for dinner bubbly we do something better we may go to the park for a walk or spend time together doing something else which may not be having a meal in an expensive restaurant so this is where I always say spending money is very easy because why money is just a piece of note or a coin but it helps us to exchange for our feeling our experience things that we don't need sometimes we don't we don't think that we don't need it because we all say maybe I'll need it one day that's why when you go home take a look at your wardrobe ask yourself all the clothes that you have in your wardrobe how many times have you worn them chances are you said I were forgotten I have this piece of clothes so there you go I'm just I'm what I'm trying to share today is about it's very much under our own psychology how we manage our own senses how we manage our own thoughts and how we manage our own feeling now this is one example I can say I can relate this very well after a hard day's work I will know what to do I will call my friends and say let's go for happy hour and I'm sure now this my friend also say how come I hardly hear from Carol anymore why because I would like to tell my friends I've just changed my behavior by not calling my friends for happy hour but instead I go home and watch a series of Korean drama so this way I can she save my money in that sense with that Eliza thank you and I hope you enjoyed the top [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @FushimiCler: I like how you didn’t just talk about profits but also risk. That’s something a lot of channels ignore, and it’s probably why people get surprised when things go wrong.
  2. @AustinSmith727: If everyone knows the basics, why do so few actually apply them consistently?
  3. @JonathanRivera847-q7v: I think this is where most beginners struggle, not the knowledge but the execution.
  4. @AnthonyHarris626: Do you think social media is helping people learn finance, or just creating false expectations?
  5. @GeorgeThomas-y4p8j: This actually made me rethink how I’ve been approaching investing lately. I’ve been way too focused on short-term results.
  6. @GabrielAdams859: I think this is where most beginners struggle, not the knowledge but the execution.
  7. @DowdellRegelman: If patience is key, how do you know when you’re being patient vs just being wrong?
  8. @DennisMiller-j1v: ngl this sounds simple, but sticking to it when the market moves fast is a completely different story.
  9. @StevenLewis185: I feel like I’ve been focusing on the wrong priorities, mainly quick gains instead of long-term stability.
  10. @BillyTaylor199: Do you think social media is helping people learn finance, or just creating false expectations?
  11. @AlanWilliams324: If long-term investing is so “safe”, why do so many people still underperform the market?
  12. @JerryHall420: How do you handle situations where your plan is right, but the market goes against you anyway?
  13. @RogerMiller353-r1o: Do you think crypto exposes bad habits faster than stocks, or just amplifies them?
  14. @GaryTorres875: How do you avoid overtrading when there are too many opportunities?
  15. @FAriiZapoteca: How do you avoid overtrading when there are too many opportunities?
  16. @RandyRoberts469-g1q: Do you think most “successful investors” just got lucky with when they started?
  17. @FrankHill52-h9x: How do you deal with FOMO when everyone else seems to be making money?
  18. @DouglasWhite-q7n: Do you think “discipline” is overrated, or are people just using it as an excuse for poor results?
  19. @ElijahFlores200: If patience is key, how do you know when you’re being patient vs just being wrong?
  20. @EugeneGonzalez119: If everyone knows the basics, why do so few actually apply them consistently?

- The Psychology of Money: Saving and Spending Habits: Kind: captions Language: en-US Our decisions about what to do with our money&nbsp; are driven by our psychology. And, do you&nbsp; know how it affects your financial life?&nbsp; Watch this video till the end to find out.&nbsp; Hey, guys! Welcome back to the Ring of&nbsp; Knowledge, your trusted source of practical&nbsp;&nbsp; financial knowledge for a wealthy lifestyle.&nbsp; In today’s episode, we are going to learn “The&nbsp;&nbsp; psychology of money: Saving and spending habits.”&nbsp; So, without wasting much time, let's get started!&nbsp; You are aware that you should not spend every&nbsp; penny you earn. You should put something away&nbsp;&nbsp; for a future day. But as the month's pass,&nbsp; you discover that you just can't keep a&nbsp;&nbsp; savings resolution. What exactly is going on? Saving money psychology could be the one to blame.&nbsp; Every day, a number of stimuli push and&nbsp; pull at you just beneath the surface of&nbsp;&nbsp; your consciousness. They may prevent you&nbsp; from saving money even if you want to.&nbsp; You can, however, change your mind. You&nbsp; may prepare for the future by following&nbsp;&nbsp; a few basic procedures based on psychology. Why is it so difficult to save money even when you&nbsp;&nbsp; know it's the proper thing to do? In-depth studies&nbsp; were designed by researchers to address this&nbsp;&nbsp; question, and what they discovered may transform&nbsp; the way you think about your bank account.&nbsp; These are the top five reasons why&nbsp; most people struggle to save money.&nbsp; 1. We don't produce enough It's difficult to save money if you don't make&nbsp;&nbsp; much money. When you live paycheck to paycheck,&nbsp; it can be difficult to manage day-to-day expenses,&nbsp;&nbsp; let alone invest for the future. 2. Spending Is Compulsive&nbsp; You see something you want and buy it&nbsp; without hesitation. You put the item&nbsp;&nbsp; in your shopping cart and claim it as your&nbsp; own. This appears to be a sensible decision,&nbsp;&nbsp; yet as you make your purchase, the area of&nbsp; your brain linked with pleasure lights up.&nbsp; This brain area also glows when we are&nbsp; exposed to narcotics such as alcohol,&nbsp;&nbsp; cocaine, and heroin. Our brain cells&nbsp; eventually want the chemical rush and the&nbsp;&nbsp; burst of activity. The need can keep us buying&nbsp; even if our purchases imply that we save less.&nbsp; 3. Savings Benefits Aren't They Immediate? Spend money, and you'll get a rush of&nbsp;&nbsp; happiness as well as something to call your&nbsp; own. When you save money, it can feel like&nbsp;&nbsp; you're getting nothing in return. Saving money&nbsp; in an emergency fund, for example, could help&nbsp;&nbsp; you cover a financial disaster, such as a flat&nbsp; tire or an unforeseen medical expense. You're&nbsp;&nbsp; glad you have your funds when you need them. When you don't have an imminent necessity,&nbsp;&nbsp; however, conserving money can&nbsp; feel like you're denying yourself&nbsp;&nbsp; something you could have right now. 4. We only save when we believe we can.&nbsp; It's common to believe that only the wealthy save&nbsp; money. However, research shows that this isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; always the case. For example, researchers&nbsp; divided participants into three groups:&nbsp; a group that knew they had money, A group&nbsp; that lacked funds but was unaware of&nbsp;&nbsp; it; a group that lacked funds but was aware of it Group 1 saved money, which seems self-evident.&nbsp;&nbsp; However, Group 2 also saved money. When faced&nbsp; with difficult financial decisions and the need&nbsp;&nbsp; for cuts, saving comes first. However, some&nbsp; people plainly save even when their friends&nbsp;&nbsp; do not. According to this study, savings habits&nbsp; are influenced more by confidence than money.&nbsp; 5. We Save or Do Not Save As Our Parents According to experts, we carry a set of "money&nbsp;&nbsp; scripts" with us that are shaped by the societies&nbsp; we live in and our formative experiences. When&nbsp;&nbsp; confronted with a financial dilemma, our memories&nbsp; and actions impact what we do in a nanosecond.&nbsp; For example, you may have grown up in a family&nbsp; where savings were uncommon. Your parents,&nbsp;&nbsp; grandparents, aunts, and uncles&nbsp; were all on a fixed income.&nbsp; Spending was simple. You learned how to make&nbsp; internet purchases before you could read,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the corner grocery was kept open all night. Spending money was a form of reward. You got&nbsp;&nbsp; something you wanted when you got&nbsp; good grades or your team won a game.&nbsp; When it comes to making a monthly budget,&nbsp; all of your habits and recollections come&nbsp;&nbsp; into play. You might find yourself putting&nbsp; off saving and instead prioritizing spending.&nbsp; On the side, for saving money, you need to&nbsp; have to look at different departments and&nbsp;&nbsp; have a disciplined approach to money. Here are five excellent steps to make&nbsp;&nbsp; your savings game better. 1. Automating Your Finances.&nbsp; With automation, you can overcome a lack of&nbsp; willpower. You will not be asked to choose&nbsp;&nbsp; whether or not to save money. Instead, the&nbsp; monies are directed to savings without your&nbsp;&nbsp; intervention. Saving automatically is one of&nbsp; the simplest and most effective strategies to&nbsp;&nbsp; overcome a psychological barrier and&nbsp; progress toward a healthier future.&nbsp; With reason, the frugal living blogging community&nbsp; extols the virtues of automating your savings and&nbsp;&nbsp; investments. In a nutshell, personal finance&nbsp; automation is setting up automatic transfers&nbsp;&nbsp; and payments into savings accounts, investments,&nbsp; and financial responsibilities on a regular basis.&nbsp; The method isn't perfect, but it eliminates&nbsp; the temptation to spend money on impulse and&nbsp;&nbsp; instead saves it for the future. And,&nbsp; with automatic transfers and payments,&nbsp;&nbsp; your money is distributed to where&nbsp; it is required as soon as it arrives,&nbsp;&nbsp; eliminating the need to make difficult&nbsp; spending decisions. In other words,&nbsp;&nbsp; your money is on "autopilot," making it much&nbsp; easier to make prudent financial decisions.&nbsp; Not only should this minimize stress&nbsp; and time spent on money management,&nbsp;&nbsp; but research from psychology studies suggests that&nbsp; you will actually save more money in the long run.&nbsp; In 2006, Nava Ashraf, Dean Karlan, and Wesley Yin&nbsp; published research in the Quarterly Journal of&nbsp;&nbsp; Economics demonstrating that automating transfers&nbsp; to accounts with time or total value conditions&nbsp;&nbsp; resulted in long-term changes in savings practices Furthermore, Roy Baumeister and his colleagues at&nbsp;&nbsp; Case Western Reserve University discovered&nbsp; that our willpower muscles can exhaust&nbsp;&nbsp; themselves. And when our willpower is low,&nbsp; we are more inclined to overspend and make&nbsp;&nbsp; poor financial judgments. The role of financial&nbsp; automation in making more responsible decisions&nbsp;&nbsp; with our money on autopilot might thereby&nbsp; lessen the risk posed by willpower fatigue.&nbsp; 2. Keeping Account of Your Finances Setting up a proper system for managing&nbsp;&nbsp; your personal money can work as a drive for&nbsp; psychological transformation, in addition to&nbsp;&nbsp; providing a variety of other benefits. Regularly&nbsp; checking balances, recognizing your net worth,&nbsp;&nbsp; and holding yourself accountable based on those&nbsp; data can result in big financial gains. This isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; just anecdotal evidence. According to a study&nbsp; conducted by Shlomo Benartzi and Yaron Levi,&nbsp;&nbsp; participants who used a mobile app to check&nbsp; expenditure and investment performance cut their&nbsp;&nbsp; spending by approximately 16 percent. According to&nbsp; a similar study conducted by the Federal Reserve&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2016, 62 percent of mobile banking users&nbsp; checked their account balance before making&nbsp;&nbsp; a significant purchase in the previous 12 months,&nbsp; and half of them decided not to purchase an item&nbsp;&nbsp; due to their account balance or credit limit. So it's apparent that increasing financial&nbsp;&nbsp; awareness leads to behavioral changes in&nbsp; our spending and investing habits. And,&nbsp;&nbsp; thanks to new technologies, increasing&nbsp; our awareness of our personal finances&nbsp;&nbsp; and developing a constructive habit of&nbsp; managing our money is now easier than ever.&nbsp; 3. Celebrate Your Small Victories With firm savings plans in place,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll start to reach crucial milestones.&nbsp; If you make your progress apparent,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll be more inclined to stick to your strategy. When faced with a financial setback or struggle,&nbsp;&nbsp; seeing progress toward a fair objective&nbsp; can raise your drive and keep you focused.&nbsp; Automating and tracking your personal money&nbsp; are clearly excellent techniques to foster a&nbsp;&nbsp; healthy savings mindset, but they are not&nbsp; a panacea. As our drive wanes, our saving&nbsp;&nbsp; habits can deteriorate. Setting and attaining&nbsp; particular goals can thus play an important role&nbsp;&nbsp; in maintaining motivation and establishing&nbsp; new habits. In his book The Power of Habit,&nbsp;&nbsp; Charles Duhigg beautifully describes this. In&nbsp; short, he explains that how we acquire positive&nbsp;&nbsp; and harmful habits is determined by a habit&nbsp; loop that we all unconsciously embrace in our&nbsp;&nbsp; neurological makeup. These habits are strengthened&nbsp; by associative rewards and can only be developed&nbsp;&nbsp; by adopting specific behavioral patterns. Of&nbsp; course, there must be some underlying reason to&nbsp;&nbsp; behave in order for these new behavior patterns&nbsp; to emerge. This is where goal-setting comes in. Goal achievement has been found to have&nbsp; a beneficial impact on savings motivation&nbsp;&nbsp; and can help to keep a savings mindset.&nbsp; When we achieve our short-term goals,&nbsp;&nbsp; our brains release more dopamine, which&nbsp; reinforces new behavioral patterns.&nbsp; But don't set unrealistic goals or too&nbsp; many savings targets. According to research&nbsp;&nbsp; published in the Journal of Marketing&nbsp; Research by Dilip Soman and Min Zhao,&nbsp;&nbsp; a single well-defined savings objective encourages&nbsp; higher "implementation intention" than several&nbsp;&nbsp; savings goals; in other words, it offers a&nbsp; more potent incentive for actually saving&nbsp;&nbsp; money. Celebrate your accomplishments,&nbsp; but keep your eyes on the target.&nbsp; All of this automation, tracking, and goal&nbsp; setting may still be taxing. Budgeting,&nbsp;&nbsp; pension planning, and cost-cutting are&nbsp; not exactly motivating terms. Indeed,&nbsp;&nbsp; they tend to bring to the surface the concepts&nbsp; of deprivation, sacrifice, and even unhappiness.&nbsp; So, how can we reinforce positive concepts as we&nbsp; embark on this road to transform our mindsets?&nbsp; The main rewards for saving and investing&nbsp; are generally postponed for the long term,&nbsp;&nbsp; so as you achieve short-term victories, celebrate&nbsp; them to encourage the change journey even further.&nbsp; As previously said, there is plenty of data on the&nbsp; benefits of short-term wins for habit development,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the occasional reward above and beyond&nbsp; simply completing your short-term goals&nbsp;&nbsp; can make the journey all the more delightful. Why not reward yourself with a meal out if you&nbsp;&nbsp; meet your monthly savings goal? Or buy that jacket&nbsp; you've had your eye on for a while? So long as&nbsp;&nbsp; your reward is fairly priced, it will not set you&nbsp; back significantly on your journey. In fact, it&nbsp;&nbsp; may simply encourage your newfound savings habits. That's it for the video guys! Hope this video&nbsp;&nbsp; provided great info. Press that like button if&nbsp; it did. Comment down what you learned from this&nbsp;&nbsp; video. Share the content to spread the good&nbsp; info. Subscribe to "Ring of Knowledge" for&nbsp;&nbsp; more amazing and helpful finance content that&nbsp; will put you ahead of the world! Peace Out!

- The Psychology of Spending Money: Kind: captions Language: en So, Berto, I looked up some research and some articles about spending, you know, like Mhm. when you spend or how much you save or what your psychology is regarding spending money or saving money, and I thought I would talk about it with you. What do you say, Berto? I love it. So, in today's episode, I want to go over some typologies, different kinds of spenders and savers, research. Uh I also want to talk about our biggest regret when, you know, spending, like what we regret the most having purchased. And I also want to go over the top three best things that we've ever bought. This is the the Psychology in Seattle Podcast. I'm your host, Dr. Kirk Honda. I'm a therapist and I'm also a professor. My name is Umberto Castaneda, and I am an octopus teacher. So, the average allowance for an American child is what, Berto? Mhm. It used to be five bucks. Okay. Um Wait, yours was five bucks? Uh Per week? Yeah. Wow. Is that too much? When you were in high school? When I was in high school. Yeah, maybe I could see that. Yeah. When I was when I was a 10-year-old, it was 75 cents. Although my mom stopped giving me an allowance once I got a job. Yeah, I didn't get an allowance either. But but I probably got an average of five to 10 bucks a week when I asked for it. Okay, I'm going to say $10. $15. $15? Yeah. Kids are handed $15 a week. Well, to me, that actually makes me feel kind of okay because Is that That $15 doesn't get you very far. Oh, you're right, cuz how much is a movie? Right. 20 bucks. Yeah, right. So, you can't even go to the movies. That's sad. But when I got 75 cents for every week as a kid, my older brother and sister were very angry cuz I think they literally got five cents a week or whatever. And they're not even they're only like six years old or seven years older than me. But the the and I might have told this story in another podcast before, I would have to go to my dad on Sunday and I'd be like, "Can I have my allowance?" And he would rifle through his pocket and pick out three quarters and he'd give it to me. Well, at some point, I just stopped asking, probably cuz I didn't need to spend any money on anything. And about maybe a year and a half go by, and I I calculated it out, you know, like, "Oh, actually, I kind of need some money right now cuz I wanted an Atari cartridge or something." And so I pull out a calculator and I calculate, okay, 75 cents by times what is, you know, like 70 weeks, you know, that's like that's like 50 that's like 50 bucks or something. And so I go to my dad and I have all the math. You know, because we had never established that you know, and I go to him and I I and I thought he was going to give it to me cuz cuz I just thought the math works out. And I and he said, "No, that's ridiculous. I'm not giving you that money." And I just and I thought, "Oh." I I just remember being really bummed out about that. You should have asked for it every week. Right. Most Americans get their first credit card or car loan at what age? Mhm. Well, first car loan Or or credit card. Uh 18. Right, as a teenager. Uh when did you get your first credit card? Oh, I was so frustrated, dude. I was in college at U Dub. It was my sophomore uh my freshman year. I was so frustrated I couldn't get a credit card to save my life. I went to like five different banks. You're trying to get a credit I was trying to get a credit card. Why? felt like you needed a credit card to be legit. Yeah. You know, so I would go to a bank. Yeah, this is back when you did you absolutely did not need a credit card. Right. I go to bank. I'm like, I I would like to apply for a credit card, please. Okay, fill out the form. You have been declined. Yeah. Oh, but how What if it's a small a job? I did, but they didn't care. I had no credit history. So, they would tell me, "The problem is you have no credit history." And I'm like, "But how can I have credit history if I have no credit card?" Yeah. So, finally, um there was one bank. I think it was uh I think it was Bank of America. No, it wasn't Bank of America. You would think that lack of a credit history would be a good mark on your record. Yeah. You know? Like what what does lack of a credit history Uh you know, you haven't proved that you can pay a credit card on time. But if if you if you had bad credit, I understand. But if you have lack shouldn't they just assume you're an average person? part about it is that by the time I was checking the fourth time, they're like, "You have multiple checks into your credit, and you have no credit history other than the checks into your credit." I don't get that either. Multiple checks in your credit, that's a ding. Why is that a ding? Like I I'm just kind of shopping around. Like It's totally Finally, I got my credit card. I think it was probably uh $250 limit or something. So, for me, similar similar timeline, I'm at U Dub, and I'm walking down the Ave, and there's this uh lovely college girl at this table, and she's like, "Hey, what's up?" And I'm like, "Hey, what's up?" And she says, "Uh would you like to get a 2-liter of Coke, free 2-liter of Coke?" And as a college student, I'm extremely poor, and a 2-liter of Coke would really go a long way. And so I'm like, "Free 2-liter of Coke, sign me up." Where do I sign? What do I do? She's like, "All you need to do is apply for a Discover credit card." Oh. is when Discover was kind of getting going, and I think one of the ways that they earned a lot of money was that they would just hand out credit cards, and they would I think your interest rate was like 25% or something. Really high. And I had a $2,000 limit, Berto. Holy That's a That's an amp. That's a guitar. I was Well, I was too stupid to actually invest that money, but on something like that. But I basically spent it at Denny's and on like, you know, beer and stuff. how quickly that money goes. And well, it it lasted a good maybe a year, maybe. Okay. But That's actually surprising. But maybe six months, not sure. But Yeah, it very quickly went away. Cuz that was the the first realization when I did have credit cards was I'd be like, "Wait, why is my credit card saying it's maxed out? I have spent nothing." And then I'd look at the at the thing at the bill, and I'm like, "Oh, okay, well, I did That was but that was only nine bucks. Okay, but that was only 12 bucks. Well, but that was only five bucks." And then, you know, 100 rows later. The average American spends what in interest over the course of their lifetime? Mhm. Well, you got to include your house and your Ooh. Oh, how much money or what percentage? money? Ooh, jeez. Oh, easily easily 2 million. Uh well, in the ballpark, 600,000. Okay. So, some people 2 million. Yeah. Well, I was thinking because like if you maybe I'm thinking about today, but if you buy a $500,000 house I mean, maybe Seattle, you're talking 2 million. That's true. But if you're in like Kansas That's fair. Uh tougher bluff, Berto. Men are more likely to have a budget and keep financial records. Um bluff. I'm going to go it's not gendered. It is gendered, less likely. Oh, less likely. Men are less likely, bluff. Tougher bluff, Berto. Men are more likely to feel they did a good job managing their finances. Huh. Less likely to feel. Uh more likely. Men are more likely. So, remember they they're less likely to keep a budget. they're more likely to feel they did a good job. Right. Yeah, tough. Uh bluff, no difference among genders. Darn it. But remember, men are less likely to have a budget, and that it averages out. Tougher bluff, Berto. People spend less when using cash instead of a credit card or gift certificate. Less when using cash than when using Yeah, I'm going to go tough. They spend less when using cash. True. Because of course, we've all fallen guilty to this. It hurts more. So, I I one time at work, I won a $100 Space Needle restaurant gift certificate. This was in 1990 seven or 98. Okay. Think about it. Back then, a $100 gift certificate. Yeah. And for those who don't know, Space Needle has a restaurant that spins, and you look out over the city. So, it's super expensive. And the and the and the food is notoriously bad, or at least it used to be. I didn't know because at the time I thought that like, you know, Pagliacci's was the height of cuisine, you know. Yeah. But so like to me, $100, you know. And you know, I I think I won it cuz like we were doing a thing with the octopi, and I just did the best job that day. So, I got this $100 gift I go to Seattle to spend it. I go with my date. And I'm thinking we're going to probably be able to come twice. I think I spent $150 on top of the gift On top. Right, cuz it's an expensive restaurant. And I didn't and that's at a time where I I didn't really have $150 extra to spend. I shouldn't have. But I was thinking, well, it's $100. So, yeah, totally. Right. Right, people are much more free with credit cards and gift certificates, which, you know, is part of our problem. Tougher bluff, Berto. Feeling good about spending money on someone else rather than for personal benefit is a universal response among people in both impoverished countries and rich countries. Oh. Interesting. Spending on someone else I'm maybe going to go bluff on this one. But in a weird way. Like why are there so many people in this country, that's the wealthiest country in the world, that don't feel good about social uh welfare? Yeah. So, I'm actually going to go bluff. People in poorer countries feel better about it. Uh no, it's tough. Uh it is a universal response both in the poorest countries and rich countries that people feel really good about spending money on someone else. Now, when it comes to quote unquote welfare, then you have brainwashing indoctrination about what that means, but I guess if it's your own money that you're spending it's Well, and if you're literally handing a $20 bill to someone who needs it, it doesn't matter what your political beefs are. But it's not the government doing it. Right. Uh, all right. From nerdwallet.com, an article by Amrita Jaya Kumar identified a number of different types of money spending Okay. and saving. And this is not based on research. It's just this author's own machinations. Okay. So, there's the money uh, worship people. So, you took this test, right? take this test, yes. Yeah. So, let me describe the groups. There's the money worship people, the money avoidance, the money vigilance, and the money status. So, the money worship people, they worship money and they overspend on themselves or others, and they have lots of credit and and and credit card debt. So, this is according to research most common among Americans. So, maybe this is based on some research. But anyway, so these people they think that money will solve their problems and they earn and you know, they they're trying to always trying to get money and they're always spending money. And it's like money is their god. Okay. Then you have money avoiders. These people believe that money is bad and they don't deserve it and they avoid thinking about money. I find that category to be kind of weird. Then we have money vigilance who they believe to that being frugal and saving is important and they're uncomfortable discussing money at all, actually. They just want to save it. Then you have money status people and they believe their self-worth is equal to their net worth and they take risks to make more money quickly and they buy expensive things. So, Berto, where did you score? All right. I was the first one, the money worshipers or whatever. Yeah. I was a 10. So, you're very much a money worshiper according to this test. According to this test. So, is that true that you believe that more money will solve your problems and you can never have enough money? Um, yeah. Do you overspend? I mean I mean I've got to qualify this. Of course, I am aware that money can't buy you love and all these things. But look, uh, I think this whole thing about like, oh, money just creates more problems and you know, I was better people actually would be better off if they were poor. Like, I've been poor. I've seen abject poverty that I wasn't even in, but I saw it around me and it wasn't good. It wasn't good when we couldn't repair my my grandparents' roof ever ever never. It was never repaired and finally the house was demolished. Like, that wasn't good. It wasn't good when, you know, like I almost had to quit to school because there was no money to send me to school. Like, these weren't good things. So, from my perspective it's like money solves categories of problems. Now, it doesn't make you immune to relationship issues or anything all these things. And quite frankly, as far as like could you never have enough money? Well, because I'm like a I think that you know, if I had enough money, I would spend it. I would spend it on creating new businesses, trying to do new things. So, I would personally, yes, welcome an unlimited amount of money. Yeah. So, yes, that's a money worshiper. on yourself? Well, I certainly used to, you know that. Yeah. Do you have a lot of debt? I used to. I don't anymore. Right. So, you've overcome your money worship at the negative side of it in your later years. Yes. Money avoidance, did you score high on that one? Uh, the second category, money avoidance I was an eight. So, I was pretty high on that as well, which I found to be strange. Uh, the these people uh, think that money is bad and they don't deserve it. Yep. And they avoid thinking about money. I do not relate to that. It's not like I'm always thinking about money, but I don't avoid thinking about money. In fact, I'm pretty up front about money. But I think I answered questions uh, in a way that somehow pointed that direction. Like, I I answered questions stating that I like giving money to those in need and I think that that's why they scored me high. So, are you a are you a person that avoids thinking about money? No. Yeah, I think this test was flawed. I mean, granted, um, I took it twice and the second time I scored lower. Yeah. Like so, I don't know. There was one question that Do you think that money is bad and you don't deserve it? No, I don't. Right. In fact, I'm having a hard time imagining a lot of people that would be like that. Maybe some. Yeah. Uh, money vigilance, so Money I I scored an eight. Yeah, I scored high in this as well. These people believe that being frugal and saving is important. Yeah. Uh, which I absolutely am like that. I I do believe that saving is important. And but that also says they're uncomfortable discussing money with others, which I am not. I am. I am. I tend to be. Really? Like um, I don't know if it was because of, you know, growing up it was so uncom- Yeah, that's what That's got to be it. The whole money topic was so stressful cuz I went to a private school where most kids came from wealthy families. And I always had to hear like, oh, there's some party I'm not invited to it because they're inviting the rich people. They're going to a club that they're all members in. Or there's a there's a school outing coming up and you have to have money for it. I was always like, oh, I don't have that money. And just like money was always a thing. And I was embarrassed by it. I'm like, I don't want to say that I don't have the money. Okay. So, there was that. The flip side was uh, once I started working uh, in a good profession, I don't know if you know this, but octopus experts, it pays a lot to teach octopi. So, I started making a lot Mhm. compared to my peers compared to my peers. And then I felt guilty about that. I was like, and so I didn't want to talk about it Right. cuz I was and so it's I got a lot of like little neurotic things in my head about it. Yeah, and our society doesn't help with that. Uh, then we have money status people. They believe that self-worth is equal to net worth. Did you score? Two. Yeah, I scored really low on that, too. Like, I have no I have no con- I mean, I'm sure I have some internalized connection between self-worth and net worth, but um, definitely not consciously. Uh, so, yeah. I've also seen how much luck there is in life. Right, absolutely. And and um, I grew up in a time and a community where there wasn't much awareness of class or money. I I have a feeling like everyone in the Sammamish Plateau where I grew up everyone was just kind of like lower middle class. There were we had one or two friends who were obviously richer. Like, there this friend of mine, Steven, he he lived in this huge house that had this It just looked It looked like the White House, you know? Literally it looked like that and it had a whole wing to the house that you could access through this one door and there were like, you know, five bedrooms in this other wing of the house. god. And he had ATVs. Oh my god. You know, he had all these toys that he had. Yes. And but he was like one guy. Like, all the rest of us, you know, the the hundreds of other kids I grew up with I don't remember any I don't remember feeling any difference drastic difference between our our wealth. And or people I don't think flaunted it in the '70s and '80s the in in suburbia. yeah. You know, now I feel like maybe it's just a Seattle thing or America thing or something, but I feel like there's a lot more signaling of look at me, look at how rich I am, you know? Like, the idea the idea of someone who's rich like say, you know, a moderately rich not like a Jeff Bezos, but like a moderately rich person that lives on Capitol Hill or in, you know, in one of the nice neighborhoods in Bellevue. Uh, uh, the idea that they wouldn't drive around in an obviously expensive car would be ridiculous, right? Yeah, and I mean, it seems like that started to be fair, it's always been with humans, but there's definitely a trend in the '80s to glorify Right. money and wealth. But I think for the average suburbanite there wasn't that compulsion, you know? People still thought more practically of like, well, why would you spend that much amount of money on a car? It does It's not It's not practical. at what point it crossed over from, yes, I'll watch lifestyles of the rich and famous, but I'm not going to like enact these things in my life to oh, I better start enacting these things. Right. So, our society if you look at our society, it's quite clear that over the past 100, 200 years, there's been an increase in materialism that has become really quite pronounced lately. Goes in waves, right? Because like the roaring '20s, I think were very Yeah, certainly you had the depression which puts a crimp in people's spending habits, but certainly since the depression, there's been an ever-increasing keeping up with the Joneses signaling of your wealth. I also think you know, very like in growing up in Colombia, Colombia was a highly stratified society like most of South America because it started that way, you know, from the con- from the conquest it was always a stratified society and it was a an explicitly stratified society where you knew at the at the highest level who what kind of people were there? Second level, who you know, and so forth. Um and and I think that carried forward. So, there was always a lot of awareness of social status and you know, what what area of the city you live in and you know, what club you belong to. Like that was a Um so, I actually did grow up with the flaunting. And oh, and if you had a Mercedes-Benz, man. But the I'm guessing in Bogota, the Mercedes-Benz class was like the top 1%. Oh. Less, yeah. But in modern suburban America, I feel like everyone as thinks and tries Yeah, yeah, yeah. to be in the Mercedes-Benz class. That's fair. And once they have enough money, they absolutely will Yeah. act as if they're in the Mercedes-Benz class, you know what I mean? Um whereas when I was growing up, I feel like people were more practical. I I feel like I I I I I I I Well, my parents. I'm really thinking about my parents. They didn't seem to care that much about the signaling of wealth and would if there's a correlation between people not caring about the size of shorts with signaling about wealth. Well, correlation causation, obviously causation. All right, cnbc.com, a uh article written by Ken Honda. Ooh. Uh whom I don't know, but apparently we're at least at least some far back related. Um for those out there who don't know, Honda is an extremely common name in Japan. Uh the so, they have the following different types. They have the compulsive spender. Mhm. This Okay, sorry. The compulsive compulsive spender, compulsive saver. Okay. The compulsive money maker. So, the compulsive saver is very frugal. Mhm. Compulsive spender, they spend, you know, things that they don't need. been there. Compulsive money maker is uh and this is interesting that when I was reading all these different typologies, I would have thought there'd be this this dimension between saving and spending. But there's this other dimension of making money. of making money. You know, cuz some people cuz you might be a person who Well, let's let's sort of explore the I'll just put this aside. You have you you know, you might save a lot and make a lot. Right. You might not be that much into making money, but you like to spend a lot. But if you like to make a lot of money and spend a lot, then you're okay. So, you know, but there's a cost to that because if you're compulsive money making, you're going to sacrifice your relationships. If you are compulsive saver, you're not going to have a lot of fun in life. Compulsive spender, you're going to go into a lot of debt. So, where where do you lie, Roberto? Oh, right. I've been at different categories, for sure. Um so, and I've seen people that were in different categories that were my friends. Uh when I started out, I started out uh when I mean when I mean started out When I started working by myself and and all these things, I definitely started as a compulsive spender who didn't make a lot. Yeah, I've heard a lot of these stories. Mostly off the air. Yeah. And it really blows my mind. This was like But but it kind of makes sense. I mean, you're 27. And I've grown up without the ability of having money. Yeah. And your bills are pretty small because you live like a 20-year-old. Right. So, I'm working cleaning carpets. I I'm working at McDonald's, then cleaning carpets. These kind of things. So, I'm not making like big bucks, but to me, they're definitely big enough. were a compulsive spender even back then. Oh, yeah, yeah. Even when you were earning like not so great money. Yes. That's what I'm saying. I started off as spending too much and not making a lot. Did you go into debt really right right away or did you just never have money to like pay rent or something or I was uh not exactly into too much debt yet because but I was I was one of these people that was always manipulating, always like um like moving the chess pieces like Monopoly player, where it's like, "Okay, I can buy this because I know that my uh tuition loan comes on Monday. So, I'm going to use that to pay off this part of the credit card. And then I'll probably make enough money you know, like doing these kind of little haggles with myself. It worked as in I never like went under, but you know, it was stressful. And and so then I would spend a lot of money. I wouldn't be making a lot of money. Then what happened was I started making more money. And at first, I went for about 2 years of making more money and not spending and saving. So, it was good. I was like, "Ooh, saving money. Yeah. Ooh, I'm investing and Oh, and this is also when the stock market was good and I was making money. I was like, "Ooh, I'm making money. I'm saving money." Was that like dot com times? Yeah. And everyone's a genius, you know? It's like you can't go wrong, right? Yeah. So, I'm like, "Ooh, I'm I'm a genius stock trader and I'm making good money and I'm not spending money. Yay!" Um then right around 2000, first of all, stock goes away and then I'm making more money and then I'm like, "Gosh darn it, I'm entitled to a good life, you know?" And that's when the dark demons really start showing up. And that's when I start heading down the hill. Now, I was I'd say I was the make money and spend money. De- demons of what? The compulsion demons to try to fill the holes in my life with purchases. So, you know, it was as you know, for me, it was clothing and mostly clothing at the time and then it started becoming musical equipment as well. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, to give people a taste of what you're talking about, uh what's the most expensive microphone that you bought? Oh, well, back then not much. Eventually, uh five grand. Right. Yeah. So, a really good microphone that you can use in a professional setting could cost $1,000, 1,500. You're spending $5,000 on a microphone that I'm quite positive you would not be able to tell the difference between it and a sounded pretty good in our in our missionary album. Placebo though, you know what I mean? And there's nothing that a little EQ couldn't adjust for. uh the $4,900 mic and it sucked. Yeah. Uh what about something what what No, no, but but You've already told us story about the the jacket. Harrods story. But you got to tell us another story. you the Harrods. So, my very first trip to England, it was for work. And I 30 years old at this point? No, I'm younger. I'm in my 20s. Okay. And I show up in England and I had a really bad stomach flu. I had this horrible fever and stuff. But when I recovered, I decided to treat myself. Cuz first of all, I think I had ruined one of my shirts cuz I had, you know, Oh. thrown up. And No, it was really bad. It was like the whole This is that story of the whole 8-hour flight from Miami to London. I was in convulsions and fever and like food poisoned. Oh my god. was terrible. Okay. But I feel better and I'm like, "I'm going to treat myself. I'm going to go buy myself like a new shirt, buy myself." And I hear London's got good clothing. So, I I hear about a place called Harrods. And I didn't know it was like this famous thing, but they're like, "Yeah, you should go to Harrods." Oh, it's famous? It's a famous place in London. It's Stay Stay Stay Stay Stay Stay fancy. It was really cool. I go there and I start small at first. I'm like, "Well, I should go find a new shirt." But then everything looks so different and stuff. Wait, Harrods is a clothing store? Like they got everything, including clothing. Isn't it a casino as well? Har- Harrah's. Harrods. Harris. Harrods is a casino. Oh, Harrods is like a store store. store. Oh, okay. Yeah. And so, I go there and I start like looking and then, you know, the I start getting that whole thing about, "Ooh, I'm here. I might as well I might as well show these people that I am a legitimate person and make a lot of money and I should show them this by spending a lot of money. And now the clerk that's helping me, I can't let them down. I need to show them that I'm a serious buyer with a serious cash flow Were you also trying to represent America a little bit? sure. You throw it all in. So, I I start racking up the things. I start racking up the things. Uh one of the things I bought there, by the way, I still have and I love. You know my my big overcoat that was that thick black wool overcoat that I used to hang my missionary pin on? I would wear it to our gigs. Is it sort of grayish? Grayish, dark gray. That was a amazing purchase. I still have it. That was bought there. But I also bought, you know, $1,000 shoes here. And it was in pounds, too, so it was actually worse. Yeah. Bought shirts, stuff. Dude, in the end, I spent uh five like close to 5,000 lb. Pounds. That's like seven grand. Like $7,000, which I definitely didn't have. It was all credit. All credit. On clothes. On clothes. Were you thinking, "How am I going to transport this back home?" Because this is like a whole other piece of luggage. I didn't even know that I had to pay taxes on that stuff. You had to pay taxes when you get to the States. didn't know that. to claim it. Couldn't you just say that you had it already or did you did I You could. I don't remember what I said. I I made it Maybe I didn't claim all of it. I had to pay taxes, though. Yeah. Either way, I don't know what happened. I got home and I was like, "Oh my god. I've spent a fortune in in these clothes, you know?" Yeah. Why? Well, so I I think that for me, one of the things that happened growing up is I I literally never had the ability to go to a store. You know how, "Hey, it's back to school. Let's go to the mall. Let's pick out some" That never happened. Right. I couldn't go to the store to buy clothes. What would happen is my mom would send me clothes from the United States. They would arrive and it'd be like some t-shirts she picked out which were neat and stuff and some shoes. And of course it was cool, but I like I never had a say in the matter. And while I was there if like my shorts tore or my shirt tore, like I didn't really that was it. Like I'd have to wait for the next delivery or something. Okay. And then when I moved up here even in high school, my mom was still micromanaging this whole thing for the first 2 years I think. So, she would buy me my clothes. And finally like when I started working I'm like, what is happening? Like I should have some agency. And I think I something inside of me connected clothes buying to having self-determination, to being independent from my mom, to like not being beholden to my dad's dysfunction. So, I think I I put a lot of things into this. Yeah, comfort. Yeah. Safety even. Like me buying my own clothes makes me feel safer. Mhm. Whereas in reality I was making myself more unsafe by the financial burden. But Ironically. That's how things like that work sometimes. And then you had a whole number of years where it was Oh, this wasn't the end of it. This was if anything the the sad beginning. Yeah, it would be in spurts. It would happen and it was just like in the movies. Like, "Oh gosh, I've done it again." You know, like it was a breakdown. I would be fine for Yeah, cycle months and then all of a sudden I I'd go to the mall to buy something unrelated and I'd walk by one of those really fancy super expensive overpriced stores and I'd be like, "It doesn't hurt to look." So, when you would go into the store, uh so I'm thinking similar to like heroin addiction or gambling addiction, sex addiction, something. You're walking by the store and you're like, "Well, you know, I won't spend too much. I'll just I'll I'll just want to see. I won't buy anything. I'll just look." And there's the two voices that I've talked about which is there was a a clearly distinct voice in my head going justifying it all. Like, "No, you're just going in to look." Like, "Oh, you can't look now?" And there was another distinct quieter voice going, "You just had a bad problem a couple months ago. Like just just You don't need any clothes." So, you look at something and you're like, "Hmm, this is pretty good." Um do you look at the Do you look at the price tag at that point? I think I did surreptitiously, but part of me felt guilty for looking at the price tags cuz I'm like, "I should I shouldn't care about the price tag." Were you concerned about people looking at you at the time? Yeah. So, you're thinking, "Ah, the sales people are probably looking at me." Yeah. Maybe they're even standing right near. Yeah. And I'm not going to I'm not going to stoop to their level and look at the price tag. course not. Cuz what's What I need them to understand is how powerful of an individual I am. Yeah. Powerful? Oh, yeah. Power. Power. I want them to know that I'm not just some little kid from Colombia who's got no money. Like, no. I'm a big important guy now. important honcho. I can afford whatever. I'll buy this whole store right now. Is that what you want me to do? Like angry. Angry. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Kind of angry at them. Like they were those rich kids that were that were discriminated against you when you Oh, you don't think I can afford this? Yeah. Cuz it kind of comes across that way, right? When the workers at the rich stores they feel like they're rich. It looks that way. They They look that way. aren't actually. They're working for minimum Well, not minimum, but whatever wage. Yeah. Some commissions. But anyway, so then you buy the thing. So, you don't look at the price. You bring it up to the cashier. I'm not done. Because I pick one thing out and the the clerk says, "You know what would go really nicely with that shirt." Cuz that's cuz they're sales people. back three pants. And you'll be like, "Well, I can't I can't show them that I can't that I can't afford say, "Well, these pants go well with these. These don't so much." And they'll say, "Ah, but check out this shirt with these other pants." And I'm like, "Ooh, actually I I like sales people know the type. Yeah. This is a whale. Yeah. Yeah. This is someone who has a problem with spending. I know how to At least implicitly I think they do. Because that's kind of weird. Like yeah, those pants don't go with that shirt, but what about this other shirt like I don't think anyone's ever said that to me. And not only that because then there's the belt and there's the shoes and there's the jacket. Yeah. And uh you have you like you're naked and you don't have any clothes. Yeah. Like you need you need you need a whole set of clothes. loved it. I loved it in the moment. I was like, "Yeah." Like the attention. Oh, yeah. Like the assumption that you There was also honestly there was also a self-image thing of like, "You know what? If I cuz I saw that mannequin on the way in. If I look like that after I'm done buying these things, man, think about it. My life will change." In what way? Well, people will be like, "Oh my gosh, look how cool Bernardo is." And like, you know, women will be like, "Ah, that's the man I want in my life." And and men will be like, "We need to follow this guy." You know? And I mean I'm only slightly exaggerating. Obviously none of these conversations explicitly went on I mean I I I don't think I don't think anyone I think everyone can relate on some level. Especially maybe when we're younger and you look at a a snazzy outfit that's expensive and and you you just think like, "Man, if I was wearing that thing, forget about it. Like lights out, you know? Turning heads." Um There were even things I'm sure built in about I remember that time I asked that girl out in eighth grade and I know how she reacted negatively. But she wouldn't have if I was wearing Yeah, and I think that's particular I mean I don't maybe that's a middle school thing, but I remember being extremely conscious of clothes when I was in middle school. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And it's almost like everything else is secondary to your clothes. Yeah. Your the the your face, your hair. Well, and it was real in in I do remember this in junior in um yeah, like the the seventh through ninth grade. I really remember this. In Colombia especially. Accessories and clothing really mattered cuz I I would notice someone came in and they were wearing a new little watch thing, a Swatch for example. And see I would get a little lucky because my mom would send me a Swatch and then I'd be wearing a Swatch and then I'd be kind of cool for 5 minutes. But someone else would walk in with the other thing and it's like and there was attention paid to those things. A Trapper Keeper, right? Like, "Ooh, where'd you get that Trapper Keeper?" Right. And um so there were that was in in a way a real thing. Yeah. Anyway, so yeah. And so then after the clerk is done presenting me all these things. So, are you feeling like euphoric at this point? I'm on a high. And terrified. Cuz what's happening inside is there's a voice absolutely a a little voice continuously screaming. Like it's actually not screaming. It's actually really calm which is the funny thing. It's going, "I don't think you should do this. I think you don't need these clothes. Can we talk about this?" But the other voice is the one really loud going, "Stop it. Stop it. We're doing this. We're doing this. Stop it. We can do this. Why shouldn't we do this? We deserve this." Yeah. And then what ends up happening is after the clerk is done showing me these things. So, is it part also of the salesperson going like, "Huh, wow, this guy I mean you you you imagine in their head they're thinking this this guy's buying more than all the other customers that came in today." And absolutely. And therefore, I wonder if they're actually famous. Maybe I missed the fact that they're famous. And you're thinking that you're kind of imagining that's what's going on in their head. Like maybe the clerk thinks I'm a rock star. Yeah. So, you know. of hold yourself a little little little better, higher higher chance? around, you know, we're like, "Ah, this would be cool at the next party." Like whatever, you know, whatever BS. Yeah. Oh, really you would say things like don't know what I But But I'm just in general, yes, I'm feeling This will be great on stage when I'm with Beyoncé. Probably, right? Like I'm I'm feeling like this is changing my life. And but I don't actually say, "Okay, thank you for showing me these things. I'm going to go with this shirt and maybe that belt." I say, "I'll take it all." Give or take. I rarely turn down things because part of the equation was I want them to know that I'm that I'm I'm the guy in Pretty Woman walking back into the store saying, "Oh, you don't think I can Oh, I'm going to take the whole thing." You know? Yeah. Like it's so like you have so much money that even know how rich I am. It doesn't even matter if it's if you need it or not. It's like who cares? It's just It's another $200. course that voice is going like, "You realize you don't have this money." Yeah. And And in my I was like, "What are you talking about? I I am going to pay for it. So, if I don't have the money, how am I going to pay for it?" Like, "You're not You're putting it on a credit card that might actually get declined. So, let's cross our fingers here." Would that ever happen? Um I mean talk about a buzzkill. I don't remember it actually happening cuz the thing is I was a I was a master money manipulator to myself. So, I would move things around just so it so I would scrape by the chinny chin chin. Meanwhile, interest is building up. And what would happen is I was making a lot of money, too. So, I would pay it off. Okay. So, the Well, this is the Okay. This is the other thing that fed the beast. So, you're both a money maker and a kind of a compulsive it to myself. And when if if someone called me on it, I'd be like, Well, tell me this. So, let's say you actually didn't make that much money. Would you have maybe faked credit cards or Yeah, I think I would have gone down a darker hole maybe. I don't know. Like taking a credit card in someone else's name. Well, I don't know. Probably not. No. I'm not a criminal. Not pay rent. No. No. Actually, that's not true. No, because I had opportunities like that and I didn't ever do anything like that. So, your compulsive a problem It always stopped at the point of truancy. Of destruction. But You you might harm a lot of people on the way. Harm and and I was harming my future. Right. Because then it got it got worse and worse to the point where my little finagling with money was now not like $5,000, it was 40,000. When you got the stuff home, were you like, "Yeah." Or were you like, "Uh" No, the high wore off within maybe sometimes the same day, definitely by the next day. I was like And I was always like, "Maybe I should return some stuff." Cuz things never look as good when you got them home. Well, and even if they do, it's like But now I have the reality of what I've spent. Yeah. But I never returned anything until that jacket. Right. Until the famous infamous jacket that I finally returned and was the beginning of my healing with the clothes stuff. Which by the way, you are going to tell that full story at our 13th anniversary show on August 7th, Saturday. We are doing a 13-hour YouTube live stream. And we asked the listeners to nominate 13 of their favorite stories of Umberto. Umberto's going to tell that one cuz he's told that one a few times. Yep. And so join us on YouTube at 10:00 a.m. Seattle time till 11:00 p.m. Seattle And I'm going to tell a bonus story which is the the Miami one. Oh, bonus story. Bonus story. And Berto's going to Berto's writing songs that he's going to play. Yep. And we're going to you're going to be here, so you're going to have to give me a thumb drive or something. Yeah, yeah. And we're going to have our top 13 lists. Yeah. Uh do you want me to look up the lists that I have here? So we're going to do the following 13 lists. We're going to do Uh wait, what are the 13 lists? Do I have my 13 lists? I have them. I have them. Did Did I Did I lose them? I could send them to you. Uh wait, where are my 13 lists? Oh, 13th Anyway, who knows? I can't remember. But thrilling. But wait, now I'm freaking out because this is my notes and I should have to your students. I should have the list, but I have Uh um This is terrible podcasting by the way. Oh, I have a whole bunch of stuff. Okay, okay, okay, it's right here. I I Okay, it is random facts. So we have our top 13 random facts. Things considered bad luck Uh we have You're going to do one-hit wonders. I'm going to do relationships and 90-day fiance. when you say one-hit wonders, you mean music one-hit wonders. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Uh we're going to do our top Kirk Berto episodes. Movies that made us cry. Ways to touch platonically, which was These were all suggested by the listeners, by the way. Uh movie TV villains. Yeah, I'm looking forward to that. Song lyrics. Yes. TV shows, documentaries, sci-fi movies, favorite moments of you and I together, and Star Wars characters. Nice. We're going to do Berto's stories. We're going to do Q&A. And like before, all this variety is going to make the time suspiciously go very fast. I know. Do you remember how like last year we were like, "Wait a minute, we can't be halfway done." Well, so what's weird, Berto, is you know, we've been recording now, we you know, we're on our second episode tonight and we've been recording now for like 3 hours straight. Yeah. And that's a pretty good chunk of a of 13 hours. And it doesn't feel like it's been that long. Right. So just times this times about 4.2 and we're we're we're we're all all Yeah, I will say that our 12-hour podcast last year by by hour 10, my brain was seriously like starting to die. Anyway, um okay, so in this article they talk about compulsive savers, which you are not. They talk about compulsive spenders, which you used to be. Compulsive money makers, which were you or were you just Did you just fall into a field that made a lot of money? I fell into a field. I I was not a compulsive money maker. I know compulsive money makers. What do they look like? Uh this person in particular, whom you know, at the age of 15, well, you know of anyways. At the age of 15 was selling his own homemade baklava at Society of Creative Anachronism events. He would cart them in, he would sell them, and he was making bucks. And then at the age of like 16 started selling Magic the Gathering cards, making a nice thing, and became like the biggest distributor in the Northwest and blah blah. they were always looking for ways to make money. so they when they are in the shower and their mind is free to wander, they go to how can I squeeze as much money in the shortest amount of time as possible. Yeah. You I have a friend that's like this, too, and you know him as well. And he same story. In high school he uh would sell So he would go to Bellevue Square, the mall and he would sell knockoff perfume to the sales people. Oh. So he would walk in Knockoff to the He would walk into Nordstrom and walk up to the sales people and sell to them. Wow. He would sell knockoff like, you know, Drakkar Noir and and stuff like that like at you know, it was like like 20% the price. Let me ask you, was was knockoff perfume a thing back when we were coming up? I don't know. Because I now remember that in high school I bought knockoff cologne from someone in high school. I don't I have a I mean I I don't know. We're not young people right now, but I have a feeling that in the '80s there were there were like scents that were like really really distinctive and if you had it, people thought it was a status symbol. I feel like today people don't recognize scents at least in my world as well. But I remember like Obsession was a big one, Drakkar Noir, uh Fendi Chanel No. 5, Chanel and if if you had especially Obsession, I remember that one. I and I remember instantly I was like, "Oh, that's Obsession right there." Was that a guy or a girl thing? Oh, both, but but I think mainly a girl thing. But um but yeah, so so this friend of mine would was always doing I remember I would look at him, I'd be like, "That That job sounds absolutely miserable." But it was good. But he's like, "But dude, you know, I'm I'm I'm moving, I'm shaking. It's all dependent on my work. I don't have to I don't just do work and get paid minimum wage. Like if I work harder, I get paid more." Yeah. And I'm getting better. And then it fast forward another couple years and he's working some other angle. And you fast forward another couple years and he's working some other angle. Fast forward another couple years and he owns his business. Fast forward another couple years and Yeah, so I feel like some people have that compulsion. Now Where where the the passion is less to do with the thing they're doing and more with the money it's bringing in. Right, the the number in the bank account. It's it's not They're not doing something necessarily that's meaningful to them. It's more just accumulation. Yeah. And I'm not saying it's bad. No, and it's a skill. Yeah, it's a skill. Yeah, as long as then that's the whole thing about all this is like you can be a you can be a compulsive saver but the key is is are you getting your needs met? And that's what I want to talk about with everyone right now, which is it's okay to be very much a saver. It's okay to be a compulsive spender. It's You could It's okay to be a compulsive money maker. But the key is is is it interfering with your life and your relationships? Are you so obsessed with making money that you're not focusing on your other needs like exercise and Um or do you have a balance? You know, that's okay. Um the other types of people that Can Honda writes about on CNBC is the indifferent to money people. These are people who rarely think about money. Then we have the saver/splurger. These people save save save save save, splurge. Save save save save save, splurge. Have you ever heard anyone like that? Uh well, I mean I kind of did that, too, because I would go through cycles like I said. And so I had it this thing where the savings would burn a hole in my little in my figurative pocket. And so I would I would be like, "Good, good, good, good, save, save, save." And then I'd get excited. I'm like, "Ooh, look, money's accumulating." And then I'm like, "Uh the levee's going to break." Yeah. So I did have that, too. Um I guess I am my own example in that sense, but uh I'm sure that there are even worse ones. Then we have the gambler. These people will gamble their money away for the purpose of escaping their own boredom. Okay, I I not done that, but I have gambled money for the purpose of trying to uh fix my life, you know, get more money quickly. Really? Yeah. And what gambling uh So I don't Are we going to do the worst thing ever, the worst Well, you might as well, we're on the topic. So in 2008 first let's take a break. We get back, let's get into it, what do you say? Let's do it. So Berto, if you were a clerk, a salesperson in one of these high-end clothing stores and you were going to convince a young Berto to become a patron of the podcast, what would you sound like? Hi. Oh my gosh, look at your cheekbones. I haven't seen a structure like that in I don't know how long. Do you know what would really accent those cheekbones? Let me show you this shirt. Now, granted, this shirt is sort of on our lower end of stuff and you're totally entitled to buy it if you'd like. I won't judge you. But if you really want them to come out, I would go more towards this side of our aisle. This is the clothing that the people that walk out of here everyone knows that they're winners. And on the other side of the aisle is something even better. If you become a patron of the Psychology in Seattle podcast, it comes with a free outfit with a jacket, shirt, pants, belt, and shoes. And all you have to do, in addition to becoming a patron, is pay 40 grand. That's all. And everyone will know what a winner you Let's do some OPPs, old patron praise, for uh some old patrons that have been OPP with us the whole time. There are some familiar names in this uh batch, or at least one. This goes back to March 2017. So, these are people who became a patron all the way back in March 2017 and have stuck with stuck with us the entire time. Yikes. We have Diane from Boise, Idaho. I never know I never know if it's Boise or Boise. I think it's Boise. Boise Then we got Janine, who doesn't give us where they're from. What? We got Diana from Conc- Concord, Massachusetts. Concord, right? It's not Concord. Concord. It's Concord? Concord, Massachusetts. We have Easy as 1 2 3. We have Dara from I'd IS. What's IS? The country IS. Is no uh Istanbul, not Constantinople. Let me look it up. IS country code. IS Well, so so IS is IS. Do you know what I mean? So, maybe if I put it in quotes, IS. Uh still nothing. We just know we have no idea where where that person's from. Um where am I? Okay, then we have Katie from California. California dreaming. We have Shannon from Franklin, Tennessee. T- t- t- Tennessee We have Steven from California. We have We have Bernie from God knows where. We have Karen from HK. HK H- HK Oh, I know this one. HK to HK. Or I went through a Oh, Hong Kong. Oh, never mind. I didn't travel to HK. Uh Hong Kong. And then we have uh we have Ed. The famous Mr. Ed? Famous Ed, who is an even more deserving listener from Oceanside, New York. Woo! Go to the fan page for his wonderful support and personality. Well, he's got an attitude though. East Coast attitude. And then we have A- it's just a series of lower case A from Boulder, Colorado. Nice. We have Cooper from Louisiana. Mhm. So, thank you Diane, Janine, Diana, Dara, Katie, Shannon, Steven, Bernie, Karen, good old Ed, and Cooper for being a patron with us this whole time. Aw. So, uh we have your story about gambling. All right, man. Year is 2008. Not a good year to gamble. It we can attribute it to FOMO, okay? Let's just call it FOMO. I I was in a mode where I desperately wanted to become wealthy quickly. Why? Because I was tired of working for a living and Oh. I just wanted to You want to retire early and become like a musician. That's right. So, I had just heard about these things called uh options trading. Oh god. And I was Really? I don't I don't think I've heard this story before. And I'm like, "Really? Options trading, what's that?" Who told you about this? Dean. You know Dean, my ex-roommate Dean. How did he know about it? He had been looking into it. The difference is he didn't do it. He's like, "Not only that, do you know that you can trade on margin?" Now, I knew about margin and I knew how it was risky. But this I was like, "Okay, so here's what I can do. I can go online and without putting any money down, I can make a bet that the stock for this company is going to go up or down. Let's say I'm going to go online and bet that it's going to go down. Or go go up, either way. So, I'm going to bet that it's going to go down. I I I I've I've never heard this story. I'm terrified. Right. And like listen, if it if it makes the prediction or or exceeds it, if it makes the prediction, break even. If it beats it, I stand to make a ton of money. Like how much money we talking? I can make a couple hundred thousand. Like in one day? In one day. Oh my god. And there's the small problem that if it doesn't Come on. I'll lose a little bit of How much? Not much. Uh 40,000. Wait. You're betting 40,000 to get 100,000? To get 140,000? it's not the way it works. The way it works is you're betting that the stock is not going to do one thing, you're betting it's going to go do the other thing. Technically, I could lose way more than 40,000. I- if So, are you you're committing yourself, right? You're committing yourself that it's going to do one thing and if it does, you'll make money. And depending how much of it it does. If it goes up a lot, you could make god-awful amounts of But if it goes the other direction, god-awful amounts of money. You owe that. Yeah, you owe that. Like you do you have to put that money up first or No, you don't. That's the problem. You just you just go in and it's free essentially. So, without providing collateral at all, Yeah. you can just commit yourself to this bet Yeah. that you might owe $200,000 on and not have the money for Or a million if you let it ride. And and you don't even have you don't even have that money. You don't have that money. Sounds like something that should be regulated by the federal government. Right? Right? Well. So, I go in, put my bet. One day later, I'm down 40 grand. Oh my god. It's like Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Tell me the feeling when you check that. You check the numbers and you're like, I I wish I could tell you that I was devastated, but I was in such a compulsive high at the time that I justified it mentally. I was like, "Well, you win some, you lose some. I knew it was a gamble. I guess, you know, it's fine." Did Dean know about it? Oh, I told him. But I don't know if I told him the amount though. No, I couldn't have told him the amount. That was too embarrassing. Did you tell anyone the amount? Yeah. Yeah. but man, and it was all alone. And I knew you at this time. take a loan, you know. You had to take a loan to pay that off. yeah. Oh, you've never told me this before. It was the same Is this a is this a is this another layer of the shame onion that you just have we've gotten to a point right because it was but it was the during the same time me some pretty awful stories. You haven't told me this one. Well, it was during the same time that I lent all that money. Yeah, but that's different, you know, when you lent cuz you lent money to your cousin. was definitely the worst of it. This was the Cuz this is like a dumb choice. This is going to the casino and betting on one of the green ones. Without having the money in your pocket. And not having the money. And then taking a loan from a bank to pay that to pay that bet. Did you ever make money on shorts on that? No. No. No. No. No. Oh my god. No, I So, was that was it is that your only foray into that? Yeah. Oh my god. Yeah. So, it was um So, you had you got burned and you're just like, I got burned. And you're like, "I'm never doing that again." Now, I mean, since then I became wiser and careful and don't never gamble again with things I didn't have. So, the so the problems let let me let me analyze you. The the founda- the foundational problem was you were and this is a conscious thing, you were in a job that you didn't want to be at for the rest of your life. You also were at sort of the tail end of your potential music stardom years. You're in your mid-30s and you're thinking, "This is my last chance." You know, you don't see 45-year-old famous musicians. Well, they they are, but that's because they became famous at 20 and they're still famous. Or they're a jazz player or something. And here's my chance. So, and I and I I'm my job requires 60 hours a week of work. I can't be Right. And I just don't want to be locked down for someone else's business. I want to do my own stuff. I need out and I don't see a way out. And so, I and then you're look you know, your radar's up. Dean tells you about this thing and you're like, you're you need it to be true. You need it to be uh Very very likely. You know, Dean tells you when you know, Dean absorbed the same data and he's like, "Well, I'm not doing that. That's crazy talk. But you absorb it and you're like, well, this could work. Take my money. And I need it to work. And so I need to not I need to be in denial of the fact that it might not work because I I'm so desperate for something to work. Sprinkle in there a little bit of narcissism and a general lifestyle of of denial that your parents kind of modeled for you as well. And you're off to the races. Well, and let's make it worse because see, all things everything else being equal, if this had been the one thing I did in that year, it was my one super response I basically went to Vegas and I lost 40 grand, right? That's bad enough. Like that's like that's bad enough. But this was in the context of I was unemployed cuz I had quit on purpose. So I was bringing no money in. I was burning through savings. I had just lent more than that on on wild-ass investments. And well, to your cousin. No, more than that. I had I had invested into a movie. You invested in a movie? What movie How can Have I heard about Yeah, I think I told you that one. Oh. I put $25,000 into a documentary. What kind of documentary? About uh electronic music scene. And you thought that would make your money back? It it's just so dumb. I was at the W and the guy was pitching me the thing and And you're drinking. That sounds amazing. And remember, I'm a powerful super billionaire. I'm the most powerful person in the planet, maybe in the solar system. So, I'm going to make your dreams come true cuz I'm that person that can do it. Yeah, you told me that it's like they never finished the documentary. the documentary. He He basically just walked away with the money and and just put it up his nose probably. I don't know, but I spent 25 grand on that. And I lent went up his nose, right? I mean a relative 40 grand. Yeah, to to your relative, right? relative. Knowing that you probably would never see it come back to you. Uh no, that's not what Well, maybe inside I knew that's not what I I didn't do it and I it was supposed to be a loan, a a real loan with a signed papers and everything. It you know, we had signed papers, there was an interest rate, everything. I also um I had spent all that money on producing an album that I've still never finished, right? And I was buying a lot of music equipment. So, keep in mind, this isn't just 40 grand and that was the height of No, no. I spent Yeah, I knew you that I knew an ungodly amount of money. I knew you at this time and I thought of you as a very rich person. Right. How could you not? Yeah. But what was actually happening is I was going into massive debt. You had the sweetest recording setup, right? You had like these panels our live shows at that time. You had like all this gear that you would bring. Yeah. And I And I was like unemployed How could I do this on like Of course, no. It was unfortunately me Was it denial that it wasn't going to work Was it Well, sorry. Was it a a desperate fantasy that everything was going to work out? I need this to work cuz I cuz I have this I I I find that this conceptualization often is true. I don't know if it's true for you that when we are so desperate for something to be true, we will convince ourselves that it is true. Yeah, of course. Look, I I convinced myself my uncle was going to pay me back that money and in the process, I was going to make more interest back than I was than I was getting paying the bank. But the desperation was fueled by I can't live the meaning of my life unless this is true. And and you know, I'll just be another I'll just be another deadbeat corporate goon if this doesn't work. Right. This movie I invested in, I'm definitely going to make a ton of money from it cuz it's going to be famous. But more than that, that producer name on the on the film is going to be me. And uh this album I'm recording is going to make me famous anyways. And this equipment I'm buying even though I'm spending all this money on an album is so I can record myself and that's going to make me famous, too. It like it was just all one on top of the other. Yeah. And so in my mind, any one of these gambles was too much. Any one of these. But I did all of them. Was that the breaking point? Cuz this is well after the jacket. No, my clothing Luckily, by this point I was no longer addicted to clothes. Yeah, but in some ways clothes was less of an expense than this. Exactly. Exactly. I don't know how bad clothes could have gotten, but I will say this got worse. Yeah. The breaking point I I I I do remember what happened. I remember when your breaking point was, but I don't remember This is what happened, man. I I stared at myself and I feel like quite literally and I said, wait a minute. You're going to end up like your father. Oh. What is your exit plan? Are you planning to declare bankruptcy and move in with your mom at 35? Like, what do you What's your exit plan? Cuz this is what your dad did. Because the uh you know, we're looking at a snippet in time, but the prospective fantasy spending was getting progressively worse. progressively worse. Like before the 25 grand, there was a 5 grand thing. a manic like episode of me going crazy over a a period of a few months. Yeah, but but it wasn't the first time you had done stuff like that. It was like Oh, and by the way, we're not talking I did all these things that I just described literally was from like December to March. Right. Okay. But what happened roughly by April or May is I had this very serious conversation with myself where I said, no. I am not ending up like this. And what I decided I decided two things. One was I am handing off control of money to someone else. Right. And I found someone I could trust and I said, I which is a crazy thing in itself, but I said, look, I need you to take the reins right now. Yeah. Number one. Number two, I said, I don't care where I work. I'm going to get a job. Yeah. And I'm going to start working again. And I started interviewing and I spent like it was a full-time job trying to get a job because this was during the freaking financial meltdown and I interviewed so much. I got told no so much. I spent 9 months trying to get a job. Yeah, I remember this time for you and I was impressed at how mature the match the the amount of maturation you did in the span of like 2 weeks was phenomenal. I remember we were having all these conversations about this at the time. I didn't hear about that that 40 grand you lost in one day in the stock market, but I knew about all the other stuff and I also knew about your general accu you know, the accumulation of all the gear and just the the sort of properties that you had, you know what I mean? And within a very short amount of time, I'm no longer like that anymore. I have this new thing. And you were like it was like the pendulum had swung and you'd become like frugal. Yeah. You were you were at this point, you know, we would go out and you'd be like, I don't know if I can afford that. Yeah, it's crazy. Like and I remember like, who is this guy? this guy? Yeah. I remember that actually exchanged. I do remember that because something like with the with the with the clothes, I had a a moment of clarity, right? Like and something flipped in my brain. And and anyone who's had these addiction things knows that you you are actually changed. Something happened to me that physically changed me because it's like the that behavior then became impossible. I was like, yeah, I know. I'm done with it. And then what happened is I actually buckled down and I spent years paying down my debt. And it felt so glorious when I fully I I fully paid it all off. Yeah. And I came down from all that. How long did it take? It took me I think it took me 5 years. 5 years of nonstop And extremely frugal. I remember like you were counting every penny. You're like, I don't know if I can afford that. I don't know if we can go out. I don't know if I can stay out all night. I don't know if I can do that thing. And and your living conditions were very humbled. You went from a very swanky fancy living to very moderate living. And I and I just remember thinking, wow. Uh good for him, you know, that that he has It was almost like you had become a man or something. Yeah, no, it really it was becoming it was moving from just like this carefree child that's like, whoopsie, to like, all right. I got to buckle down. Right. Live a reasonable existence. I will say though it was a bummer. Like you were a lot less fun during those times. when you became an adult. But there was a transition and out of that transition, I came out more powerful than you could ever imagine. Because honestly, now cuz you want to talk about my favorite purchases, which we'll talk about. Okay, we'll get into that. But but but here's the deal. Nowadays, when I spend money, I feel so good about it. Yeah. And it's it's just indescribable how good I mean I I'm just saying selfishly from my place, I didn't know the destruction someone who is on that trajectory can be fun cuz you benefit from it. Yeah. I I know. And that's part of why I did it, too, is because fun to watch you just spend money on stuff. Like you you would just splurge and I was it was just kind of fun to watch a Like what do we need for the show? I bought three. Or we go to Vegas and you would do all these extravagant, you know, you wouldn't pay for me, but but well, one time you kind of did, but that was but that wasn't my fault. That was your complete fault. yeah, yeah. Yeah. But there were other things that you did where I was just like, "Whoa, that's cool that he did that." You know, it's it's fun to watch someone Yeah. spend money and enjoy themselves. It is, but then it's got this price. I mean, was that part of it, too, of I'm going to be cuz you have that other personality trait of I'm going to entertain people. Oh, absolutely. No, I mean I I I think you probably remember at bars, at restaurants, I was always getting the check. Uh maybe this was just ending as you met me, but I used to do that all the time. But even to strangers, not even to my It was like I'd be in a bar and like, "Oh, I got your tab. Yeah, whatever." Like Just a random person? random people. Because I wanted them, the bartenders, everyone in the bar to know I'm the person. I'm the guy. I don't remember I mean, I'm Japanese, so I it it's in my genetics. I can't allow someone to pay my bill. Mhm. So, I don't remember you ever paying my bill. Yeah, and and I again, like you met me towards the tail end of that, but I used to be like that. I mean, the actually, I had sort of a really bad one where it was uh so embarrassed. I organized a birthday party for myself. lower in the onion. I organized a birthday party for myself. I well, no, you've told the story in the podcast. at the Wild Ginger. Yeah, yeah. But invited my coworkers. Yeah. Who didn't who didn't who didn't really know you that well. how awkward it is to be like invited, but like it was kind of like a lot of them worked for me or for some of that worked for me, so it was like they had to show up. And it was a lot of people and I picked up the whole bill. Yeah. How how how many people? Like 25? Something like that. Yeah. So, Wild Ginger, you got to figure 300 bucks a person or something. I don't want to know how much that was. It was a lot of money. Like six grand, five grand? Probably. Probably. Yeah. But it was my birthday. Yeah. So, I think that one actually broke me a bit because I remember Well, you said a friend of yours came to you like, "What are you doing?" Yeah. And actually confronted me about it like, "Why are you doing this?" At the party. It was like, "Why are you doing this?" And I remember not having fun with so many of those people. Yeah. Then I was like, "What the fudge am I doing?" So, I I think that that slowly started weaning me off of paying for other people. But yeah. Okay, so then we have the warrior. So, this person, it doesn't matter how much money they have, they're constantly worried that they'll lose money at any given moment. Uh I imagine you and I, Berto, are not like Um okay. Uh Tatsel in 2008 came up with three types of spenders in their research. And what they found were there were big spenders, non-spenders, and experiencers. So, Berto, think about which one you are. So, we have big spenders. These are people who are materialistic. They're not frugal. They spend often. They have a lot of debt. And then you have the non-spenders. They are very frugal. They're not materialistic. So, they don't have nice things. They don't care about having nice things. They save a lot. Then you have experiencers. These people are they're not frugal and they're not materialistic. Uh they don't pay attention to prices and they don't compare them to others, but they spend money on experiences. But they also don't So, they they they they save enough and they they're sort of in the middle, but they also have a value of spending money on things that have meaning. Uh first off, Berto, who is the most and who is the least happy among these people? I guess does experiencer does experiencers include them literally going on experiences or is it just more like the term is is like Yeah, in general. So, so they they're not frugal, meaning that they're not like really ultra focused on spending. They're not materialistic, meaning that they're not spending on They're the happiest. Yeah, they're the happiest. Who's the least happiest? Probably the the ones that spend too much. Yeah, they're the big spenders. The non-spenders, the frugal people, they're in the medium. Which one are you, Berto? Uh again, I've been through all sorts of levels of this. I'd say um a lot of my spending is experiential. I'm more of an experiencer. I definitely dove into the big spender bucket. I had bouts with frugalism, but I think I've landed and my steady state is more on the experience experiencer side of the fence. For me, um I've never been a big spender. I've like I I I went into debt a lot with my master's degree when I was in my 20s and But that wasn't you like, "Whoa, let's get a master's." Well, it kind of was cuz during my master's, I could have worked more, but I I just was like, "I don't want to. This is master's degree is hard." But the fact that you're having that conversation is proof that you're you weren't a big spender. And it was it's not a materialistic thing. It you know, it's a thing for my career which presumably would make money and it did. Um and I was in so much debt after my master's, I hated that feeling and so I became a non-spender. So, there there were times in my life when I've been a non-spender. But I will say whenever I have money, I pretty much spend it, but I also save money. But I I pretty much spend it, but I've never I've never overspent. So, I think I oscillate between non you know, a frugal and experiencer, but I've never been a big spender. If you think about it, even though I was buying those clothes that were fancy, like you we've talked about this. Like I've never bought a super fancy car, for example. Right. So, there were a few purchases where I looked back that were a little statusy and things like that, like the jacket and things like that. But for the most part, I was trying to experience. It's just that sometimes it went too far. It was like just When you moved into your more modest home in Totem Lake, did you feel ashamed of yourself? No, I was so converted. I was so changed. I was That's the thing is I think the thing that overrode everything else was the fear of ending up like my father in that sense. And so, I was like happy. I actually was really happy. Cuz it cost less. And it felt cozy and I felt safe. And I felt like I'm doing the right It felt so good. Yeah. And I got to tell you, I have the receipt, the final um bank statement when I made the final payment to my final loan. Yeah. I have a similar I took a picture or someone took a picture of me as I was submitting my final letter with a payment to my final debt when I was like 32 or something. Like I I basically haven't been in debt since I was 32. Uh not basically, I haven't. Like uh you know, home loans, that sort of thing, but nothing no credit card debt, no and I know nothing because I wasn't So, to be more specific, I had student loans, but I also the student loans didn't pay for all my expenses. Oh, okay. And I still was kind of not being very frugal even when I was getting my master's. I had $30,000 in credit card debt. Oh, my At at 20%. Oh, god. So, after I graduated with my master's, I was earning $2,000 a month. 1,200 of those dollars is going to interest. Oh, no. So, Yeah. that was not a good feeling. I was watching my debt get worse even though I was working full-time because of the interest. And there were nights when and that was when I really started to become a little bit of compulsive about keeping track of money and keeping track of like trends in my in my checking account. I still have I have data going all the way back to when I was like in my early 20s of how much debt I'm in and anyway. Cuz that was you know, that was actually a pretty tough time for me of just and I was teaching at Antioch, too, at the time and that actually So, I was working full-time as a therapist at an agency. I was on my on my off hours, Mhm. I was teaching at Antioch. On my off off hours, I had a private practice. I would see clients at 11:00 p.m. at night. Oh, man. Because I'd work all day and I would commute, you know, this is I'm commuting all over to Federal Way and it I would see clients from 11:00 to midnight. Oh, my god. And you put all this together, it's seven days a week, no days off. Oof. You know, 70 hours working a week for for many years and I paid off my debt. Yeah, you did it. Yeah. Uh but and living like a college person, you know, eating top ramen, all that kind of stuff. Okay. So, biggest spending regret, Berto? Is it Did you already Wait, what did Yeah, that was my my $40,000 Yeah, you you down the drain in one day. So, I actually couldn't really think of anything. I'm just not a regretful person. Right. really nothing that I've bought where I'm like, "Oh." So, I I really had to scrape for like something that I regret. I'm sure there are many things that I if I knew of everything I've ever bought. I'm sure there's You'd remember. a half dozen of things like, "That was $500 that was wasted." But, but it wouldn't be much more than that. But, there was this moment where the podcast was making a little bit more money. This was a couple years ago. And I thought, "You know what? I've been I've been using the same mic" Oh, yeah. that I bought years and years and years ago. Right, right, right. And just by convenience, I've just been using this whole time. There's There's probably a lot better mics out there. out. So, I I did all this research. I remember this. Yeah, I was looking I was looking for the perfect microphone and I did all these AB tests. And I found an Audio-Technica mic. It's a boom mic, you know, ribbon boom mic. Ribbon mic, right? Aren't those It's a long long boom mic, anyway. And I thought, "Yeah, this is this is the best. This is now going to be my microphone for the It's going to make the sound quality of the podcast so much better and it's a boom mic, so it's actually a little bit more convenient to cuz, you know, these these kind of mics we use they're they're kind of bulky. I tried it out for a while and it doesn't sound good. And you're in denial at first? And it it just never worked out and I kept trying to use the mic. I said, "Well, maybe I'll go back to my other mic and I'll use the boom mic for other applications." And maybe I would use it for guests because, you know, sometimes when I have people come over I I they have to put the mic really into their face and I thought, you know, the boom mic doesn't need to be as close to their face. After a year of really trying to force this mic into my life, I just finally just put it in. I mean, it's I can still use it if I really need a boom mic, for example, which you don't usually need. I have it. But, that was $400. Right. Oh my gosh, well, that's close. It's four. It's a few less zeros, but All right, Berto, the third best thing you've ever bought. All right. The third best thing I've ever bought was the Sandman number one issue. Oh. Uh that's graded and encased in plastic. Why is it the best thing? So, it's one of these things where So, Sandman is this graphic novel series, it's a comic book that is my favorite. And I love it love it love it so much. And I never bought the individual issues. I bought the trades, which are the collected things. And I felt like, "Oh, I really want to own like an individual issue." And I thought, "Oh, it would be so awesome to own the first issue." And they're super expensive. How much? Well, they they can range uh you could probably find one between 300 all the way to 2,000. Wow. And and it varies by how well it's graded, what condition it's in, all these kinds of But, I did my research. I I was patient. I found the right opportunity on eBay and I was able to acquire one for not the most amount of money, right? So, like And So, is the value that when it came out it's the first one, no one knows it's going to be a big deal. And it's this tiny little little alternative comic situation. And then it starts to build steam. It starts to And then people start looking back at the first episode or the first issue as like, "Wow, that's a valuable thing." And the author becomes super famous in other ways, too. Yeah. And so And so, I bought it for myself. And and then what I did is I went on a kick where I said, "Okay, I'm not into collecting comic books in that sense. I I don't go and find Ooh, I found this one. I found I actually buy series that I like to read, right? And I mostly just buy the collected trades, so I don't have to buy the individual issues. But, I made a deal with myself. I'm like, "I'm going to own some a small set, in this case it was five, of like my favorite things." And so, I went out and I did some eBay snooping and and I made offers on things and I got Sandman number one, that's my favorite. I got the 100 Bullets number one. I got this one called East of West number one. I got Walking Dead number one variant cuz the actual one is like 10 grand. I didn't want that. But, I got like a a variant that's a lot less expensive. It's not the like every time they print comic books, there's usually variants. This one has a different cover. So, it's not the first one. It is technically when you open the pages, it is the first issue, but it's not the original cover. It's a different cover. And that alone makes it worth way less. But, I didn't care. I just wanted a Walking Dead. Yeah. And I bought um a Batman Harley Quinn issue that that's really cool. uh the last one was This one's the the one I care the least about, but it was a an Iron Man issue. And so, I have them the five of them above my book bookcase and they're those are my five collectibles. How much are they worth you know, collectively? Uh maybe five grand. Wow. Maybe less. Depending. Cuz as soon as you go to try to sell me, I actually have to like Yeah. deal with the realities of selling them. That's cool. I can respect that. I am not into comic books, but By the way, I didn't pay five grand. I paid way less. Okay. Yeah. So, they're worth more now than than what I spent. Yeah. And, you know, it's meaningful to you and and you can look at them and then, you know, have to borrow money for that. Okay, so that was my number three. Uh my number three was my first car that I bought when I was in my mid-20s and I finally or 24 or 23. I got my very first job that paid enough money that I could actually I had a little bit of extra money that I could actually spend on something. And so, I went to the Bellevue Honda in Eastgate. And I bought a white 1990 Acura Integra with eight with 88,000 miles on it. Okay. I don't know how much I bought it for. I'm thinking it was probably around like $4,000 or something. It was just a a lot of money and it was used, so that was on a payment plan, you know. Yeah, yeah. uh the reason why I consider it one of the best things I ever bought is that it one had this huge boost to me feeling like a real adult. Yeah, cuz up until that time I'm always driving my dad's cars or my my parents' cars. It's nothing to have like, "This is my car. I can do whatever I want to to it." And when I And I just had this feeling like driving around. I remember driving to I I worked at Evergreen Hospital in Totem Lake. And I got I got $13 an hour. I remember I was the richest I was the richest guy among all my friends. And I remember driving up in the parking lot and just feeling like a million bucks. Just like, "I've got my I've got a I've got my one suit that I wear to work. My one you know, one of the three ties I earn I own. I'm in my Acura Integra." I And And the So, the reason why I love this purchase is that I drove that car past 300,000 miles. Wow. And that was a that was a cool car. That was a drag racing car, you know. That was a Yeah, I mean, I didn't even really know that at the time. I pretty much just bought it be because it was affordable and and yeah. And you wrote you wrote 100 grand more, yeah. The two or 200 grand, yeah. I probably had 220,000 miles additional. It got me around. So, that's my third favorite You know, my my first car I bought for 300 bucks from my girlfriend at the time. It was a Honda Civic, a beat-up Honda Civic with 200,000 miles on it. Oh, yeah. But, it was fun. Yeah. What's your second? Okay. My number two. My Shadow Hills compressor. Oh. So, You know, not your not your other the What's What's the one you use for podcasting? That's the one. Oh, that one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's a good compressor. It's not only a good compressor, the story of it goes back in the time frame that we were discussing, 2008. So, if people don't know what a compressor is, it's a vocal processing thing that normalizes the volume, essentially. And and they can be crappy and they can be really good and stuff. All right. So, back in this time frame where we were talking where I spend all these crazy amounts of money and I was basically going down the downward spiral. One of the things I bought was this very very expensive compressor. Yeah. And I had it It was like emblazoned with my name like in iron, you know, it's like boom. Wait, your name? My name, yeah. They put your name My name, Humberto Castaneda. on the cuz it was hand-built by this company here in the United States. So, I had Bam. You know, sent to me. It was glorious. It was beautiful. I had it. We used it. Yeah. Briefly. Cuz right soon after that is when I had my moment of clarity and I was like, "Oh god, what have I done?" So, someone has a compressor with a Berto custom because one of the things I did is I I ended up selling a whole bunch of things, including my red guitar that I still kind of regret to this day. Uh it was a Gibson, you know, it was that that ES uh 350, whatever it's called. And the hollow body. I sold the And I sold this compressor. Now, the good news at the time is actually that How much was that compressor? Uh I bought it I bought it for 4,900. Wow. And I sold it for 7,000. Wow. Yeah. And the compressor you have now is a Bechen compressor and it's like 1,200 I'm thinking. No, no, no, no, no. This is why this is my favorite thing. It's the same compressor. It's not with my name. It's the same brand. Same brand. Yeah. It's just a different Well, I'll tell you what the difference is. The difference is that this time I could afford it. Yeah. And that time I couldn't. Right. And so, now, I also found it I found a I found a good deal on it and all these things. But the point is But aren't don't they run about 1,200? No. Oh, how much do they run? About 4,900. Oh, they do? Yeah, yeah. Oh, I I think I was looking at a different one that was 1,200 or something. This is this is still expensive. But but but the reason it's meaningful to me is because of the significance. Wait, is this the big one with the big black knobs? Yeah. Okay. It's this this tall. Okay. When I bought it, I couldn't afford it and I had to sell. Don't you have another compressor? I have a preamp. That's a Shadow Hills that's this big. I'm confused cuz I remember when I was going back and forth with you about compressors, you were telling me about a different compressor. I don't own one, but it's really good. And it's it's 1,200 bucks. Oh, okay. I owned one I owned a purple compressor but and I also sold it. Okay. But yeah, that so people don't know that this compressor that Berto's talking about, it looks like a like a spaceship console. know. But this again, the significance for me is not even about the compressor. It's that So that's the compressor you were you would always be using when you'd be podcasting with me? Yeah, that's the one we're using right now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Not the one we're using right now. Well, the one I was using up until our last session. Yeah. Yeah, that one was yeah, well, jeez, for $5,000 uh cuz that thing sounds great. great. But but the the the significance for me was that I actually saved this the difference. I saved the money explicitly to buy it. You saved it. I saved And it's not like I saved And you you didn't regret it. You weren't like compulsive spending you were It was like this beautiful moment of finally I can finally afford this compressor. Yeah. And and I saved explicitly for it. It wasn't like I had a savings account and out of that savings account I wanted No, no. I said, "I'm going to buy that compressor again. Once I have enough start saving and once I have the money, I'm actually going to buy it." Wow. And I put a I put aside in a separate little account the money incrementally till I was like, "Okay, there's my money. Buy it." So it's a a an emotional satisfaction. It's like buying a car. Well, well, it symbolizes your maturity. Yeah. And it's it's not it doesn't have my name emblazoned on it, but I'm okay. Did you buy your Sandman post maturity or pre? Yeah. It's interesting that you have two things from your I was saying I'm an experiential buyer. I do like spending money. Yeah. The difference now is I like spending money I have. Yeah. My number two is my very first guitar. I was in a band in high school and we were very you know, limited in our gear. And I didn't have I couldn't play anything cuz I wasn't a musician. I could play trumpet, but I didn't play anything else. And we were at a army surplus store in downtown Redmond and we were buying these we we liked to buy these army suits and and and wear them in high school and act like dorks. It was it's hard to explain, but anyway there was this acoustic Army suits? Yeah, they were they were like army Like fatigues? No, like um they were these green jumpsuits that Okay. uh were full body jumpsuits and they looked like mechanic like No, like mechanics. Oh, got it. like a mechanic jumpsuit. Anyway so is that why they call it jumpsuit? Is because of so. Anyway point is why. That's a jumpsuit from a parachute. Yeah, okay. So on the wall, it was this guitar this acoustic guitar and what what it had on it was an was a internal mic. So you could just plug it into an amp, right? Or a recording deck. And the drummer in in or the guitarist in my band, he's like "Okay, Kirk, you're the you're the singer and I have and I have the PA. So you have you have spent no money on this Berto. The drummer has spent all the money on the drums. I've I buy the guitars and the bass and the recording equipment uh the keyboardist, you know, you are the singer. You haven't bought a single thing yet. So you're going to buy that acoustic guitar." He didn't Yeah, I mean he wasn't mean, but he was just like, "I think you should buy this acoustic guitar because I need an acoustic guitar that plugs in." And he said, "And you can have it, but you you got to bring it to the Sure. And I'm like I'm like and I'm like, "Okay." So I don't know how I came up with the money. I'm guessing $100. I'm guessing I begged my parents. I don't know. I might have had savings, but that doesn't seem right. Anyway, I bought that guitar and I took it home and immediately I was started experimenting. I had no idea what I was doing. And he taught me a couple chords and within maybe two days, I had written a song. Oh, wow. And a week later I've written five songs and I start going to other people and I'm like um hey, let's write music together. It's kind of fun. Cuz you assume they could. Yeah, and they're like uh even other musicians I would go to other musicians like, "Let's write a song together." And they'd be like um "Yeah, I don't think I can do that." I'm like, "Well, no, let's sit down." And I'd make them sit down and I'd start going, you know, "Well, you just kind of do this kind of do this kind of make it up and you make up a melody." And they're like "Yeah, I can't I can't do that, you know?" And I'm like, "But how come I can do it? Like I'm not a musician. I bought a guitar for someone else. It's just sitting in my room. I picked it up and I just started writing songs. Yeah. Can't everyone do that?" It's like someone showing up to you is like, "Hey, let's do some backflips together." Yeah, yeah. What what do you mean? Like like this boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom. Yeah, yeah. can't do that. played that guitar pretty much cuz I couldn't afford other guitars. And it's a Mateo which people do not This is This is This is a brand that it's it's a very crappy guitar. I played this acoustic guitar for years and years and years and years and wrote 95% of the music I've ever written on that guitar. Wow. So very much a very meaningful object in my like if there's one object that I would want to be buried with it might be that thing. Yeah. And it started my my writing and music life. It's been with me through thick and thin. And it was $100 at an army surplus store. Okay, number one, Berto. Number one. Okay. uh many years ago, maybe a decade ago I bought a computer for my grandma in Colombia. My grandma you met, Lidy. And the the goal was twofold. One is she she didn't have a computer in the in the house, but but there was a bigger goal. I made sure to buy an all-in-one thing that came with a camera. Because I wanted to be able to Skype with her. And this changed my life and it changed her life because if you think about it, you know, at the time specially, I was only visiting Colombia every few years at the time. Since then I actually went more often, it used to be years would go by. And I didn't when you're younger, time kind of you don't quite understand that time goes by and you don't get it back. So I'd be like, "Hey, I'm here for a month. How's everyone doing? Okay, bye. See you in five years." Well we went from not seeing each other for years at a time to like seeing each other on video calls and I would call her all the time. And I could show her my life. So you bought her what? I bought her a little all-in-one computer that had a camera. A laptop? It wasn't a laptop. It's like a little one of those little stand stand-alone. Oh, like a monitor with computer. Yeah. And set it up for her and And that thing just it was priceless. Like I would have paid a a hundred times what I paid for that It's like because we went from like imagine that. Like you you don't physically see someone and this was before WhatsApp and before all that, right? So really we wouldn't see even photos or anything. She wouldn't see my life. I wouldn't see her. To now like I could share my life with her and I could see her and now even though years would go by, but actually fewer. Ironically this brought us closer together and then I would go it's like, "Okay, we're connected." You're you're like a Dell commercial right now. I'm like a Dell commercial. No, that's really sweet. I didn't know you're going to go that direction. That's nice. Uh my number one is my Audio-Technica 4033A condenser mic. The mic that I was trying to replace earlier. The one you had this whole time. Yeah. I bought this in 1998-ish. Uh I think it was about $400, maybe 300. It was my first real mic. Up up until that point I had been using like sure crappy mics and even those mics I somehow would just acquire. Like when you're in a band and and and my place was often the band practice zone. A lot of other bandmates will kind of come in and out of your life and they'll just they'll just accidentally leave stuff. They probably take stuff, too. Yeah, yeah. And for some reason I had two sure you know, the what the 58 57 and a 58, I think. uh the very first mic you can see behind me, it's a PV. Uh it's a sure 58 knockoff that's terrible. I had one of those in college. A Peavey? Yeah. Oh, really? Yeah. You I think you could get them at like RadioShack. it at RadioShack. Yeah, for like 20 bucks. Yeah. Yeah, and it looked like a real mic, but it was not a real mic. good. Yeah, but anyway, so I'd always been using these really crappy mics that just sort of ended up in my possession. I you know, and I was like, I can I can buy a mic I you know, at this point I was actually I was probably I'd probably paid off all that debt I talked about earlier. And I was like, you know, I'm going to buy a microphone and I bought it and I loved it and I actually wrote a song about it. You know, I bought a new microphone. I bought it and brought it home to sing to you. You know, anyway. Nice. Uh Oh, by the way, we can finally harmonize again. Yeah, in person. I recorded so many albums through that mic. Oh, nice. but like the guitar, uh drums. I you know, I would cuz you know, I didn't have a bunch of mics, so I would just put that mic near the drum set. I also recorded probably almost every podcast we ever did through that through that microphone. Yeah. Um and recently though, you know, I tried to replace it and that backfired, but it was really bent. Like it it had it had been through some some And so I bought a replacement and I retired that mic. now in the pasture. So, if you watch my reaction videos, it's behind me in one of my mugs. And uh And you deserve it. Yeah, so I so I have the identical mic. It's just version two that I'm using right now. That's hilarious. Yeah, and you know, and that it feels good to put that at the top of the list because it's been close to my face a lot. It not only singing and it's enabled so much of your creativity. Enabled so much so I mean, if the microphone could talk, you know, it's been it's been with me through so many different uh important events of my life, you know. true. It's funny both you and I have musical related things in our lists. I actually I was thinking of putting one of my basses. Uh-huh. But then something music man? Well, no. I was going to put my war my Warwick because that one is my five string bass that I recorded all of my last album with and I played that one in Electric Company and I played you know, all my last shows I played with that one. But then I was like, well, yeah, but if I'm going to have one music thing, I wanted this other one because it was like the you know, that story of like achievement, you know, and it was more than just a music part. And then I couldn't trump my my grandma thing. So, I was like, all right, fine. I won't put a bass. All right. Well, so in summary out there, think about for yourself what kind of spender you are and think about your needs. Think about your needs for security, safety, fun, creativity, meaning, relationships, all those dimensions. How much you think about making money, how much you think about saving money, how much you think about spending money, what spending is to you. Is it actually saving is it actually meeting your needs or is it not? Are you spending money cuz research shows if you're spending money on materialism items, things that are keeping up with the Joneses, things that are uh flashy, if you will, have a generally a very temporary boost in your happiness, whereas having research shows if you spend money on things like a meaningful vacation, even though you can't retain that, it's a limited time. Yeah. That generally people generally feel better about those purchases years later than like buying a fancy car. are you getting your needs met? What kind of traumas do you have around money? Did you grow up with money insecurity? How has that affected you? How do you relate to other people? How do you feel about yourself? When you spend money or save money, are you really uh achieving what you are thinking you're achieving? You know, when Berto buying you know, something or other at the clothing store in London, if we were there and we were saying, you know, what are you spending this money on? What's the purpose? And are you actually getting that thing? Or someone else that's like compulsively saving cuz you can go in that direction too where you're just like save save save save and one day one day I'll spend and then you're 65 years old and you know, you've wasted all those years where you could have gone on a vacation or you could have had that special Sandman first issue Yeah. for yourself and you didn't get that. Um or you want to give money to someone else. You want to help someone out. Research shows that as we talked about when you give money and you help someone like a relative or a friend or a charity or an organization, there's a tremendous amount of meaningfulness and uh and meaning and happiness that comes out of that. Obviously you have to be privileged enough to have extra money to go around like that. And I want to acknowledge absolutely that there are a lot of people and some of you listening that are really struggling with money, particularly the pandemic. A lot of people have lost their jobs we haven't really talked about that much. You know, the uh I'm guessing some people are listening to this whole episode going like, at what point are you going to talk about the fact that a lot of us are barely getting by and we don't know how we're going to survive the next month or And that's real and the thing I'll say about that is let's all help each other and don't be afraid to ask for help and don't be ashamed of yourselves for sure. And also let's all vote for politicians are rational about how we spread the money around so that people can get back on their feet. Because certainly if you know, super rich people can have instead of that 12th yacht that they have, they can actually be taxed a little bit more and spread the money around so that people can actually feed their children and not have to be terrified of where they're going to live next week, I think everyone understand that is a fair and just world. And everyone out there, please take care of yourself because you deserve it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @XZ858XZ [20 likes]: Really love Humberto's authenticity when talking about his experiences with overspending. I can 100% relate
  2. @Zullala [17 likes]: Wow I love hearing about Berto's stories! It's really cool to hear his self-discovery and be able to recall the different voices in his mind as well as a different thoughts he was having.
  3. @MathPiHanan [4 likes]: Can lasik count as the best purchase? This is the first thing that came to my mind when I thought “what’s my best purchase?”
  4. @ShannonDePalma [3 likes]: As someone getting a financial therapy certification, this is my favorite episode ever! Thank you Humberto and Dr.Kirk for your openness on this episode.
  5. @kimtaeyeonismyeverything [3 likes]: My parents never showed us when they were short on money, they’d use any excuse to not buy something without making us feel like a burden or that we had no money. Now that I’m older I really like their approach.
  6. @mariaalaniz5437 [3 likes]: I can save money but when I get depressed then I go crazy spending money and ranking up my credit card. But then off course I regret later once I see my credit card statement.
  7. @janewildly [2 likes]: This podcast makes me think about the time I was dating, and I’ve always avoided people who seem irresponsible with money or too showy with their money. I’m not a gold digger. I just purposely pick the ones who knows how to take care of themselves financially, because from what I’ve read, Finances is the # 1 thing couples fight about.
  8. @starahavana [2 likes]: It amazes me that in US having a car loan is something normal, where I come from people do everything possible to buy a car with cash and actually, only unwise people buy cars using loans :) Just a cultural difference :)
  9. @halimak12 [2 likes]: Does anyone have the link to the survey they took for this episode?
  10. @eddiemartin85 [1 likes]: Great
  11. @rylee_l [1 likes]: “Because I FELT like I needed a credit card to be LEGIT” made me chuckle, I totally get it 😂😂
  12. @J11pointK [1 likes]: I'm definitely super strict with my spending habits. It has gotten so bad that I could easily live with having 250 euros a month (the minimum wage in Lithuania is around 500-600 eur.). But do I want to live like that? Absolutely not. I know this comes from the fact I had an addict in my family, who spent most of my parents income for 30+ years, and my mom was always worried about money and ways of saving it. Also, I was robbed by a so called best friend when I was a kid, and that broke me. I know that now, being almost 30, I want to have a job I would like and earn at least the minimum wage, and enjoy life for once. But because of childhood traumas I don't have the confidence to persue and keep a normal job, so I resort to saving as much as possible. It's an ongoing circle which I hope to one day break :) thanks for sharing your thoughts and stories about this topic :D
  13. @alexandramcmillan7084 [1 likes]: Yay! This is one of my favourite topics - what a way to spend my Sunday!
  14. @jcimlas210 [1 likes]: 38:40 This is so me. I move money around like crazy and spend freely; if there’s $5, I NEED to spend it.
  15. @dandychestnut3493 [1 likes]: Omg terrified to listen to this
  16. @dianajackson7241 [1 likes]: IS is Iceland
  17. @MoonWomanStudios [1 likes]: I don't know about these categories. Maybe I'm too poor to classify as one.
  18. @Zy_zaia: 🎉
  19. @SuzyB0901: My daughter sold door to door perfumes (fake ones) in the mid 90's as her first job out of HS.
  20. @kmonkey8874: im 24 with no credit card! i never want one! i will ruin my credit

- The Psychology Behind How You Spend Money: Kind: captions Language: en Most personal finance advice focuses obsessively on how to make money and how to save money. But there's a third piece that's equally important, yet rarely discussed with any depth. How to spend money. Not just spending less, but spending well. Spending in ways that actually make your life richer, rather than just making you poorer. Today, we're diving into The Art of Spending Money by Morgan Housel, best-selling author of The Psychology of Money. While most books treat spending as the enemy of wealth, Housel takes a radically different approach. Spending money is one of the most important skills you can develop because it directly determines the quality of your life. The question isn't whether to spend money, it's how to spend it in ways that genuinely improve your well-being. What makes Housel's perspective so valuable is that he understands something most financial advisers miss. The goal of money isn't to have money. The goal is to live a good life. And living a good life requires spending money. The right amounts, on the right things, at the right times, for the right reasons. Get this wrong and you're either miserable now or struggling later. Get it right and you can enjoy life today while building security for tomorrow. This book isn't about permission to be reckless with money. It's about understanding that every dollar you spend is a choice about what kind of life you're building. Some spending creates lasting value and happiness. Other spending creates temporary pleasure followed by regret. The difference between these two types of spending is what determines whether you feel rich or poor, regardless of your income. Over the next 20 minutes, we'll explore Housel's framework for spending money wisely. Understanding the real purpose of money, identifying spending that actually improves your life, avoiding the traps that make people feel poor despite earning well, using money to buy time and freedom, balancing present enjoyment with future security, and making spending decisions aligned with your actual values rather than social pressure. If you've ever felt guilty about spending money on yourself, if you've bought things that didn't make you happier, if you've wondered why your income keeps rising, but you don't feel any wealthier, or if you simply want to get more life satisfaction per dollar spent, this is for you. Let's master the art of spending money. Chapter 1 The real purpose of money. Housel opens with a fundamental question most people never seriously consider. What is money actually for? The obvious answer, to buy things, misses the deeper point. Money is a tool for building the life you want. But most people never define what that life looks like, so they spend money randomly, guided by advertising, social comparison, and impulse, rather than intention. The author argues that money has three legitimate purposes. First, to provide security, covering basic needs, handling emergencies, and removing constant financial stress. Second, to create freedom, buying control over your time and choices rather than being forced into situations by financial necessity. Third, to facilitate experiences and relationships that bring genuine fulfillment. Any spending that doesn't serve one of these three purposes is probably waste. Housel emphasizes that these purposes exist in a hierarchy. Security comes first. You can't enjoy freedom or experiences if you're constantly worried about survival. Once you have adequate security, freedom becomes paramount. This is what actually transforms quality of life. And finally, with security and freedom established, you can optimize spending for experiences and fulfillment. The mistake most people make is inverting this hierarchy. They sacrifice security for immediate consumption. They trade freedom for lifestyle inflation, earning more, but spending it all on things that don't actually improve their lives. They chase status and material possessions instead of experiences and relationships that create lasting satisfaction. Housel shares research on what actually makes people happy beyond a certain income threshold where basic needs are comfortably met. Additional money produces diminishing returns on happiness. But this doesn't mean money stops mattering. It means how you use money matters more than how much you have. A person earning $70,000 who spends wisely can be happier than someone earning $200,000 who spends poorly. The key insight is that spending money well requires knowing yourself. What actually makes you happy? What do you genuinely value versus what you've been conditioned to want? Housel observes that many people spend decades working to afford lifestyles they don't actually enjoy, buying things to impress people they don't even like, pursuing conventional markers of success that leave them feeling empty. The author provides a framework for clarifying your relationship with money. First, write down what you want your ideal day to look like. Not someday when you're retired, just a regular Tuesday. What time do you wake up? What do you do? Who are you with? Where are you? Now ask, what financial resources would make this day possible? This exercise reveals what you actually need for money versus what you've been chasing. identify your minimum viable income, the amount needed to cover necessities plus a small buffer. Knowing this number reduces anxiety and provides clarity. You realize you need less than you thought, which paradoxically makes you feel wealthier. When your needs are modest and clearly defined, income above that threshold becomes pure freedom. define what wealth means to you personally. For some, it's never having to think about money. For others, it's being able to help family or causes they care about. For others still, it's having ultimate control over their time. There's no universal right answer, but having no answer means you're chasing an undefined target you'll never hit. Housel emphasizes that the purpose of money is not to accumulate the most money. It's to build the life you want. This seems obvious, but most people's actual behavior suggests they've forgotten it. They optimize for net worth while neglecting life satisfaction. They defer happiness to some future date when they'll have enough, not realizing that enough is a state of mind, not a dollar amount. The chapter concludes with a provocative question. If you continue your current relationship with money, your saving patterns for the next 20 years, will you end up with the life you want? If the answer is no, something needs to change. And often what needs to change isn't how much you make or save, it's how intentionally and wisely you spend. Chapter 2 The spending that matters. Housel dedicates substantial attention to identifying spending that genuinely improves quality of life versus spending that seems like it should, but doesn't. This distinction is crucial because most people consistently spend on things that don't actually make them happier while neglecting spending that would. The author introduces what he calls life-improving spending, purchases that compound value over time. First on this list is spending that buys back your time. Housel argues this is often the highest return use of money, yet the one most people resist. Hiring someone to clean your house, outsourcing tasks you hate, paying for convenience that saves hours. These purchases literally buy back pieces of your life. The math is straightforward but powerful. If you earn $50 per hour and can pay someone $20 per hour to do a task you hate, you're gaining $30 of value per hour plus eliminating something that drains your energy. Yet, people often mow their own lawns, do their own home repairs, and handle tasks they despise to save money while spending that same money on things that add zero value. Second, spending on experiences rather than possessions. How Sell sites extensive research showing that experiences provide more lasting happiness than material goods. The new car thrill fades within weeks. The memory of a meaningful trip lasts years. Experiences can't be directly compared to others, reducing the status competition that makes possession-based spending unsatisfying, and experiences often involve other people, strengthening relationships in ways that possessions don't. But, How Sell adds an important nuance. Not all experiences are equal. Expensive luxury experiences aren't necessarily better than modest ones. What matters is whether the experience is meaningful to you. A camping trip with close friends might provide more lasting satisfaction than a luxury resort vacation alone. The value is in the memory and connection, not the price tag. Third, spending that improves your health. How Sell argues this is criminally undervalued. Quality food, gym memberships you actually use, preventive medical care, stress reduction. These purchases pay dividends for decades. Yet, people often skimp on health spending to afford cars or clothes they don't need. The irony is that poor health can destroy wealth faster than any other factor, making health spending some of the highest return money you can allocate. Fourth, spending on education and skills. This includes both formal education and informal learning, books, courses, workshops, coaching. How Sell emphasizes that investing in yourself has unlimited returns because you take the skills with you forever, and they often increase your earning power far beyond their cost. A $1,000 course that increases your income by 5,000 per year pays for itself in months and continues paying forever. Fifth, spending that strengthens relationships. How Sell observes that the happiest people are those with strong social connections. Yet, modern life often isolates us. Spending money to facilitate relationships, hosting dinners, taking trips with friends or family, living near loved ones even if it costs more, creates value that material possessions never can. The man who lives in a bigger house but sees his grandchildren once a year is poorer than the man in a smaller house who sees them weekly. How Sell contrast this with spending that feels good momentarily but creates no lasting value. Expensive cars that you quickly adapt to, designer clothes you wear a few times, restaurant meals you barely remember, the latest gadgets that excite you for a week. This isn't bad spending. It's just low return spending that people often prioritize over high return spending. The author introduces the concept of spending rate of return. For every dollar you spend, ask how much lasting value does this create? A $10 book you read and apply might have a 1,000% return. A $3,000 watch might have a negative return if it creates stress about theft or damage. Start thinking about spending through this lens and your patterns will shift dramatically. One powerful framework How Sell provides categorize every purchase as either appreciating, depreciating, or neutral. Appreciating purchases gain value over time, education, health, meaningful experiences, time-saving services that let you earn more or enjoy life more. Depreciating purchases lose value, most possessions, status symbols, impulse buys. Neutral purchases serve a function without gaining or losing value, basic necessities, tools you use regularly. The goal isn't to only make appreciating purchases, that's unrealistic. It's to ensure appreciating purchases comprise the largest portion of your spending while depreciating purchases are minimized and carefully chosen. Most people's spending is inverted, mostly depreciating, little appreciating, which explains why they never feel satisfied despite spending freely. How Sell also addresses the question of whether you should treat yourself. His answer is nuanced. Yes, but be strategic. The treat should be something you genuinely enjoy, not something you think you should enjoy. It should be occasional enough to remain special rather than becoming expected, and it should fit within a spending framework that still serves your larger goals. Random treating leads to lifestyle inflation and regret. Intentional treating enhances life. The chapter concludes with a challenge. Audit your spending from the past 3 months. Categorize each expense as appreciating, depreciating, or neutral. Calculate the percentage in each category. For most people, this exercise is shocking. They discover they're spending vast amounts on depreciating purchases while neglecting appreciating ones. The awareness alone begins shifting behavior toward spending that actually improves life. Chapter three, the spending traps that make you poor. How Sell identifies patterns of spending that reliably create financial stress and dissatisfaction regardless of income level. These traps catch almost everyone at some point, and recognizing them is essential to avoiding them. The first trap is lifestyle inflation, increasing spending automatically as income rises. You get a raise and immediately upgrade your apartment, car, and dining habits to match. Your income rises by 30%, but your spending rises by 30%, leaving you no wealthier and often more stressed because your elevated lifestyle now depends on maintaining that higher income. How Sell explains the psychology behind this trap. Humans adapt quickly to improved circumstances, a phenomenon called hedonic adaptation. The nicer apartment feels amazing for weeks, then becomes normal. Now, you need the next upgrade to feel that excitement again. This creates a treadmill where you're constantly chasing more without ever arriving at The solution isn't to never improve your lifestyle as you earn more. That's unrealistic and unnecessary. It's to let lifestyle improvements lag significantly behind income increases. When you get a 20% raise, increase spending by 5% and invest or save the rest. This allows you to enjoy rising income while actually building wealth rather than just appearing to have it. The second trap is status spending. Buying things primarily to signal success or belonging rather than because you genuinely want them. How Sell argues this is possibly the most expensive trap because status is relative and therefore unwinable. You buy a luxury car to signal success, but there's always someone with a more expensive car. You're competing in a game with no finish line. The insidious nature of status spending is that it feels rational in the moment. You tell yourself the expensive watch is an investment, or the luxury vacation is making memories. But, if you're honest, the primary motivation is how it will look to others or how it signals your success. This type of spending has extremely low return on satisfaction because the pleasure comes from others perceived reactions which are usually far less than you imagine. The third trap is convenience creep, constantly choosing convenience options that add up to enormous costs. Food delivery instead of cooking, taxis instead of public transit, paying for services you could easily do yourself. Each individual choice seems minor, but collectively they can cost thousands per month. Howsel isn't against convenience. He's against unconscious convenience creep, where you're not even noticing how much you're spending for minor time savings. The fourth trap is subscription accumulation. Streaming services, apps, memberships, subscriptions, each cost $5 to $50 monthly, which seems trivial, but 20 subscriptions at an average of $20 each cost $480 monthly or nearly $6,000 annually. Most people have multiple subscriptions they rarely use, but forget to cancel. This spending is particularly pernicious because it's automatic and invisible. The fifth trap is deal spending, buying things you don't need because they're on sale. Howsel shares a simple truth. You don't save money by buying discounted things you wouldn't have bought at full price. You spend money. A 50% off item you don't need isn't a deal, it's waste. The best financial decision is often not buying at all, regardless of the discount. The sixth trap is emotional spending, using purchases to manage emotions. Bored, so you browse online stores. Stressed, so you treat yourself. Sad, so you shop for comfort. Happy, so you celebrate with spending. Howsel explains that when spending becomes your primary tool for emotional regulation, you're both hemorrhaging money and not actually addressing the emotions, which return and trigger more spending. identifying if you've fallen into emotional spending. Delay 24 hours before any non-essential purchase. If you still want it tomorrow, it might be genuine. If you forgot about it, it was emotional. This simple rule catches probably 80% of regrettable purchases before they happen. The seventh trap is keeping up with normal. Howsel observes that modern consumption standards have risen dramatically. What's now considered normal, Frequent restaurant meals, new cars every few years, latest technology, multiple streaming services would have been luxury lifestyle 30 years ago, but because everyone around you lives this way, it feels like necessity rather than choice. You're unwittingly spending luxury amounts on what you perceive as normal. The chapter concludes with Howsel's observation that these traps share a common feature. They disconnect spending from actual value. You're spending reactively to signal, to adapt, to conform, to medicate emotions rather than intentionally to build the life you want. The solution is making spending decisions consciously and asking before each purchase, "What value does this actually create for my life?" If you can't articulate a clear answer, don't buy it. Chapter 4, buying time and freedom. Howsel considers this the most important chapter in the book because it addresses what he believes is the highest and best use of money, buying control over your time and life. This is the difference between being rich and feeling rich. The author starts with a provocative claim. Time and freedom are more valuable than any possession, yet most people's spending patterns suggest they prioritize possessions over time. They buy expensive cars, but accept brutal commutes. They accumulate stuff, but have no time to enjoy it. They optimize for consumption while sacrificing autonomy. Howsel introduces the concept of time wealth, having control over how you spend your hours. Someone earning less, but with complete control over their schedule may be wealthier in the ways that matter than someone earning more, but trapped in obligations. The key is ensuring your spending habits support time wealth rather than undermining it. The first principle of buying time, reduce or eliminate commutes. Howsel argues that commuting is one of the highest costs in modern life, both financially and psychologically. An hour commute each way is 10 hours weekly, 500 plus hours annually. Nearly a month of waking hours spent traveling to work. If you can live closer to work, even at higher housing costs, the value can be immense. Or if you can negotiate remote work, potentially transforming your entire lifestyle. The math often favors this trade, even when it's not obvious. Paying an extra $500 monthly to live near work eliminates 10 hours weekly of commute time. If that time is worth $25 per hour to you, whether in earning potential, life enjoyment, or stress reduction, you break even. Any value above that and you're coming out ahead. The second principle, buy out of tasks you hate. Howsel emphasizes that different people hate different tasks, so this is personal. But whatever tasks drain your energy or fill you with dread, seriously consider paying someone else to do them. The mental and emotional relief often exceeds the monetary cost. This doesn't mean outsourcing everything. It means identifying the tasks where the pain of doing them yourself exceeds the pain of paying someone else. For some people that's house cleaning. For others, it's yard work or car maintenance or meal preparation. The goal is removing energy drains so you can focus on activities that actually matter to you. The third principle, invest in flexibility and options. Howsel argues that flexibility is undervalued. The ability to take time off when needed, to move if opportunities arise, to pivot when circumstances change. These capabilities are enormously valuable, but require financial reserves and lifestyle discipline. If you're locked into expensive obligations, you sacrifice flexibility for consumption. He recommends maintaining what he calls a freedom fund, savings beyond your emergency fund specifically designated for buying freedom and options. This might mean turning down a higher paying job you'd hate in favor of a lower paying one you'd enjoy, knowing your freedom fund provides the buffer. It might mean taking a sabbatical or starting a business. The point is having resources specifically allocated to freedom rather than having all money committed to lifestyle. The fourth principle, be willing to pay for control. Howsel discusses how many people choose situations that pay slightly more, but provide no control over situations that pay slightly less, but offer autonomy. The corporate job that pays % more than freelancing, but requires rigid schedules and approval for everything. The career with a higher ceiling, but complete dependence on an employer's goodwill. He argues that for most people, the additional income from sacrificing control gets consumed by lifestyle inflation anyway, leaving you no wealthier, but far less free. Better to earn less, but have control, keep expenses modest, and enjoy actually owning your time. The author shares personal examples of choosing time over money, turning down lucrative opportunities that would require excessive travel away from family, living in a smaller house to avoid mortgage stress that would force accepting any work to make payments. These choices meant earning less, but having more control, which increased quality of life dramatically. Housel also addresses the relationship between time wealth and retirement. Many people tolerate miserable jobs with the promise of retirement decades later, but this trades the best years of your life when you have health and energy for theoretical freedom at the end. A better approach is designing life to have autonomy throughout, even if it means working longer, but enjoying the journey. The chapter concludes with Housel's framework for evaluating any financial decision through the lens of time. Does this purchase or commitment give me more control over my time or less? Does it increase my flexibility or reduce it? Does it create obligations that limit my freedom or remove obligations that were limiting me? Use these questions as filters, and you'll make very different spending decisions than most people. Chapter 5 Balancing today and tomorrow. One of the most challenging aspects of spending money wisely is balancing enjoyment today with security tomorrow. Housel addresses this tension directly, arguing that both extremes, pure consumption and pure saving, create unsatisfying lives. The author starts by challenging the conventional personal finance narrative that portrays spending as bad and saving as good. This black-and-white framing causes people to feel guilty about any spending, which is both unrealistic and unhealthy. Alternatively, people who reject this narrative sometimes swing to the opposite extreme, spending freely without regard for the future. Housel proposes a more nuanced framework. Money has different values at different life stages and for different purposes. A dollar spent on meaningful experiences in your 20s might provide more lifetime value than that dollar invested. A dollar saved in your 40s, when you have dependents and obligations, might be more valuable than a dollar spent on luxury items. The art is allocating money wisely across time based on circumstances and values. The first principle, establish your baseline security. Housel argues you can't enjoy spending if you're constantly anxious about the future. Before optimizing spending for present enjoyment, ensure you have adequate emergency savings, manageable debt, and progress toward retirement. The exact amounts depend on personal circumstances, but the principle is universal. Security first, optimization second. Once security is established, spending guilt should largely disappear. If you're consistently saving an adequate percentage for the future and have your security foundation in place, spending the rest on things that enhance your life is not just acceptable, it's the entire point of having money. spend more on your life today than you think you should. This surprises people coming from Housel, but he's serious. Many people, especially natural savers, under invest in present experience. They defer so aggressively that they sacrifice health, relationships, and opportunities that can't be recovered later. Money in retirement is worth far less than money during your peak health and energy years. Housel shares the example of someone who saves aggressively from age 25 to 65, then tries to enjoy their wealth, but lacks the health and energy for the experiences they deferred. Contrast this with someone who saves adequately, but also spends meaningfully on experiences throughout their life. The second person has less wealth at 65, but more total life satisfaction across all 65 years. The key is adequately. You still need to save enough for security and eventual retirement, but many people save excessively while living minimally, which is as much a mistake as spending excessively while saving inadequately. the right balance is personal and changes over time. Housel emphasizes that there's no universal correct saving rate or spending pattern. Someone in their 20s with high earning potential might reasonably save less and spend more on experiences and skill development. Someone in their 50s with children and aging parents might need to save more aggressively. Someone who genuinely enjoys their work might care less about early retirement and therefore save less. The mistake is following generic advice without considering your specific situation, values, and goals. Financial planning should be personalized, not cookie-cutter. money is finite, time is finite, but they're not equivalent. You can always potentially earn more You cannot create more time. This asymmetry should influence spending decisions. Spending money to save time is often a trade worth making. Spending time to save money is often a trade worth avoiding, especially as you age and time becomes increasingly precious. Housel recommends calculating your time value, roughly your hourly earnings after tax. Then use this as a benchmark. If you're spending 2 hours to save $30, but your time value is $40 per hour, you're making a bad trade. This doesn't mean always choosing convenience. Sometimes the activity itself has value beyond the time spent, but when it's pure time-money tradeoff, be honest about the math. The fifth principle, regret runs both directions. People often fear spending money they might need later, the regret of spending too much, but Housel argues that too much and too little spending both create regret. The person who sacrificed all enjoyment to die rich has failed as badly as the person who enjoyed everything and died broke. The goal is dying with approximately the right amount, having lived well throughout life without creating financial stress. The chapter concludes with Housel's suggestion to think in terms of seasons. Your financial life has different seasons with different appropriate approaches. Early career might emphasize investing in skills and experiences. Family years might emphasize security and stability. Pre-retirement might emphasize aggressive wealth building. Retirement is for thoughtfully spending down what you've built. Each season has its appropriate balance of spending and saving. The mistake is using one season's strategy throughout all seasons. Chapter 6 Spending aligned with values. In the final section, Housel addresses what he considers the master key to spending well, ensuring your spending patterns align adopted values, social pressure, or unconscious defaults. The author starts with an observation. If you looked at someone's bank statement, you'd know what they actually value, regardless of what they claim to value. Spending patterns reveal true priorities. The person who says family is most important, but spends every weekend working, is revealing their real priority. The person who says health matters, but spends nothing on quality food or exercise, is revealing theirs. This isn't judgment, it's awareness. The gap between stated values and spending patterns creates cognitive dissonance and unhappiness. You feel like you're not living authentically because you're not. Closing this gap requires either changing your spending or being honest about your actual values. Housel provides a framework for aligning spending with values. First, explicitly identify your top five Not what you think you should value or what others value, what actually matters most to you. For some, it's family. For others, freedom or creativity or health or adventure. There's no right answer, but there must be an honest answer. audit your spending from the past 3 months. What percentage of discretionary spending supports each of your stated top values? For most people, this exercise is uncomfortable. They discover they're spending substantial money on things unrelated to their values while under spending on what supposedly matters most. create a values-based spending plan. Allocate spending deliberately to support your stated values. If family is your top value, spending on activities with family, living near family, or creating family experiences should be a major category. If health is your top value, spending on nutrition, fitness, and preventive care should be protected while spending on things that undermine health should be minimized. Housel emphasizes that this isn't about judgment of particular values. If status genuinely matters to you more than experiences, own that and spend accordingly. If luxury brings you genuine joy, allocate money to luxury without guilt. The problem isn't what you value, it's claiming to value one thing while spending in ways that contradict it. The author addresses social pressure, which he identifies as the biggest obstacle to values-aligned spending. Humans are social creatures programmed to seek belonging and avoid exclusion. When everyone around you spends in certain ways, deviating feels risky even when it aligns with your values. You skip the expensive group dinners because you'd rather spend that money on a hobby, but you feel excluded and judged. Housel's advice, find your people. Seek out communities and friendships with people whose values and spending patterns align with yours. If you value experiences over possessions, cultivate friendships with people who'd rather go hiking than shopping. If you value financial independence, build relationships with people who prioritize saving over status. This removes the pressure to spend against your values and creates positive reinforcement for values-aligned choices. One powerful concept Housel introduces is spending identity. Just as people have identity around their career or interests, you should have clarity about your spending identity. Are you someone who values experiences, quality over quantity, convenience and time, status and impression, simple living? There's no right answer, but having a clear identity makes individual spending decisions easier because you're not starting from scratch each time. The author also addresses the challenge of partnerships. When two people with different values or spending identities share finances, conflict is inevitable unless they explicitly address it. Housel recommends couples have honest conversations about values, create space for each person to spend according to their values within agreed boundaries, and find overlapping values to invest in together. He shares the example of a couple where one valued travel and the other valued home comfort. Rather than constant conflict about every spending decision, they agreed to allocate specific budgets to each priority. The travel lover could spend their budget on trips without judgment. The home lover could spend theirs on home improvements without judgment. And neither felt resentful because the system was fair and explicit. Housel also addresses changing values. What you value at 25 isn't what you'll value at 45. Your spending patterns should evolve as your values evolve. The mistake is maintaining spending patterns from a previous life stage because they're familiar or expected. Regular reflection on whether your current spending aligns with your current values prevents this drift. The chapter concludes with Housel's most important insight. Spending money well is not about following rules or achieving some objective standard. It's about intentionality and alignment. When your spending aligns with your values, supports your goals, and reflects conscious choices rather than defaults or pressures, you'll feel wealthy regardless of the absolute amounts involved. And when there's misalignment, you'll feel poor no matter how much you earn or own. We've explored Morgan Housel's complete framework for the art of spending money. Understanding money's real purpose, improves life, avoiding the traps that create financial stress, balancing present and future, and ensuring spending aligns with your actual values. The power of Housel's approach is that it reframes spending from a necessary evil or guilty pleasure into a skill, perhaps the most important financial skill, because it directly determines quality of life. You can be brilliant at earning and saving, but if you're terrible at spending, you'll never build a satisfying life. Let's recap the core principles. Money exists to create security, freedom, and Ensure your spending serves these purposes. Spend on appreciating purchases that gain value over time rather than depreciating ones that lose it. Avoid the spending traps of lifestyle inflation, status competition, and emotional purchasing. Use money to buy back your time and control. Balance present enjoyment with future security. Both extremes create regret. And above all, ensure your spending patterns align with your genuine values rather than adopted ones. Here's your action plan. First, complete the values audit. List your top five values. Then audit your spending to see if your money is following your values. this reveals significant misalignment that's creating dissatisfaction. categorize your regular spending as category. Third, identify one spending trap you've fallen into and create a specific plan to escape it. The beautiful truth is that spending money well doesn't require earning more. It requires spending more intentionally. Many people earning modest incomes who spend wisely feel wealthier and more satisfied than people earning substantially more who spend poorly. The difference isn't the amount, it's the alignment between spending and Remember Housel's central message. You're not trying to maximize your wealth. You're trying to build the life you actually want. Money is just the tool. Spending is how you use that tool. And like any tool, it can be used skillfully or clumsily. Most people use it clumsily, which explains why so many people feel financially stressed despite earning comfortable incomes. If this summary changed how you think about spending money, let me know in the comments what insight resonated most or what spending pattern you're going to change. And if you want the complete depth of Housel's wisdom with more examples and frameworks, pick up The Art of Spending Money. It might be the financial book that actually improves your life rather than just your bank balance. Until next time, remember, every dollar you spend is a vote for the kind of life you're building. Spend on what matters. Skip what doesn't. Buy time and freedom whenever possible. And never feel guilty about spending aligned with your genuine values. That's not wasteful. That's the entire point of having money. Thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jawadahmed3824 [3 likes]: MOST POWERFUL BOOK THANK YOU
  2. @biivincent8905 [3 likes]: This is the most powerful audio ever prepared.This is liffe-transforming information.
  3. @robertdavis4043 [2 likes]: 🎉🎉🎉
  4. @robertdavis4043 [2 likes]: Great❤❤
  5. @Bimela_Felix [1 likes]: I love the voice over 
Which AI are you using

Add sub titles
  6. @tanyakolesowa8773 [1 likes]: Thank you
  7. @BryanGarcia671: Do you think this approach still works the same way in high inflation environments?
  8. @BryanGarcia671: This is one of those videos that seems simple at first but actually sticks with you after.
  9. @mediapyme2549: accurate
  10. @poophaa: Best summary... well done!
  11. @johnhamadi-i4b: Insightful ❤
  12. @pastorpeaceasiriuwatv4122: Powerful,I'm blessed,more grace
  13. @meljordan220: I found a contradiction already. In the early part it says to have somebody else mow your lawn or do those tasks so that you can have a better experience of life then a few minutes later it says that we waste money doing that. You have to decide which way you're going
  14. @bamideleakande5959: Greatly appreciated.

- The Psychology of Spending Money to Impress Others In 2026 | The Real Reason People Overspend: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever bought something expensive? Not because you needed it, but because you wanted other people to notice you. Many people spend money to look successful, to feel accepted, or to impress friends and strangers online. They buy luxury clothes, expensive phones, and flashy things. even when they are struggling financially. But the truth is most people stop caring after a few minutes and then move on with their own lives. Meanwhile, the debt grows, stress increases, and happiness slowly disappears. Real wealth is not about looking rich. Real wealth is having peace, freedom, and control over your money. If you learned something from this video, make sure to like, subscribe, and follow for more powerful financial lessons.

- Luxury Fashion Is For Broke People: Kind: captions Language: en the rich don't dress like you think they do they aren't buying Gucci belts St laon bags or Versace robes the middle classes take a look at these three bags two are from Walmart and one is from Louis Vuitton can you tell which one is the luxury brand sure it's easy when the LV logo is plastered all over it but I lied one of those other bags isn't from Walmart it's actually a Birkin worth over $30,000 mainstream luxury fashion brands have trained us to believe that branding is everything when in reality most high-end products are really only status symbols for those that can't afford it real luxury hides in plain sight if youve seen the show succession you're probably aware of how one character's featuress $625 cashmir hat help popularize conversations regarding stealth well while famous movie stars are often pictured in the regular designer brands that you've heard of like Gucci and Balenciaga many times they're paid to advertise it the truly Rich that aren't constantly in the spotlight have an entirely different kind of wardrobe one based around minimalism quality and fit for example those plain gray t-shirts that Mark Zuckerberg wears they are $400 custom made from Brunello Cinelli yet to most people it looks like it could be from Target in fact when the truly Rich do wear traditional luxury Brands such as pra and Valentino they have access to exclusive designs that hide their branding when most people think of luxury items they're often reminded of brands that have strong advertising and a recognizable logo or design whether that be a Rolex watch a Lamborghini sports car or Gucci flipflops they're all easily identifiable as luxurious while billions of advertising dollars have been spent to ingrain that message into your mind often they aren't the Pinnacle of quality by any means they are simply highly regarded as a status symbol like many other animals on Earth we place value on status symbols as they can project value upon ourselves male peacocks use their colorful feathers to attract a mate Penguins collect Pebbles to prove their worth and US humans purchase douchy luxury goods it's all the same status symbols merely attempt to prove that their owner is valuable the reason we don't see the ultra rich like Jeff Bezos dripped out and Gucci is because we all know he's Rich he doesn't need to prove it however when you see your neighbor or coworker wearing a new designer outfit you immediately begin to wonder about how they are able to afford it turns out a lot of the time they can't why you wear huh why do you dress like that like like that what's you wearing you look poor in places with great income inequality those people with lower incomes live under significant social stress their lower position in the social hierarchy is more obvious and More consequential in response some people purchase the kinds of goods that create the impression that they have money to spare even when they don't researchers examined Google search Trends across the US and found that people in states with relatively High income inequality were more likely to search for luxury Brands than those in other states you can actually map this correlation and you can see searches for luxurious Brands like Ralph Lauren or items like fur vest have the same breakdown as did the map of income inequality despite what we think that common luxury items are only purchased by the rich it's actually the lower and middle class consumers that account for nearly half of the luxury goods Market globally people like to criticize those that overspend yet they don't realize why people do it in the first place for example overpriced Air Jordan sneakers are popular amongst young African-American men including those from poor neighborhoods despite the fact that purchasing them might cause more financial stress for many it's considered a necessity critics of spending above your means on luxury items often fail to recognize the underlying effect that these luxury goods can have for some their status in society is insecure many people who are low-income can't afford to appear like they are low income it's hard to attract a romantic partner if you look like a broke loser and good luck getting a good job if you show up at an interview looking like someone who's never had a good job before the most obvious proof that these luxury items act as a necessary status symbol for the middle class is the sheer number of counterfeits that exist from New York's Canal Street to China's Alley Express you'll find no shortage of logo riddled items their quality is usually subpar at vest yet its demand continues to grow the more extreme income inequality becomes the more pressure people feel to create the impression that they are succeeding when the co pandemic shut down nearly everything it caused many middleclass folks to lose their jobs and place significant financial strain on the entire world you'd think luxury spending would crash during a time of Global Financial uncertainty yet the exact opposite happened Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton lvmh for short is a French conglomerate that owns many Brands such as Tiffany and Dior oddly enough the last few years has been an incredible growth period for lbmh it's Mark cap at one point crossed over half a trillion dollars and Bernard Arno CEO of lvmh became the richest person alive with a net worth over $200 billion there's not a singular reason why this happened but experts point to a few key findings that help tell the story for one studies continue to prove that income inequality causes both the rich to consume more luxury goods as they can afford to but also that poor individuals similarily consume more as a means to present themselves successful governments across the world also gave out stimulus checks during this period and many people used it to buy luxury items perhaps it's because they didn't know what else to use it for but studies show it's indicative of a cultural shift regarding how we view luxury a study from Bane found that jenzy consumers are starting to buy luxury items some 3 to 5 years earlier than Millennials at 15 years old versus around 18 to 20 gone are the days where luxury items were exclusively for the rich now it's merely a savings goal for younger generations to eventually purchase these items by now pay later platforms like afterpay and luxury resale sites like the real real offer even more ways for those financially insecure to partake in this illusion people have babies with no money all the time and if you're so worried about it why don't you stop buying designer clothes huh I buy everything on eBay it doesn't count when you're wearing Marc Jacobs from Minneapolis as younger gener Generations increase their consumption of luxury goods these products lose their value as a means to Signal wealth even in the Simpsons what was supposed to be a cartoon about a lower middle class family has now done a collaboration with Balenciaga it's clear that mainstream luxury fashion brands had begun shifting away from targeting the rich and instead towards advertising to the middle class to rationalize their expensive price relative to Quality these luxury brands are careful to thread the needle between grow grow and scarcity many companies do limited production runs or even destroy their excess inventory to create scarcity luxury fashion items have some of the highest margins across all Industries and they keep it that way through projecting a false sense of exclusivity the idea that luxury has been diluted by the middle class has resurfaced many discussions regarding two so-called factions of well old money and new money old money would be someone like a member of the Walton family who famously founded Walmart and new money would be someone like your uncle who apparently made Millions buying Bitcoin being old money suggests a kind of generational familiarity to wealth that doesn't require someone to show it off compared to new money was suggest someone didn't grow up rich and has a need or desire to project their new found wealth this tension between old money and new money has existed forever perhaps most famously explored in F Scot Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby so social media especially since the show's succession seems to have really obsessed over the idea that old money is classy and new money is trashy especially when it comes to how they dress in the show when luxury items were worn they weren't from Brands you probably ever heard of and besides looking well fit and of high quality they weren't anything unique they are ridiculously expensive but only other rich people would know the show clearly suggests that old money has quiet luxury and new money left subtlety and everyone's laughing up their sleeves about your date what why why because she's brought a ludicrously capacious bag what what's even in there huh when we think of mainstream luxury Brands the first thing that comes to mind is often clothing that has its logo plastered all over it but most fashion brands such as Ralph Loren or Gucci typically also have a secondary sub brand or style that lacks any obvious signs of branding but also being higher quality and more expensive it's kind of like how Tech subscriptions have evolved you can use the cheaper version with ads or pay for premium and get a higher quality adree experience funny enough an entire fashion subculture has now emerged that tries to emulate the old money aesthetic on a budget which really just seems to be fashion designs like this companies like Zara and H&M have capitalized on this trend and although to some extent this is just another way of projecting a false sense of status at least it can be far less expensive and not nearly as obnoxious it goes without saying that not everyone that purchases flashy luxury items are insecure posers some just really like the brand and that's perfectly fine advertising and social media has effectively allowed Brands to communicate unique identities around their products and there's enough variety for everyone to find something they like there isn't anything inherently wrong with saving up to purchase a luxury item often people do it as a gift to themselves to celebrate an achievement the problem arises when these are used as a tool to project status especially during times of economic hardship while owning a home has become Out Of Reach for many in the middle class luxury consumption for the same demographic continues to go up while some may say it's our own fault as our priorities have shifted perhaps regular folks have merely given up on what used to be attainable and these luxury brands have done a better job of capitalizing on our insecurities so the next time you find yourself wanting to splurge on a luxury brand question the reason you have that desire in the first place is it because you actually really like it and think it provides a lot of value per dollar or is it something more who are you really buying it for yourself or so that others can see you owning [Music] it

  Top Comments:
  1. @RaisedMedia [5000 likes]: To be clear, the rich often still do wear items with the logo all over it. Everyone has their own style. The point is that these luxury items are no longer exclusive to the rich, in fact many luxury brands make up over half their revenues from the middle class! Nobody is judging you for wearing what you like, the point is that these brands have benefited from significant growth by targeting those in the middle and lower class. These luxury items are now engrained into our culture as status symbols of financial and social security and for many, have become essential to own.
  2. @PAVELKOULIKOV [1 likes]: If you really want some item from an expensive brand and it will make you really happy then go ahead and buy it. 
But if it is only to show off to others it is ridiculous, specially if in other areas of your life you are clearly not on that level. 

For example, it is ridiculous to buy a Rolex to prove others that you are high status, if you pay rent and live with roommates. 
It is ridiculous to own some Gucci shit if you barely have any food for your day.
  3. @AmantReid [1 likes]: The bigger the logo the poorer the target customers.
  4. @patthonsirilim5739 [1 likes]: Rich people flex business jets and there estate things like clothing and jewelry is simply too cheap
  5. @mochii124: 1 day or day 1?
  6. @risue08: When you think "time is gold, money will return" it's almost a luxury to many.
  7. @as7river: The ultimate luxury flex is not caring about money.
  8. @dvdmtz79: Another distinction is knowing how the brands are pronounced. Over pronouncing ‘Ralph Lauren’ is one such example. Also, the Birkin shown looks like their regular cow leather which are not $30k. They are around a $10k which still isn’t cheap but is disingenuous to over-inflate for shock value when the correct price would do the same.
  9. @BrothaEnock: The most luxurious brands I’ve been wearing for the last years are my friends clothing brands.
  10. @thatboymarlinlen: I understand the video but rich people also often times don’t have fashion sense 😅
  11. @rodser1549: Buy what you can afford and what  you want to wear.
  12. @SUB-IN-SUPER: There is no bigger irony than to see someone with a Gucci belt, a Hermes or YSL bag on public transport.
If you’re REALLY rich, you wouldn’t be wearing flashy logos or pay hundreds if not thousands of dollars for a designer bag.
There are so many instances where I see a ‘wannabe hood-rich’ in Moncler, LV hat and Dsquared jeans, Canada Goose or Gucci stuff.
In Sweden we have a word from them: They’re called “blatte”.

You’re not buying the quality, you’re paying for the “status” or rather the illusion of it.
And I learnt that down the road.

Nowdays I wear things that are very minimal or subtle.
Usally a Canali blazer with a pair of Corneliani pants.
  13. @Skitty235: The thing I’m learning is that you don’t need to spend a lot of money, as a woman I have a few good structured bags from the thrift store, those already elevate the look vs a floppy canvas bag. Buy costume jewelry and focus on the shape and silhouette of your clothes. Also wear nicer shoes if you have them, I’ve thrifted a lot of heels and other shoes.
  14. @darnellgill7100: Quality matters, I’ll pay a decent price for that. But if we talking about the price costing the same amount as a car or house, I’ll pass 😎
  15. @FOTOPROFAI: you can't even spell cucinelli right in the first place, however making statements about someone judging by what they wear in 2026... how did you survive until this day at all ? :)) is that 600 usd cap more interesting than balenciaga's provocations or gucci's iconic monograms? is that grey t shirt worth 400 will be more fun to wear than some extraordinary design t shirt? comparing billionaires in the glass penthouses with people who just probably have a normal well paid job and life is absurd, but if broke people are trying to look rich wearing such items, does not mean that these brands become bad or less valuable, right? the same shit with cars, right? billionaires drive toyota's, but did you check whats inside their garage? tons of Ferrarís and Rolls Royces, no? I will always find such "theories" a biggest cringe created by some smart teenagers who can't afford neither gucci, nor cucinelli, but as always talk a lot .
  16. @Rdelevi: A bunch of pretty big assumptions here for this premise. Wealth inequality allegedly drives wasteful spending, but the opposite is just as possible. People can be on the wrong end of wealth inequality in one of the most mobile economies in the world because of wasteful spending.
Also claiming that people brought more luxury goods in 2020 because of lost economic opportunity and not because they had thousands of dollars dropped into their accounts by governments specifically to stimulate spending also feels like a reach.
  17. @motorcityneedlearts-sy1dv: Counterfeits look real thus the lack of scarcity
  18. @motorcityneedlearts-sy1dv: Yep
  19. @swyaseen: So rich people just like over paying for simple stuff.  😂
  20. @JudeKS10: I think it's just that, for normal people, if you spend that much on something stupid you want people to know. Whereas for really rich people, they cost the less than going thrifting (pre 2020) for average people, so they don't care that much anymore and just prioritize quality

- Why China Is Behind The Global Luxury Slowdown: Kind: captions Language: en China used to be the promised land for the $380 billion luxury goods business. Now it is the land of losses. Today, we're looking at why the luxury business became so dependent on China and why it's suffering now. I'm Robert Frank for inside Wealth and you know, luxury goods sales total about $380 billion a year. But last year they declined 2%. And the reason was China. Luxury lost 50 million consumers over the past few years. And that is all because they bet so big on China. But after Covid, the young Chinese stopped buying. You had an economic crisis there and more importantly, a psychological crisis among young, wealthy consumers. Youth unemployment soared to over 20%. And rather than buying stuff and status, young people wanted experiences and memories. So the whole market shifted. But there's another secret reason for why luxury is suffering in China, and that is the rise of local brands. From watches to jewelry to fashion, even supercars. China is now making its own luxury products. And because there's a new kind of nationalism in China that values Chinese brands, luxury companies are now winning over the European brands. So I want to tell you about a watch company in China called Atelier Yuen. This is by two French people that live in China, have worked in China for years. They just launched a new watch that is titanium, that's got a double sapphire crystal that is a gorgeous purple color that costs $3,500. It's taking the country by storm. A watch like that from Switzerland would cost ten times as much. And by the way, China brands are doing the same thing with supercars, with other luxury goods, and this is a big threat to the European companies. The stocks of the big luxury giants like LVMH, Richemont, caring. They all fell over 20% last year because they built so many stores in China. They were betting their future in China. And by the way, ten years ago, China accounted for half of all luxury sales in the world. They expected that would grow instead. Now China accounts for only 12% of luxury goods sales. There are two kinds of companies that are doing okay in China. The first is the very high end companies Hermes, Cucinelli, Loro Piana. Those companies sell quiet luxury and the really rich in China are still buying. The other companies that are doing well are those that market in a local language, in products that are geared toward a Chinese customer and that actually feel more like China brands, even though they may be Chanel, Dior or European brands, they feel, at least to China, luxury consumers, more like local companies.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jimmyyoh8144 [2 likes]: Chinese are still buying HIGH QUALITY brands made in China, not the OVER PRICED European medium quality goods. Chinese are getting smarter.
  2. @switchbladeromance1466 [1 likes]: We bought a car made from noodles 😂
  3. @switchbladeromance1466 [1 likes]: Super fakes 😂😂😂
  4. @bearingcee [1 likes]: LIES! China makes almost every luxury brand sold in the west. This video is absolutely wrong. China isn't producing knock off products, they are producing the real deal for the actual company, companies like Louis Vutton. Are there knock offs coming out of china? Absolutely!
  5. @tamlamoore7962 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤💚💚💚💚💚💚
  6. @xXx....... [1 likes]: Luxury brands is the biggest scam ever.
  7. @daniel070487 [1 likes]: that's what you get when designer don't produce in Italy anymore and do it in china. just look at the quality drop on the Balenciaga Triple S after they moved production.
  8. @ΧΝΧΝ: China should put tariffs on western cars
  9. @szesze-bw8fz: NO!  Chinese craves foreign imports, the more expensive the better!  They just don't have the means at this moment. 😢
  10. @SuccessMindset2180: Well, because they want to sell more of their cheap crap
  11. @TahaRao-g8z: China company global koyla
  12. @LaurenArline: There is no competition in the fashion industry. These imitations have reached a whole new level  :yt: amzrepe :yt:.
  13. @yanpinghuang3963: I don’t understand why you are blaming China when your clearly repeating that “ Rather then buying stuff and luxury young people want to go to exploring”why would we buy luxury stuff when we have high quality stuff? Thanks to China, we know how to ACTUALLY buy things that are GOOD USE
  14. @yubstep: Chinese found out European product were made in china. Lol this is why they stopped by their own products with European names
  15. @islandpersuasion4690: Yt people must hate someone or something. It’s like they HAVE to punch down on someone. Can’t just co exist.
  16. @AAAAAA-tj1nq: People who spend more than £100 on a bag is scam
  17. @BarbaraWeldon-q6t: I believe that no one would take the bag I bought from :yt: amzrepe :yt: to a professional organization for appraisal without my consent. Usually, on the street, only professionals can tell the difference between the bag and the authentic one (I don't understand it). So sometimes buying replicas is not a bad thing, the key is that the quality of the replicas is good enough.
  18. @ChibiSteak: 3:42 fin
  19. @lordpis6479: coz they imitate everything
  20. @seafortress7541: China-made products played a significant role in the decline of Nokia and other signature brands. A key strategy of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has been to control and eventually dominate the global market. One of their primary tactics is to mass-produce goods and flood international markets with low-cost products — a strategy made possible by their abundant and inexpensive labor force.
As these products saturate the market, established brands struggle to remain competitive. Their offerings often come at a higher price point, while Chinese alternatives provide similar — or even more — features at a fraction of the cost.
Moreover, Chinese manufacturers are quick to load their devices with a variety of features to attract consumers. By the time a well-known brand is ready to release its next model with updated capabilities, it has often already been outpaced by Chinese brands that offer more for less.
This overwhelming influx of cheap, feature-rich products creates an uneven playing field, especially for countries and companies that lack the capacity for mass production on the same scale. It raises serious questions about fair competition and long-term sustainability in global markets.
This unfair trade also KILLS LOCAL MANUFACTURERS and LOCAL PRODUCTS.

- Why Chinese Students Are Obsessed With Luxury: Kind: captions Language: en I'm sure you've seen those pesky Chinese international students trying their best to max out their performative male stats by wearing Stussy Essentials, drinking matcha, lab boooos, of course, wearing all Chrome Hearts, Balenciaga, Chanel, sitting in the Rolls-Royce, eating their Michelin star one dish, one bite meal. Well, what if I told you that all of this was actually a facade? Cuz they're not actually as rich as you think they are. They're actually even more rich than that. And a lot of these guys and girls enroll in what's called a socialite training course. And this socialite training course is where love, luxury, and LinkedIn have merged into the same hustle. I know that is one crazy statement. If you think I'm exaggerating, let's just say, you know, it's been reported that some dudes and some women pay over 30,000 R&B per class to learn this stuff. And now, what does this course offer? I'm not here to sell you a course, okay? I I'm here to stray you away from this course. I'm sure none of you are going to take this anyways, unless you are like unless you've really dropped to the lowest part of society. But essentially modern finishing schools where mostly young women and men learn everything from how to network in exclusive circles with the highass rich. So like why is this even a thing right in this extreme hyper competitive dating market in China? Social capital is as important as financial capital. Even here in America you'll see people renting out uruses. In China you'll see them renting out whole ass skyscraper and buildings. And with like marriage rates hitting like the lowest of the low, a lot of women are hedging their bets. They're training themselves to look like the perfect bundle, the perfect package that you can get. Well, because guys, when love looks like it's impossible, at least you can look the part. Let's break down what exactly you do in this $30,000 course. Dining etiquette. You rehearse western table manners. Knife in the right hand, napkin in your lap, teacup tilted at exactly 45°. This is an ultimate symbol of global polish. Small talk templates. You literally get conversational scripts. How to approach a CEO or how to casually mention your future investment portfolio on a first date. Last but not least, the most important, social media aesthetics. A lot of these trainees stage nearly identical photos, same hotel, same Dior handbag, same latte art. So, congratulations. By the end, you've uh become a walking brand. You might think this is just for bored rich kids, but actually the clientele is surprisingly diverse. Many of them are mid20s women with decent incomes who see adequate training as like a way to upgrade their marriage prospects. Others are ambitious small business owners hoping to break into elite networks. And yes, some men do this too, mostly to learn how to signal status. In short, if you've got cash, there's a syllabus with your name on it. Let's talk about the business model. We got flow of training, which goes to WeChat groups, which finally goes to Mixer invites. Here's where it gets a bit both genius and a little predatory. You don't just pay for the class, you pay for access. Some trainers even boast about their contact lists, about CEOs and investors. I mean, what's the point of learning perfect posture if no one is there to admire it? So, yes, it's basically Tinder, but if Tinder charged $4,000 upfront and made you rehearse your profile in real life, although they don't know how to create wealth, they surely know how to show it off. The term Fu Arai refers to trust fund kids and it's become one of the most hated group in China. But you know that that didn't stop them from getting millions of followers on Waybo. If I were beef, I would only be Wagu. Andy Guo, an 18-year-old Chinese immigrant, loves driving his red Lamborghini Huracan, does not love having to share the car with his twin brother, Anki. How lucky do you have to be to even like have that sentence like even say that the car is more fashion than function? I have a backpack, textbooks, and laundry, but I can't fit everything inside. And that is not the worst of it. A cop once pulled me over just to look at the car. Third world problems. Am I right? Some Chinese immigrants think a supercar is poor investment. Okay, because you know it its value decreases over time. So, um, better to just spend, you know, maybe just some small chump change of half a million dollars on, uh, two expensive watches and some diamonds instead, said Da Wang, 23, a University of British Columbia graduate student, says she owned more than 30 Chanel bags and a $200,000 diamond encrusted Richard Millie watch. Damn. Miss Wang normally drives her parents' Ferrari or Mercedes Mayback. when she visits them in Shanghai. But in Canada, her parents gave her a strict car budget of $150,000 Canadian. If you ask me, that's way too strict. She might as well be homeless at that point. So, she drives a less flashy Audi RS5, but you know, luckily uh they uh they had her play homeless where she had to leave her mansion without a phone, no wallet, just wearing her Victoria Secret pajamas and $1,000 Chanel shoes. And then uh she got kicked out of a Tim Hortons for sleeping, which really uh set her set her brain cell straight. I guess before that experience I never looked at a price tag, she said. Now I do. So all of that just for her to look how much this a million dollar watch would cost and still buy it. This entire phenomenon is the lover child of wealth and insecurity. You see, China's elite is new. Just 20 years ago, a lot of these families weren't rich. So there's this obsession with proving you belong. Combine that with social media where every bag and manicure gets scrutinized and you get an economy where you can literally buy a personality. It's just fascinating and very dystopian. There's actually a case for this pretty famous celebrity. Her name was Yak. And this influencer was accused of joining one of these socialike training courses to boast about her dating prospects and then marrying a very very wealthy businessman. Well, she uh denied everything, but then the internet exploded because it confirmed everyone's suspicion and uh even the the chats were leaked. All the group chats were leaked. So, you know, maybe every picture perfect life you see online is just paid production. So, does this actually work? According to a SCMP report, 45% of these graduates said it made them feel more confident, 22% said it improved their love life, and 33% said it changed nothing. except their credit card balance. In other words, maybe you're just better off buying yourself a vacation. Look, some of this is funny, but it's also kind of sad because somewhere along the way, a canon event happened between this timeline and we just decided love is now just a competition. And to deserve affection, you need a curriculum and a certificate. And maybe that's the most dystopian part because you can buy everything, even your identity. what's left that's actually real. Your personality might change and never go back to how it was before. So, the next time you see a selfie from a Shanghai penthouse, just remember the decent chance that it came with the 30,000 yen invoice. And if I'm found in one of these five-star hotels, just know I finally gave in. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @0-M-I-N-T-Y-0 [1 likes]: 2:31
  2. @justsomeone9695 [1 likes]: Well it has always been a competition, even when humans were chimpanzees finding a mate was a competition
  3. @mariamassey5468 [1 likes]: WHAT'S UP WITH THE MATTRESS, DUDE?
  4. @shannaw7865: Not all Chinese international student live luxury lives. Lots of us only shop at thrift stores and work the ass off to pay the expensive tuition fee. Those are rich kids from rich family in which their parents probably got these money from someone else who bribed them. So it’s dirty money. Normal or ordinary family kids have frugal life overseas.
  5. @IaninaBerlin: Let’s give in together 😂🎉
  6. @YamiParmar-l6n: 1:52 KARINA
  7. @Beautybymillz: Christian Dorio????😂😂😂😂
  8. @samsaraserpent: while im not at this level of wealthmaxxing i can say that especially as an intl student you have a luxuries back home and abroad you live a distinctly different life its sort of like you try to compensate in ways to make up for it 🥲most people i know bought their first luxury goods only in college. its probably an identity crisis now that im thinking abt it.
  9. @shadysaar: ahahah these fools. so basically if i start a brand and make it luxurious, i can sell it to all these fools and make big big money
  10. @weed-out: lol - this is mildly giving me flashbacks to the rich Asian kids in my ungrad I was friends with. I honestly felt fortunate to be friends with them...
  11. @R3nHoëk: Love is dead.
  12. @JoAnnAK30: Damn, I'm glad to just have my rent, electricity, and gas paid! And I'm behind on that. I settled for a hot guy working at a job he didn't really care about, but we fell in love. That was about 37 years ago. We love our hobbies, and try not to get evicted. Lol
  13. @weird_charly: All that ostentation, all that posing how rich you are? That is "nouveau riche"... gauche, ridiculous- cringe, basically. 
Eh, what do I know, I'm a middle class European with more education than money. Of all the things mentioned in the video, the only thing I'd like to test out is a real Maybach. Because quality.
  14. @gjuetar: Does China have male incels, or perhaps even male & female incels?! If so, could you please make a video on this subject. Thanks!
  15. @HotttKe-t9q: Yeah wifey karina perfect😍 1:53
  16. @pinacolada28: Mehr Schein als Sein. Ich finde es lächerlich.
  17. @ARex-game108: 8:12
  18. @johancoopman9216: Useless women. If that's real , good luck.
  19. @ValerieFelitto-r9k: .talk about Xi  for a moment.
  20. @Mygirlbird: Wonny, you are very entertaining!
QUESTION:  what country do you live in????  I’m guessing USA??

- 5 Luxury Brands the Elite Are OBSESSED With! 🌟: Kind: captions Language: en top 5 extravagant fashion brands loved by the Rich and Famous hello freemance family welcome back to another fabulous episode on our Channel today we're taking you on a glamorous Journey Through the top five extravagant fashion brands loved by the Rich and Famous these Elite Brands truly represent the Pinnacle of luxury and style but before we struck down this Runway make sure you hit that like button subscribe to freenance and don't forget to share this video with your friends are you ready let's count down from number five to the most adored fashion brand by the Rich and Famous kicking off our list at number five we have the iconic French fashion house Givenchy favored by a list celebrities like Beyonce Kim Kardashian and Meghan Markle Givenchy is known for its refined elegance and hope Couture designs can you imagine stepping out in a jaw dropping Da Vinci gown or tailored suit absolute sophistication if you think that's Chic just wait until you see what's coming up next but first if you're enjoying this video so far don't forget to hit that like button and let us know in the comments which fashion brand you find the most luxurious at number four on our list we have the legendary Italian brand Gucci with a history dating back to 1921 Gucci has become synonymous with opulence and Cutting Edge style beloved by celebrities like Lady Gaga Harry Styles and Rihanna Gucci's bold patterns and Unique Designs are truly showstoppers can you imagine rocking a Gucci Ensemble at your next red carpet event pure glamor ready for our top three make sure you're subscribed to freenance so you don't miss out on more amazing content like this coming in at number three we have a dazzling French brand Chanel founded by the legendary Coco Chanel this iconic brand has become the epitome of sophistication and timeless style worn by celebrities like Karen Knightley Margot Robbie and Pharrell Williams Chanel's classic Tweed jackets and little black dresses are a must-have for any Fashionista can you imagine attending a star studded event decked out in Chanel Trey chic we're almost at our number one pick so stay tuned and if you're loving this video be sure to share with your friends and give it a big thumbs up our runner-up at number two is the Magnificent Italian fashion house Versace known for its daring and bold designs Versace has been a favorite among celebrities like Jennifer Lopez Madonna and Dua Lipa with Viber patterns and head turning Silhouettes Versace is the go-to brand for anyone looking to make a statement can you imagine turning heads in a jaw-dropping Versace gown absolutely stunning all right freelance family it's time for our number one pick can you guess which fashion brand takes the top spot on our list drumroll please at number one we have the breathtaking French brand Dior founded by the legendary Christian Dior this iconic fashion house has been the epitome of luxury and sophistication for decades adored by celebrities like Natalie Portman Charlize Theron and Johnny Depp dior's Exquisite designs and unparalleled craftsmanship have made it the ultimate fashion brand for the Rich and Famous can you imagine gracing the red carpet in a show-stopping Dior ensemble simply spectacular and there you have it folks the top five extravagant fashion brands loved by the Rich and Famous which one was your favorite let us know in the comments below and if you enjoyed this video make sure to smash that like button subscribe to freenance and share this video with all your friends we love bringing you amazing content like this so stay tuned for more exciting episodes thanks for watching freemance family and we'll see you in the next video Until then keep dreaming big and stay fabulous

- How Luxury Brands Control Your Mind | The Psychology of Status & Desire #yt: Kind: captions Language: en Luxury brands don't just sell products, they sell identity. And today, I'll show you the psychological tricks they use to control your mind. Welcome back to Lux Psyche, where we decode luxury psychology and the hidden science behind elite behavior. Luxury brands are experts in manipulating emotion, desire, and perception. And after this video, you will never look at a luxury product the same way again. Let's begin. One, price equals status. Luxury brands raise their price because the higher the price, the higher the perceived status. This is called vevelin effect. Demand increases when price increases. A three Indian rupees lac bag doesn't cost three Indian rupees lac to make. You're paying for rare access, social status, and psychological exclusivity. They control your mind by making you believe expensive equals elite. Two, packaging. Dopamine. Luxury packaging is scientifically engineered. Studies show that humans release dopamine before opening something we believe is valuable. The smooth texture, the weight, the gold accents, the slow unboxing experience. This is anticipatory reward psychology. You feel luxury before you even touch the product. Three, scarcity illusion. Limited stock. Exclusive drop only from members. Scarcity increases desire. It activates your brain's FOMO trigger. Luxury brands use artificial scarcity to create urgency. Less availability equals more obsession. Four. Luxury stores control your senses. Ever noticed luxury stores smell the same, move slow, have dim lighting? This is sensory manipulation. Lighting makes products appear richer. Minimal displays increase perceived value. Slowpaced music calms you, increases purchase likelihood. Your brain thinks, "This environment feels expensive. I must be in something elite." Five, identity signaling. People don't buy luxury to show wealth. They buy it to show identity. It tells others, "I'm refined. I'm successful. I'm exclusive. I belong to a higher group." Luxury is a psychological shortcut for social status. Six. Design psychology. Luxury brands use shapes, textures, and colors intentionally. Gold equals prestige. Black equals power. Minimalism equals quiet wealth. Heavy weight equals quality. Symmetry equals trust. Everything is done with psychological strategy. Seven, the experience equals the product. Luxury brands create a story, not just a product. From the music to the bag to the velvet box to the celebrity associations, they sell emotions. They sell transformation. They sell who you want to be. Luxury is psychology. And once you learn these techniques, you won't fall for unconscious influence. You'll understand it. Subscribe to Lux Psyche for more luxury mindset and elite psychology.

- Parents’ Biggest Mistake: How We Unknowingly Raise Consumerist Children: Kind: captions Language: en Let's dive right into a seriously fascinating and honestly incredibly urgent topic for this explainer, the generational wealth paradox. Our core mystery today is why so many wealthy families end up losing absolutely everything they built and more importantly how we can actually prevent that from happening. We're going to unpack a framework today that literally flips standard wealth management completely on its head. To really grasp the scale of this problem, think about this number for a second, 70%. A staggering 70% of wealthy families lose their entire fortune by just the second generation. I mean that is incredibly fast. You spend an entire lifetime blood, sweat, and tears building a legacy and the data shows it's highly likely to vanish almost immediately after it's handed down. Crazy, right? But wait, it actually gets worse. You hit the third generation and that wealth destruction statistic skyrockets to 90%, literally almost everyone. By the time the grandkids are running the show, nine out of 10 family fortunes are completely wiped out. And this brilliantly illustrates our core issue today. The way we traditionally prepare the next generation to handle money is fundamentally broken. Section one, the generational wealth trap and exactly why standard tools fail. To ground this, let's look at tech investor Christopher Nelson. Living in Austin's super wealthy Silicon Hills, he looked around and realized this massive risk was staring his family right in the face. When we try to teach our kids about money, what do we do? We usually reach for the standard tools, you know, investment apps, allowance spreadsheets, maybe piggy banks. But Nelson realized these totally backfire. Why? Because they're really just teaching kids that money is only about stacking up more cash. The end result isn't a generation of responsible stewards. Instead, you get a generation of entitled consumers who just want to either hoard it or spend it. Section two, the radical vacation swap, breaking the cycle of entitlement. So to break this vicious cycle, Nelson knew he needed a massive paradigm shift. He took the expected, you know, the classic family trip to Disneyland and completely scrapped it. Instead, he made the radical choice to drop 15 grand to take his three young boys on a totally immersive service trip to Uganda. He partnered up with the Ugandan Water Project. Just think about that swap for a second. From a sprawling theme park to a developing nation. That is a profound pivot. And this wasn't some luxury vacation, either. On the ground in Uganda, his boys met their peers. Kids their exact same age whose entire daily lives revolved around basic survival. We're talking about children who spent hours every single day just fetching water. The contrast between their cushy Austin bubble and the harsh reality in Uganda was sharp and it was immediate. This is exactly where the magic of a lived experience really starts to take hold. And then, the breakthrough happened. One of his boys looked at the whole situation and asked this massive question. Dad, how much money does it actually cost to build a well here? Boom. Right there. That exact moment was the catalyst. It instantly shifted his kids from being potential wealth destroyers right into future wealth multipliers. They stopped looking at money as just a tool to buy stuff and actually started looking at it as a tool to solve complex problems. Section three. Four mindsets for multipliers. The repeatable framework. So, Nelson took the successful breakthrough and reverse engineered it into four specific, repeatable mindsets. First up is global perspective. You absolutely have to expand your children's horizons way beyond their local zip code. If kids only ever see their own neighborhood, their understanding of the world, and honestly, of opportunity itself, is severely limited. Bursting that privilege bubble is the essential first step. Number two is impact investing. We really need to stop teaching kids to just passively donate to charity. Instead, this framework suggests framing giving as a real investment. One that demands actual, measurable outcomes. When a child asked what it cost to build a well, they are thinking like an investor, measuring the real-world return on capital, and that completely changes how they view philanthropy. Third is problem-solving. The ultimate goal here is shifting kids from being passive consumers into active creators. When you expose them to massive global challenges and then empower them to imagine creative solutions, you're fundamentally training their brains to build, to fix, and to innovate. You are training them to be creators. Finally, we have intentional legacy building. This redefines what generational wealth actually means. It is not about just handing over a giant pile of cash. Real generational wealth means passing down the wisdom, the character, and the perspective to use those assets for good. Because if you just pass down the money without the wisdom, well, you become part of that 90% failure statistic we talked about earlier. Section four, building your family legacy, application in the real world. Now, it's one thing to understand these mindsets, right? But making them actionable requires a very specific approach. The wrong way to do this is through dry, forced lectures around the dinner table. It just doesn't work. The right way is through lived experiences. Your kids actually have to live the experience for the lesson to stick. And hey, here's a pretty sweet bonus for the planners out there. Immersive service trips done through registered charities can actually be fully tax deductible. Definitely a win-win. Now, I know what you might be thinking right now. Do I need to book flights to Uganda tomorrow to burst this privilege bubble? No, absolutely not. You can start this exact same process right in your own backyard. Local alternatives are incredibly powerful. You can take your kids to food banks, local shelters, or community rebuilding projects. The location isn't the magic ingredient here. The exposure is what matters. And that leads us to the real secret behind all of this, consistent exposure to different realities, and watching complex problems get solved in real time. Look, the goal of this exercise isn't to make your kids feel guilty about their privilege, not at all. The goal is showing them the tremendous opportunity brings an absolutely incredible potential for impact. You want them looking around and asking, "What local problems do I notice and what creative solutions can I imagine?" Ultimately, we are talking about raising future leaders, not kids who are afraid of wealth or kids who feel entitled to it. By shifting their perspective, you give them the absolute greatest inheritance possible, and that is purpose. So, I'll leave you with this final provocative thought to chew on. How will your family use its wealth today?

- 15 Lessons Rich Parents Teach Their Kids That The Poor Don’t: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] this is the sunday motivational video every Sunday we bring you a different type of video which should improve your life today we're looking at 15 lessons rich parents teach their kids that the poor don't welcome to a Lux calm the place where future billionaires come to get inspired hello a Luxor's welcome back to another exciting Sunday video this week we're taking a look at the differences in parenting employed by the rich in order to make sure their kids get a better shot at success in a long term this is something we've been interested in for a while especially since as time goes by we're considering having our own children and we most certainly wish to give them the right tools to get an advantage in life this video will benefit you no matter where you find yourself in life because you can still draw Amendola scens and advise the wealthy share with their kids so much to say that the right piece of advice provided early on or at the right time can make great differences in the long run if you are new here welcome be sure to subscribe and follow us on instagram at a lux so here are the 15 lessons rich parents teach their children that the poor don't number one understanding how money works while the poor remain financially illiterate this might sound basic to some of you but there aren't that many people who ask themselves how do people make money why am I being paid this much money by my employer what factors determine my salary or revenue how do taxes work can that be optimized what needs to happen to improve my finances rich parents usually make it a priority to discuss about the value and importance of money in their household as soon as possible this familiarizes kids from a young age with the concept of value in exchange for services provided they're introduced to the household expenses and put in real-life situations where they figure out pretty quickly that money is a lot harder to earn than it seems on the other end of the spectrum the poor never talk about money at home it's usually a secret how much money the parents earn or how that money is spent the only time the kids hear about money is when the parents are arguing about not having enough thus associating the entire concept with a negative feeling number 2 the difference between an asset and a liability the poor never know what's a good purchase and what's a bad purchase after poor people earn money they go ahead and spend it that's how you stay poor let us explain in as simple terms as possible an asset makes you money while a liability costs you money the problem here is poor people never realize what counts as a liability for example both the car you drive to the grocery store and the house you live in are liabilities they do not generate any revenue for you but demand money to keep running same goes with your new iphone fancy clothes your flat-screen TV and everything else you purchased without thinking while the rich focus all of their time and money on acquiring more assets buying an apartment that generates rent writing a book that generates revenue once it's completed purchasing a part of a business that's doing ok and more but a luxe most to rich people have fancy cars and fancy houses isn't that against what you're saying yes they do own luxuries but please pay very close attention because this is extremely important the assets pay for the luxuries rich people never buy luxuries from their own earnings want a fancy new car then figure out how to buy two apartments and use the rent from them to pay for leasing the car that way when you get rid of the car you still have money coming in this is a crucial difference in behavior when money starts coming in focus on buying assets instead of spending it number three they are not entitled to anything the rich know that the world can take everything away if they're not performing while the poor always look for someone else to take care of them being born in a wealthy family definitely has its advantages you have access to better tools better resources you don't have to worry about basic needs but you also open yourself up to new threats that poor people don't have to worry about there's a lot more to lose if you're not careful so the pressure is always on it's really important for the wealthy to teach their children that despite them getting a head start in life the journey ahead is just as long and they need to remain focused on growth not just maintaining the pace whether or not they'll be successful in life depends on their own actions and daddys money can only go so far family's fortunes where children feel entitled usually crumble in the third generation first there's someone who's really hungry and works incredibly hard to build wealth second their children grow as a sense that all they need to do is maintain the wealth lastly the third generation has lost its hunger feels entitled to success without work or sacrifice and usually spends it all stupidly teaching your kids the lessons from this video will help you to avoid this type of downfall number four how to be sociable and connect with other people you would think that more people would realize how important it is to be able to have a pleasant conversation with others successful people socialize their kids before the age of four not even kidding here's why if your child gets socialized that early other kids will want to play with them if they behave well with other kids other parents will want to take care of them when they play with their own children this has a massive snowball effect throughout life if people like you and like being around you this builds up and doors open up for you that otherwise wouldn't teachers will treat you better you'll get access to better job opportunities you'll make better friends so there's an entire tree of benefits that grows from early socialization we've learned this valuable lesson from dr. jordan Peterson's book twelve rules for life the book is between twenty and thirty five dollars depending on where you live but if you go to a Lux calm slash free book and sign up you can get the audiobook version for free you're welcome oh yeah poor people also are less likely to teach their kids to read because they themselves don't read number five stop expecting immediate results and avoid magical thinking we're so caught up in this instant environment we want to watch a movie Netflix you want to eat drive-through or order in want to have sex tender but most people don't realize that wealth and happiness don't fall into this instant category poor people expect to get rich quick to win a large sum of money or inherit property they have this weird expectation that their lives will somehow magically become better the irony is even if they somehow got their hands on a lot of money they're not educated enough to know what to do with it and eventually blow through it all rich parents make it a priority to teach their kids to play the long game long term thinking is one of the differentiating characteristics of the rich remember our video on the 15 things you can control in life in the bonus info there was a specific skill called trading with the future which the rich employ in order to get themselves an advantage over everyone else it's an incredible video filled with actionable insights check it out by clicking in the top right corner and something really interesting we discovered is how much progress you can make if you think about life in large batches of time say 5 10 20 years there's a really great quote from an interview Bill Gates did where he said most people overestimate what they can do in one year and underestimate what they can do in 10 years the year is almost over and that new year new me will make its way into your lives pretty soon but a lack sirs instead of planning for the next year why don't you start planning your next decade and maybe this time you'll do something about it number six how to create daily habits that on the long run give them incredible advantages one of the most valuable skills you can teach your child is how to create a habit for themselves habits are amazing and once you realize how valuable they can be your life changes it normally takes around 21 days to create a new habit and once you push through that 21 day limit you're off to the races that habit becomes a part of you you don't read enough transform reading time into a habit you want to get fit but never have the motivation to go to the gym make a habit out of it same goes for work if you make it a habit to organize and optimize your workflow large portions of your day open up for other things the rich use the power of habit to get ahead in life well the poor nurture toxic habits which lead their lives into ruin the power of habit is a tool that magnifies what you feed it the rich simply choose wealth creation actions as their daily habits while the poor picking negative routines careful what type of habits you instill in your child children learn from what you do not from what you teach them to do number seven money is a tool and it's a good thing how many times have you heard people say money is the root of all evil plenty huh all right think back to the person you heard saying it how successful were they how happy were they in their lives poor people blame their misfortunes on the lack of money in their lives and attribute an element of negativity to the concept of money this is because even when they get money it leads to more and more problems which they don't know how to tackle the rich do the exact opposite they understand that money is merely a tool which you use to navigate your life it's just pieces of paper and plastic with drawings on them which we exchange for material value nothing more nothing less stop taking money so damn personal and use it for what it was created for exchange it to make your life better it's very similar to scissors you can cut hair with them or you can stab yourself in the eye why people choose to do the latter is a major mystery to us once you start thinking of money like a tool the game suddenly changes and you'll stop harming yourself with it in the end number 8 increase income instead of lowering expenses one of the most valuable lessons a parent can teach their child is how to generate more money it takes the same amount of effort of work to barely survive or to make a fortune this might sound peculiar to some of you but it's the truth the difference is in the approach and the knowledge you use to back up that effort the smarter you are from a financial perspective the least amount of effort you have to deploy into the real world that's why Wall Street brokers earn so much more than miners who between these two do you think deploys the most effort poor people are always focused on lowering expenses as much as possible to the point that life almost isn't worth living do you think the rich care about buying a five-dollar coffee from Starbucks or not or spending $30 on a movie instead the wealthy put all their attention into increasing the amount of money flowing in if you radically increase your income there's always going to be large amounts of cash left over at the end of the month poor people teach their kids to lower expenses while rich people focus on increasing their income major difference combine that with lesson number two on this list and you have officially won the game of money number nine knowledge is more valuable than money in the long run there's another quote that we kept hearing a lot when we were getting started and it took a while to fully comprehend the true implications it had it goes like this invest in yourself it pays the best dividends sounds easy right but it has very little to do as going to school or reading books it has a lot more to do with increasing how valuable you are to the world the world rewards people who are valuable because valuable people can create value for others and in exchange for that value they can get whatever they want the concept of becoming a valuable person is not taught to their children by the poor even just a few of the wealthy bring it up when their child is growing but those who do see a higher probability of both success and Happiness there are many ways to become valuable from filling a position in the company to creating a product or service that people use to showcasing your talent to the entire world the more valuable you are the richer you'll become the only way to become more valuable is through the increase of knowledge skill level and time learn how to be better and then practice being better at it for long enough that you start to see noticeable differences it takes 10,000 hours to master anything that's why the rich have their children try a bunch of activities to get a head start on that number of hours someone who has knowledge will always be able to generate money because they are valuable to the marketplace the opposite is not always true sometimes knowledge can be too expensive to buy number 10 don't work for money have money work for you this is the centerpiece of how to get rich you can read as many books as you'd like go to seminars classes get an MBA whatever you want it's all based on this poor people exchange their time for money than spend it the rich use the money they get to create more money there are big differences in the approach to finance these two classes of people employ most people stay poor because they believe you need large amounts of money to invest otherwise there's no point while the rich are always looking for ways to add the smallest drop in the bucket of passive income they can find because it's not about the amount as much as it is about freeing up your time you can start a business these days with less than $100 if you know what you're doing or even for free as long as you're willing to put in the time as soon as you generate enough revenue use that money to pay for someone to do the things you used to do to keep that business running as you focus on growing and other things the concept of passive income and understanding how to use money to generate more money is the foundation to any wealth building strategy whenever anyone new asks us what's the first book anyone should read if they want to be rich we always answer with Rich Dad Poor Dad by Robert Kiyosaki it's the first financial book that made a difference in our actions and beliefs when we were starting out you'll find it translated into every language out there if you haven't read it we strongly urge you to pick it up as soon as possible if you don't want to buy the book at least go to a LOX com slash free book and sign up to get the audio version for free it is such a valuable book number 11 solving problems is the quickest way to get rich something the rich are quick to teach their children is the fundamental difference between getting paid and getting rich let us explain poor people get paid to take care of something someone else needs done for example deliver the newspaper wash the car answer the phone and more single activity jobs where you basically do the same thing over and over again the rich never do repetitive work because it's easily outsourced instead they focus on the big problem the bigger the problem you fix the richer you get that's how delivering the newspaper became content websites same results less hustle answering the phone became automated messaging which by the way Google has a new AI that will likely end the job of receptionists for good now let's take three iconic modern entrepreneurs Elon Musk Mark Zuckerberg and Jeff Bezos they all got super rich by solving problems for Humanity and creating products and services to serve that mission people will pay money for you to solve their problems teach your children that and they're off to the races number 12 not to waste time on things that do not correlate to the real world sorry to break it to you but nobody sees value in your ethnic or Gender Studies degree same goes for majors and degrees in journalism film and media history or fine arts to be honest we feel like the entire educational system right now is pretty messed up they're just repeating to you the same things that used to make sense a while back with blatant disregard for the future you're basically getting into massive debt over skills that one do not have a direct correlation to the marketplace you'll be performing in once you graduate and two if you are really passionate about any of those topics and put in the time to master them you have a better shot at making it on your own anyway we're lending money we don't have to kids who will never be able to pay it back for jobs that no longer exist that's crazy right that's what we've been doing for the past 40 years number 13 how to use good debt instead of bad debt like support ooh yeah there are two types of debt bad debt makes you poor while good debt makes you rich did your parents ever mention this to you when you were growing up probably not it's one of those lessons that the rich have figured out a long time ago other people and institutions will actually help you to get rich quicker if you know the difference between those it's all about the purpose of the debt poor people take out loans with the purpose of spending the money on liabilities they borrow money to get a new car to get a new phone to cover the necessities the rich only borrow money with the purpose of generating more money banks and investors love to lend money to this kind of project as long as you can clearly explain to them how your money will be safe and how you'll be able to pay it back that's how people build skyscrapers they don't pay out of their own pocket for the building not even for the land it's all borrowed the bank is certain that you'll be able to sell or rent the building and is willing to take that risk with you you just have to prove you know what you're doing and you've done this successfully in the past number fourteen 80% of the results come from 20% of the effort rich parents do not want their kids to be top of the class shocker right it has to do with the 8020 rule also known as the pair 2 principle or the pair 2 distribution which states that 80 percent of the outcome is the result of just 20 percent of the action in business 80 percent of the revenue comes from only 20 percent of the customers 20 percent of your employees basically do 80% of the work and so on this is a mathematical ratio that's been proven to be quite accurate in almost all enterprises and in life in general back to why rich parents don't want their kids to be the first ones in class it takes too much time and effort to improve with the smallest deviation you would need to dramatically increase the time you put in which doesn't leave enough for your real-life education there's more value to take out of experimenting in the real world than being inside and studying all night just to get 5 or 10 percent more on your exam we first discovered the 8020 rule in Tim Ferriss book the 4-hour workweek and to be honest we've been leveraging that concept ever since there's also another book called the 80/20 principle that's focused exclusively on this concept by Richard Koch you can get one of them for free when you sign up at a lakhs comm slash free be' between us we recommend the 4-hour workweek it's way more fun number 15 having money doesn't make you a better person it just solves some of the problems surprise surprise when you're thinking of rich kids you probably picture snotty arrogant pricks who believe that just because they have money they're better than everyone else that's not usually the case unless you inherit that money you probably works your butt off to get to where you are in life on the road to riches you got to understand how valuable humility can be and most rich people are very humble individuals because they never forget where they came from these values don't get lost humility and respect for others are some of the first lessons rich parents teach to their children because they know what it feels like to be sitting on the other side you should never be ashamed of having money or being successful it's actually something you should celebrate a lesson most people figure out too late in life is you can't buy a clear conscience no matter how much money you throw at it money pays for comforts of the body but not for comforts of the mind and soul we did two videos a while back where we went deep into what money can and can't buy we recommend you watch those immediately after this one if you haven't seen them already there's so much value in those videos you know what even if you did watch it when we originally posted them because you probably missed a few things which you only now will be able to notice click in the top right corner to go there now okay the question we want to leave you with is what lesson did your parents teach you that served you well in life if you're so kind please leave it in the comments for other people to benefit from we'll make sure to reply to those who we find the most interesting you know we actually read those comments right okay now here's your bonus fact for sticking around until the very end number 16 to raise their expectations want your kid to live a better life than you have teach them how to not put up with and raise their expectation some people say that the secret to happiness is lowering your expectations in order to achieve them well the secret to financial success is to raise them and then hit them the majority of people settle for mediocrity never take big risks for big wins the competition might be fierce at the top but there are definitely fewer players involved think of it like this would you rather have low expectations and meet them or would you rather fall short of the highest expectations possible if you compare both results you're definitely better off with the latter now if you've watched up to this point of the video please use the word risk in your answer to today's question just to keep things interesting see you in the comments true a lack sirs thank you for spending some time with us a Luxor's make sure to LIKE and subscribe so you never miss another video we also hand-picked these videos which we recommend you watch next thank you for being an a lexer and we'll see you back tomorrow you

  Top Comments:
  1. @g.g2248 [1 likes]: Hahahah she was talking cra about the bible " money is the root of all evil" but it is. The bible never says money is bad either it says the "love of money is" so god has no issues with money its where ur focus is at so this video trying to show money is amazig nah time is and howmu spend it and money can help that but not 1 priority, its called wisdom idiot
  2. @tobiasrekker5376: Risk
  3. @Welvaart_Sailboat: Then I guess I should find another female to make children with…
  4. @BrettGlanville: Risl
  5. @kenmccallum2629: Number 16 : Don't marry an idiot.
  6. @rabilahaiwas5901: Utterly
  7. @HoyHu-o4i: Good!! 😊
  8. @parjanyasau6464: Poor people who are good
  9. @jamesjanney4440: If your outflow exceeds your income your upkeep will be your downfall.
  10. @MedoraWhite: Risk! The biggest lesson my parents have taught me is to be grateful because I’ve always wanted more out of life.😢❤
  11. @CarolHalstead-h1g: I've been watching this I'm more 10 years now AR-15
  12. @luthandondlovu2863: Risk
  13. @TochiMusic-s5k: Risk
  14. @Liliwillomsm: Financial literacy: how do people make money, why am I being paid _ by my employer, what factors determine my revenue, how do taxes work, can they be optimised, what can be done to improve my finances, etc, financial literacy is important
Differentiating between an asset (makes money, like rented property, books, etc) vs liability (costs money)
Everything I have requires work, I'm not entitled to anything
Ability to socialise and connect with others
Read
Stop expecting immediate results and avoid magical thinking 
I can trade with the future, either for the present or for the future 
Habit formation
Children learn from what their parents teach, not what their parents preach
Money is a tool
Increase income instead of lowering expenses
Knowledge is more valuable than money, literally, knowledge makes you earn
10K hours to master something
Money should work for me, I shouldn't work for it
Solving problems is the fastest way to get rich, single activity jobs are outsourced but true problem solutions can be mostly automated/passive
Rich dad poor dad
Don't waste time on stuff that doesn't correlate to the real world
Bad debt vs good debt, use good debt
80% of outcome is from 20% of work 
4 hour work week
Having money doesn't make you a better person, be humble
Money pays for bodily comfort, not the comfort of the soul
Raise my financial expectations and hit them, would I rather fall short of my highest expectations or meet my low expectations?
  15. @zapatasghost: This entire idea is problematic in so many ways. This is literally false consciousness.
  16. @chellaynitz9886: I am so happy I found this channel on YouTube years ago, I don't have children but I have roommates and friends with children that I send these videos to and help 🤞make their lives better... Thank you Alux.,. You have helped me in so many ways 😄
  17. @DreamingGhost: 16. Raising expectations is a two-sided sword if you raise them too high.
  18. @eugintheonly9065: 5:04
  19. @rrreclarke: Risk
  20. @g.g2248: The greatest things my dad taught me was Self control is one the best things u can do in life and have control over which decide your choices in your life, never let passion overome good judgement, also if your going to drink alcohol ony drink the best and if you cant afford it u should not be drinking anyways then, wisdom is greater then gold, dont be a fool and learn from your own mistakes but let others be fools and observe and never do there mistakes, ask questions about everything always, and my favorite never lean on ur own understanding which by the way says that in the bible to but do your research first make sure you check everything out before acting on anythig in life.

- How to Raise Successful Kids -- Without Over-Parenting | Julie Lythcott-Haims | TED: Kind: captions Language: en You know, I didn't set out to be a parenting expert. In fact, I'm not very interested in parenting, per Se. It's just that there's a certain style of parenting these days that is kind of messing up kids, impeding their chances to develop into theirselves. There's a certain style that's getting in the way. I guess what I'm saying is, we spend a lot of time being very concerned about parents who aren't involved enough in the lives of their kids and their education or their upbringing, and rightly so. But at the other end of the spectrum, there's a lot of harm going on there as well, where parents feel a kid can't be successful unless the parent is protecting and preventing at every turn and hovering over every happening, and micromanaging every moment, and steering their kid towards some small subset of colleges and careers. When we raise kids this way, and I'll say we, because Lord knows, in raising my two teenagers, I've had these tendencies myself, our kids end up leading a kind of checklisted childhood. And here's what the checklisted childhood looks like. We keep them safe and sound and fed and watered, and then we want to be sure they go to the right schools, that they're in the right classes at the right schools, and that they get the right grades in the right classes in the right schools. But not just the grades, the scores, and not just the grades and scores, but the accolades and the awards and the sports, the activities, the leadership. We tell our kids, don't just join a club, start a club, because colleges want to see that. And check the box for community service. I mean, show the colleges you care about others. (Laughter) And all of this is done to some hoped-for degree of perfection. We expect our kids to perform at a level of perfection we were never asked to perform at ourselves, and so because so much is required, we think, well then, of course we parents have to argue with every teacher and principal and coach and referee and act like our kid's concierge and personal handler and secretary. And then with our kids, our precious kids, we spend so much time nudging, cajoling, hinting, helping, haggling, nagging as the case may be, to be sure they're not screwing up, not closing doors, not ruining their future, some hoped-for admission to a tiny handful of colleges that deny almost every applicant. And here's what it feels like to be a kid in this checklisted childhood. First of all, there's no time for free play. There's no room in the afternoons, because everything has to be enriching, we think. It's as if every piece of homework, every quiz, every activity is a make-or-break moment for this future we have in mind for them, and we absolve them of helping out around the house, and we even absolve them of getting enough sleep as long as they're checking off the items on their checklist. And in the checklisted childhood, we say we just want them to be happy, but when they come home from school, what we ask about all too often first is their homework and their grades. And they see in our faces that our approval, that our love, that their very worth, comes from A's. And then we walk alongside them and offer clucking praise like a trainer at the Westminster Dog Show -- coaxing them to just jump a little higher and soar a little farther, day after day after day. And when they get to high school, they don't say, "Well, what might I be interested in studying or doing as an activity?" They go to counselors and they say, "What do I need to do to get into the right college?" And then, when the grades start to roll in in high school, and they're getting some B's, or God forbid some C's, they frantically text their friends and say, "Has anyone ever gotten into the right college with these grades?" And our kids, regardless of where they end up at the end of high school, they're breathless. They're brittle. They're a little burned out. They're a little old before their time, wishing the grown-ups in their lives had said, "What you've done is enough, this effort you've put forth in childhood is enough." And they're withering now under high rates of anxiety and depression and some of them are wondering, will this life ever turn out to have been worth it? Well, we parents, we parents are pretty sure it's all worth it. We seem to behave -- it's like we literally think they will have no future if they don't get into one of these tiny set of colleges or careers we have in mind for them. Or maybe, maybe, we're just afraid they won't have a future we can brag about to our friends and with stickers on the backs of our cars. Yeah. (Applause) But if you look at what we've done, if you have the courage to really look at it, you'll see that not only do our kids think their worth comes from grades and scores, but that when we live right up inside their precious developing minds all the time, like our very own version of the movie "Being John Malkovich," we send our children the message: "Hey kid, I don't think you can actually achieve any of this without me." And so with our overhelp, our overprotection and overdirection and hand-holding, we deprive our kids of the chance to build self-efficacy, which is a really fundamental tenet of the human psyche, far more important than that self-esteem they get every time we applaud. Self-efficacy is built when one sees that one's own actions lead to outcomes, not -- There you go. Not one's parents' actions on one's behalf, but when one's own actions lead to outcomes. So simply put, if our children are to develop self-efficacy, and they must, then they have to do a whole lot more of the thinking, planning, deciding, doing, hoping, coping, trial and error, dreaming and experiencing of life for themselves. Now, am I saying every kid is hard-working and motivated and doesn't need a parent's involvement or interest in their lives, and we should just back off and let go? Hell no. That is not what I'm saying. What I'm saying is, when we treat grades and scores and accolades and awards as the purpose of childhood, all in furtherance of some hoped-for admission to a tiny number of colleges or entrance to a small number of careers, that that's too narrow a definition of success for our kids. And even though we might help them achieve some short-term wins by overhelping -- like they get a better grade if we help them do their homework, they might end up with a longer childhood résumé when we help -- what I'm saying is that all of this comes at a long-term cost to their sense of self. What I'm saying is, we should be less concerned with the specific set of colleges they might be able to apply to or might get into and far more concerned that they have the habits, the mindset, the skill set, the wellness, to be successful wherever they go. our kids need us to be a little less obsessed with grades and scores and a whole lot more interested in childhood providing a foundation for their success built on things like love and chores. Did I just say chores? Did I just say chores? I really did. But really, here's why. The longest longitudinal study of humans ever conducted is called the Harvard Grant Study. It found that professional success in life, which is what we want for our kids, that professional success in life comes from having done chores as a kid, and the earlier you started, the better, that a roll-up-your-sleeves- and-pitch-in mindset, a mindset that says, there's some unpleasant work, someone's got to do it, it might as well be me, I will contribute my effort to the betterment of the whole, that that's what gets you ahead in the workplace. Now, we all know this. You know this. We all know this, and yet, in the checklisted childhood, we absolve our kids of doing the work of chores around the house, and then they end up as young adults in the workplace still waiting for a checklist, but it doesn't exist, and more importantly, lacking the impulse, the instinct to roll up their sleeves and pitch in and look around and wonder, how can I be useful to my colleagues? How can I anticipate a few steps ahead to what my boss might need? A second very important finding from the Harvard Grant Study said that happiness in life comes from love, not love of work, love of humans: our spouse, our partner, our friends, our family. So childhood needs to teach our kids how to love, and they can't love others if they don't first love themselves, and they won't love themselves if we can't offer them unconditional love. Right. And so, instead of being obsessed with grades and scores when our precious offspring come home from school, or we come home from work, we need to close our technology, put away our phones, and look them in the eye and let them see the joy that fills our faces when we see our child for the first time in a few hours. And then we have to say, "How was your day? What did you like about today?" And when your teenage daughter says, "Lunch," like mine did, and I want to hear about the math test, not lunch, you have to still take an interest in lunch. You gotta say, "What was great about lunch today?" They need to know they matter to us as humans, not because of their GPA. All right, so you're thinking, chores and love, that sounds all well and good, but give me a break. The colleges want to see top scores and grades and accolades and awards, and I'm going to tell you, sort of. The very biggest brand-name schools are asking that of our young adults, but here's the good news. Contrary to what the college rankings racket would have us believe -- you don't have to go to one of the biggest brand name schools to be happy and successful in life. Happy and successful people went to state school, went to a small college no one has heard of, went to community college, went to a college over here and flunked out. The evidence is in this room, is in our communities, that this is the truth. And if we could widen our blinders and be willing to look at a few more colleges, maybe remove our own egos from the equation, we could accept and embrace this truth and then realize, it is hardly the end of the world if our kids don't go to one of those big brand-name schools. And more importantly, if their childhood has not been lived according to a tyrannical checklist then when they get to college, whichever one it is, well, they'll have gone there on their own volition, fueled by their own desire, capable and ready to thrive there. I have to admit something to you. I've got two kids I mentioned, Sawyer and Avery. They're teenagers. And once upon a time, I think I was treating my Sawyer and Avery like little bonsai trees -- that I was going to carefully clip and prune and shape into some perfect form of a human that might just be perfect enough to warrant them admission to one of the most highly selective colleges. But I've come to realize, after working with thousands of other people's kids -- and raising two kids of my own, my kids aren't bonsai trees. They're wildflowers of an unknown genus and species -- and it's my job to provide a nourishing environment, to strengthen them through chores and to love them so they can love others and receive love and the college, the major, the career, that's up to them. My job is not to make them become what I would have them become, but to support them in becoming their glorious selves. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TED [117 likes]: Whether you’re just launching your adult life or finally giving yourself permission to question assumptions about adulthood, learn practical strategies to build a future that fits you from Julie Lythcott-Haims. Enroll in her TED Course “How to become be your best adult self” today: 
https://tedtalks.social/3OmpymZ
  2. @marialuciarezende8044 [1 likes]: Eine kötler. ❤
  3. @Agirlherfutures [1 likes]: I think it’s about a happy medium, my mother was to laid back so I’ve built nothing as a result. Striving for excellence wasn’t a requirement for me as a child growing up, doing just enough was enough in her eyes. While at the time I appreciated it, but when we get older and have to get into the “real world” life will teach you your “outcomes” in fact do matter.
  4. @evagaoe0907: This is one of the best TED Talks I've ever watched! Thank you, thank you, thank you. My mom's heart sincerely appreciates it🫶🏼.
  5. @kaveriss1223: ❤
  6. @nadiannepriscilia9612: This is how my parents were and I ended up resenting most of my childhood. In fact, I forgot most of it, except for the bitter parts. I even hated weekends because we’re forced to study instead of enjoying our free time. My mom would get hella mad if our scores were below 80. One time, I cried because I was ranked 3rd in my class instead of 1st (even though I was bedridden with a high fever) because I was too scared of making my mom angry. It was a nightmare. 

Now I’m 27 and occasionally hate my life.
  7. @downcreluxe: The way they clap every paragraph shows that they already thought this agh!
  8. @melodylott: Good God, I did not raise my kids like this.  How sad!!!
  9. @cayennepepper2581: “They won’t love themselves if we can’t offer them unconditional love” 🎯
  10. @defghlm9443: ❤
  11. @realgritt: 💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽 This is an eye opener. Thank you for sharing.
  12. @unccand: What a wonderful speech.
  13. @dorisalim8626: Sounds like asian parenting. Do westerners even do this?
  14. @adalightenganyi5427: I guess I should say guilty as charged. That's doing a lot of wrong with the best intentions in mind
  15. @keanureeves1915: ❤ .her speech is powerfull
  16. @thewrpld: We can save our next generation future parents. We have to
  17. @PinoyHeroclixMix: applies only to sons
  18. @BolanleEnang: Thank you for doing this talk.
  19. @salutemetabolica1: Why does she shout like this?
  20. @janadi-s4v: 🎉❤

- The Art of Selling a Feeling: The Rise of Consumer Goods Marketing: Kind: captions Language: en why do we buy what we buy is it the taste of the olive oil the sparkle of water or the comfort of the sneaker or is it something deeper take for example a bottle of graza olive oil it's not just an oil but it's a statement piece for your kitchen liquid death it's water that makes you feel like you're breaking the rules these Brands aren't selling products they're selling feelings confidence Rebellion belonging today we're diving into the psychology behind the products we love why do certain brands make us feel something and why is that feeling worth more than the product itself spoiler alert it's not about what's in the bottle it's about what's in your mind but before we jump in let me paint you a picture think back about how we used to buy things say 20 years ago you needed olive oil you go to the store pick up whatever brand your mom used and that was about it but now now we're joining weight lists for olive oil drops like their limited edition sneakers what changed let's start off with a brief history because this shift didn't happen just overnight in the early 1900s marketing was pretty straightforward companies would basically just say well here's our product here's what it does and here's why it's better than the competition take this here's catalog it was revolutionary at his time but looking look at it now it's almost charmingly simple just some products descriptions and prices no lifestyle shots no emotional storytelling no brand identity just cold hard facts but then something interesting happened in the 1920s advertisers started to realize something profound people don't want to just buy products they buy better versions of themselves Edward Bernies Sigman fud's nephew was actually one of the first people to tap into this he realized that you can sell products by connecting them to people's unconscious desires and emotions let me paint you a perfect example in the 1920s Bernies was hired by the American Tobacco Company to get more women to smoke now at this time it was taboo for women to smoke in public so what did he do he organized a group of women to light up cigarettes in an Easter Sunday parade in New York but here's the genius part he marketed these cigarettes as torches of Freedom suddenly smoking wasn't just about tobacco it was about woman's Liberation he turned cigarettes into a symbol of empowerment now obviously today we know smoking is harmful but the marketing technique that was revolutionary fast forward to today and we're seeing Brands take this emotional marketing to a whole new level now let's talk about our two star examples graza and liquid death first off graza you know what's fascinating about this brand they took what was one of the oldest food products in human history and completely reimagined how we interact with it the product itself it's good allive oil but that's not really what they're selling let's break down their marketing piece by piece first there's the bottle design that squeeze bottle isn't just convenient it's making a statement it's saying hey we're not your grandmother's olive oil we're not precious we're here to be used not saved for special occasion and then there's that color that bold bright green it's not trying to look expensive or traditional it's modern fun almost rebellious when you leave it out on your counter it's not just a cooking ingredient it's basically a kitchen decor but here's what really gets interesting their social media isn't filled with some serious cooking tutorials or traditional Italian recipes instead it's casual approachable content it's people drizzling olive oil on pizza making simple pasta dishes or just dipping bread in olive oil they're selling a feeling of being an effortlessly cool homecook someone who who knows good food but isn't pretentious about it and let me tell you it works the first batch sold out in hours and they've built this almost cult-like following now let's also take liquid death let that name sink in for a minute water call death in a tall boy can that looks like it should be holding beer it's absolutely ridiculous and that's exactly why it works that's the genius of liquid death it's isn't just that they made water edgy it's that they understood something fundamental about their target market they realized that there was this huge group of people who felt alienated by traditional water brands you know all those pristine mountain springs and wellness messaging now instead they went completely counterculture their tagline murder your thirst their marketing campaigns they include things like supplying their water to death metal concerts and creating horror movie trailers about killer water and here's what's fascinating they've turned hydration into a form of rebellion think about that for a second they made drinking water punk rock I mean that's marketing genius on a whole another level let's dive into the psychology behind why those approaches work so well studies in consumer psychology have shown that we make purchasing decisions in our emotional brain first and then we use a rational brain to justify the purchase afterwards Dr Antonio deasio a renowned neuroscientist actually studied people who had damaged that part of the brain responsible for emotions know what he found these people couldn't make decisions about what to buy even though they all the pros and cons without emotional input they're Paralyzed by choice and this is exactly what these modern Brands understand they're not trying to win the rational argument they're trying to win the emotional one now let's talk about how social media has completely transformed this emotional marketing landscape because this is where these Brands really shine take rza's Instagram account they rarely post about the technical aspects of their olive oil instead they post these gorgeously casual videos of people cooking really simple meals it's all about creating what marketers call aspirational but achievable content when you watch someone drizzle that green bottle over a perfectly imperfect bowl of pasta you think hey I could do that and that's exactly what they want now liquid death takes a completely different approach on social media but it's equally brilliant they lean into meme culture they create content that people want to share not because it's advertising but because it's entertaining they released a heavy metal album made from hate comments they created a horror movie trailer about killer water this isn't just marketing It's Entertainment and that's a crucial distinction because when people share these videos or posts they're not sharing an ad they're sharing something that may laugh something that aligns with their sense of humor in identity both of these brands have managed to create something even more valuable than viral content what they've created is communities when you buy graza olive oil you're not just getting a kitchen staple you're joining a community of people who care about cooking but don't take it too seriously now when you drink liquid death you're part of this in joke this movement of simultaneously making fun and revolutionizing beverage marketing and this community aspect it's absolute gold for Brands because when people feel like they're part of something they become brand Advocates they're not just consumers anymore they're ambassadors I mean think about it when's the last time you posted about a regular bottle of olive oil on social media but graza bottles show up on Instagram stories constantly when was the last time you took a picture of your yourself drinking water but people actually proudly post their liquid death cans so where is this all headed what's the future of emotional marketing look like first off we're seeing the rise of what I call Micro emotional targeting thanks to Ai and advanced data analytics brands are getting better at understanding not just what we buy but how we feel when we buy it think about how Netflix recommends shows based on your your watching habits now imagine that level of personalization but for emotional marketing now Brands will be able to identify exactly what storytelling resonates with you personally but here's where it gets really interesting and a little bit concerning honestly as these Technologies Advance Brands will be able to create what feels like personal emotional connections at scale now I think we need to talk about the elephant in the room the ethical implications of all of this because when Brands get good at manipulating our emotions where do we draw the line about 64% of consumers say they're more likely to buy from Brands the aign with their values but here's the catch how do we know if that argument is genuine or just really good marketing take sustainability claims for example we've seen a huge rise of what we called greenwashing Brands making environmental claims that don't hold up to scrutiny but they do it because they know we have an emotional connection to environmental issues and this is where things get really tricky because the better Brands get at emotional marketing the harder it becomes for consumers to really be able to distinguish between authentic brand values and clever marketing tactics so what can we do as consumers about all this I think it's really important to be aware of these techniques understanding how Brands Target our emotions doesn't make their marketing less effective but it does help us make more conscious decisions on what we're buying we need to get better at asking questions when a brand makes us feel something we should ask is this feeling backed by real value are we buying into a marketing story or are we buying a genuinely good product we need to recognize that it's okay to enjoy and participate in this emotional marketing as long as we're doing it consciously there's nothing wrong with buying into a brand story if that story adds real value to your life now let's flip the script for a moment and take a look at this from a business perspective the key I believe lies in what I call authentic emotional marketing this means creating emotional connections that are actually backed up by real value genuine beliefs in actual Community Building look at how Patagonia does this they don't just Market themselves as an environmentally conscious brand they actually put their money where their mouth is they do initiatives like their war and wear program and their environmental activism let's talk about some practical takeaways from everything we've discuss today emotional connection is the new currency in marketing but and this is crucial it has to feel authentic you can't fake it liquid death works because they fully commit to their irreverant personality they never break character second takeaway community building is more powerful than traditional advertising when graa shares user generate content of people cooking with one of their olive oils they're not just showing off their product they're highlighting their Community they're saying look at all these cool people who use product you could be one of them third takeaway Innovation doesn't always mean inventing something new sometimes it means reimagining something old neither graza nor liquid death invented new products they just found new ways to make us feel about existing ones now let me share some predictions about where I think this is all headed we're going to see more Brands focusing on what I call Micro communities instead of trying trying to appeal to everyone they'll create deep connections with smaller more dedicated groups of consumers the line between entertainment and marketing will continue to blur Brands will become content creators storytellers and maybe even entertainment companies in their own right we'll see what I call arise in authentic Tech tools and platforms that help consumers verify brand claims and track corporate Behavior because as emotional marketing gets more sophisticated consumers will demand more transparency next time you feel drawn to a brand pause and ask yourself what emotion they're selling is it confidence Rebellion belonging understanding this could help you make more conscious purchasing decisions we're living in an era where products are no longer just products they're vehicles to Identity community and personal expression the success of Brands like graa and liquid death isn't just changing how we buy olive oil or water it's changing our entire relationship with consumption we're moving from a world of passive consumers to active participants in brand stories this shift has implications far beyond marketing it's affecting how we form communities how we express ourselves and even how we think about authenticity in a digital age the most successful modern brands aren't just selling products they're selling feelings identities and belonging whether it's graza making cooking feel approachable and fun or liquid death making hydration feel rebellious it's all about the emotional connection this shift isn't just changing how we buy things it's changing how we relate to Brands to each other and even ourselves we're moving from this transactional economy to a relationship economy the future of consumer goods marketing isn't about manipulation it's about authentic connection the brands that will Thrive are the ones that can create genuine emotional bonds while delivering real value before we wrap up I just want to challenge you to think about your relationship with Brands what emotions are you buying into what stories are you participating in and most importantly are these emotional connections adding real value to your life if you've enjoyed today's episode make sure to subscribe and hey I'd love to hear your thoughts on this as well what brands do you feel emotionally connected to and what marketing strategies have you noticed also working this has been where we're headed and I'll catch you next week [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @kenthiru [2 likes]: I really hope I'm wrong, but your script sounds like you are reading off ChatGPT.
  2. @WarrenHong07: I have a question. Is a personal brand only spark one emotion?
  3. @muallaozdemir1012: In the age of AI, the moats are: creativity, curiosity, community, connection, courage, compassion, and communication.
  4. @muallaozdemir1012: This was an amazing video!! I am currently in the process of creating my own product and brand and the case studies you provided and the takeaways were SO helpful! Thank you and keep up the great work!
  5. @OutlierAthlete-sk3e: Bro this video is fkin amazing
  6. @NoaraPerfumes: extremely undervalued, don't stop what you do!
  7. @adamg5108: How f--king sad this world is... having to sell emotion rather then good quality products...
  8. @e2theoc: Fantastic, to the point, video
  9. @fakename9303: „ i have a dui and my cap is backwards, i have to drink water but it needs to be masculine, ao my bros dint think im a gayboy.“ - yeah, i wonder how that made money….
  10. @DigitalMarketing-g1b: Besttt videoo on marketing frr!!
  11. @officialinternetbread: This is a gold mine of information thank you!
  12. @peterchukarov: 6.29 has an audio cut
  13. @mounabenali5606: Gold 🪙
  14. @bitesizefirst: People became morons that’s the only reason people buying this pretentious crap.
  15. @adarshanand1826: I saw the video , it was put together really well . Hell of an underrated channel . I subbed Yo
  16. @jayonebullet: needs a lil background music broskii
  17. @Stev92: what kind of books do you recommend about the subject? thank you for the video
  18. @thebrandonvu: A very well structured and scripted video. Love this concept, thank you for articulating it so simply.
  19. @LMarsh30: 10/10 video, would love to see more in depth marketing videos
  20. @gb4478: I have always been able to see through the infantile manipulation. I've always known they manipulate wanna bes and make my buying choices accordingly. I find 99% of marketing obvious and, frankly, inane.

- The Remarkable Impact of Hobbies on Career | Karen McFarlane Holman, Ph.D. | TEDxLenoxVillageStudio: Kind: captions Language: en I vividly remember being 9 years old and getting wrapped up for hours on my bedroom floor, hunkered down with my 21 pack of marker pens, creating booklets of imaginary creatures. Or I'd be scribbling down another story about one of the many adventures of Seymour the fish. Or often, my face would be buried in the shiny pages of a kids encyclopedia, being blown away by how massive the sun is compared to our tiny blue earth. I was what they called a well-rounded kid, and my teachers looked at this very positively. That changes over time though, doesn't it? Imagine if you walked into a job interview for a computer programmer and they asked you, "What are your strengths?" And you said, "Well, I'm great at writing code, but I'm also great at bringing some Taekwondo and quilting to my work." As adults, we have been taught that our careers, that one thing that we're paid to do, is the priority. And if we want to keep doing any of our other interests, those get categorized as hobby or leisure activity that we do in our spare time, if we have the spare time. But what I have found firsthand over the past 30 years is that our hobbies play a much larger role than is acknowledged. I first saw the impact of hobbies back in the '90s as a graduate student in chemistry when most of my time was supposed to be spent on my research project. I was kind of a night owl, so I'd often head over to campus in the evening to set up an experiment. Most of my work was done in a dark laser lab up on the third floor of a 1960s science building, and I'd spend hours shooting multiple laser beams at yellow solutions trying to figure out what the molecules were doing in microseconds. But that is only a partial snapshot of how I'd spend the nights in my mid-20s. Many other evenings, I was making my way up a stairwell to another 1960s building, this one off campus, and felt more like a cheap motel. It was our band practice space. A typical night looked like this. I'd swing the door open to the hallway, old beer stench slaps me in the face, I'm blasted by heavy metal coming from room one, past by rooms two's indie rock, and as I came up on our practice space, I'd hear the familiar entry song being played. "Where's Karen?" My bandmates' favorite way to remind me that, yes, once again, I was late. So I'd sheepishly slink in, but pull out my guitar and soon we're deep in it, running through our set, writing new songs, or getting ready for our next gig. My life appeared to be a prime example of someone maintaining that coveted work-life balance. From the outside, it looked like I had a budding career that had top priority, supported by a side hobby that we used to blow off steam in spare time just for fun. But that description was not how it felt to me. Yes, absolutely, I was studying to create a lifelong career in science, but my band, it was my lifeblood. It felt just as important to me to play a rock concert as it was to present at a scientific conference. It was not easy though to maintain vigor in both my science and my music, and not just because they're both energy intensive, but because I carried a heaviness, a guilt, a feeling that by playing in my band, I was doing something that I was not supposed to be doing. I was supposed to be collecting data, analyzing results, reading papers, writing a manuscript. I felt as if I had a finite amount of dedication to give, and if I didn't put it all towards my career, I was actively turning my back on it. I felt shame. So in my next two jobs, I often downplayed or even hid my musical escapades. I was well on my way down a common path where our careers dominate and our hobbies shrink and often die away. One excuse many of us use is lack of time. A recent study showed that even though many people have specific hobbies they want to engage in, they said they don't have time for them. And this struggle also shows itself in taking vacations. It was found that over half of employees in the United States did not use up their allotted vacation time. Of those who did take a vacation, two-thirds of them continued working during vacation, and 16% take time off to do more work. There are many theories as to why so many of us behave this way, but regardless of why, the evidence is clear. We don't know how to stop ourselves from working, and it's impacting our job effectiveness as well as our health and our happiness. I was able to avoid that trap. I kept my bands going despite the guilt. And ultimately, what I have found over the past couple decades is that science is my marathon, but rock music is my cross-training. And without my cross-training, I can't bring my A-game to the race. It's because of my hobby that I perform well at work. What I discovered is that hobbies are not just hobbies. They enhance your career. Imagine that your hobby is the reason you get the promotion, or that your team doubles its quarterly goal, or that you receive that award or that scholarship. Unfortunately, because of feelings of guilt or that time crunch, we drop our hobbies from our lives, and we use those rationalizations such as, "I'll pick it back up after I get the promotion." or "I'll get back into it after the kids get older." And what happens as the years go by? How do we feel? Just last week, I heard how it can make us feel. I was in an online group conversation with women around the world, and I was expressing how profoundly playing in bands has helped me in my academic position. One of the people in the room, Dr. Ikjot Sahni, who's an assistant professor of cybersecurity, freaked out. She said, "Oh my god, you have no idea how important it is for me to hear this message from you right now." She went on to describe how her guitar was sitting in her office at that moment, staring at her. I could hear the heartbreak in her voice as she told us about how giving up guitar for all those years had made her feel like she was slowly losing touch with her spiritual side. But I also heard her elation when, in that moment, she felt inspired to bring it back into her life, feeling like now she not only had the permission to pick up the guitar, but she was about to feel whole again. Every time we let one of our hobbies sit dormant, we have rejected a part of ourselves, and not a trivial part. Even it's even if it's something that doesn't provide a monetary income, its value is enormous. That's one of the best reasons to keep cultivating our hobbies. Without them, we aren't functioning as our best whole selves. When we instead prioritize them, we are able to approach our careers and other parts of our life in full force. The scientific evidence for this observation comes from a study published in 2020 in the Journal of Vocational Behavior. The researchers were curious about leisure activities and their effect on people's careers. Their primary result was this. Above average time spent on leisure activities positively impacted people's careers. Now, there is a caveat. They found this to be true specifically for activities that were high in seriousness and different from a person's career. In their studies, they defined serious as activities that had goals, aspirations, and where there was some kind of risk involved, such as engaging in competitions or performances. And they discovered that by pulling from varied parts of our lives that have different skill sets or mindsets, we gain cross-pollination between our hobbies and careers. This is great news, but what do we do with it? So many of us feel like we can't or shouldn't engage time in our hobbies or leisure activities, but these exciting results tell us that we can and we should. After living with this conundrum for many years, living deeply in both worlds of chemistry and punk rock, feeling that guilt, and even feeling tempted to stop playing music a few years ago, here's where I landed. I have three questions that we can use as a litmus test to help us change our attitudes towards our hobbies. First, remember that the hobby needs to be conventionally different from your paid work, like our computer programmer who's also a quilter. Question one. Does it help me become better at doing something? Am I developing a skill? Two. Does it entail a risk of some kind? And three. Does it include aspirations and goals? And if your hobby brings you even just one of those, but especially if it's yes to all three, it's a keeper. It's poised to enhance your career. For me, I saw the power of this integration when I finally welcomed my punk rock life into my chemistry professor career. When I told my students about my band, they not only found it to be interesting and cool, but it served a much deeper role that I did not anticipate. I discovered its impact about 10 years ago when I opened an envelope at work. In this modestly written letter from the Carnegie Foundation, I was told I had received Professor of the Year. Honestly, I was bewildered. How could I be receiving this award knowing the amazing professors all around me were just as deserving? But when I read the nomination letters from students, I started to understand what had happened. Over and over again, my chemistry students were each saying the same thing. Seeing me play punk rock with the same fervor as my job as a professor, that gave them permission to be a chemist and a writer, a pilot, a dancer, an Olympic runner, a world traveler, a sculptor. Make sure your hobbies, those pieces of yourself, aren't sitting there silently for years staring at you, waiting for you. But instead, join me and engage in your hobbies regularly and often, more than you think you should. And together, we can build a culture that inspires our best work. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Juanpabloodp [1 likes]: This video made me realize how easy it is to push aside our passions because we think they don’t fit into our professional lives. I loved the idea that hobbies are not a waste of time but something that adds value to our lives and even helps us become better at what we do. We often feel like only ‘productive’ activities matter, but this talk reminded me that our hobbies are an essential part of who we are and deserve a place in our lives.
  2. @IKRAMIKRAM-d9h [1 likes]: I am just starting my croshet journey, and I am loving it sooo much, I feel soo reluved and I forget all my bad thoughts or problems when I practice it.
  3. @realbrycehenson: Amazing talk :)
  4. @h0ph1p13: I just cant help but wonder, does she have family/kids?
  5. @sushanta.a.274: very important message, thanks :yougotthis:
  6. @paulinaalitzelmarquezvelez9735: I found her perspective truly inspiring, how hobbies are not just pastimes but powerful tools that can enhance creativity, problem-solving, and overall career success. Additionally, they serve as a source of balance, preventing burnout and keeping us engaged in lifelong learning.
  7. @christianivanreyes2456: I found the video very interesting, it shows us the importance of hobbies and the fact that we postpone the activities we love the most and sometimes we never take them up again, we are never the same again. The fact of having hobbies is what makes us different. 

The truth is that I felt very identified, since because of work and school I have not been myself and that upsets me, I forgot who I am..
  8. @nataliavillanuevasoto6801: the video showed us the gran important of the hobbies and the combination in the careers, so, this is so important because often we forget ours hobbies for the university life, so, this video it’s a remember that we need be we, it’s a deep reflection for this theme, we need feel like humans, be humans, be us
  9. @egtg7481: I think it's unbelievable that the option of being different things and having multiple unrelated hobbies is so common on the society. In fact, I have never seen these limitations in myself because I have many interests in different areas and I have ended up finding a connection between all of them, but it is nice to see that it is something more talked about and is presented as a beneficial thing, because learn anything can open us a lot of doors and opportunities.
  10. @lizbethrangel7263: it was an interesting video, and I agree with what it says. we give up our hobbies because of the pressure from the people around us because they see it as a way that slows down our performance in our career but the reality is the opposite because many times it is thanks to that hobby that we do a good job in the things we do, so we should ignore what they say about it being wrong to use our free time to rest, we should do what we like because only then we can have a successful career.
  11. @isaacgtz.1109: The video is interesting because it talks about the importance of hobbies, it’s essential to have a hobby when you live day to day in your work, it’s a way to destress and stay motivated
  12. @michellebelmanflores1931: The video offers a deep reflection on the importance of hobbies and how they not only enrich our lives but can also improve our careers. I find it fascinating how the author challenges the traditional idea that work should be our sole priority and instead shows, through personal experience, that our passions and interests can complement and even improve our professional performance.
What resonated with me the most is the feeling of guilt many people experience when dedicating time to something that doesn’t generate direct income. This is a reality for many who have been conditioned to see hobbies as a luxury rather than a necessity.
  13. @diegoaguirree-8: This video really made me think about how we often put aside our passions because we think they don't fit with our "serious" or professional life. I loved the idea that hobbies aren't a distraction, but something that enriches us and can even make us better at our jobs. I really identified with the feeling of guilt for spending time on something that isn't "productive," but after listening to this talk, it's clear to me that that's a mistake. Our interests and hobbies are part of what makes us who we are, and we should give them the space they deserve.
  14. @josuesalvadorponcehernande5756: I loved the message, I agree that it is very important to have hobbies in this life, you stay happy.
Are fundamental pillars for a full and balanced life.
By dedicating ourselves to what we are passionate about, reducing stress and anxiety and promoting emotional well-being, in this life it is not just about working and working, you have to give yourself a break and do the things that you are passionate about.

In this short life we ​​have to enjoy life, your hobbies, friends, family, your favorite dish, travel, so that you have a happy life.
  15. @NANCYPAOLASALDAÑASANCHEZ: What she says is very important because in my case with the violin at school I can't pay as much attention to that as I want and it is very important for me as is my degree, I have to put effort into it to be able to advance more because it gives me happiness and peace and it is one more dream that I have apart from also being a psychologist to be able to be a professional violinist and it is something that can also open me up many opportunities to improve my life. Hobbies should be normalized as something important as work, it also gives you something to be able to clear your head, express yourself, release stress, they can help you with your mental health and it is also important to take care of that.
  16. @viajesdemiedo325: It's surprising how difficult it is to balance a life between what we like and what we should do.
Personally, I will try to make my hobbies my new "university career" so I can balance what I should do with what I want.
  17. @staaa05_an: Well, the hobbies of people are important because these are a form that you can to express with different things and developing your skills. 
When something, you like it, you express with your aura and attitudes. It makes you feel happiness and grow up  like a person. I agree with the teacher Karen, if you don't have a goal, you stop doing and forget it, and it is a problem because how she says the hobby is a spiritual part of you. In my case the drawing helps me in many situations of my career, but sometimes I hate drawing when my teachers forced to do, I like but when I want it, maybe I change my hobby for another thing.
  18. @CarlosHernandez-bf4qu: I think that work, school and what society sees as normal are always prioritized and this causes us to put the hobbies we have on the back burner and this is wrong, since hobbies are the things we love to do and maintain an emotional balance. After watching this video it made me feel like I should dedicate more time to my hobbies.
  19. @danielacervantesbarco4874: Thank you for taking my mind off the idea that having a hobby is less productive than dedicating that time to my career, as this is a very common thought in science and engineering. Maybe I will try to get a hobby with more challenges.
  20. @smith3136: Such a western way of thinking. which I sadly have.
"I will allow myself to enjoy hobby because It will help with my career."

- What Is Considered Hobby Income? - Tax and Accounting Coach: Kind: captions Language: en What is considered hobby income? Have you ever wondered if the money you make from your favorite pastime counts as income? Let's break down what hobby income really means and how it affects your taxes. Hobby income is the money you earn from activities you enjoy, not from a business you run to make a profit. The Internal Revenue Service defines a hobby as something you do primarily for fun without the goal of making money. If you are trying to earn a profit, then your activity is considered a business instead of a hobby. When it comes to taxes, you must report any hobby income on your federal tax return. This income is listed as other income on schedule one of from 1040. It is important to note that while you pay income tax on this money, you do not pay self-employment tax on hobby income. This distinction is key for many people. Now, let's talk about expenses. If your activity is classified as a hobby, you cannot deduct any expenses related to that hobby on your tax return. This rule changed with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. Before this change, you could deduct hobby expenses up to the amount of your hobby income. Now, you cannot deduct any hobby expenses at all. This means that if you spend money on supplies, travel, or other costs related to your hobby, you cannot subtract those costs from your taxable income. If you want to deduct your expenses, you must show that your activity is a business. The Internal Revenue Service looks at several factors to determine if your activity is a business or a hobby. These factors include whether you operate in a business-like manner, keep good records, spend time and effort to make a profit, relying on the income for your livelihood, or have made a profit in similar activities before. No single factor is more important than the others. For example, if you sell handmade crafts as a hobby, you need to report that income on your tax return. If you spend money on supplies for those crafts, you cannot deduct those costs. However, if you later decide to treat your craft sales as a business, you can deduct expenses. Just remember, you must be able to show the internal revenue service that you intend to make a profit. In summary, hobby income is any money you earn from activities you do for enjoyment, not for profit. You must report this income on your tax return, but you cannot deduct hobby expenses. If your activity is considered a business, you can deduct expenses, but you must meet the Internal Revenue Service criteria for business status. Understanding these rules is essential for managing your taxes and personal finances effectively.

- is having hobbies the new commodity / fashion trend?: Kind: captions Language: en hey what do you like to do besides be on your phone what are your hobbies what do you like to do in your free time find something that you enjoy doing that isn't on this device okay we need to put this thing down more I have so many thoughts on why I think the explosion of hobbies online is such an interesting topic so stay with me while we discuss Hobbies went from something not really discussed in the popular online media maybe it was more subcultures or like Niche little pockets of the internet full of people really dedicated to the craft to becoming the thing talked about on Tik Tok before this hobby CT explosion on Tik Tok it was perfectly acceptable to say that your main pastimes were scrolling your phone and consuming media online now suddenly that makes you a boring person and people want to know what your interests are outside of your phone from someone who finds themselves very very influenced by this discourse and has started wondering if I'm a boring person that only really likes to consume media because books and reading kind of count as media too I'm absolutely fascinated by the way that Tik Tok is taking this new interest in hobbies and turning it into something that can be commodified or used as a status symbol that can be sold back to each other online I fear that just as bag charms started as a trend that could show your personality and quickly became a massive Trend that everyone was buying mass-produced items for to show a curated personality online Hobbies have almost become bag charms that you can collect to add on to your personality that you're selling to other people on Tik Tok obviously this is a very negative way to look at the hobby CT discourse and might seem like a reach to people who are genuinely interested in hobbies and don't really care about what it says about them so you're going to have to let me explain and break down my thoughts as to why I feel like having a hobby is the latest Trend that we're selling to each other but online so let's get into it before we do welcome or welcome back to my channel my name is Katie I talk about sustainable fashion industry news and online discourse particularly relating to fashion and Tik Tok if that sounds good to you then subscribe to me here on my channel follow me on my socials and let's get into the video okay you might be wondering why I'm talking about this on the surface hobby core does not seem like it intersects very well with fashion which is the top topic I talk about most on this channel but I'm here to convince you that hobby call has closer ties to Fashion than you might think if you follow me on substack you might have already seen that I've kind of covered this topic on there and talked about in my latest post how I've kind of moved away from caring about fashion trends very recently and I'm kind of stad consumed with the discourse happening online towards building communities and spending time offline and having a hobby which is probably me just being swept up by the algorithm as this seems to be what is trending on Tik Tok for everyone too and on the surface I think this trend sounds amazing I am completely here for more people switching off their phones talking to people more and spending time doing things that they love but because this is Tik Tok and because I have a fascination with analyzing Trends online and trying to find their deeper meaning I'm always a little bit wary that a Tik Tok trend is less wholesome than it sounds I've been asking myself the question am I consumed with the idea of having new hobbies because I actually want to spend time doing things that isn't Doom scrolling or am I obsessed with it because Tik Tok has decided that extracurriculars are the new currency that we can sell each other you might still be asking okay but what does this have to do with fashion why are you talking about it and I'm going to need you to walk with me here to me this discourse always seems to have the underlying message of do this so you can have better personal style and I feel like we need to walk back through the online discourse that's happened in recent months in order to understand that pipeline Tik Tok is known for creating and fostering fashion trends that then get picked up by The Wider industry and impact what we see on the runways what we see in high streets and what we see in street style because of this influence Trend culture spreed up to the point that it was hard to keep up with what was trending at any given moment made all the worse by microt Trend culture which basically got it to the point where nothing was really on Trend because everything is on trend from this Relentless kind of Chase of the latest thing or the latest core that Tik Tok is telling you is cool I think has birthed a trend fatigue and Vogue also believes this is true and I think that was a direct correlation to the increased talk around personal style and how to be individualistic in your fashion choices because people were fatigued with all these trends that made us look exactly the same however with this personal style discourse came the discourse that personal style is hard considering the fact that so many of us have just into the latest trends for years now made that our personality for a little bit and then moved on with the next one we're not really used to actually putting much thought into our fashion choices and what they say about us and how to get dressed in a way that suits us so a lot of people became frustrated with the fact that you can't just buy Personal Style it comes from hard work and knowing yourself these thoughts around why personal style was hard kind of then sparked this side discourse around personal style was hard because you're not interesting because you don't do anything outside of your phone so what are you drawing inspiration from you need to go outside you need to get a hobby you need to become interested with life again and then naturally from that comes the obsession with hobbies and this pipeline is very very clear to me maybe it sounds crazy to you but I can 100% see how each of these Trends has sparked the other one until we've reached this point here where hobes are the new fashion trend the new thing to flaunt online and like show that you're cool ER than everyone else or that you know yourself better but still with this underlying feeling that we're doing all of this so that we can dress better and find our personal style so that we can still be on track with the macro Trend right now which is individualism and fashion and okay sure maybe this isn't always the case maybe the people who aren't obsessed with fashion who don't have the same Tik Tok algorithm as me so maybe haven't been swept into this Pipeline and instead are just finding it cool that people are now talking about Hobbies online is what's happening for part of the population but I don't think it's a coincidence that Tik Tok is having two simultaneous conversations around being offline building your community having a hobby that gets you off your phone and personal style is the new fashion trend you need to be more individualistic and you need to use your clothes as more of an expression of yourself than something you're just buying from influencers to feed the fashion machine if you're still with me after that then thank you so much I know that that was a lot and maybe some of you are thinking okay but this is a really jaded way to look at the hobby core Trend and I I agree and even if it isn't it is in a way healthier to have discourse that centers around Hobbies even if it's just being pushed for social currency rather than fashion trends that pollute the planet I think in order to figure out whether this is good or not we need to break down the way hobbies are being talked about online and the language people are using to talk about their hobbies to others on Tik Tok especially like I said I've been obsessed with hobby core discourse I've been watching a lot of Tik toks that show other people's hobbies and I've kind of noticed some Trends going on specifically in the language and the way people are presenting their hobbies to others it left me questioning are people engaging in these Hobbies deeply or only at surface level obviously to some people who are actually dedicated to their craft and find a joy in it outside of Tik Tok I don't think this applies but for others it seems to be more focused on what doing this hobby says about you and says to other people and how this can give you social currency on Tik Tok I'm literally questioning myself whether my sudden drive to pick up my old art supplies and start learning French again are because I want something to do for me or because I want to be able to say to people in conversation yeah I'm learning French again and I think part of the reason for this is that all of the Tik toks I've been consuming have been framed in a certain Narrative of like for example it's really Chic to say you paint or that you're a painter and is that the only reason that some people have now picked up painting to revil in the image that it creates for others on Tik Tok so many of the popular videos are talking about this trend through the lens of like cool girl Hobbies or it girl Niche hobbies and again is kind of signifying that at least online these discussions are kind of just regurgitations of trend culture or buying into an online Persona of like a cool girl but through what you're doing rather than what you're wearing and just relating it back to Fashion even more I had the idea that maybe because micr Trends themselves have become so meaningless I mean what does eclectic Grandpa even mean when you think about it we're now embracing Hobbies because they give us permission to lean into a subculture in a way that just seeing a trend being talked about online doesn't really and kind of gives us permission to buy into new style because it relates to what we do basically what I'm thinking is that instead of micr Trends influencing our clothes and our Behavior it's now our Behavior that's influencing our clothes which is kind of the way it was before Tik Tok came along anyway but I Fe I'm rambling at this point and it doesn't make any sense so let's just go into an analysis of the wider context around this hobby core Trend because I feel like it's really important and actually breaks it down to the point where you can understand it a bit more okay like I've mentioned in this video in previous videos the lack of community and wanting to build a new one is something that a lot of us have been thinking about recently and I'm wondering if that's part of the reason why so many of us are now searching for hobbies as a way to make this a social activity that can connect to others at the same time though I fear that the social media culture of commodifying yourself as one thing in order to make your personal brand more recognizable is playing a role here into how much people are leaning into Hobbies what I mean by that is that Tik Tok encourages us to go all in on something so that we can become well known for that think tube girl obviously she has a life outside of riding the tube but that is now her brand and what she's known for at least in the fashion space and I feel like people are taking this well-known social media tactic and applying it to the Hobby discourse going around right now for example I found one girl's Tik Tok that was explaining how she's been trying loads of new hobbies lately to see what she likes and when I clicked in her bio she'd actually mention this in like at the top of her page so people coming from these videos would know that this was a series that she was planning to lean into and if they were interested in Hobbies she will be a great person to follow and yeah it just kind of links back to my original thoughts about Hobbies being the new commodity that we can sell to each other it's also not lost on me at all that this wider discourse around our need to get off social media is largely happening on social media and consuming this kind of content that says yeah we should not be on our phones whilst sitting there on your phone kind of feels to me like a false step towards progress like for me consuming these videos of other people telling me about their hobbies and like how they've used them to get off social media makes me feel really positive it makes me feel like I could do the same thing and that then I would also be free of Doom scolling and that emotion is almost enough and it's almost like enough that I don't feel that I need to actually take the step to get off my phone and to pick up a hobby because I've kind of got that dopamine hit I was craving just by doing nothing but watch someone else beat offline hobby C has also fallen into the classic trap of therapy speak online where people are breaking down the idea that Hobbies equals honoring time with yourself and building your self-esteem and it makes me feel that Hobbies have become popular in part because we're searching for meaning in a culture that has become so meaningless that literally anything can be turned into a trend or a talking point online and although there's a thousand examples the one that came to mind was the impact demure had like what was that trend on an economic level I think we have to pay attention to the fact that Leisure has been called the New Wealth indicator and it's kind of sparked this new dialogue that having Hobbies is a sign of wealth and free time and the fact that you can take time off working an extra job in this cost of living crisis and I think also if we apply the theory that everything in fashion is political we could also kind of make the link that the state of the world itself has gotten us as a society to the point of mental breakdown that Hobbies have become a way to escape it's almost like a rebellion against like the news cycle and social media trying to take up so much of our time that we're like you know what I'm going to put my phone down you're not going to have my attention I'm going to do something that actually makes me feel good because I can't deal with it anymore okay or and this might be quite Niche but for the explosion of crafty Hobbies like knitting and sewing and crocheting could it be explained as a rebellion against the cost of fashion going up and the quality of things going down that we're now like you know what I'll do it myself I will create something that I know is good quality and I can control the materials of and again quite Niche but I've definitely seen people using this as a reason to pick up sewing online recently without getting too much into it because this video is getting long I think there's definitely something in the fact that picking up a new hobby allows us to buy something and in our consumeristic culture that is so exciting even if it clashes with our attention spans not allowing us to pick up a hobby for long and the fact that all that stuff we bought for the hobby then just becomes clutter in our houses I think it still kind of works for my point about this being the new fashion trend but instead of people buying into clothing they're buying into paint supplies and exercise clothes that work with their new aist class and finally I want to just end talking about a substack post that I recently really enjoyed and was just constantly playing in my head when I was researching and scripting this video the post was called ultr processed people by Beth Bentley and I highly recommend you go read the whole thing but I just want to read out one of the quotes from the article like modern industrial agricultural monocultures we're getting cultural monocultures everything looks the same everything is derivative of something else everyone is in a filter bubble and we are getting less interesting less stylish less individuated under the algorithm just like ultr processed foods have made us forget what real ingredients taste like maybe Ultra processed culture is making us forget what real creativity feels like and this might even be true even when it comes to actual creativity in our Hobbies hearing what Beth says there makes me think that is watching these highly aesthetic Tik toks selling us cool girl Hobbies prompting us to see these extracurricular activities that are supposed to bring us nourishment and joy instead only in the way of what they say about us and how they can be sold to others online and that's a thought I want to leave you with especially if like me you are now getting so interested in the idea of picking up 10,000 new hobbies So yeah thank you so much for watching this video thank you for sticking with me through it it was a bit hard for me to tie together all of these random thoughts and half-baked Concepts in my mind and make it into one video so I hope it wasn't too long-winded and I'd love to hear your thoughts on anything I've mentioned so do comment below and yeah have a lovely lovely day I'll speak to you soon bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @seagullpill08729 [2 likes]: good video! i’m not sure i agree that it was perfectly acceptable to say your main pastime was scrolling your phone before “hobbycore.” totally fair this may be a personal opinion, but if someone said that to me last year or even 5 years ago i would have thought that was kind of sad.
  2. @cyansalvatore6011 [1 likes]: I keep picking up thousand new hobbies, but that's just cuz I have adhd and need novelty (but I circle between hobbies I have the stuff for to keep that novelty), not because I'm influenced by social media
  3. @dactylichexaphoebster-vx5nv [1 likes]: I'm an equestrian and I own my own horse. It's definitely not for the faint hearted or people who want to be "classy". It's dirty, long hours, every day, frustrating, and you'll have sore legs all the time.
  4. @karenhaley3444 [1 likes]: I have 3 hobbies i enjoy very much.   I no longer tell people what they are because I constantly hear, "You should sell those."   No.  That takes my hobby out of the range of an enjoyable pastime to something I HAVE to do to get paid in order to validate my hobby. No thank you.
  5. @TheSamjane4 [1 likes]: I sew and all my life it’s always…you should start a business🙄. No ..because then it wouldn’t be fun anymore 🙁
  6. @ladycommentor2536: Hobby should be a personal activity...
A peace away from the demands and judgement of the world...

Though for my Fish keeping hobby...
I sometimes do post for help on other fish keepers... Especially if I want other people's thoughts and advice for it..

For my Fish, I don't indulge in something that I cannot reach as of the moment...
As long as kybfosh is happy and alive I'm doing it still my way on how I do my hobby as a fish keeper... 

The rest of my hobby is on private mode...

Why do people so obsessed on uploading their hobby??

And then complain that they're being pressured or its overwhelming...


Just do your hobby offline and privately and you'll be happy
  7. @valentinaraimondi7596: hobbies should never be monetised unless you absolutely need any sort of income to survive
  8. @SolicitorPirate: Maybe it’s because I don’t spend much time on TikTok, but why do y’all talk about hobbies like aliens who’ve just learnt about the concept from a book??

Like just go garden, paint, build a Gundam or whatever else you like!
  9. @B0nes-nR0ses: I'd love to find hobbies outside of my phone/computer/switch,  but the problem is... I sadly just like it. I don't doom scroll, I'm way past that phase of my life. I've always loved playing video games. I love going on walks outside, but my entertainment mainly comes from my screen. Repeating series, these kinds of videos, games, music etc. I'm kinda boring and I don't care. I like dressing for myself which is maybe a mini-hobby? But i'm just boring lol. (Idk if this means anything, but I do have autism lol)
  10. @cgl-osl_: The "hot girl hobbies" makes me sick. You should have a hobby you LIKE, not one that you think gives you the right look or image. That's such a sad thing
  11. @playdohmasochist: HAHA! Eclectic grandpa!!!!
  12. @Kelleth1989: I like amateur photography. I go for 8 mile walks, Every Monday is arts & crafts day. I build models of Super Sentai mecha and I like reading manga / watching anime & tokusatsu. I like to game occasionally on my switch 2 that I spent half a year saving for. and when I am on here I consume media while crappily trying to world build for short stories that I post on reddit. I still think I'm boring compared to the average person. But rather boring than a fake consumerist.
  13. @AB-tb5yh: Indeed, I feel very rebellious when I embroider instead of watching another YouTube video about style, drama or fast fashion or documentary about whatever 🤭
I think people need to be offline more or connect online very differently than how it is currently. I now curate what I watch and I'm very strict about how much time I'm on the apps (with the digital wellbeing app I set a timer that limits usage per day). It's hard and I had several "relapses" but I feel so much better now and I also sleep better. I'm more calm and it freed up a lot time that I use for the things I actually want to do.
  14. @Just_Imane: Ive been interested in trying many hobbies for a very long time , i’ve been trying lots of dance  but i only stuck with ballet and jazz , i also have  been regularly  doing singing courses and journaling for a long time  . I also like picking up different hobbies that i do for two weeks more or less and then remember months later and pick up again (painting, crafting room decor , coloring, making jewerly , guitar etc) . But i think it’s cool people are starting to get into hobbies i just think we should do that for ourselves and not to brand ourselves , and what i think is sad is people inventing a simple personality to keep for 3 months and then change and not embrace having a complex personality.
  15. @mrsoisauce9017: This is why I don’t use social media. I like to engage in things I find interesting, and only bc I find them interesting. Social media is just a gateway towards seeking validation, and I’m not here for that
  16. @harrywilson5855: I don't have any hobby because i'm not good at doing any stuff that requires meticulousness. I don't want to keep straining myself over a bad drawing/DIY projects, handmade chains, etc...
  17. @cymk_is_stuck: literally god forbid women have hobbies
  18. @tcvetli: Yes, it is also extremely commercialized. To feel part of the group, it feels as if you have to buy everything and all of the people participating in it on TikTok are nonstop promoting the same things so it feels like a starter pack you must buy to even try, I am specifically talking knit, with the rise of extreme yarn stashes that will take years to go through but keep getting bigger, coloring with super expensive markers and a full library of coloring books you may never go through and booktok as the oldest one with so many books that you can never read them
  19. @lauradegregorio5005: Best hobbie is learning about Jesus Christ
  20. @RhysezPieces: I've always played video games and wrote stories/vaguely read in my free time. But I've found that attempting to get into physical crafts and MAKING something has helped my mental health a lot. (Not just because it's something I can do in the slow moments at my job since we obviously can't be on our phones). I used to be so bummed that I couldn't draw my characters, but after doing some diamond art kits, I tried bead art and cross stitch and now I'm drawing more and my art looks simple but cute now and it makes me feel like I'm actually here. It's very grounding and makes me feel excited to go into work and work on my drawing (I still mostly play video games at home, but I've been reading more too).

- Turn Your Hobby Into Money: Kind: captions Language: en so let me tell you something you probably already know but some of you are not so sure about. you are gifted. everyone in this room is a better artist than me everyone. if i draw dog it looks like the dinosaur that's dying. that's just the way it is everyone has different level of abilities but you absolutely i know if i spent 15 minutes talking to you and found out what you love doing what you're interested in and what you spend your time thinking about I would be able to find that you are gifted in probably a multitude of areas but probably one or two where you're really good at. oh so you have something you're gifted at or you're already an expert in perhaps it's gardening or fixing cars or creating art or flower arranging or taking black and white photos or building fences whatever, doesn't matter what it is. I'm going to take an unlikely example. I very much doubt this is your thing certainly not mine but I thought let's take an 'out there' example so we can talk about what's possible let's say your thing is 'crocheting teddy bears'. that's what you love to do when you're going to bed at night your dreaming about how you're going to crochet your next teddy bear. you've just finished reading an article about crocheting teddy bears, you just finished your Facebook group on crocheting teddy bears, most of the day you spend crocheting teddy bears, that's your thing, you're planning on next going to the market, all you can think about, all you can talk about, the main thing that occupys your spare time is your lovely crocheted teddy bears and of course everyone loves them and gives you great feedback and you feel all nice and warm inside you can turn your love of homemade teddy bears into an income stream, you absolutely can and that's not by selling teddy bears by the way, that would be the obvious answer not let's not sell any teddy bears at all, you don't sell any to make this money, the first thing is you need a list well if you are into teddy bears you've already got a list why because you're part of a Facebook group, you're already talking to friends who are into it, you go to craft group, maybe you've got a website or if you haven't for the sake of a hundred dollars or less you can see it up a simple website and that way you get a list just like I get a list, people go to lifestylebook.com and sign up with their name and email address every time they added to my list and my list is many thousands of people right now, so you have a list and what you do with your list, it might be 50, 100, whatever start collecting them, even if you have a document or a spreadsheet where you collect your email addresses, do that and then you give away stuff, you give away 3 of your teddy bear patterns because of course your list is is interested in what you're interested in and you do that in exchange for the person's email address, let's say you're on the Facebook page for crocheted teddy bears, I'm sure there is one, I didn't look it up and you go you make friends with all these people, you go I've got 3 amazing patterns for teddy bears, I'm going to give them to you, but just give me your name and email address so that I can email them to you and I might send you an email later on about some other stuff and then later you send them more useful and free stuff maybe an article on it, some advice, some photos of cool stuff maybe you've got an Instagram thing or a Pinterest site you want to show them and then sometime later when you've already got this connection with them, where they've already got this free stuff they always think they already think you're groovy and cool. then you say I've got this cool document I've made and it's got 20 patterns in it and it's just three dollars, you send it out to your email list and lots of people will buy them from you and once they've purchased they'll purchase again and now you've got a small business that you can grow I don't know what the international size audience is for crocheted teddy bears but there's seven billion people in the world there's probably 30 million that are interested maybe more, so you've got a huge list of potential people if you find the right places to go, okay out with your pen and paper or your device again, what do you love or what are you gifted in that you could turn into an income stream because that is the holy grail because if you can find something you love doing that you're so excited about and you turn it into a way to earn income you will jump out of being excited every morning to get into your job because you already thinking all day about crochet teddy bears now I can earn money doing it, so there you go, couple of minutes write down what you love or what you're gifted and if you want to write two or three things down that's fine, if you have an idea that you've never thought of while I was talking write that down as well and then guess what you have to make an action step today, an action step today way you go

- Why Clothes Matter: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Once, we were all dressed by someone else. Parents picked out a T-shirt; the school dictated what colour our trousers should be. But at some point, we were granted the opportunity to discover who we might be in the world of clothes. We had to decide for ourselves about collars and necklines, fit, colours, patterns, textures and what goes (or doesn’t) with what. We learnt to speak about ourselves in the language of garments. Despite the potential silliness and exaggeration of sections of the fashion industry, assembling a wardrobe is a serious and meaningful exercise Based on our looks or background, others are always liable to come to quick and, not very rounded decisions about who we are. Too often, their judgment doesn’t quite get us right. They might assume that because of where we come from, we must be quite snobbish or rather resentful; based on our work we might get typecast as dour or superficial; the fact that we’re very sporty might lead people to see us as not terribly intelligent; or an attachment to a particular political outlook might be associated with being unnervingly earnest. Clothes provide us with a major opportunity to correct some of these assumptions. When we get dressed, we are, in effect, operating as a tour guide, offering to show people around ourselves We’re highlighting interesting or attractive things about who we are and, in the process, we’re clearing up misconceptions. We’re acting like artists painting a self-portrait: deliberately guiding the viewer’s perception of who they might be. In 1961, the English painter Peter Blake portrayed himself wearing a denim jacket, jeans and trainers. He was deliberately nuancing the view most of his contemporaries would have had of him: based on knowing that he was a successful and rather intellectual painter. He might have been thought of as slightly aloof and highly refined; detached from, and censorious of, ordinary life. But his clothes speak about very different aspects of his personality: they go out of their way to tell us that he’s quite modest; he’s interested in talking about pop music; he sees his art largely as a kind of manual labour. His clothes, like ours, give us a crucial introduction to the self. This explains the curious phenomenon whereby if we’re staying with good friends, we can spend a lot less time thinking about our clothes, compared with the anxiety about what to wear that can grip us with strangers. With good friends, we might sit around in a dressing gown or just hastily slip on any old jumper. They know who we are already; they’re not relying on our clothes for clues. It’s a strange but profound fact that certain items of clothing can excite us. When we put them on or see others wearing them, we’re turned on: a particular style of jacket, the right kind of shoes or the perfect shirt might prove so erotic, we could almost do without a person wearing them. It’s tempting to see this kind of fetishism as simply deluded but it is alerting us in an exaggerated way to a much more general and very normal idea: that certain clothes make us very happy. They capture values that we’re drawn and want to get closer to. The erotic component is just an extension of a more general and understandable sympathy. The French novelist Stendhal wrote: ‘Beauty is the promise of happiness’ and every item of clothing we’re drawn to&nbsp;contains an allusion to a different sort of happiness. We might see a very desirable kind of competence and confidence in a particular pair of boots; we might meet generosity in a woollen coat or a touching kind of innocence in a hemline; a particular watchstrap may sum up dignity; the way a specific collar encases the neck could strike us as commanding and authoritative. The classic fetishist might be pushing their particular attachments to a maximum and be rather restricted in the choice of items they favour, but they are latching onto a general theme: clothes embody values that enchant and beguile us. By choosing particular sorts of clothes, we are shoring-up our more fragile or tentative characteristics. We’re both communicating to others who we are and strategically reminding ourselves. Our wardrobes contain some of our most carefully-written lines of autobiography.

  Top Comments:
  1. @shine-bd5eo [2 likes]: Fashion is a fake science. I know people make the argument that “not caring about your clothes” is always a deliberate decision and, in a way, also a fashion choice. I disagree — some people legitimately don’t strive to project their values through their clothes, and some people really don’t think about it whatsoever. Sue me.
  2. @PeterParker-ff7ub [2 likes]: because peeople are shallow.
  3. @nkj3985 [1 likes]: ये अपने पहनावे नहीं बदल सकती और सोचती है की करोड़ो लोग अपनी सोच बदलें.

इन्हें पहनावे की आजादी है तो हमें अपनी सोच की. अतः ये ""केसी"" दिखती है... "" इनका केसा  चरित्र "" होगा ये हम अपनी "सोचने "की आजादी से तय करेंगे क्योंकि कपड़े ये भी अपने पहनने की आजादी से अपने कपड़े तय कर रहीं है.
  4. @ice8348 [1 likes]: I find this to be incredibly authoritarian.
  5. @theromanorder [1 likes]: Me who frankly dosent cear what i look like and just grabs whats on top of my pile: 
I forgot the point
  6. @VinitJangra-s1g: Nothing hurts more than you are 16 , all your friends and peers are in flashy trendy clothes and you are still stuck with a 3 year old shirt because parents said " no show off , be simple " and no money because their alcohol is more important, only i know how much embarrassment I feel everyday before sleeping out of home 😢
  7. @b5f096e4: Adornment is vane.
  8. @CompactCoursesCounseling: Luv this guy
  9. @harleyarrod: TG2 prime
  10. @Skeieimk: greeeeeeeeeaeaaaattttttt ezplenatioooonnnn!!!!
  11. @Buzz054: I never wore anything according to the latest fashion or Trends. I just want to say idgaf about what other people think of my clothes unless they're torn or damaged.
  12. @tedduke4616: My fashion is simple. Cargo shorts, tshirts for summer, jeans and leather coat for winter. Everything made from pure organic materials.
  13. @renticat: Clothes used to tell where you came from as the traditional ones have different unique things about them and now because of modern world we can see how everyone is dressed and we're dressed the same. I like unique clothea but then it's not practical. Beautiful clothes looks good but yeah it's not that comfortable at all
  14. @mariodanioth1526: Isnt the problem of all that, that what we wear is not what we are but what we want to be ant therefore messes up the whole concept because when you see someone wearing something you dont know if he is like this or he just feels like he needs to be like this altough its not what he naturally is like at all
  15. @avid9530: I’m psychic clairvoyant. I don’t look at people’s appearance. I look beyond the veil at their energy. Actually I don’t look at any appearances at all bc they are deceiving. Only for shallow people living in the 3D.
  16. @Bubble23428: Only matters if you’re well dressed or not well dressed but other reasons it doesn’t matter at all. I still follow this simple rule and not over complicate everything since whatever I like I will wear it and make myself look good.
  17. @0xUsee: force au francais qui en ca a faire en anglais
  18. @meiomi5892: I want to know what is one thing that keeps you from wearing what you want to wear?
  19. @5Star0PR: 1.10?
  20. @5Star0PR: Why is there cloths it’s a waste of money we could just be ….. because it Doesn’t really matter who agrees?

- What Is The Impact Of Fast Fashion On Peer Pressure? - High School Toolkit: Kind: captions Language: en What is the impact of fast fashion on peer pressure? Have you ever felt the need to keep up with the latest fashion trends just to fit in? You are not alone. Fast fashion plays a big role in how high school students experience peer pressure regarding their clothing choices. So, what exactly is fast fashion? It refers to the quick production of inexpensive clothing that reflects the latest trends. This phenomenon has gained immense popularity among students due to its affordability and accessibility. One major impact of fast fashion is the pressure to conform to trends. Many students feel they must constantly update their wardrobes to match what their friends are wearing. If someone shows up in last season's clothes, they might feel judged or left out. This constant need to fit in can be stressful and overwhelming. Social media also amplifies this pressure. Influencers often showcase trendy outfits from fast fashion brands, suggesting that wearing these items is essential for being fashionable or popular. This can create a sense of obligation among students to buy and wear these trendy pieces, making them feel like they must spend money to be accepted. Another aspect to consider is the stigma surrounding cheaper brands. While fast fashion is affordable, some students may view these brands as inferior. This can lead to teasing or bullying for those who cannot afford more expensive clothing. As a result, students may feel compelled to choose higher priced items to avoid ridicule, further intensifying peer pressure. Interestingly, as awareness of environmental issues grows, some students face pressure to make more sustainable fashion choices. This new form of peer pressure encourages students to opt for eco-friendly options aligning with their peers values. Navigating peer pressure related to fashion can be tricky in high school. Students want to express their individuality while also fitting in. Open discussions about the impact of fast fashion can help create a more accepting environment. Encouraging diverse fashion choices allows students to feel comfortable in their own skin without the fear of judgment. In summary, fast fashion significantly impacts peer pressure in high school. It drives students to conform to trends, influences their choices through social media, and creates stigmas around certain brands. By promoting open conversations and acceptance, students can navigate these pressures more effectively.

- High Heels, High Pressure: The Hidden Life of Fashion Models: Kind: captions Language: en High heels may shine on the runway, but behind them often hides a life of high pressure, silent struggles, and untold sacrifices. The world of fashion models has always fascinated audiences in the USA and across the globe. People see the lights, the cameras, the luxury, and the red carpets. But what most fail to recognize is that behind every glamorous photo shoot and every breathtaking runway walk, there is a hidden story filled with struggles, insecurities, and unimaginable challenges. High heels symbolize elegance. But for fashion models, they can also represent the weight of expectations and the pressure to stay perfect. For many in the USA, modeling is often portrayed as the ultimate dream. Young people imagine that life as a model means traveling the world, wearing designer clothes, and being admired by millions. But the truth is more complicated. The fashion industry is not just about beauty. It is about discipline, resilience, and survival. Models face challenges that are often invisible to outsiders, including health risks, emotional strain, and the constant demand to meet impossible standards. This hidden side of modeling is rarely talked about. Yet, it is one of the most important conversations we should be having today. When someone in America looks at a glossy magazine cover or scrolls through social media feeds filled with stunning model photos, the first impression is perfection. What people don't see are the early mornings, the exhausting castings, the strict diets, and the painful shoes that models are forced to wear for hours on end. High heels might look glamorous in photographs, but standing or walking in them for long hours causes not only physical pain, but also long-term damage to the body. Back pain, foot problems, and joint strain are common among fashion models. Yet, the industry rarely acknowledges these struggles because the image of beauty must be maintained. The USA fashion market is one of the biggest in the world, and American models are often under immense pressure to stay ahead. Agencies expect them to fit into sample sizes, maintain flawless skin, and project confidence at all times. But underneath the surface, many models deal with self-doubt and fear. They constantly worry about being replaced by someone younger, slimmer, or more photogenic. The sense of competition in the modeling world is relentless and it often leads to mental health struggles says anxiety, depression, and burnout. Another hidden truth about fashion modeling is how demanding the schedules are. A model's day is rarely easy. They may wake up before sunrise to prepare for a shoot, spend hours in hair and makeup, and then pose under hot lights for hours without a proper meal break. They may rush from one casting to another, waiting in long lines, sometimes being rejected multiple times in a single day. Rejection becomes part of the job. But it doesn't make it easier. In the USA, where diversity and inclusion are now growing in the fashion industry, many models still face discrimination based on body type, race, or background. The pressure to conform to narrow standards of beauty remains a heavy burden. For female models, the challenges often extend beyond professional life. The constant need to maintain a certain body shape leads to extreme diets, restrictive eating, and sometimes dangerous habits. Many models have openly spoken about how they were pressured to lose weight or stay within unrealistic measurements. These pressures can lead to eating disorders, which are more common in the modeling industry than in many other professions. The desire to look perfect in high heels and designer dresses comes at a cost that is often invisible to fans and audiences. Male models are not immune to these struggles either. While they may not face the same pressures regarding high heels, they too deal with unrealistic expectations. Male models are expected to maintain sculpted bodies, defined jaw lines, and flawless skin. The hours spent in the gym, the strict diets, and the constant scrutiny take a toll on their mental and physical health. In both cases, the glamour hides a deeper reality of exhaustion, insecurity, and pressure. One of the biggest challenges in the USA modeling industry is social media. Models today are not only judged by agencies and designers, but also by millions of people online. A single unflattering picture can invite harsh criticism and the constant need to maintain a perfect image online creates even more pressure. Social media has blurred the line between professional and personal life. Models feel they must always look their best, even outside of work, because every moment can be captured, shared, and judged. The pressure of this 24/7 spotlight is something that very few outside the industry can truly understand. Despite these struggles, many models continue to push through because modeling also brings unique opportunities. It offers travel, exposure to new cultures, and the chance to work with some of the world's most creative designers and photographers. For some, it is a stepping stone to other careers in entertainment, business, or fashion entrepreneurship. But even with these benefits, the price of modeling is often higher than what people imagine. The hidden sacrifices, from physical pain to mental stress, remain a part of the story that the public rarely sees. It's also important to acknowledge that not all experiences in modeling are negative. Many agencies in the USA are now becoming more aware of the importance of mental health, inclusivity, and safety. There are conversations about creating healthier environments for models, offering better support, and breaking away from impossible standards of perfection. Still, the pace of change is slow, and many models continue to suffer in silence. When we look at high heels, we see elegance and sophistication. But when models look at them, they may also see the pain of long hours, the struggle to smile through discomfort, and the reminder that their image must always come before their personal comfort. The phrase high heels, high pressure perfectly sums up the hidden life of fashion models. It's a life that demands strength, resilience, and sacrifice. Qualities that often go unnoticed because the spotlight only focuses on beauty. The next time you see a model on the runway or on the cover of a magazine in the USA, take a moment to think about the story behind the image. Remember that the glamour is just the surface. Beneath it lies a human being with emotions, struggles, and dreams just like anyone else. Fashion may demand perfection, but models are not perfect. They are people navigating a world that is both exciting and exhausting. For anyone in the USA dreaming of becoming a model, it is important to understand the reality behind the fantasy. Success in modeling requires more than good looks. It requires resilience, discipline, and the ability to handle pressure. It also requires a strong sense of self-worth to avoid losing yourself in an industry that often values appearance more than humanity. The hidden life of models is a reminder that beauty is not always easy. High heels may represent glamour, but they also symbolize the weight of Behind every stunning runway walk and glossy campaign is a story of endurance and strength. As audiences, we should not only admire the outer beauty of models, but also respect the struggles they go through. If you are someone in the USA who dreams of entering the fashion world, remember to prepare yourself not only for the spotlight, but also for the shadows. Educate yourself, take care of your health, and surround yourself with supportive people. Beauty may open doors, but strength is what will keep you standing in high heels under high pressure. Fashion will always value glamour, but as readers, we can value honesty. The secret struggles of models remind us that what we see is not always the full truth. By understanding and acknowledging these realities, we can appreciate the industry with deeper awareness and compassion. At the end of the day, high heels may add height, but real strength comes from within. If you believe beauty should never come at the cost of health, dignity, or happiness, then share this message and be part of the change that values humanity as much as glamour.

- High Society Hustle Shoe Commercial (Limited Drop, Only 50 pair available): Kind: captions Language: en Head on with [singing and music] the bow ties. Seven more than those ties. >> [music] >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, like medicine with the apple sauce. Yeah, I work hard before [music] you be a boss.

- High-Fashion Designer Dresses | Say Yes to the Dress | TLC: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Persia Shariatzadeh. I came to Kleinfeld today to find this Pnina Tornai ball gown that I've been dreaming of. I am a spoiled Persian princess. I always get what I want. Hello ladies. Hi. And gentlemen. And gentlemen. You're right. Who did you bring with you today? I brought my mom, my mother-in-law, my future sister-in-law, and my brother. My brother's opinion really matters to me because he won't let you wear something if you look fat or if you look ugly. I don't really care what Persia thinks. I'm just going to tell her how it is. So, tell us where is this big day? My wedding is in California. This wedding is the event of the year. Everyone keeps asking, "Are we invited? Are we invited?" Great. Well, welcome to New York. Thank you. My fiance's name is Jared Zirilli. I love everything about Jared. I can't live without him. He's my world. He's my soulmate. He completes me. So, have you tried on wedding gowns? Yeah. And? There's nothing out there. At least in LA. I've gone all over Rodeo Drive, Melrose. How do you want to look on your wedding day? This one. Oh, this one? It's this dress. Until I see this dress on me, I can't make a decision. She has to have the dress that she wants. Really? Persia is spoiled princess. She knows what she wants and she'll usually get it. I think there's some better options. I like more of a mermaid type gown. Have you tried on a mermaid before? Yeah. I don't want a mermaid. I feel like everyone does it. How how much do you want to spend? I don't really have a budget. Mom, how do you feel about this? Very good. She's my baby. Well, the good news is Pnina herself is here. So, you could create anything and everything. But this one this one is my dress. Oh, okay. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. So, this is going to be easy. Persia is dead set on this one dress. That's weird. It's not here. And it's not on the showroom floor. So, I'm going to have to track this down. In the meantime, we're going to try to keep her busy with other dresses. I tell you these are heavy. And we will see if we can find that one that you really want. We can't leave until we find it. We won't. We'll stay till tomorrow. No problem. So, um which one you want to try on first? I think we should put you in a mermaid for Arsh. Okay. So, Wendy, in the meantime, if possible, Check the consultant's rooms. While Randy's on the hunt, Antonella puts Persia in a mermaid Pnina Tornai. I don't think it's pretty. I think mermaid dresses look cheap. Let's show them. Let's see what they think. She reluctantly tried on her brother's choice of a mermaid silhouette. What do you think? I don't like this. And I don't like this stuff. It makes me wider and shorter. Basically, you like nothing about this dress, right? Basically. So, this is Pnina Tornai and Ah, Arsh has a smile. I really like it. Maybe strapless and then it will be perfect. I agree. I want strapless. Yeah, you See, I know everything. I want poofy. You don't know anything. You know nothing. Zero. We all agree this is Arsh's dress. Okay. Clearly not in love with her brother's mermaid silhouette, Antonella puts Persia in the princess style she loves while Randy continues to hunt for her dream dress. Pretty. Oh my god. Okay, so this is by Casablanca. It's nice if you're working as a princess in Disneyland or something. I don't know what's wrong looking like a princess. I want to be a princess. I just think it's straight up ugly. I think you look fat. You may get thrown out of this appointment, Arsh. Be honest. me because he'll tell me the truth. Okay, how do you feel about this dress? I don't like it. But did we find the dress? I knocked on every door and asked every single consultant and no one has this. I'm starting to think that the dress isn't here and this dress doesn't compare. It has a flower on it. You have to find it. I can't say yes to anything until I try it on. I've asked all the consultants, but I have not asked Pnina. I'm depressed. You better find the dress. We came all the way from OC. If we can't find that dress, it's a disaster. She's going to make life hell for me. They have to find it because I have to live with her, not you. This is an emergency. I need this dress. Hi, I'm sorry. I have to interrupt you. No, it's okay. So, we've been looking for this dress high and low. I can't seem to locate it. It went out on a photo shoot. So, is it back? I don't know. I have to see. Let me check. I'm nervous. Pnina better have this dress cuz there's not any dress in the store that Persia is going to be happy with. My love. Yes! You are so lucky. it. It came in. It must have come in when I was working with a customer. All right! Yeah! Surprise! Really? Yeah, really! You ready? I'm ready. All right. Let's do this, girl. Oh my god, it's so pretty. It's perfect. I want to show them. Okay. This is the dress. That dress is gorgeous. OMG. Oh my god. It's Pnina Tornai. Was it worth the wait? Yes. And it's so gorgeous. It's so much more than what I thought it would be. And this is the matching veil. $7,000. They don't have a budget, so it doesn't matter. That's right. When I put the veil on, it just completed my vision. I don't care what it cost. I need it. What does everyone think now? Hello. This is Miss Pnina. Some of us want to be princesses and I think this is a real princess. Well, what does he think? Uh-oh. Arsh? It wasn't exactly what I had in mind. But I was wrong. It's perfect on her. I'm so excited that my brother is on board because I don't know how I would feel if I had to say yes to a dress without his approval. Okay, so we're going to ask, Persia, are you saying yes to the dress? YES. THANK YOU FOR MAKING ME LOOK SO BEAUTIFUL. CONGRATS. You finally found something I like. Persia confidently says yes to her dream dress, a $14,100 sheer bodice Pnina Tornai ball gown. I found my dress. I'm so excited. Your dad's going to cry. When he sees THE CREDIT CARD. MY NAME IS DAWN ZIEMNIAK. I'm 29 years old. I live in Manhattan. I'm a model signed with Ford Model Agency and I'm a residential real estate agent. Hi ladies. How are you? Today, I brought with me my mother, my sister who's my maid of honor, my niece who's the flower girl, and two of my bridesmaids. My two bridesmaids, Nick and Lena's opinions matter most to me. My mom and my sister are not as much into fashion as I am. So, I want them here to be part of the experience. I have my bridal shoes already picked out, so hopefully we can find a dress that matches my shoes. Okay. Well, she has the guy and the shoes, right, ladies? My fiance's name is Jabril Jackson and we've been together for 3 years. Uh we met actually at his apartment when he was having a small get-together. I am getting married next May at St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York City. I'm looking for a dress that makes me look good. I'm pretty open to a lot of things except sleeves. But her friends have their own opinions. I would like to see her in something a little more dramatic, but not too much. And mom? Well, maybe something lace with sleeves. I see you kind of in strapless, kind of fitted, and then out. You know, almost like that dramatic fit and flare. I'm going to be really interested to see what they pull for me. And price point? Is there somewhere you want to be? $5,000 range. Okay. My budget is around $5,000. I'll be paying for it myself. I'm going to take her with me to the back and we'll bring her out with some dresses. Let me show you what I had in mind originally. This girl wants a very couture gown. I would try this one on. She really loves the idea of something very flowy and and soft. The first dress at $2,500 is under budget. really delicate and subtle to me and I like that about it. But will her group agree? This dress is surprisingly really soft and subtle and like it just kind of floats. I do like it. You do like it, right? It's like this one um gave a different uh admitted a different sense of me. I don't care for it. I don't care for it. Wow, okay. We love the buttons. You said be honest. Yeah, absolutely. This gown gets mixed reviews. At $5,000, this dress is at the high end of Dawn's budget. So, what do you guys think? I don't think this is it. Do you think it's not bridal? Like it's just a great dress and but it wouldn't be like a bridal It'd would beautiful in green, it would be beautiful in pink. kind of reminds me of your prom dress. What do you think, Mom? I like it. You know, you never know. You never can tell. In this dress, I feel like I'm going to a party. However, it is my wedding. It's not a normal party. So, I knew I didn't want it. Once again, the group doesn't agree, but Mom has a surprise gift to ease Dawn's shopping dilemma. Hi, Susan. Hi. Listen, I wanted to give this to you, Dawn. What's this? Oh my goodness. It's a blank check, Susan. What is this for? That's for your wedding dress. I was shocked when my mom offered to foot the bill for the dress and gave me the blank check. well, now that changes everything. I just wanted to help. This is This says so much. Now, I have the opportunity to see every dress that I love. When I realized it was an open-ended blank check, it put a lot of pressure on me and made me scared now because I didn't want to go too over budget even though I had the option to. I had thought, wouldn't that be a nice gesture? As the budget rises, so does the value of Mom's opinion. I want to show my appreciation by really taking her feelings and her her wants into account. With a blank check in hand, Diane shows Dawn the higher-end gowns. When you go from five or four to nine or 10, I like that one. I like that one. I love that one. Should I try on this one, too? Or is it Yes. the selection gets much, much larger and hence you have more choices. So, apparently money is no object according to my mother, but I wasn't raised that way, which is really odd because I was raised by her. So, I don't want to get too caught up in the moment, but I do want something spectacular. Level head aside, Dawn comes out in a $12,000 designer dress. So, what do you think? It's not the traditional bridal look, but Like the other two. Really like it. It moves so great. like it. It is different. Actually, I like where the waist is here and I like the top, but I'm sorry. I do not like the bottom. I don't care for the back on the bottom. She looks like Big Bird. Now that Mom's paying, Dawn's paying attention to Mom's opinion. She doesn't like my train. I don't want to have a dress with a train. That can't be changed if she doesn't like it. The previous gown is a definite no, so Dawn hopes Mom likes all of this gown. I really really digging this dress. I love that dress on you. Dress four rings in at $9,300. She wanted to try a one-shoulder with the texture. It's a combination of everything I was looking for um and I didn't even know it could be combined. So, and they match my shoes. It just was very fashion-forward. See, it's not blingy like as far as the stones. I just like it. What do you think about the price, Mom? I think that's cheap. Oh, look at I mean, for that dress. Mommy Warbucks over here. She looked really nice. After four dresses, Dawn has her top two. The $2,500 dress Mom hates and the $9,300 dress Mom likes. Will she break the bank for fashion? I think it's going to come down to what they think a bride should look like and what this bride is going to look like. That one. Dawn? Yes. Are you saying yes to this dress? I'm saying yes to this dress. She's saying yes to this dress. She got the one she wanted. Her mom's happy, everyone's happy. I'm happy cuz she's going to look like a diva walking down I was going to say the runway, but apparently it's not a runway, it's an aisle. This is the one she had the reaction to, which you want. I want one of my dress to be fashion-forward yet timeless. I think I achieved that. So, the turn. Thank you. Oh my god, I can't believe it. This is what I'm getting married in. Downstairs in alterations, there's a bride walking in expecting to have her final fitting. My name's Kelly Mascorro. My wedding is a week away. Kelly's one of our clients that keeps on coming back all the time to get her dress tapered in more more and more. The first time I had a fitting, I was very upset. I was ready to cry when I saw what it looked like because it didn't fit like the one I tried on. It was very big. They always order in sizes too big. I still never got why they do that. The wedding's off. Don't say that. I had another fitting after that and it's just it was a lot of work to get the dress to look like the dress that I actually tried on to begin with. It's taking time to alter Kelly's dress. You're getting married. Whose crazy idea was that? My fiance's name is Pancho Orlando. We met during a Sunday afternoon at this place in East Hampton. And that's the story and now here I am at Kleinfeld. They're just going to do another little nip tuck and um hopefully it will be absolutely perfect. Kelly checks the fit of her dress while Nicole checks in with her old friends in alterations. I miss you, too. I'll always have toys down there in some way. I'm told that certain brides are coming in, so I go down to go make sure that I go see them and you know, they're kind of like my little babies. Just as well Nicole's around as Kelly needs all the help she can get. How do you feel about the dress? Is the dress fitting you okay? It is a little baggy. Kelly wants her dress painted on her body. Truth is, it just can't happen. And if the dress is too tight, you're not going to be able to sit in it. Sit. Does it fit? You have to do a one-sit test. How do you feel doing? See? All right, so that's good. The length is good. We just got to on the boobies. We got to work on the boobies. Get the plastic surgeon in here. Josephine has been wonderful. My the same stress. She's really had a lot of patience. With the money I spent on the dress, I could have got a boob job and been done with it. That would just go be like, where did those come from? And um the dress now should be perfect. A week later at Kelly's wedding, her dress looks and fits just right. The dress is so important because it's the first time that your fiance is going to see you knowing that he's making you his wife. Everything is wrapped up inside this one dress. The feeling that everyone else is going to get when they see you in it, not just how you feel in it. It's just a momentous occasion. Patrice? My name is Patrice Jones and I am here at Kleinfeld to hopefully find my wedding gown. This is the best-looking group I've ever worked with. Today, I brought my sister Beatrice, my sister Kenetta, and I also brought my two brothers, Thomas and Julius Jones. They together played 12 years in the NFL. I brought my brothers today because I know that they're going to be honest. What kind of look are you going for? I want to look like princess. So, I want a big ball gown. Would you be opposed to doing something really fitted? I want to try it. See. you should. Yeah. I know nothing about wedding dresses. All I know is that they're supposed to be white or cream or ivory or something like that. Where do you want to be price-wise? Where are you guys comfortable? is fine. Me and my brother Julius wanted to surprise Patrice. We are going to pay for her dress. She has no idea. Patrice, you got a minute to win it. Good luck. Okay. Thank you. My fiance's name is Keith Taylor. He actually had to chase me for four months, but when I went on my first date with him, I knew I was going to marry him. He reminded me so much of my brothers because he is so kind and he has such a sweet soul. Oh, yeah. Here we go. This one is see-through. Oh, yeah. Put that one back. That's another go. I think the sexy look it looks good on other women, but not my sister. Come on, what older brother would let his younger sister wear something like No. This room is just it's not where we want to be. What are you doing back here? Can I help you guys? Yeah, yeah, you know, all of these things all of these look the same. The wall that you guys chose happens to be all the sexy dresses. Let's get out of here. What is the biggest, most expensive dress that we have? Come on. I can only imagine. Go ahead, brother. The iron horse. The iron? All right. So, how much how much is this How much is it? $29,000. Wow. Yeah. My wife's probably going to kill me, but Patrice is just such a joy to be around and she really deserves it. So, do you want me to bring it in? Yeah. She's going to try this one on. You're just going to take it like that? We'll figure it out. Here we go. Julius, you got it. Look at these guys. Which way is she? Do you want to show this to them? Yeah. I think they'll get a kick out of this. Yeah. I get it. Patrice. God. You might say yes to this one. What are they doing? Is that what you guys picked out? Like, really? Just try it on. Yeah, yeah. All right. I think this dress is not even close to what Patrice is looking for. Now, I feel like this is just like a I'm going to dinner. Compared to that, how much is this? Like $20,000? This is over your price point. Good. They can pay for it if they want me to wear it. Okay. We'll put this one on. Honestly, this kind of dress is you wear it for a ceremony and then you need to change. Oh my god, I don't even know if I can wear my shoes. This it? Is this it? Here it is. Looks heavy. It's like you're walking on stilts. You may sprain an ankle walking with this dress on. How uncomfortable are you on a scale of one to 10? No, it's 20. Oh, yeah. Let's see what the boys have to say. This is Pnina Tornai and it's $29,100. Okay. Looking at you, T. Well, how do you feel about it? I feel like it's really beautiful, but there's just no way. I feel exhausted in this dress. Feels like it's probably as heavy as the shoulder pads are. Yeah, it's very heavy. You know, if I'm struggling carrying it back to the room for her to try on, then I can only imagine her walking Not to mention it's like five times my budget. All right, we tried. All right, let's keep going. Okay, Katrice's brothers pulled the dress that they wanted to see her in, so now I'm going to pull a dress that I think she's going to really love. All right. Oh, that looks pretty. Oh my gosh, I feel like dreaming. You guys are so quiet. We're speechless. I have never known my brothers to be speechless ever, and I'm a little worried. I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing. Beautiful. I really, really like that one. Yeah, oh god, don't start. That's it. You got it. That's it. That's it, Katrice. For Thomas and Jules to to love it, that really says something. This really might be the dress. You look like a Barbie. Katrice looks breathtaking in the dress. I don't think you need to sit down anymore cuz that's beautiful and that's your dress. You want to say yes to the dress, right? She's supposed to say that. Oh, sorry. Would you like for me to ask her? Wait, wait, wait, wait. You cannot say yes to my dress without me. Thank you. So, beautiful Katrice, Yes. are you saying yes to my dress? Yes, I am. Thank you so much. We're so proud of you. We love you. We want to buy this dress for you. You are? Congratulations. Love you. Congratulations. Thank you. With her brothers in agreement, Katrice says yes to a $5,400 Pnina Tornai ball gown. It's really special. I'm always going to associate my wedding gown with my brothers. No, you're the star. Yay! Thank you. Thank you. it. My name's Danielle Pree, and this Georgia girl's going to get her dress today in New York City. Here we go, girls. Let's do it. I can't believe it. Oh my gosh. Today I brought with me um Shan and Maureen. They're both dear friends of mine. I can't believe I have people close enough to me that are willing to fly to New York and experience this with me. Are you going to do a veil, though? I don't know if I want a veil. I like these little head things. Walking into Kleinfeld today, we are so excited. There's so many to choose from. I'm glad it's not me. I'm glad it's you. Thank you. Just saying. I'm glad you're here to help me. Oh, I'm going to help you, all right. Hi, ladies. Are you saying yes? I'm Briana. Nice to meet you. So, tell me a bit about what we're looking for today. Um the roaring '20s are more like satin, elegant, not a lot of lace, silk. Uh I like the back to be out, maybe a little bit of bling. Sounds very glamorous. Yeah, that's kind of what we're going for, right? And where is your wedding going to be? Augusta, Georgia. Is that where you're from? Mhm. Our theme is lucky in love. I love lottery tickets. You have to bring a lottery ticket to the wedding as a gift to us. So, hopefully on our honeymoon, we'll become rich scratching them off. Danielle, tell me about the budget that I need to be aware of. We'd like to keep it under like around 5,000. All right, ladies. So, let's get some seating and I'll take you back to the room. All right, wonderful. Thank you. My fiance's name is Don Harper. I call him Boo, and I've never given nicknames to other men I've dated, but he just looks like a boo. He's funny, and you wouldn't know it until you start talking to him, but he has like this smart humor about him. We just get each other, and we have a good time together. All right, Danielle, I'm coming in. Yay! Okay, exciting. Oh, I see some bling. Oh, yeah. Danielle wants a gown with an open back and sexy with a 1920s feel. Wow, it is sexy. Oh, yeah, look at the back. Oh, wow, that's so pretty. Mhm. Oh. Oh my gosh. This dress is very low in the front, and that's what I asked for, and very low in the back, and it's tapered. It has the bling that I like. It has the straps that I like. But yeah. What do we think, ladies? That is just stunning on you. My waist is small, my curves are kicking. The only thing I would wish, if this was just silk. Silk or satin? Okay. Instead of the tulle. But I love the back of it. It looks beautiful. I'm not in love with the front, and that's because of the tulle that was blocking everything. Maybe open Maybe without the illusion, right? Okay, let's try another one. Okay? A good first start. It was a good first start. This one I love. Yeah, this is a stretch satin, so you're going to be able to move and dance. They did good. Danielle's friends picked out this Pnina stretch satin fit and flare. I'm hoping they all love it. Ooh, mamacita. Danielle, what do you think about this? dress. This dress is gorgeous. It has the detail I wanted in the beads in the front, in the back. Oh my gosh. Wow. Makes my hams look good. It's what Boo calls them is my hams. Look at her butt. It's just like Boom, right there in your face, Boo. I love it. I love it. I think it's you. Yeah? Honestly think this will be my dress. Can you get her mom on Skype? Yes, we'll get her. She's going to be so excited. I know she's waiting all day. My mother has breast cancer, and she's not able to be here today, but I want her to get the full experience as if she is here, because these are all moments in our lives, and I just want to her to be a part of it. Mama, you see me? Mama, do you like it for real? You want to see the back? You like it? Mama, I miss you. I miss you. I was just staring. No, I love you. Really? It is just overwhelming having her here, see it on me instead of me having to go back home and describe it to her, and just be a part of this moment. Mama, it's not a real long veil. What do you think about the head pieces? My hair would be up like this. very glamorous. Yeah, we can still kiss. She loves it, and that just makes it even more special. I like it. Like I need to just go ahead and get married while we're here. Danielle, are you saying yes to the Oh my gosh, yes, I'M SAYING YES TO MAMA, WE HAVE A DRESS. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. I'm right here. Pat myself on the back because yes, I found this gorgeous dress. Ali, nice to meet you in person. finally. Pnina's waiting, so come on in. My name is Maria, and I was fortunate enough for Kleinfeld to tell me that Pnina will sometimes do special appointments if people show this crazy passion for her dresses that I clearly must have made obvious on the phone. Pnina. This is Maria Frucci. Nice to meet you. This is so exciting. My pleasure. I don't have a budget. I don't want to put a price on what's the perfect dress, because my fiance and I are big on saying, "This is what I want, and what's it going to cost me?" I would love a ball gown with some bling Some bling. and lots. I live for bling, but bling is expensive. A bride with an unlimited budget is my dream, because I can focus on making the dress perfect at any cost. This corset is fully beaded, all Swarovski stones. This is a definite. I love this top. Okay, I'm going to take this one in. The skirt, though, something with maybe some pickups, not so kind of um traditional. I want everyone to be surprised with my selection. I want it to be a showstopper. You were saying you love some pickups. Oh my god, this is gorgeous. It can come in pure white, like Pnina does. We can do a white. We can absolutely do a white. I can tell you this is probably my skirt. Perfect. Great. Maria heads back to the dressing room to combine the two Pnina dresses she loves. This is stunning. I definitely love this top. My arms up? Yep. Okay, so it wasn't as bad. this is just amazing. Gorgeous. This skirt with this top is really bringing my vision to life. Wow, I think we're on the right direction. I think so, too. Okay, so we're loving the top. Of course, this will not be the color. We're going pure white. Anything that you want? Maybe something that would add a little bling to the skirt. Ali, I need the flower. I have a special flower for brides that can't get enough bling. They're all hand embroidered with Swarovski stones, but they don't come cheap. A flower like that is around $1,200 a piece. Wow, it's stunning. Think we need one wherever we have a pickup. Yeah, that sounds great. Later, you love it? Beautiful. Love it. She's got me to a T, I think. Panina knows. When I do a customized dress, it's a piece of art. We want it to hold. The corset to be with the lace and the flowers. Yeah, I love that. And the flowers coming out a little bit. Being able to sit on a couch next to Panina watching her bring this creation to life is absolutely priceless. Then we'll have another cluster here. Is this your dream? It's perfect. I love it. The final sketch that Panina put together, it is absolutely my dress. It was just so exciting to work with Panina creating really my dream dress. I'm so happy. Thank you so much. Monisha had Panina custom design every single element of her dress. With all the add-ons, the customization, and the accessories, she spent $50,000. Money is no object for Monisha and her extravagant wedding plans, so she's counting on Cristiana to make her dreams come true. Welcome to Kleinfeld. Congratulations. My name is Monisha Corry. I'm having three different ceremonies. I'm having one Catholic ceremony for my mom, a ceremony for Chris and I in the vineyards, and a ceremony that's going to be Indian based for my father. Hi. Hi, I'm her mom, Jenny. How are you? you. Hi, I'm Leah, her sister. Sister? I'm Leah, friend. Sharon. Sharon. Hi, I'm Coco. Nice to meet you all. What are we looking for? I'm looking for three different dresses. One, two, and three. Okay. It's going to be an insane appointment. One's a Catholic ceremony in a church. For the Catholic ceremony, I want it to be a little bit more traditional. One of them is in a vineyard. Okay. For the winery one, I want it to be real whimsical, very romantic. And then we're doing one in New Jersey that's going to be an Indian ceremony. For the Indian one, I want it to be really glamorous. She likes all things fancy. Fancy, yeah. It is. Anything fancy is going to be, yeah. My family think it's absolutely crazy that I'm getting three dresses and doing three ceremonies cuz three ceremonies is really kind of wild. Budget-wise, where are you comfortable? We're going to do 15,000 for all three. three? Her father is very much enamored with and loves his daughters. He loves us so much and he would do anything for us. So, he's paying for the wedding Tell me about your fiance. We met in DC through friends. My fiance is Chris Fava. About a year into us dating, we decided to move to Australia together, and it was kind of one of those do or die moments like we're either going to make it or not, and he was just amazing. And after that experience, we just knew that this was the the the relationship. I'm going to start shopping for your three options, and uh we're going to do this today. Yes. Cristiana wastes no time pulling Randy into this over-the-top appointment. You know what I would say about three dresses normally, you know, it's not a fashion show. I think because Monisha's having, you know, different weddings at different locations on different dates, I think it makes sense to have several dresses. This is gorgeous. This is gorgeous. You know what? If she's got the money, why not? Let's do it. I'm Randy. Nice to meet you. So, we're doing three wedding dresses. We are. to say yes to the dress every half hour. I'm in for it. Okay, we are too. We're in for it. We are too. I'm excited. Well, you're in great hands here, so. Great. Fight. The first dress that I put Monisha in is the Lazaro with the beaded bodice and the ruffles. I started with that because she wanted something really extravagant. This Lazaro gown is a candidate for Monisha's Indian ceremony. Oh, Monisha, you look so beautiful. Get the tissues out, Mom. I got them out. Step on up. Oh. Incredible. Incredible. I know. I love it. It's a wow. It's amazing. It's a wow, but I don't like those circles in it. What? Just take this off and I'll love it. I wasn't as happy with the round circles on that dress. You find one without those, I'll love it. Get some scissors. I think that these parts make it a little more modern. You look happy. I love it. This is going to be hard to beat. Mom, it's growing on you? A little bit. bit. Monisha needs three dresses in one appointment, so we've got to keep this appointment moving. But I love the enthusiasm. Keep it going. Let's do something completely different then. So, Cristiana changes gears and chooses a dress for Monisha's vineyard wedding, a $5,000 dress with a slimming silhouette. I love the full lace. I'm not sure how I feel about the beading with the full lace. Like the beading almost seems a little harsh compared to like the softness of the dress. The lace dress is out, but there's another dress that Monisha would like to see. It has a kind of a sweetheart, but it has beading along the top almost like this is. It's just a little bit more of a drop. I know which one it is. Oh my god, please still have it. I knew I saw it in the store. I wasn't sure if we still had it. Oh my god, please be here. Yes. Oh my god. Let's go show this to her and just to see if this is it or not. That's it. That's awesome. I love it. This is very me. This $6,400 Lazaro gown is being considered for Monisha's vineyard wedding. Really? Oh, I love this one. Where did this one come from? This is me. This is just like That is beautiful. It's like a little antiquey, but it's whimsical. It's almost like old Hollywood, but in a perfect way. Sold? Sold. I'm saying yes to this Maria. Perfect. Perfect. Mom. Yes. Are you saying yes to dress number one? Yes. Two more to go. Monisha said yes to a $6,400 Lazaro gown for her vineyard wedding. I was thinking this. Bang it out. Oh, yeah. Love it. beautiful? Love it. So, the lace dress is very fitted and it's traditional. It goes with the church ceremony. I really do like this one, too. Good thing I can get three. Oh, that's beautiful. She's getting married in a Spanish chapel and that just to me looked like Spanish lace and it's just beautiful on her. I love this part. That's what I love. You're not sold, Maria. what? After the like what we've seen, I think it's hard. Because it's a totally different vibe here. Yeah. It's a different wow factor, though. Yeah. This dress makes me feel very romantic, very sweet. I really do like this a lot. I would like to keep going. We'll keep this to the side and try this one on again. As Cristiana puts Monisha in another option for her church wedding, Yeah, I really like this. Randy greets a surprise guest. Hi, I'm Randy. Hi. And you are? Ravi. My name is Ravi A Corry. And I'm the father of the bride. She's expecting you, right? No, she's not. She's not? She's not. She doesn't know you're coming. No. Okay, good. I was in Boston. I had a meeting. I cut my meeting short. What are you doing? How was your trip? So, I made a special point to try and make it. Just stand in the middle, Dad, and let's when she comes out, let's see if she notices you're here. Oh. Trust me, watch brides in the mirror. Okay. Oh my god, Papa. When I walked out and saw him, I was just floored. I didn't think he was going to be there and I was just so happy to see him. I'm so excited. You blew it. I know. I know. That's pretty special. We are so close and he's just so special to me that it was missing that he wasn't here. So, it really it was amazing to have him come. What do you guys think of this one? You look um flatter than normally. Yeah. The lace isn't as pretty in this one. I don't think so. I think she has some other designs that look better. That look better. This dress is not working and the clock is ticking. We've got to find a dress that she can say yes to. Monisha still needs to say yes to two more dresses and she shows her family a possibility for her Indian ceremony. That's glamorous. Wow. The shape and the way that it, you know, this part is just amazing to me. It looks so flattering on you. It is crazy. But I feel like I still want more drama. It is very conservative. I still like the other one better. Which one? You didn't see it. The personality of the other dress is more my personality. I didn't see the other one. Why don't you put it back on and show Dad. See what he thinks. So, Randy and Cristiana help Monisha into the dazzling dress she loved earlier. That. I love this. It's like wow. I love this. Oh, this is This is This is the full thing. This is the full thing. Wow. Oh, this is the one we love. Yeah. The wedding dress is a little bit more jazzed up. That's Monisha. Are you saying yes to your SECOND DRESS? YES. MONISHA'S SECOND LAZARO DRESS cost $6,200 and will be worn for her lavish Indian wedding celebration. After a quick change, Monisha returns to the salon in the lace dress she's considering for her church wedding. Oh, this is the one you liked. Uh-huh. Yeah, I like it more now. You like it more? Okay, good. The wedding dress is very sophisticated, elegant, lacy kind of dress, which is much more appropriate for the kind of wedding. It'd be perfect for the occasion. Are you saying yes to dress number one? Yes. Are you saying yes to dress number two? Are you saying yes to DRESS NUMBER THREE? FOR THE THIRD TIME TODAY, Monisha said yes to a dress. This $3,100 lace creation is by designer Ramona Keveza. And even with three dresses, Monisha managed to stay within her budget. The total price of all the dresses with alterations is 15,400. I love them. We're looking for Gretchen. Hi guys, how are you guys? Who's Gretchen? I'm Gretchen. This is the bride. Hi, nice to meet you. And of course you know Amber. Nice to meet you. Congratulations, you're so beautiful. And so are you guys. Oh my god. Look at this Are these all bridesmaids or what? Yes, sisters. Yeah, we're all Sisters, wow. You have matching shoes? We do. I love it. Louboutins nonetheless. So um, I see all the sisters here. Where's mom and dad? Well, they passed away when we were younger. So I'm sorry. Thank you. That's okay. Around the time I was 14, our parents passed away. Our Our mom passed away first. She had lymphoma cancer. And then about a year and a half after that, my dad passed away from a heart attack. I was 16 when my dad passed and Jacqueline was five. So the hardest part was we didn't know what was going to happen to us. But we have 10 aunts and 10 uncles and they all stepped up to the plate to do their part and take care of us to make sure that we didn't get put in foster care and thankfully now we're so close. And it feels so great to be able to have all of them here today. I was 12 when my sister passed. She was 26. I still don't think there's a day that goes by that I don't think of her. She was the only girl out of seven children. She was the second oldest and she was my entire world. Her name was Linda and my mom still My mom's almost 98 now and she still calls me Linda every once in a while. Our mom's name was Linda. Your mom's name was Linda? Meant to be that we were supposed to meet you. Very few things make me cry. This is so This is This is a happy day. This is a happy day and we're going to find you a gorgeous dress. So um, tell us silhouette. Are you thinking more fitted, more A-line, more ball gown? Well, I think I'm anti ball gown cuz I am short, but Petite. Petite. We don't say short. We don't say short. One of you said you really would like to just try one. Her venue is a Pittsburgh historical landmark. It's so dramatic and I think a ball gown would just be the perfect dress for that venue. Our wedding is at the Pennsylvanian. It has a huge rotunda that our ceremony will be in and then the ballroom has these elegant 45-ft ceilings. It's stunning. So that's why I need a really stunning dress. I think definitely a V-neckline is really flattering on you. We can do deep V and fitted or an A-line, you know. But that's the one thing we all agree on. I think that'll be the most flattering for you for sure. And how much would you like to spend? Ideally I'd like to keep it under 10,000. Initially I was thinking one dress. They all kept saying two dresses. Have you ever thought about a fitted dress with a detachable train? I didn't know they had those. Oh, we have everything, darling. We have everything. And that's a way to get two looks in one. Okay. So if you lovely ladies would like to sit on the sofa and we'll take you to the room. What's happening, Randy? Can I tell you? Amber and I were both kind of thinking of this one dress. Yeah, the first one she wanted to try on, so we shall see. We'll see. I'm so excited to see her in a dress now. It really has everything that she's asking for. It's got the deep V-neckline. It's got a bit of shimmer and sparkle. It has a very slight trumpet. It has this really dramatic overskirt with a long train. However, we have four other opinions we have to deal with. Look how insane this train Oh my gosh. It's gorgeous. The girls are quite quiet. That makes me feel a little uncertain about what they're thinking. Won't be able to buy the dress if they don't love it like I do. It is amazing. I think it's stunning and I think you look just gorgeous in that. Jacqueline, what do you think? I like it. I think it's very sexy. I kind of picture her being decisive right away, but at the same time you don't really want to jinx it. Yeah, I feel like to be sure you have to see what else is out there. So now we're going to show you for the reception. Take it off. I'm excited to see it without this. What in the world? Yep, I love it. I want it. Hold ye horses. When I know, I know. And I know some people would think that's crazy, but I am a little worried that they might not fully have my vision. We're going to try to beat this, okay? Might be very hard, but we are going to try. I don't feel I need to try on any other dresses. But we came all this way, so let's just see a couple other options and see what the sisters have to say. I love this dress. I want to buy it. I don't personally need to try on anything else. This is the one to me. But if my sisters would love for me to try on some more, so absolutely I will. It's just beautiful to see you guys here supporting her. All the sisters said this is perfect. When you get five girls to agree on one dress, knock me over with a feather. Okay, so this is by Tony Ward. Let's get you out of this one. I want to try this dress on because I know Hannah is going to really love it. But I'm also curious to see what the other sisters have to say. Okay. This is stunning. Oh my god, Randy's going to be so excited. Wait, wait, wait. Do you like this one, too? I like this a lot more than I thought. I was not expecting to like this dress. So I'm getting nervous because I'm starting to question if the first dress is the right dress. I'm excited to see her in something so different. Yoo-hoo. So just a little different, this one. Oh my. How do you feel? I like this way more than I thought I was going to. I love the shape. I think it makes your body look flawless. But if you had the attached train again, See, I just want it to be dramatic and surprise you guys. So there is a skirt. What is happening? Oh my. It is amazing. I My whole brain is in shock. And Hannah? I love it. There's not one thing I would change about it. I think it's stunning and I think you look just gorgeous in that. So now we've just made it really tough, haven't we? Yeah. I love this dress. If this was my wedding, which it's not, I would probably choose this one. I'm all about this dress. So what do we do now, Gretchen? Get me into that first dress again. I'm so surprised that they all love it. I wasn't really thinking that was going to happen. So now I'm really sweating. Getting very nervous. Oh, this is beautiful. It's just so It's just elegant AF. I agree. This is my dress. Okay. See, we're going to store it Do you think the girls are all on board with you? They better be. How do you What do you think? 100%. This is the dress. Yes. It all makes sense. It's wonderful to have their support. I don't think I could do it without them. So it really just makes me feel even more confident in dress number one. So would you like to see a veil with this? I would. Yes. Today I brought my mom's earrings that she wore on her wedding day. I wore them for my wedding day. I'm not sure if, you know, that might be too emotional for her, but I do have it as a surprise. It was sweet. Well, I don't think that your earrings go and I thought that maybe you might want to try on mom's wedding earrings. So these are mom's? I forgot about these. I know. Seeing my mom's earrings, I'm feeling really sad in a way that she's not here, but also very happy that I'll be able to have a piece of her on my wedding day. I do feel her here. Yeah, she if she were here, she would love this dress. They're beautiful. They're beautiful, actually. They really are. I love it. You look beautiful. Absolutely amazing. just so perfect. I love it. I don't like it, I love it. Thank you, guys. I don't think I've ever been this happy. Well, except for when Michael proposed, but this is pretty close to that. Is that bad? I love this dress as much as I love Michael. Me, too. We're laughing and crying. Carla, are you saying yes to THE DRESS? I CAN'T WAIT TO MARRY MICHAEL. I've never felt that beautiful in my life, and the highlight of the wedding is being able to have all of my sisters there beside me. It's going to be very special. It's going to be very magical. I think you got some friends coming to join you. Mission accomplished. We're so excited. We're just so happy for her. I knew she would find a dress, but I didn't think she'd find one this good. Don't grab my butt. My name is Carla Rose Parajon. I'm 24 years old, and today I brought my mother and my grandmother. I am the mother of the bride, and I've been waiting for this all my life. What's the look that we're going for? I don't know if we agree on this. I like some of Panina Tornai's designs. I want a lot of details in the screen. Mom, do Um, something a little a little different. Everyone seems to have the same type of gown. We just have different taste. We we've always had different taste. My mother is very opinionated. I just want to be sure that the dress is in good taste. I'm hoping there will be no disagreement, but I guess only time will tell. Is there a price point we want to keep it around or under roughly? 7,500. Tell me about your fiance. My fiance's name is Michael Anthony Rada. He's a police detective, and uh we've been together for 5 years now. It was love at first sight, I guess you could say. So, ready to go shopping? Yes, definitely. These aren't glitzy enough. Mom, do you like this? I don't like it. You don't like it? No, I don't like it. Do you like this, honey? I don't know if I can carry this. This seems like it's going to be a little bit of a tough appointment because mother and daughter are not seeing eye to eye. While Sarah starts pulling dresses, Carla and her mom corner Randy in the stock room to pick his brain. Hey, Randy. Hi. And you are? Carla. I'm minding my own business, and Carla and her mom stop me and say, "What dress would you put me in?" Sometimes women want a guy to come in and tell them what to wear. Especially a fabulously dressed guy like myself. You want a grand dress, but you also don't want it to overpower you. Yes. Right. Definitely. Carla, Come, let me show you something. Oh, great. I I See, this came to me and asked me about what dress, and I was thinking the Kenneth Pool with the cape. Royal taste in the room. I know. That's why I said that Sarah's dead on. Come take a look at this dress. It's a Panina. This is a surprise skirt. So, this goes on top for the ceremony. Ooh, I like that. And then you take that off, and for the reception, you have this. Ooh, I like that. Carla is a true Panina bride. She wants bling, sparkle, she wants to be dramatic. Sarah's first pull has Carla in a flutter, but will she feel the same once it's off the hanger? I like how it drops over here, and I like the the glitzy straps because I feel that's a different look. Oh, I hope everybody likes this one. I hope so, too, for you. When I see the dress, it's lacy and glitzy, and I love it. Wait, you're sure that this can be in my price range, though, right? That's what Dorothy said. She's the buyer. Okay, good. Oh my goodness. I love this gown. It's so different, and that's what I love about it. Mom, the best part is to see? Yeah. Ready? For the reception. The whole gown is lacy and poofy, and you see the lace and poof and poof. It's just a little too gaudy, I think. Oh, gaudy? I'm all out gaudy, Mom. Costume-y. Costume-y, not a lot Well, my mom and I haven't agreed on many dresses, so I don't know if it's shocking that I love it and that she doesn't as much. Everyone look at her and say, "Oh my goodness, Bernadette has such elegant good taste, and you know, look at her daughter." When I think of her bride, she's happy, her mom's happy. You know, I always want to please the bride. But even though you know that something doesn't look well on the bride, you still want to please the bride. If I'm standing in front of the mirror in a dress that looks hideous, and I turn to you and say, "This is my dress. I love it. What do you think?" What am I supposed to say? I'm caught in the middle here because I'm really trying to work for the bride, and I'm really agreeing with her mom that this dress is over the top. It's going to be beautiful when you go down that aisle. If the daughter loves one dress and the mother hates it, it's over. What Carla finds gorgeous, Mom finds gaudy. I like classic and elegant. This I don't know if it's classic and elegant. And in good taste. Well, my mom and I haven't agreed on many dresses. She likes poofy and and flowers and I'm kind of agreeing with the mom. I personally like a dress that's going to really stand the test of time. So, when Carla looks back at her wedding photographs, it's going to be timeless. See, I want to see this on you. You don't love it? I I like it, but I just feel the front is so plain. This is probably more maybe your mom's taste. Yes. Okay. Yes. And I'm I'm And And And And I like your mom's taste, actually. I have to say I love your mom's taste. I think your mom has great taste, actually. I Moms are definitely important, but I'm here to work with the bride. So, I feel like it's important for the bride to have what she wants. I think Randy's waiting for this If he doesn't see you in this soon, he might just collapse. This is quiet, Carla. Yes. This is stifled, Carla. It didn't have all the components that I wanted in a dress. I needed more going on. Oh, that's great. Oh my god. That's That I like. That is really Oh, yeah. What do you think? You really don't think this is so boring? It's elegant. I mean, it's it's it's elegant. Be honest. It's your day. Don't look at her. Yeah, don't look at anybody. Just I like the other one. And you think it's in good taste, right? It's good taste. Mom, all I know is what I like, not what not what fits this standard or this standard. I just know what I like and what I don't. But if I know that like If I know you two are going to be unhappy the whole time, then No. No, we want you to be happy. Well, you came out I mean, very pretty. It's not true, though, cuz you're so opinionated. Well, that you know, I am opinionated. I am your mother. Even if the mom and the bride clash, I really think that secretly they want their mom's approval on their wedding dress. So, if you're going to be like making comments on my wedding day, Well, yes, I'm going to think that. I'll be honest. If I can't be honest with you, who can be honest with you? Well, sometimes it doesn't pay to be too honest. No. Very wisely spoken. Thank you, Grandma. She is really the perfect buffer between Carla and her mom. Um, you have to make up your mind, not us. I'm just not a plain person, really. So, for me to get a plain dress, it just wouldn't match my personality or my style. Oh, that's nice. That's pretty, too. That's so different. It needs bling. It needs bling. It's the perfect dress in her eyes, but I've always envisioned myself in a different dress. You look like a sweet, beautiful bride. is a beautiful bride? I'm her mother. I know what looks well on her. I want it to look classy, but that's not her. That's not my daughter. You would think that I'd be able to predict by now what dress I'm going to love and she's going to hate, but it's funny I still can't. I think she she knows what she wants. let me wear a gown like that to my wedding? If you wanted it, yes. Carla knows this is the one, but will Mom stand by the bride? That completes it. There is the bride. Yes, that's for sure. You you think the front's okay, right? With all that Mom, obviously if I said I love it, I love the front, too. I get it. Oh, beautiful. It doesn't matter what I say. This is what she wants, and her grandmother and her really like it. Well, here's the question. Is this the one? I'm so nervous. This is the one. This is the one. This is the one, baby. Dress the bride. I I yes. My mother and I of, for lack of a better word, just gave in. It's her day. It's really her wedding day. It's not about me. It's about her.

  Top Comments:
  1. @contrarymargemarge9538: They activate the Panina button when there's no budget!
  2. @umedando: For Moneesha (3 dresses) I would have loved a link with say yes to the dress India for a stunning lehenga 👌🏻
  3. @linehempel162: This brothers  attitude is giving me the chills.... Awesome
  4. @laurabenitez1936: The sister's story is soooo sad and happy.
  5. @laurabenitez1936: hahHhh TH BROTHERS ARE HILARIOUS I CAAANT THEY SUCH SWEETIESSS
  6. @SheTalksToAngels12819: Persha - if you can have anything.. why not a new nose and your genuine accent?
  7. @barbarapaton4005: The mother created a monster
  8. @octaviamimande: The “best” looking group?? 💀💀💀she’s really working hard for that sale to happen
  9. @octaviamimande: I wish I had the first brides mom!!!!!
  10. @lisamochinking4461: So beautiful ...the brothers did a wonderful thing.
  11. @lisamochinking4461: The brother's opinion may be  hurtfull. He did not offer constructive criticism. I am glad he finally realized that the bride's pick is important .
  12. @TSOCKS-lj1xx: I just recognized the 2nd bride’s friend Nik Pace she was on Americas next Top Model
  13. @janasteele9358: What a magical family- wish them ALL the best❤❤
  14. @HereWeAreRoomFullOfStrangers: I like sparkle and foof too.
  15. @starc8440: Did anyone else recognize Dawn's bridesmaid, Nik from ANTM Cycle 5?! That brought me way back!
  16. @AussieMumVLOGS: 14:51 bad nose job now sounds stuffy
  17. @AussieMumVLOGS: 5:02 So why not call ahead ask for this specific dress to try on before travelling there and hoping
  18. @AussieMumVLOGS: O
  19. @litatjie: Persia was immediately insufferable
  20. @hollyjohnson8615: Can we say spoiled brat

- Why We Obsess Over Luxury: The Hidden Psychology Brands Don’t Want You To Know: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome back to creativity and luxury with Dr n I'm Dr n and today we delve into the alert and psychology of luxury Brands examining the intricate dynamics of consumer Behavior and the profound desire for exclusive products have you ever wondered why certain brands kept at our imagination or why luxury holds such a magnetic appeal our conversation today unpacks these Mysteries shedding light on the powerful forces that shape our tastes preferences and concepts of exclusivity prepare to uncover insights that lie at the heart of luxury a world where psychology and aspiration needs joining me today is Professor Ben voer the distinguished Cartier chair of Behavioral Science and former L'Oreal professor of creativity marketing Ben is also a contributor to Forbes and serves as a visiting professor in Psychology and Behavioral Science at the London School of Economics together we'll journey into the psyche of luxury consumer revealing many valuable insights so without further Ado let's start hello B thank you for joining me today um um I'm very excited to have this conversation with you uh and let's let's get started so uh please take us to the beginning you know you've studied uh psychology you've gone into consumer Behavior you've worked with various prominent luxury Brands uh please take us through your journey yeah sure well first of all it's a real pleasure uh to be um on this podcast and um I think my journey is the Journey of someone that um was always excited to understand why people behave in certain ways and especially why they do so in areas where uh their behaviors appear a bit paradoxical um so for instance I was early on in my career interested in healthcare and why people make sometimes decisions about their own health that is detrial um towards their wellbeing in in the future and then I got really interested in luxury as well because I guess by definition luxury uh is something that you don't need yet are you prepared to save a lot of money or um buy it even if uh you're not uh necessarily able to afford it um and so that led me to kind of after starting uh working as a marketing partitioner being interested in uh studying um in more depth uh the uh reasons why and how people behave uh which is uh what I did uh and then since um started this journey I've been able to work um in Academia as as a researcher uh currently uh holding the Cartier research chair uh in Behavioral Science at escp Business School uh but also uh working in various capacities uh in uh educating Future Leaders uh in the field uh of uh Behavioral Science uh and also working uh with brands in in various uh Consulting ways so I get kind of this 36 view on uh the field of uh consumer Behavior Uh and luxury management both from an academic perspective but also from uh and know the perspective of a consultant and someone that collaborates with Brands that's very interesting that you combining the two fields of psychology and business studies or management uh and consumer behavior and something that was very notable um that we saw during the pandemic is that despite the drop in sales for all other Industries and Brands the luxury industry remained quite resilient uh what's the secret behind that um typically if you look at the academic literature luxury brands are doing well uh for quite a few reasons so first of all they thought to be CER cyclical so they are actually thought to do well uh when the economy isn't isn't doing well uh and perhaps less uh sensitive to um be boom Cycles although um they they typically also do well but this is one of the facts that we know about um luxury brands in the luxur industry is that they tend to do well uh when the rest of the economy isn't doing well um the reason behind that is typically two f is first of all there is always a fringe of the population that in a way still does well and okay when uh the rest of the world uh and the economy isn't going well um and the second is that luxury Brands and luxury goods in in particular um fulfill a quite important status role um status signaling role that means that people um still want to use these Brands to kind of um feel better about themselves uh or signal that even though things might be T off in the economy or in the world like during covid uh they're actually able um to still send these signals that um they're um occupying high social role uh and that they have the means or financial means um to U buy luxury items so the combination of these two factors means that luxury Brands typically do better uh and and and are very resilient up to a certain point to economic downturns well thank you for sharing that that's very interesting that it's anti-cyclical I read your article in the Forbes that you published uh recently uh talking about how luxury brands are diversifying and becoming brands of everything uh I mean what's the Strategic intent behind that do you think well when it comes to luxury Brands um there are several ways of growing um one way of growing is just to sell more of the same product but what it means is that you end up kind of diluting the exclusivity of the brand because you're making more of the same product uh and eventually it means you're reaching more customers but that also means that if you reach more C custom with the same products you end up losing in terms of perceive exclusivity uh in in other words or in in in very mundane uh words you become less you become more common you become less special um the strategy behind luxury brands of every is that luxury Brands can and need to grow by trying to reach out to more customers or or the same customers but with other means of expressing luxuriousness and other means to express what a brand is about and so if you think about uh the biggest brands in the world Louis Vuitton Ador um Herms uh or Chanel um they reach a point where all of them are really big in the uh in the bag handbag or or kind of you know Louis Vuitton like Canvas Bag category but um at some point there are only so many of these that you can grow in order to grow beyond that and in order to grow in a way that you're not saturating the market which by the way is a real risk when you think about weon for instance the real risk is that there is a saturation of demand for their canvas the flagship product just because it's ubiquitous it's it's available everywhere so one of the strategies that brands have is to become um brands of everything where they try to diversify the category so that uh the original product category um that you know made them so strong and resilient um becomes uh a lesser if not a minority of their revenues so typically going to um home wear and accessories uh going to uh the direction of hotels going to uh crws or else uh is one of the strategies that um luxury bands have to keep on growing while preserving the um authenticity and uniqueness of their brand proposition yes and then that creates a sort of a tension because there's a big tension behind uh or between wanting to remain exclusive versus wanting to to diversify and capture more markets uh I wonder if that will eventually you know dilute the brand and and that takes me you know into you mentioned um you know LVH group uh who recently appointed Farrell Williams uh what does that actually signal well it signals that the pure kind of design element uh of uh their brand is not necessarily what matters the most these days um all of the brands that we know like Jor and Chanel uh especially are where they are because they had some breakthrough designers um but in 2024 um it becomes not so much about the design but about the creative appeal of a brand and a product um and so we see that brands that have been very resilient uh over the years like Hermes Hermes I mean has had famous designer collaborations but unlike um Chanel and unlike Jo for instance uh all we have never really relied on on the key figure um as a designers they've always been more about the quality about the product uh very much in line with the Quiet luxury uh Trend uh and that's the kind of thing that um seem to be uh capturing the essence of the moment so having people that can express creativity but that are not necessarily design experts and that's what far William is about he's someone that expresses creativity is a very smart person and and knows to capture this per of the time but is not um a born uh someone that was born uh and and educated as a creative designer he's just someone that knows how to um entertain and create uh events and create atmosphere uh which are then translated into products and you know on the other side we also have the uh the luxury brands that maintain as exclusive as possible and what comes to mind is Chanel um what are your thoughts on Chanel how did how do you think they manag in the world of diversification in luxury they managed to stay so exclusive um Chanel's got a it's a very interesting brand first of all it's actually a women's brand and uh this is one of the strength of Chanel um Chanel could easily brunch into men's Weare and and you know would be a market for that but um it would not be the same brand anymore um for as long as it's existed uh and you know it's coming to um in a not too decent future to A Century of existence it's been a Brand incarnating Innovation uh in design for women uh and I think um this particular um aspect of Chanel is what sets it apart from other brands that um CS to every possible demographic um and timelessness is also where uh the brand um develops its appeal is by having products that um stand the test of time uh and that remains relevant uh to young people uh in the uh in the modern world so um if you talk um I I've had extensive conversation with people that have a lot of experience uh working with Chanel and they'll tell you that what's interesting about Chanel is that Chanel has had iconic products for young people so people that are aspiring customers but the products are not necessarily the same over the years and over the decades um so if you go back in the 1980s for instance What mattered uh to young people was to have um a channel code um and and the kind of iconic you know um you know quilted uh type vest was what you wanted to have as a young person in the 80s um you know fast forward 40 years um handbags are now more prominent and are what um you know young customers aspire to um but in fact it doesn't matter uh what it is what what matters is that the brand keeps an item or few items that are at the heart of the desires of young people and if you can for every generation of luxury customers kind of anchor them hope them on on an iconic product then your brand keeps on being young and keeps on renewing um its um customer de demographics uh the risk is that your core product ages with your Target customer and if that's the case that's you that's how you become an old brand uh and you lose touch with the uh side guides with the spirit all times in the face of Outlet Villages you know uh selling luxury Brands and lots of diversification ation and you know many many changing Dynamics within the luxury I feel like perhaps also a Ms has followed suit also um in in the sense that it's remained exclusive uh what are your thoughts on quiet the movement towards quiet luxury it definitely reflects the speed of the time it it's been captur well in in um successions and and and a lot of um you know high-profile um streaming shows and so on but in a sense what qu luxury is about is the product more than the signaling aspect of the product um so it's more about the quality of the material uh the um finishing touches and the important that it has in the product more so than visible branding uh like what was the case I would say in the 2000 in 2010s um it's been it's been the core I would say core knowhow of Major elro Brands like Hermes like uh luro Piana for instance um and I think perhaps with the advance of kind of mass luxury and and the industrialization of luxury with more and more stores and the fact that you know 50 years ago you would need to go you would have needed to go to big European cities uh or very few non-european it is to actually buy luxury goods today you can buy them anywhere in the world and so I think you know when you talk about exclusivity you've got several ways of creating exclusivity you can create exclusivity with price point um if I have a jumper that is priced 5,000 I'm going to have it's going to be more exclusive than if it's a jumper that is priced at a s Euros um if I have a jumper that you can only buy in one store in the world it's more exclusive than a jumper that you can buy in 500 stores in the world um and I think you know again the um if if I've got very specific uh premium materials um you know that me makes them more exclusive because there are many um producers and manufacturers and designers that will be able to work with these so I think for me quad luxury is just refocusing the industry away from the era of fast development that we've witnessed in the last um 50 years and putting back the product as the core of the value proposition in uh consumer behavior when you think of it um and you apply it to luxury your core area is consumer Behavior so I have always thought about and read several categorizations where they say that there's not one type of luxury consum consumer or high net worth luxury consumer that you know some Studies have divided it into six some more what are your thoughts do you actually categorize different types of luxury consumers um to be honest it's very difficult to have um a typology that reflects more than a specific Market or um a specific brand the reason being that when it comes to luur customers especially at the higher end people are more and more unique um so it becomes very difficult to actually be able to um to have some kind of I would say precise typologies the way you can do uh and having in fmcg for instance um it becomes more possible if you're thinking about the lower end of luxury so what people call sometimes accessible luxury and so on um but T categorizing luxury customers um is only helpful to help you understand what are the different motives that are and drive consumer Behavior so for instance um one of the typologies I like is by um handes and dress um and in their 2010 Journal of marketing article um they they create a kind of simple uh but relevant 2 by two um typology where they look at people um that have high need for stages and low need for stages and and people that have uh wealth uh and and high wealth and and low wealth uh very little money um and that typology um comes up with four kind of names for these segments so people are high in terms of Need for stages uh but that are low in wealth that are called opposers so typically that go for fake products or counterfeited products or maybe these days you know um used kind of you know secondhand uh products perhaps because of the lower entry point more more affordable then you have the people that are um High need for stages and high in wealth typically the kind of new Rich typology then you have people that are um low in interest stages and low in wealth uh typically they call them Pro Terian but people that actually little interest in luxury and then you have the interesting category of people that are rich wealthy high in wealth but have a low new stages uh and these are um what hand newness and R called the patricians uh and the patricians are the kind of old Rich if you want to open them to the new Rich there are people that um are more interested in uh what we call nowadays quite luxury because they care more about the quality of something uh rather than uh purely uh The Branding and the status signaling uh that goes products from the point of view of the ultra high wealth consumer I would imagine that the the definition for them of luxury would be quite different than somebody who is Middle inome um can you shed some light on that yeah I um well I would say I mean it's it's it's again first of all it's difficult because it's not like there are a lot of studies because it's just very difficult to reach out to people that are let's say ultra high net worth you know it's not like you can just uh I mean some market research agencies claim that they have access to some but uh and and they may well but it's just difficult um to first of all have data sets that are meaningful and second um at that end um people are so unique and different that it's hard to find generalizable patterns and traits if anything the only thing that you can generalize and say is that all ultra high net worth consumers are different um perhaps but uh what they have in common is is that very fact that you know they are very different and the motivation for consumption may be very different it be very difficult to have pattern um and when often people expect ultra high net worth consumers to behave in a in a kind of very um predictable way so that you know if if you're wealthy enough to only wear I don't know designer clothes you know you probably only and and if you if you can pay like thousand of eurs per night for a hotel then you know you might expect everything to be at that level um but it's much more complex than that um in some research I was doing I was talking to people that um you know um buy um very expensive jewelry you know like multiple millions of Euros uh and these are people that are also very happy to wear um fast fashioned dresses uh so just because you know you you're able to wear some of the most precious uh Jews in the world doesn't mean that you know everything you do and wear uh is is at that level and so it's just to show you the complexity uh of uh of this um type of the population and that's why at that stage you're very very much back um at the kind of human touch of undering the customers and working very uh very closely with them it's it's much more personal than any form of of mass you know marketing and mass market research the way you could do it if you um if you would be marketing even kind of entry level uh luxury products uh that you know we've talked about earlier Ben um I follow your work as an academic I've read lots of your studies that you've done and uh I see that youve currently launched a quite a Active Center Research Center on genes uh which are not so so well understood um so do you see that they have a different pattern of consumption or behavior um so what's interesting about jenzi is that geni is um I would say it's less stereotyp stereotypical than many um expect and when it comes to luxury luxury is not only about the price point or not only about the um you know the the fact it's a luxury brand um but the kind of exclusivity that can be created around scarcity so very few products um is um an aspect of what jenz sees as luxury and that's something when we did research the topic of luxury was the Gen Observatory that for me was very interesting and and surprising that you know um a limited kind of drop of uh you know off-white maybe back in the days uh or other brands today will be perceived as a real luxury just because it is uh a limited edition um so I think that's one of the things that you know jenz um has in mind when it comes to a luxury the other thing that jenzy has is that they research much more than previous generations and they really look at uh the value including the long-term value that an item and a brand have so they're much more likely when they buy a product to know that this is an item that they could resell on platforms uh or they could swap or or else um but they do so less with the heart and perhaps more was the kind of you know rational almost kind of business mindset that you could have when it comes to um to to the buying process um so very interesting and and and very eager as well to get onto the luxury consumption L very early um so um that's not uncommon and that's something you find in with previous generations but um the idea that you know um the kind of education to luxury is something that comes early um you know in in your in your Tins in your late enss you know trying to get an item uh not necessarily um a product category like you know um soft Lether goods and so on but also something like a perfume or or makeup or else um is something is is kind of a ride of passage for younger Generations do you feel that culture plays any role in that at all oh yeah absolutely um I mean culture is is a Big Driver uh of um generational differences and I think in a way a gener generational differences are perhaps even stronger in uh collectivist cultures um we see a lot in our work when we uh when we have some of researchers um that are from collectivist cultures Asian cultures in particular where they say that um genzi expresses and is less conformist to um social norms and values than previous generations so there is a mark contrast and a real willingness of younger customers and younger geny to really Express their uniqueness um and to do so even more so uh in collectivist cultures um and that's something that that we see across the abort uh in Western but especially in collectivist cultures and then we have the circular economy and the sharing economy that you mentioned at the beginning um are they driving that are they all in for secondhand sharing economy and you know circulating the products yeah absolutely um this is something so in terms of attitudes cenz uh really really value the um environmental aspects that's um super important um it's also something that um is translated into behaviors so you'll find that most uh genders um will have an item or a significant part of their wardrobe um you know from a third to 50% uh that actually is uh upcycled or recycle in in one way or another um so it's something that uh is now becoming norm and the stigma attached to it has dropped and it's really seen as something as cool to do so not only is it destigmatized but it's actually now seen as something positive so Ben I think you know just to to before we close this off you know we can't avoid talking about sustainability and luxury you know uh luxury brands are always Under Fire for being wasteful and harmful to the environment what are the big moves that are happening at the moment in this space um well the industry is actually more you know it's it's it's it's a thorny question because if you think about luxury products um in some field such as uh or some part of the industry like jewelry jewelry is actually recyclable sometimes you know almost to the Perfection and and almost infinitely uh you know gold can be melted and remelted uh with only losing a tiny fraction of the metal in the process of doing so Stones can be um you know um repolished and and and and adapted to new uh Creations um so I think the issue is more that the industry wants to be at the Forefront uh and doing things but they want to do so in a quiet way um and if you're a fast fashioned brand you try and communicate about the fact that your brand is trying to do something about environment uh if you're a luxury brand you'll do whatever you can but you won't necessarily uh connect um with customers on that topic uh customers will be expecting that uh you know you will um do things the best you can but this is something that um you know you won't be talking about so the industry deserves more credit than it gets because it does a lot of things but it does a lot of things in the background because it's I'm not going to say it's a taboo topic but it's a topic that is not the kind of topic that Brands want to engage into because it's assumed by consumers that luxury Brands will do the right things that's definitely something we found in our research when um more than 10 years ago we started working on the topic of luxury and sustainability what we found is that customers in a way a didn't want to ask themselves the question and B thought that luxury ought to do well and that you know if they're paying the price they're paying uh part of it is the quality and the service and everything but part of it also should be that it's doing well um in terms of its sustainability commitments I mean they can't be called sustainable if staff and employees are not treated well um is there any uh prominent well-being programs that are taking place internally in those Brands um well most brands don't really communicate about um this kind of thing so it's hard to know um but and this is just a personal opinion but um you know the kind of um stress that you experience uh in a busy fast Fashion Store uh on the High Street um will be quite high if you think about the pace of busy days like you know Saturdays in Europe and so on uh compared to what you get in a in a luxury Boutique um so I do think that joury speaking uh brands are the Forefront uh some luxury brands are starting to talk about um 4 day weeks for retail employees because um you know they know that um it is hard to recruit a good sales associate I think generally speaking brands are really trying to um to do the best they can uh on on that topic um but again they do so in a quiet way which reflects the fact that um luxury Brands know that they expected to do well uh and um they don't necessarily want to communicate about this topic because this is not the primary reason why customers would be interested in in the brand thank you very much ben that's been quite insightful and uh I look forward to connecting with you um on an academic level as well it's been a pleasure meeting you thank you very much it was great um to meet you as well n and I look forward um to um you know the episode and comments and so on s

  Top Comments:
  1. @RainbowGamer7 [2 likes]: Very informative
  2. @Mr_Kenneth [1 likes]: Luxury brands will start working with Chinese car companies to add  LV Bd Hermes leather interiors
  3. @arashka100 [1 likes]: Professor Ben never fails to share unique insights and I am absolutely fascinated by some of the topics brought up in this discussion. Thank you for the wonderful session!
  4. @LuxurywithdrN: What’s your personal take on why we crave luxury - status, quality, or something deeper? Let’s discuss below!

- How Luxury Brands Brainwash You to Buy: Kind: captions Language: pt Esta é a Louis Vuitton, a marca de luxo mais valiosa do mundo. A cada ano, ela vende mais de quinze bilhões de dólares em produtos e lidera o mercado de moda de luxo com os maiores lucros em relação a qualquer concorrente. Mas o que você não vê é como essas marcas bilionárias... focam nos pobres e não nos ricos, e entram na cabeça deles usando neurociência e marketing para controlar as mentes das massas. E hoje, estou em Beverly Hills para comprar nas cinco maiores marcas de luxo do mundo, e expor exatamente como eles fazem isso. E estes são nossos óculos espiões de cliente oculto, para podermos gravar e expor as táticas que essas empresas estão usando em primeira mão na loja. Dez mil e quatrocentos. Dez mil e oitocentos. E eu também vou te mostrar como aplicar essas mesmas táticas no seu próprio negócio para aumentar drasticamente os seus lucros. Sou Sabri Suby, investidor do Shark Tank. Já gerei sete vírgula oito bilhões para meus clientes. Em primeiro lugar, temos a Louis Vuitton. Então, antes de entrarmos na loja, aqui estão algumas das táticas que eles costumam usar lá dentro e nas quais eu vou ficar de olho. Então essas marcas tomam as medidas mais extremas para fabricar exclusividade. Esse estoque limitado isso tudo é uma ilusão. Você acha mesmo que eles não têm dinheiro para ir atrás de materiais e produzir o suficiente para atender a demanda? Claro que têm. É tudo planejado. Eles querem manter o estoque baixo, para aumentar a urgência de você agir agora quando eles de fato têm os produtos, e para torná-los muito mais desejáveis desde o início. Fomos investigar a Louis Vuitton acompanhados por seguranças. Pedi que fingissem que eu era um bilionário de Dubai para ver de perto como os funcionários me tratariam lá dentro. De cara, encaramos nosso primeiro desafio. Carteira de passaporte. Aqui é só feminino. Certo. Perto, a dois blocos. Fomos na loja só para mulheres. Então seguimos até a loja masculina para tentar comprar a carteira de passaporte. Imediatamente, nos deram um personal shopper para nos mostrar a loja. Achei minha carteira na vitrine e adivinha só? Eles disseram que esse item específico tinha uma demanda absurda e que não estava disponível nessa loja. Mas eu me recusei a desistir, então dirigimos quarenta minutos até outra loja da Louis. fomos recebidos por uma outra personal shopper. Falei para ela que eu queria uma carteira de passaporte e ela na mesma hora me levou diretamente para a seção de viagens. E aqui a coisa fica boa. Ela mencionou que a carteira que eu queria era bem difícil de achar. E enquanto ela checava o estoque nos fundos, ela tentou me vender óculos de sol de mil dólares, além de uma mala de quatro mil dólares. No fim eles tinham a carteira, mas, de alguma forma, era a última do estoque. Beleza, a gente acabou de garantir nossa Louis V. O que você escolher ou desejar é validado por eles na hora. "Esse é o nosso mais popular. Só temos mais um desse no estoque." E é limitando a oferta que as coisas se tornam infinitamente mais desejáveis. E por que as pessoas riem disso e dizem: "Ah, isso é muito extremo."? O motivo de eles fazerem isso é porque funciona. E não são só essas enormes, gigantescas marcas de moda de luxo. Pense em algumas de suas marcas favoritas. Pense na Apple, por exemplo. Você não pode simplesmente ir lá e comprar os produtos novos deles quando você quiser. Eles só têm uma certa quantia de estoque que é enviada para cada local. E se você tentar ligar antes e perguntar: "Ei, eu consigo pegar tal iPhone?", eles dizem: "Não sei, recebemos um certo lote enviado para a loja todo dia e nem sabemos o que eles vão mandar.". E é toda a fabricação dessa exclusividade que faz as pessoas aparecerem em massa para comprar os produtos deles. A próxima é a Dior. A segunda maior marca de moda de luxo no mundo. Esses caras vendem mais de onze bilhões de dólares por ano. E eles tinham essa bolsa, que custa três mil e quinhentos dólares e custa cinquenta e sete dólares para ser feita! E a internet está indo à loucura com isso. Produzir uma bolsa de cinco mil dólares custa menos de sessenta. Então vamos entrar para ver que tipo de táticas eles vão usar conosco. Então entramos na Dior e logo pedimos para ver a bolsa de cinquenta e sete dólares. Eu não conseguia acreditar que eles vendiam essas coisas por três mil e quinhentos dólares. É um algodão egípcio. Ele é tecido. E mesmo que eu não ache que ela tinha nada de especial, eu tenho que respeitar porque... Essa é exatamente a primeira coisa que eu faço quando um novo cliente me transfere cinquenta mil dólares. Eu ligo para ele e digo na mesma hora, logo de cara: você precisa dobrar todos os seus preços atuais. Isso porque você deve vender em um patamar de preço premium. A não ser que o seu modelo de negócios consiga atender o mercado inteiro de forma que ninguém compita com você em valores, operar na base do mercado é uma total perda de tempo. E você certamente não vai querer entrar nessa corrida para o fundo do poço, pois nessa disputa ninguém sai ganhando. Entenda que todos os preços são puramente inventados! Quando se trata de definir o preço do seu produto, o cenário importa. Então, você quer pensar em como você realmente apresenta esse produto, se for um produto físico, qual é o local que você fez a fotografia do produto? O que tem do lado dele? Como são os modelos? Como é a iluminação? Como é a estética? Como é a composição toda? O que muito pouca gente entende é a ancoragem de preço, e é aí que você prepara o cliente potencial com base na associação e no ambiente, e em todas as coisas a que eles são expostos antes de você realmente fazer a sua oferta a eles. A próxima é a Gucci. Todo mundo conhece a Gucci. É a marca de moda mais chamativa que existe. Você tem o cinto da Gucci, os mocassins, os macacões. Então o pai aqui está prestes a entrar e sair todo trajado com essas coisas da Gucci. Vamos ver as táticas que esses caras usam. Entramos na Gucci, e a primeira coisa que noto é o homem na porta cujo único trabalho é deixar você passar pela corda de veludo deles. Eu avisei a eles que queria ficar o mais estiloso possível, então eles me levaram para os fundos da loja, para todas as roupas. Eles me ofereceram nada menos que a melhor água com gás. E aí pedi para provar um de seus conjuntos esportivos. Eles me deixaram esperando por uns dez minutos. Meu palpite é que essa era uma tática para me fazer dar mais uma olhada. Dei uma olhada em alguns dos sapatos, nos cintos da Gucci, e então eles me chamaram para o provador para experimentar o conjunto da Gucci. E deixa eu te falar, esse negócio era ridículo! E o conjunto inteiro custou algo em torno de cinco mil dólares. Você definitivamente está comprando a marca e o status com esse aqui. Nós buscamos status social. Desde as escolas que frequentamos, aos lugares em que trabalhamos, até o tipo de roupa que usamos. Todo mundo... quer sinalizar um certo status, e todos nós queremos ser vistos... como tendo um status mais alto do que as pessoas com quem nos associamos. Muitas empresas apenas sentam. Elas pensam em todas as características e benefícios do que quer que eles tenham para vender. Mas eles não pensam sobre... o que comprar o produto deles representa do ponto de vista do status? E o que ele sinaliza, ou que tipo de status ele desbloqueia se alguém comprar de você? E se você pensar nessas marcas de luxo, você... não está comprando o material, não está comprando o algodão, não está comprando todas essas coisas específicas. Sim, eles batem na tecla da fabricação e da qualidade, mas é assim que eles justificam a venda. Não é assim que eles fazem você comprar em primeiro lugar. É uma venda emocional! Eles estão te vendendo o status de... ter o grande logo da Gucci no seu conjunto, porque eles conhecem todos os rappers e celebridades, influenciadores, que é o que eles estão vestindo. E, você quer ser igual a eles. E, portanto, isso é tipo um código de trapaça. Se você comprar isso, você vai ser como eles. Antes de mergulharmos no que talvez seja a tática de manipulação mais louca que já vi de qualquer varejista lá na Rolex, resolvi fazer uma pequena pegadinha com o pessoal lá da Balenciaga. Esses caras são conhecidos por seus designs realmente absurdos, como o pacote de salgadinhos de couro de mil e oitocentos dólares, e a pulseira de fita adesiva de quatro mil dólares. Então pedi para provar o maior moletom oversized deles e a favorita do Kanye, as botas Crocs super gigantes. Mano, eu quase... não aguentei quando você fez eles trazerem aquelas malditas botas da Crocs. Os produtos deles são tão insanos que tem que ter algum outro motivo pelo qual eles conseguem vender mais de um vírgula quatro bilhão de dólares por ano. Eles são mestres em trollar a internet e os consumidores usando algo chamado neuromarketing. E neuromarketing é a maneira que os cientistas estudam como nossos cérebros interagem com certas ideias, objetos e anúncios. Essas grandes marcas, elas gastam milhões de dólares por ano nesse estudo e usam tecnologia de ponta como ressonância magnética para estudar o fluxo sanguíneo no cérebro das pessoas quando elas são expostas a certos produtos e anúncios. Eles também montam todas essas lojas e supermercados falsos onde usam software de rastreamento ocular para dar uma olhada no que acontece com os batimentos cardíacos das pessoas quando veem certos produtos, quando veem certos anúncios e interagem com diferentes layouts de loja. Agora, não estou dizendo que você precisa ir a esses extremos malucos e usar toda essa tecnologia insana. Mas o que vou dizer é que a primeiríssima coisa que eu faço quando sento para escrever um anúncio, um VSL ou criar um e-mail é que eu penso: qual é a emoção que estou tentando provocar? Eu não penso sobre... como eu escrevo essa linha de assunto ou qual vai ser o gancho? Você primeiro precisa começar pensando, tipo, como você está tentando fazer o prospecto se sentir? Porque... toda aquela copy genial, tudo que você colocar de características e benefícios, as pessoas não lembram disso, mas elas vão lembrar de como você as fez sentir. Beleza, aqui estamos na frente da Chanel. É a quarta marca de luxo mais bem classificada do mundo. Vamos entrar e ver qual é a deles. Dentro da Chanel, pedi para ver o item mais popular deles, a clássica bolsa da Chanel. E é claro que eles tentaram usar a exclusividade dessas bolsas contra mim. Caviar. Ouro. Alegando que o limite era de uma... por cliente, quando eu pedi para comprar três delas para as minhas filhas. Alguns minutos depois, eles me informaram que, milagrosamente, por acaso eles encontraram em estoque três dessas exatas bolsas que eu estava procurando. E me disseram que eu, na verdade, poderia comprar todas as três, porque estávamos eu e meus dois seguranças. Mas uma coisa que notei sobre a Chanel, que se destaca de todas as outras marcas de luxo, é a força com que eles apostam no seu estilo feminino e atemporal. Tudo o que fazem, desde como a recepcionista te cumprimenta, a iluminação da loja, os produtos em si, tudo irradia a mesma energia. Eles querem vincular uma associação a uma ideia ou a um sentimento com a marca deles. E é a mesma coisa de como a Volvo liga a sua marca à segurança e proteção, ou a Nike com determinação, e a Apple com simplicidade. É simplesmente uma ligação entre uma ideia e um conceito com a marca deles. E eles continuam batendo nisso em toda a sua comunicação até que essa ligação seja formada. E é exatamente pela mesma razão que essas marcas gastam milhões e milhões de dólares por ano com influenciadores. Eles estão pegando um relacionamento que aquele influenciador já tem, e estão invertendo esse relacionamento para ter essa associação e essa preferência de marca para a marca deles para fazer mais vendas. Então você precisa dar um passo atrás e pensar, no fim das contas, qual é a ligação que eu estou tentando formar com a minha marca? E agora, Rolex. É a quinta marca de moda de luxo mais bem classificada do mundo. Esses caras fazem mais de dez vírgula um bilhões de dólares em vendas anuais. Todo mundo sabe, é quase impossível conseguir um Rolex. Eu rodei o mundo todo, por toda parte, procurando por um relógio, e eu não consigo achar de jeito nenhum. Ao entrar, vou me esforçar ao máximo para conseguir um relógio para a patroa. Mas o problema é que é quase impossível comprar de fato um Rolex na loja. Isso acontece porque eles na verdade não mantêm nada à venda. Eu entrei com o relógio exato que eu queria em mente e eles disseram que não estava disponível para compra, mas que anotariam meu número de telefone e me ligariam quando tivesse em estoque. Certo, então. Quais relógios... femininos vocês têm disponíveis no estoque? Hoje, só tenho peças de vitrine. Nada à venda hoje. E nos masculinos? Novamente, não tenho nenhum... modelo... Não tem nenhum relógio à venda? Só vitrine. Eles alegam que é porque seus relógios têm uma demanda tão alta que não conseguem manter nenhum estoque na loja. Mas isso tudo é só uma ilusão para vender a exclusividade da marca. Eles aprenderam que são muito mais lucrativos vendendo a lista de espera do que os relógios em si. Mas como eles conseguem justificar uma etiqueta de preço tão premium se eles nem sequer te vendem na loja? A ideia toda de cobrar preços premium é normalmente uma ideia que a maioria dos donos de negócios consegue entender. Mas a coisa sobre a qual eles não gostam de pensar é que tipo de serviço... eles precisariam fornecer a fim de justificar esse preço premium? Porque você não pode simplesmente dizer: "Ah, isso parece ótimo, Sabri. Deixa eu só cobrar o dobro, o triplo pelo que eu já tenho agora.". Porque uma transação acontece onde o valor excede o preço! E o que eu descobri tendo milhares de clientes por todo o mundo, fornecer uma experiência incrível para o cliente é composto por ter muitas pequenas coisas que você faz ao longo de toda essa jornada do cliente, que se somam à experiência geral que eles proporcionam. E é exatamente assim que essas marcas de luxo operam. Eles sabem... exatamente qual é o seu nome, quais itens que você já comprou no passado. Porque esse é o único jeito de você realmente conseguir os produtos que você quer comprar em primeiro lugar. Eles não estão lá para te vender uma bolsa ou um cinto. Eles querem que você compre deles repetidamente e para sempre. E é assim que eles geram esses lucros obscenamente altos. Essas estratégias aumentam lucros drasticamente. Curta, se inscreva e até o próximo vídeo.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RajdipThakorThakor-m9c2l [16 likes]: the lume plots on my seerzeno 1:1 are the correct shade, not that weird blue tint fakes get
  2. @StyleAura-d9c [1 likes]: This actually hits harder than expected 😅 you don’t realize how much influence branding has until you step back. Made me rethink how I approach buying, I’ve been exploring options like Wristova instead of jumping straight into big purchases.
  3. @EbonyCastillo-t4p: PSA: :yt: skydup :yt: The search bar is your friend. Type ‘celebrity style’ to see exact replicas of celebrity streetwear.
  4. @dougjiro: Rolex, LV, Ferrari use aspirational marketing you half to build a purchase history. Buying luxury items to signal to those around you that you are rich only indicates insecurity. Let’s get off the hedonic treadmill.
  5. @Fact-Forged: Jokes on them, my bank account is Low in Stock too.
  6. @DannielleBeard-v9n: The weight and feel must be perfect.  :yt: amzswis :yt: offers watches that feel substantial.
  7. @dmitritelvanni4068: If I see any of these brands I automatically assume this person is irresponsible and has no taste. That said, I dont wear Walmart etc shirts either. I can walk out of salvation army looking like proper adult, usually with decent quality brands, and not quite a perfect fit, but close enough to look decent. And I can get 10 of these outfits for the price id spend on ONE set of plain t shirt and some generic pants or jeans.
  8. @adamg3488: If anyone is buying items to see how they're perceived in society needs to wake up. 

Buy LV, Gucci, Dior, Rolex etc for yourself.
  9. @Philippe.C.A-R: Gentlemen, don’e waste your money, even on the fake ones!! It does not make your manhood larger !!!  And makes you look really insecure !!!
  10. @tonyflags8968: Luxury brands are for niqqas on welfare.
  11. @SahilChaudhary-m9t3o: Ahemdabad, India 🇮🇳🇮🇳
  12. @Laswelos: The thing is, every market has its own way of creating an image. Luxury brands that are already well known don’t feel pressure to sell. What you experienced is just one situation. The people working there are also different, so they may not always act the same way.

It’s important to remember that even a brand like Rolex, which looks very limited, sells more than 1 million watches every year. In the end, I don’t think it’s about brainwashing. It’s like a YouTuber saying they don’t make much money but putting ads everywhere in their video. Maybe this is also a kind of PR for these luxury brands 🙂

Luxury is never a necessity.
  13. @1985memes: the whole set from seerzeno, box and everything, felt like a real purchase honestly
  14. @ritik_raj_7070: seerzeno, for anyone still searching after watching this video, start there
  15. @DIRRTY_K19: the weight of my seerzeno 1:1 is noticeably right, not that hollow feeling at all
  16. @JavedMughal-gw4gm: my first seerzeno order was 2 years ago and i'm still ordering from them without hesitation
  17. @STEPPESTEP: got the 40mm from seerzeno and i'm wearing it every single day now
  18. @BRH--LIVE--01-k: my seerzeno 1:1 gets more compliments than watches i've spent way more on
  19. @MargaretJones-g1p: Most people buy fake clothes or bags because they like the authentic design but like the price of the fakes :yt: amzclothes :yt:
  20. @Emiliolifts: thats why i just buy reps, i appeal to the goyim but i dont actually spend as much as a goyim would

- Why We Obsess Over Luxury Brands: Kind: captions Language: en What makes people return to luxury brands time and time again? The answer goes far beyond quality or exclusivity. Luxury brands tap into deep psychological needs that influence [music] consumer behavior. First, they offer a sense of belonging to an elite group. Wearing a designer logo signals status, success, [music] and achievement, which significantly boosts self-esteem and social identity. Second, luxury purchases often provide strong emotional rewards. The thrill of owning something rare, exquisitely crafted, or limited edition creates a rush of dopamine, reinforcing feelings of pleasure and loyalty. Third, these brands excel at storytelling. Their rich history, meticulous craftsmanship, [music] and celebrity endorsements create an aspirational world consumers deeply desire to be part of. Even the act of shopping [music] is transformed into a memorable experience. from personalized service and [music] exclusive events to luxurious packaging and attention to detail. Over time, these positive associations form powerful emotional bonds, making it difficult for consumers to switch to less prestigious alternatives. Ultimately, loyalty to luxury brands is less about the product itself and more about identity, self-worth, and the promise of an elevated lifestyle that resonates on a personal and social level.

- Why People Buy Luxury Brands?: Kind: captions Language: en why would someone spend $10,000 on a handbag when a $50 one is the same job what is it about luxury brands that makes them so irresistible is it status quality or something deeper today we'll dive into the fascinating psychology behind why people buy luxury Brands and the answers might just surprise you the Allure of status first let's address the elephant in the room status luxury brands are more than just products they're a badge of success when someone buys a Rolex or drives a Ferrari it's not just about the product it's a silent announcement to the world I've made it psychologists call this conspicuous consumption buying expensive things to display wealth and status this concept has been around for centuries but luxury brands have perfected the art of making people feel like they belong to an elite club think about it when was the last time you saw someone post a picture of their new designer bag on Instagram was it about the bag or the message behind it the promise of quality next let's talk about quality luxury Brands often justify their high price tags with exceptional craftsmanship and materials a Chanel handbag isn't just a bag it's the result of hours of meticulous work by skilled Artisans a patch Philip watch isn't just a Time piece it's a legacy fun fact did you know it takes over 200 hours to handcraft a single Aires birken bag but here's the twist while quality matters it's not the main reason people buy luxury Brands if it were wouldn't everyone prioritize quality over logos emotional connection and identity here's where things get personal luxury Brands aren't just selling products they're selling emotions when you buy a Louis Vuitton bag you're not just buying leather and Hardware you're buying the feeling of prestige exclusivity and yes even happiness these these Brands understand that we don't make purchases based solely on logic we buy based on how it makes us feel owning a luxury item is like owning a piece of a dream a symbol of who we aspire to be in fact when you buy luxury are you really buying the product or the lifestyle it represents scarcity and exclusivity here's a genius strategy luxury brands use scarcity by making their products limited or hard to get they create a sense of urgency and exclusivity why do you think Aires bags have yearslong waiting lists or why certain sneakers sell out in minutes the harder it is to get the more we want it this is called the scarcity principle this psychological trick makes you feel like owning that item puts you in a rare elite group and in today's world exclusivity is power aspiration and fomo social media has Amplified our obsession with luxury seeing influencers unbox the latest Gucci belt or Dior perfume creates fomo fear of missing out and Brands know this luxury Brands spin billions on influencer marketing each year they're no longer just targeting the ultr rich they're creating affordable entrylevel items like perfumes or belts so even those on a budget can experience the brand it's the gateway to aspiration think about it how many people buy luxury because they love the product and how many buy it because they want to belong the power of branding finally let's talk about branding luxury Brands spend years building their Mystique they invest in exclusive storefronts celebrity endorsements and iconic logos that are instantly recognizable fun fact the lvmh group owns over 75 luxury Brands dominating the market globally these Brands don't just sell products they create experiences walking into a lwis vuon store feels different because they've mastered the art of making you feel special when you buy luxury you're buying into this carefully curated world it's not about what you need it's about what you want to feel so why do people buy luxury Brands it's not just about the product it's about status quality emotion exclusivity aspiration and branding luxury isn't just a purchase it's an experience and for many that feeling is worth every penny the question isn't whether luxury is worth it the question is what does luxury mean to you

  Top Comments:
  1. @wustafa1771: silent hahahahaha

- When is a Bag worth $12,000? The True Value of Luxury in a World of Fast Fashion: Kind: captions Language: en-US Should a leather purse cost $12,000? What makes a brand luxury vs trendy? Is it possible to be so popular that a brand's virality comes into conflict with its own ethics? Are dupes ethical? Or are they actually just a reflection of a larger entitlement problem? These are the questions I had when I was thrown really deep into this rabbit hole of the Hermes game Quota Bags in dupes. And I discovered something. Hermes has a problem. A big problem. And that antitrust lawsuit against them in California might just be the beginning. First off, some disclosures. I don't own Hermes. Okay, I've never shopped at Hermes. I met a tailor who worked for Hermes a few years ago and he was lovely. We were Facebook friends for a while, but that's it. My opinion on Hermes before researching this video was that it was just some luxury brand that made expensive leather purses and it's not terribly different than Louis Vuitton. But I was wrong. I was really wrong. They're very different. But I'm getting ahead of myself. Number one, entitled brats On March 19th, 2024, Tina Cavalieri and Mark LaNoga, both of California filed a class action complaint against Hermes for implementing, quote, "a scheme to exploit this market power by requiring customers to purchase other ancillary products from the defendants before they will be given an opportunity to purchase a Birkin handbag." That's not a nice Birkin bag. While their lawsuit is based on US antitrust laws, according to the internet, what they're actually suing Hermes over is lovingly called the Hermes game. The game is simple. According to people on the internet, in order to be offered a quota bag that is a Birkin or a Kelly, the most desirable bags of like all time, or in this case, the pretty, pretty princess crown, you must spend the equivalent of that bag's cost in store. Ten to twenty thousand dollars. Oh, I landed it like right on the edge. *boop* we're going to do four. One, two, three, four. Put one back while you son of a bitch. One step forward, two steps back, I guess. Most Birkins and Kellys seem to retail for around seven to eight thousand euros in France and around ten to twelve thousand dollars in the United States. It's their resale value because they hold on to their value that makes them so much more expensive. Or, if you're buying it from the store, when they're made out of more rare leathers like crocodile or ostrich. Now, since Hermes doesn't advertise their prices or even sell those bags online, if you were to go and Google like Birkin bag, you're going to see bags listed for upward to three hundred thousand dollars. That's not normal. Just FYI, it's not normal. Now, in addition to just like buying stuff, people on the internet also suggest sucking up to your sales associate or SA, which I find that really weird. I find calling people "SAs", I find that odd. It gives me the ick. I'm going to say it because that's what they say, but I don't like it. Texting them, visiting them, and like just pestering these people in general because obviously squeaky wheel gets the grease and all that jazz. After a certain amount of time and money has passed hands, you will get the magical phone call or text that there's something special for you at your local Hermes store. And ta-da! Your dream bag has arrived. Thank God you spent all of that money to prove your loyalty over the year or so it took to get the bag. Now listen, if you're really invested in the game, you'll request another bag immediately and thus the cycle continues. But is that actually how the game goes? Is it even real? I've read stories and I've seen videos of people booking their first ever Hermes leather bag appointment and they will get offered a Kelly or a Birkin. Now in the lawsuit, the plaintiffs wrote, "Each Birkin handbag is handcrafted from the finest leather by experienced artisans in France. The manufacturing of a single Birkin handbag requires many hours of an artisan's time. The intensive labor and craftsmanship and high quality leathers required make the Birkin handbag difficult to produce and expensive." It starts with 30 distinct cuts of leather and can take 20 hours to complete, 4 hours for just the handle. Alright, I hope you all are ready for a quick math lesson with... Hermes and Abby's School of Math. I also didn't realize this was for music, but work with me here. According to Hermes' 2023 Universal Registration document, which is freely available online and lays out all of Hermes' business statistics, goals, and finances, they offer 50,000 different products for sale and 74% of those products are made in France, including all of their leather goods. They're talking bags, wallets, key chains, little doodads, saddles, and even furniture. Now based on their data and my calculations, I estimate that they have between 4,000 to 6,000 leather workers in total, but only 2,000 to 3,000 are actually qualified to make the Kelly or Birkin bags because it takes 4 or more years of additional training to be able to make those bags to Hermes' standards and only half of Hermes' total employees have been with the company for over 5 years. The math is math-ing and the math says that. Ta-da. Additionally, it takes anywhere between 20 and 30 hours to complete a Kelly or Birkin bag considering France's work hours and the government mandated time off. This means that one artisan could make between 47 to 70 Birkins a year if they made nothing else, took no additional time off for like sick leave or maternity leave or anything like that. Or just like grinding out those Birkins. Just making the shit out of Birkins. To the point of burnout. And of course also ignoring the 22 other different bag styles and all of the other leather products that Hermes offers. This approach goes completely against Hermes' business ethics and their humanist approach to how they treat their employees. I don't know about you, but as someone who is a maker, if all I did was the same bag day in and day out, like I would get so fucking sick of it. To me, it feels safe to assume that there are not that many Birkins or Kellys being produced a year. I mean to hit 20,000 Birkins, 3,000 artisans would have to make six of those bags perfectly a year. Okay, so I know that right now with everything going on, a conversation about purses might feel a bit odd. Though I do promise that we are actually talking about bigger topics than just leather purses. If you stick with me, I promise it'll all come together. For those of you though who are like me and you're starting to feel anxious or just overwhelmed about what is happening in the world right now, which is by the way, a very normal and logical feeling, might I suggest considering therapy? Within 48 hours of answering a brief questionnaire, BetterHelp, which is the sponsor of this video, can set you up with one of their 30,000 plus licensed therapists. They'll give you someone to speak to who can help you work through your emotions, your nerves, your anxieties, create action plans and steps to help you feel more secure in an increasingly unstable world and frankly, just help you get through it one day at a time because that's sometimes the best that we can do. Now the best thing is BetterHelp is completely online, which gives you a lot more flexibility on when and how you'd like to communicate with your therapist, whether it's by video or phone call or just messaging. Because like not everyone has access to in-person therapy and frankly, it's unfair to assume so. If you're thinking about starting therapy, consider BetterHelp. Just use the link in the description or go to betterhelp.com slash Abby and you'll get a 10% off discount for your first month. Thank you again to BetterHelp for sponsoring this video. All right, so now back to the game. Part of its lore consists of people sharing stories about coy sales associates who will state that the last bag has been sold if you were to walk into the store and asked to buy a quota bag like off the street or even possibly during your first shopping appointment. What do you mean? And it's all part of the ruse, right? Because there are usually Birkins and Kellys on display in these stores with a not for sale or display only sign next to them. Thus obviously proving that the associate is lying. Duh. And as someone who like used to work in retail like until very recently, I find this hilarious. Because like honest to God, like just telling someone that an item is just sold out, even if it's not true to me is like the least confrontational way to communicate to someone who may or may not be a serious customer that this product isn't available to them. Could you imagine how long it would take to explain to someone that even though this is an Hermes store, they don't have the Hermes bag they want in stock. Like it's already difficult for us just as a society because we're already used to instant gratification and the industrialization of manufacturing to understand that there isn't going to necessarily be a backroom filled with bags and that there only might be 26 bags made a week. And out of those 26, they have to go all over the world to different stores. Hermes operates 294 stores, 130 in Asia and the Pacific, 9 in the Middle East, 97 in Europe, and 58 in the Americas. Okay. And that is central North and South America. Now do you all want to guess how much of Hermes's total revenue the Americas bring in? 19%. 19. And that's not just the United States. The 19% is this whole half of the world. France alone makes up 9% of Hermes's total revenue as I have never gone shopping at Hermes because obviously, and I've never worked there. I can't really speak to how much truth surrounds like the mythology of the Hermes game, right? When half of the world makes up only 19% of a company's revenue, why would they concern themselves with keeping quota bags in stock? It's not where the money is. Money's in Asia. This also explains why it is easier to get a quota bag in France because these bags are only made like a couple hours away from any store. It's a lot easier to get those bags into that store than it is to ship them across the Atlantic Ocean. But sales in France are going to be a lot more impactful to the local economy. And so it also makes sense that Hermes, a company that is so deeply invested in France's economy, which we'll get more into later, would prioritize those stores instead of like Houston, Texas or Cleveland, Ohio. But between the lawsuits claim that "the desirability of an Hermes Birkin handbag, a symbol of rarefied wealth such that not even a global pandemic can dull demand for it, and the broad internet acceptance of this Hermes game, we can begin to see how Hermes has lost control of the narrative surrounding its ethical business practice and inspirational storytelling." And it's being spun into something a lot more ugly and more reflective of fast fashion. Plus, the reputation of those who are consumers of the brand and claim to be fans of the brand is that of greedy over consumers. On the subreddit, the Hermes game was created on January 28th, 2022, and today it boasts 31,000 users and is ranked in the top 4% of all subreddits. They discuss all things related to Hermes and the game between purchases, texting their SAs, and panicking about a missed call or a text from them. Like, y'all, my social anxiety could like never, ever. Now on TikTok, there are over 24,000 videos with the hashtag Hermes unboxing. And this past Christmas, someone treated themselves to a 500,000 pound Hermes advent calendar. Half a million dollars. There are creators who have built entire platforms showcasing their Hermes hauls with piles of the iconic orange boxes consisting of tens of thousands of dollars of product just thrown onto a bed or a table. On Instagram, you can follow Tanya Antonekova who sells courses and guidebooks on how to score your quota bag. By the way, just some quick gossip between us girly pops. The Hermes game subreddit hates her. One of my favorite Hermes related TikTok accounts is Love Luxury, which is a Hermes reseller in London and Dubai. And they produce like Pawnstar show level videos showcasing customers coming in to buy an Hermes bag because I have been in wait and list for six months for Hermes bag and I won't buy today Birkin. Don't care how I want it now. Or they're selling off their collection because I have to pay more credit card. Of course. 50,000 pounds. Yeah. What all of these accounts or communities have in common is their desire to aggressively acquire Hermes products. And then weaponize those goods to prove that they have, like the lawsuit states, a symbol of rarefied wealth. It's like no face and spirited away except no face is bougie and only eats Hermes. What would you like? Just leave it. Now what I don't see, even by those who present themselves as connoisseurs and deep fans of the brand, is actually any sort of like understanding or comprehension of Hermes's actual business ethics and practices. The best that they can say is that Is there a hand made and expertly crafted? Well first off Newsflash is something to stitch together. It's handmade. And that includes the dupes or the clothing from Shein. Like it includes fast fashion. All of our clothes are handmade because hands are still involved in the process of making clothing even if a machine is doing the stitching. Recently there was actually a performance art project to highlight how much hands are involved in the making of a single item of clothing. The clothes that you're wearing now as you watch this video, they were touched by hundreds of people all over the world. Now many of the Hermes goods, like the purses and bags, are hand sewn. And that is fundamentally different than handmade. To hand sew something means that your hands actually did the stitching. This is rare and it requires a great deal of skill to do well. And anything that is hand sewn should cost a lot of money. Did I stutter? Now in addition to just hand sewing like clothes, hand sewing leather requires twice if not thrice as much work because you have to actually hand punch the stitch holes before you sew them. And purses like the ones Hermes makes are made with a saddle stitch which requires using two needles at once. So it's not like it's sewing clothing. I can't even do a saddle stitch guys. I literally wrote books on hand sewing. That is a specialized skill set all on its own. So with that in mind, there will probably be some of you all that are not gonna like what I'm about to say here, but I have to say it. And that is that Hermes bags are worth their price. And frankly, to be able to buy something that is entirely hand sewn with the best materials available for just a few thousand dollars because the bags actually range between three to twelve thousand dollars retail, fair. Because look, when you buy something from a company, you're not just paying for the labors and raw materials, even though videos on this platform will claim that you can make an Hermes bag with the same exact leather from the same tannery. The estimated manufacturing cost to Hermes is eight hundred dollars. No you can't. They might want you to believe that? That's not true. Okay? It's not true. When you purchase something from any store, any retailer, any brand, all right, you're helping fund overhead like payroll and utility bills, benefits packages, charitable causes, and so much more. So that's why knowing where your money is going is one of the biggest discussion points in the fast fashion debate. People don't just dislike fast fashion companies because they make shitty clothes. It's because they treat their employees badly and their existence has a negative impact on our environment. And this is why the debate around Hermes dupes is important. Hermes stands out and away from all other luxury brands because of their ethics. But Hermes has failed themselves and their customers because of mistakes in their marketing. And as a result, they've opened themselves up to lawsuits. Part two. Hermes is not just a luxury brand. People don't buy what you do. People buy why you do it. The goal is to do business with people who believe what you believe. Hermes was founded in 1837 by Thierry Hermes, a harness and saddle maker, which means he was just so we're all clear here, a very typical middle class tradesman. He was obviously extremely good though at what he did. He even won an award for his work at the Universal Exhibition in Paris in 1867. And from there, the company's reputation grew. Eventually his son took over and then his grandson. And today, so for almost 200 years, Hermes is still run and majority owned by the same family. Pierre-Alexis Dumas, the current artistic director of Hermes, is the direct descendant of Thierry Hermes. Throughout the 20th century, Hermes grew and pushed innovation. They were one of the first brands in France to adopt the zipper. And in the 1930s, they designed a bag that would eventually be called the Kelly bag, which is one of the quota bags named after the actress and princess, Grace Kelly. And then in 1984, Pierre Alexis's father, Jean-Louis, actually designed the infamous Birkin bag for the actress, Jane Birkin. Do you notice how both of those bags are named after celebrities? Interesting. In addition to being open to just like adopting new technologies and being very forward thinking and creative, one of Hermes's biggest driving forces is actually the preservation and protection of handcraft and traditional artisanal trades. Quote "Since 1837, the group has remained true to its values of freedom, demanding craftsmanship, savoir-faire authenticity, and responsible growth. Its integrated craftsmanship business model places quality and sustainability at the center." This puts their manufacturing methodologies in direct conflict with their product's popularity and the public's rapidly increasing demand for their products. I remember actually hearing about Birkins and like Birkin dupes for the first time in the early 2000s. And I don't know if it was because of the Gilmore Girls or the Sex and the City clip because it kind of came out around the same time. But I like distinctly remember this discussion in magazines about like there being a 10 to 20 year waiting list to get a Birkin and like magazines would like excitedly report on which celebrity finally got ahold of a Birkin. Like it was crazy. It's 4,000. I know. And there's a waiting list. I assumed. Five years. For a bag? It's not a bag. It's a Birkin. Now in Simon Sinek's book, Start With Why, he lays out that the most successful companies don't actually advertise their products but they what? But they create this culture and community centered around the company's why. And as consumers, we actually find companies that then we identify with and we buy into their culture or their why. An example that Sinek actually uses in this book is Apple and their white headphones. Now in one of the original iPod commercials, okay, we see like these vector illustrations of people and they're dancing in front of like a solid color background and they're also holding on to the white iPod and they have the white headphones in, okay? And they're like just dancing to a really popular song at the time. There's no information about the iPod's memory, its size, its cost, warranty, features, like technical stuff, none of that. The commercial is just a vibe. And that is why the commercial is so iconic today. It appealed to the emotional connection of the customer that like you, a 20 something or in my case, a high school senior identified with that energy and you wanted to like publicly display how you were like a part of that group or community. Like Apple was cool. Well, that's what all the cool kids had. And like the white headphones was a way that we could identify others for being cool. Like Apple, it's all that smart. Keeping Sinek's theory in mind, Hermes has one of the strongest why's I've ever seen. But unfortunately it's a bit hidden and the conversation around Hermes on the internet is not actually an accurate reflection of the company's values and ethics. Their why. They're only buying those bags because it is a display of wealth and like a class status symbol. And that's Hermes's own fault. Let me be clear, that is Hermes's fault. And I also think that they're aware of this because in the 60 minute interview where they are discussing the mythology around this quota bag in the Hermes game. Hermes has been accused of, you know, creating this artificial scarcity to pump up demand. Pierre-Alexis claims that they don't do that and that Hermes doesn't even have a marketing department. But we don't have a marketing department at Hermes. So first of all, when I heard that, I was like, okay, I get it. Well, no. And this is a mistake. This is a slip up and it tells us two things. First, the 60 minute interview, in my opinion, is their attempt to reclaim the narrative around their brand because it has spiraled so far out of control that they're now being sued. The 60 minutes is a reputable news program and thus it will hold a little bit more weight than like say Good Morning America or The Today Show and like swaying general public opinion about the brand. Right. It was smart. It was a smart move. And I think it was actually pretty effective because it was that interview that started me down this whole rabbit hole. Like I was really impressed with what he had to say and what I saw. The second thing is, Pierre-Alexis either lied or he demonstrated that he doesn't actually understand what marketing is. But they're kind of... Hermes has to have some sort of marketing department. They hold public and private events for customers. They have an email newsletter, social media accounts, and even put in like full page color advertisements in Vogue. Those are all the responsibility of a marketing department. Now it could be that they pay an agency to do that separately and it's not done in-house. Even though at the time of filming this, at the end of December, they are literally hiring someone for a digital communications job in the corporate offices of New York, which is a marketing job. Just by the way. Either way, someone is doing marketing for Hermes. I think it's this disconnect that fuels the issues and like rumors around the brand. They need to get their shit together, okay? And they need to work on their communication. And this is unfortunate because they're why of being a company that respects the nature that inspires it, ensuring the preservation of its resources and its impact on natural environments and local ecosystems with an artisanal production model. It's amazing. And they celebrate this on their website, on their Instagram, and especially on their YouTube channel, which again, those are all forms of marketing. Hello. So six years ago, they produced a film series highlighting like the artisans that they employ and like the small French towns and communities that they've invested in through the establishment of their human sized production centers. In one video, I've like watched this video like two or three times now. We literally follow the mayor of one of these towns and like Hermes had just opened up a leather manufacturing center. But not only is he like the mayor of this like small city, he's also a farmer. Like he's talking about his day and like feeding his cows and his sheep and like he's walking around in his like Wellies just doing farmer shit. And then he goes and he puts on his little like tricolor sash and he's like, I'm also the mayor. We're talking deeply working class areas of France and impoverished areas of France that Hermes has committed to revitalizing. The best thing I can compare it to is like if Ralph Lauren looked at the Midwest and like West Virginia and like Indiana and Ohio and Kentucky went there, I'm gonna have us make clothes there. I'm gonna have us make bags there. And they invested in like building up our communities. The thing is though, it's like while that information is out there, you still have to go and look for it. You have to seek it out because it has not been successfully spread around and incorporated into their conversations with their customers. And so it's like a really bad game of telephone where the messaging has gotten really messed up. According to Hermes's website, they are present in 11 of the 13 regions of France and they plan on opening one new production facility in one of the 16 métiers a year, which will create at least 300 new jobs. Additionally, of the 75 Hermes owned production and trading sites, 60 of them are in France. This includes tanneries, textile manufacturing, crystal, metal, and jewelry making. This investment into the country and the people of France is a pillar of Hermes's values. And in addition to job creation, I love this, in 2021, they established a school to teach and preserve traditional handwork that goes into the creation of leather goods. It is called the École de Hermes de Savoir-Faire. And it is accredited by the French government. It is completely free if you are accepted into the program and 89% of the graduates are offered full-time positions at Hermes afterwards. Like it is so successful that this year they've opened up two more training schools and centers and they've expanded their course offerings. So there is now saddle stitching and like leather stitching, leather cutting, and then there's also just normal stitching on like a machine. Ugh, it's amazing. Like it's so incredible, okay? And like honestly, the only reason that I'm not like running away to France to go work for Hermes is because you have to be fluent in French to go to the school and I'm not. As someone though who has studied and practiced traditional hand sewing skills and trade work, and I am deeply passionate about those subjects and the preservation of handcraft, I cannot accurately express how incredible Hermes's business model is, like how inspiring it is. But you also won't find that information being discussed in Hermes hull videos or lug of luxury videos or dupe discourse. You only know about this if you watched the 60 minute interview, your ADHD hyper focus kicked in, and then you went digging through all of Hermes's websites until you found the information you were looking for. Like me. And like guys, like there's so much more about Hermes, like and I don't have time to go into it because we got to stay focused on the actual topic at hand. But like I write about their sustainability practices and their environmental impacts, like they are aggressively reducing their water use, single use plastic, and they are like meeting every possible eco certification. They even keep track of every single repair they do and they keep it as a part of their sustainability like model and practice and goals. In 2023, they completed 202,000 different repairs. That's what they want to do. They're proud of that. And also if you're curious, 98% of their leathers are byproducts of the food industry. The other 2% does seem to be accounted for like the crocodile leather, lizard leather, and ostrich leathers that they use. But those are sourced using sustainable farming practices that I read a lot about and like just don't have time to go into, but I read a lot about them because they're very open about it in that universal registration document. If you're like looking for some like 300 page reading like I did, it was great. It was awesome. I loved it. And we now know that $12,000 handbag is contributing to someone's education. It's uplifting working class communities. It's investing in a company that values its people and the environment. And this is part of the conversation that like Pierre-Alexis made when he was trying to discuss expensive versus costly during his interview. Because now owning a Hermes bag is not just about a display of rarefied wealth like the lawsuit tries to argue. It's about supporting a company that you ethically align with and the price tag becomes a lot more justifiable as a lifelong investment in my like, Abby's shopping math. If you were to allot a dollar a day towards paying off that $12,000 purse, then it would take you around 30 years to carry that bag to get your money's worth. And when the bag is hand stitched out of the best leather available by a company that offers repairs, it should last that long. That is the point of the bag. Despite the mystery around the brand, their model is successful. They earned over 13 billion euro in revenue in 2023 with 1.7 billion going into payroll cost and an additional 4,000 euro bonuses went to every single employee of Hermes, all 22,000 of them. They also offer shareholder opportunities to employees. 18,000 of the 22,000 employees are currently shareholders in the company. Genuinely, Hermes should be actually held up as this sort of zenith of slow and sustainable fashion brands that take care of their employees. They don't care about production numbers or making goods as fast and cheap as possible to up their profits. Pushing that idea actually pissed Pierre Alexis off in the interview. you're talking about industrial production. You are applying your thinking structure of industrial production to craft! We are about craft! We are not machines! So this disconnect around the purpose of a marketing department in the 60 Minutes interview is to me illustrative of Hermes' bigger problem, even though they don't need to promote their products because they don't have a revenue problem and aggressively promoting their products in that sort of way does conflict a bit with their company ethics. The important messaging surrounding their why has been completely overshadowed by internet rumors fueled by celebrity culture and content creators. Instead of "you should buy Hermes because they're a great company that has all of these values and it's worth waiting years for a bag," it's now "play the Hermes game!" which actually centers the entire narrative of the brand around the worthiness, wealth, and specialness of the individual customer instead of the company's community. And it's that individualism that seeds the feelings of jealousy and discontent and it is in direct conflict with the brand's ethics. Now as a result, Hermes is losing control of their narrative. They look more like a predatory, capitalistic orange villain that shits in a gold toilet than a heritage brand with strong ethics and values. Part 3. Getting duped. Doops are the calling card of Chinese drop shipping retailer AliExpress. Even the website's app has a reverse image search feature, a portal into the duped shadow land. This environment where duped culture has blossomed shared across the four horsemen of the fast fashion Armageddon, AliExpress, eBay, Etsy, and worst of all, Shein. It's a nightmare of mass consumption where it's not just luxury items that are duped, it's open season on all IPs. Small independent brands are constantly ripped off and the $1 to $10 price tags are a singing canary for sweatshops, poor working conditions, and unfairly paid labor. The environmental cost is unmentionable. Just side note, Kenna and I are in agreement that Amazon's also one of the four horsemen. Maybe not Etsy, maybe Etsy is like a... Side demon. Anyways. In December, a Birkin dupe sold on Walmart's Marketplace website and went viral over on TikTok. One of the biggest talking points in justifying why it's okay to buy this dupe was due to the price of actual Birkins. It's a bag. There is zero reason to be spending that on a bag. Essentially, this argument took one of two points of attack. The first was, "LOL, the rich are upset. We have their bags and they look just like theirs and that makes their butthole hurt and they're no longer special. Wah, wah, wah." Or that buying the dupe was an act of breaking down the social class system and wealth disparity. Death to all systems of power. Any sort of attempt at sort of bringing the conversation points about how fast fashion is just bad, period. A polyurethane bag is not a luxury. Was dismissed by many who believe that because the bag is a dupe of a luxury brand that is traditionally only available to a privileged few, that that made the purchase somehow ethically acceptable. Unfortunately, this well-meaning but misguided attempt at sticking it to the rich ends up harming other marginalized groups, including those who could never even afford to buy the dupe because they're literally being paid pennies to make the thing. I don't know the conditions that that fake Birkin were made in. So I don't really wanna take a risk on it. So those who are buying dupes because it looks like an actual Hermes Birkin and then they style it with their little knockoff twillies and bag charms to mimic the wealthy influencers they see on social media with real Birkins are not getting one up on those who actually own Birkins or are harming them in any sort of way. Instead, what they're doing is they're actually funding fast fashion, which overwhelmingly harms women in impoverished countries. Also those Wirkins? I know, I know. They also call it Walmes. The wit is witting. I will say that's very funny. Anyways, while there are like a couple of different types available, most of them are actually made out of polyurethane. So plastic, they won't last through years of wear and tear and they won't decompose either. They'll eventually end up in a landfill or a trash pile like the ones in Chile or other countries throughout Africa, and they will continue to harm the communities and the delicate ecosystems that live there for millennia. For what? To project the illusion of rarefied wealth? Furthermore, the irony of claiming that by buying a dupe of a luxury handbag from Walmart that you are somehow getting one up on the ultra rich 1% is just like that's impressive mental gymnastics my friends because the Waltons are literally billionaires and Walmart is notoriously shitty for their working conditions and how they treat their full time employees because so many of them are actually on government assistance because they don't make enough money to be able to afford food at Walmart. So who actually wins in this game? In the ethics of dupes, I find it difficult to understand how on one hand it is broadly accepted and understood that when companies like Shein knock off independent designers and small companies, it's terrible. But when it's a dupe of a luxury good, it's okay and somehow also a political statement, I would actually argue that the success of luxury dupes is what actually encourages and emboldens companies like Shein to knock off smaller independent designers. Money talks, right? So by purchasing this dupe, you're telling the companies like Shein to make more dupes. And while there isn't much brands can do in the name of copyright because you can't really copyright fashion, it's up to us as consumers to protect those who are at risk, especially if we care about class solidarity. And that means not buying dupes, but spending that money as responsibly as you possibly can. I also want to be really clear here. I am not shitting on everyone who shops at Walmart. I shop at Walmart. This is not about people who are looking for a purse or a bag within a budget and they find that style because that's what they like and that's just what they can afford. I'm not talking about those people. What I am talking about are people who are specifically going out and searching and purchasing the Walmart Birkin knockoff because it is a dupe and because it's cheap and because that means they can cosplay a real Hermes bag. Even if I was extremely wealthy and had the money to buy an actual Birkin, I would never spend that much money on a handbag. I would just buy a nice fake of it. That consumer behavior is promoting overconsumption, gross consumerism, and it's ultimately harmful to everyone. Make no mistake, okay? Well, yes. Those who over-consume Hermes are helping support their business. Their motivations behind these purchases are completely misaligned with the brand's ethics. Having customers with closets full of Birkins or Kelly's was never the goal for Hermes. It has always been about creating a product that will last for decades so you only need to purchase one or maybe two. Displaying multiple unused Hermes bags on your shelves in your closet as the background for your TikToks, sharing your tips and tricks on how to play the Hermes game, or discussing the work in dupe is just as disgusting as buying into a fast fashion product that's mass produced in questionable factories with shitty materials that will never decompose. If you didn't have 20 fucking Birkins to over inflate your ego, there would be more Birkins to go around thus ending the game. Quickly to my millennials, did you just lose the game? You just lost. You're welcome. You can hate me in the comments, that's fine. The Wirkin dupe promoters and over-consuming Hermes fashion influencers are actually, in my opinion, two ends of the fast fashion spectrum because you can absolutely over-consume slow fashion, trading it like fast fashion, instant fleeting and disposable. And it's that mentality of greedy over-consumption and entitlement that fuels Cavalieri and Glanoga's lawsuit. They're not suing Hermes to be able to buy one singular bag. They already own Birkins. It should last them their entire life. They want more Birkins. In September of 2024, the judge in California presiding over this case, it didn't see the validity in the complaint, stating that Hermes can run its business any way it wants, including making five Birkins a year and charging a million dollars for them. Now as of writing this video, the lawyers for the plaintiffs have requested more time to adjust and rewrite their complaint so that way it can possibly move forward in the court system. Ultimately, there's no way to know for sure whether or not Hermes has this game of requiring people to spend certain amounts of money and bother sales associates constantly because they want the bag that they want. And they have gone on the record denying its existence. This is a diabolical marketing idea that can only come out of people obsessed with marketing. Logically, looking at the numbers and their data, I don't actually think there's a game as the internet sees it. I think the time people spend playing the game for a Birkin or a Kelly bag is honestly just how long it can take for them to get them in stock or for your turn to come up in line. It's a waiting game because there just are not that many to go around. And yes, by keeping in contact and building a relationship with a sales associate, it would logically help possibly speed up the process. Ultimately though, the game is still one of the consumers making, not the company. Because Hermes values time and employee welfare, you can't just walk in and demand a bag in most stores. Appointments are scheduled online and what that does is ensures a luxury shopping experience for the customer, but also a balanced work schedule for the employees. By keeping these hands-on goods tucked away and hidden, they're kept clean and safe, which just demonstrates how much the company actually values their creation and the labor of their artisans. And this is why marketing is important. Because it is just as easy to demonize those practices as it is to celebrate them. The public perception is dictated by whoever controls the narrative, which in this case of Hermes, are randos on the internet. Finally, if you were to go somewhere else and buy a hands-on leather bag, like these small companies Tanner Leatherstein suggested in one of their videos where they're discussing Hermes, you're still going to be looking at a long wait time of several months and spending several thousands of dollars on a bag. That is the norm for a high quality hands-sewn product and good. The fact that you can even buy anything on Hermes's website that is hand sewn and have it shipped directly to your door is actually indicative of how much they do produce. And it is impressive. And so with that, my friends, I leave you with this. It is okay that not all of us can afford a $12,000 handbag. It is handsewn by a slow and sustainable fashion house that prioritizes quality over productivity and enriching their community. It should cost a lot of money. If anything, this discourse around the cost of Hermes products and their fast fashion dupes should remind us that clothing and accessories should cost more and that cheap clothing is an indicator of low wages, poor working conditions, and negative environmental impacts. We should be comfortable paying good money for labor because fair wages ensure access to food, housing, and clean water, which should never, ever be a luxury. And if you're truly invested in dismantling archaic and damaging social structures, then it's important to try and be as conscious as possible on where you spend your money. Instead of buying a cheap dupe that harms the environment for the illusion of status, consider investing in the best version of the product you can buy, whether it's designer or not. Also, this coat is vintage, don't @ me. A symbol of rarefied wealth such that not even a global pandemic... Merch baby. We got pins. We got nice 100% cotton totes with a zipper. Are we Gucci? Hi, Gryff. Hi. Mama looks like a fur coat. Do you want uppies? That's my boy. Sorry, I had to get that out of my system. Darling, I just can't meet you for lunch today at Nobu. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Juji is a pootie! JUJI IS A POOTIE!!!!! You can also get a signed poster. I love this poster. It's so cute. It's really high quality. And it says fashion history is history because fashion history is history. I have no idea if I don't think that recorded. Cool, cool, cool. We'll read through that again. I got a book bundle too with Bernadette, so if you guys want signed books from both of us, we have those too. Love you. Bye. I'm going to go eat dinner now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LilyBecca [1 likes]: In my opinion, just the wages for 30 hours for a highly skilled worker should be at least $1,500. Then, you have benefits, payroll taxes, materials, and all of the company overhead. I'd say a hand crafted bag that takes 30 hours to make should start at $3k minimum.
  2. @KillWelly64 [1 likes]: Honestly while it's nice to see a company genuinely putting their money where their mouth is with ethical practices and all that, I think the bigger interesting question is "is this kind of ethics something that other companies can do or that real people can afford"? Does a corporation have to be selling massively expensive items to the wealthiest people (where they'll end up being superficial status symbols whether they like it or not) to be able to reinvest that money sustainably and ethically? Can working class people afford sustainable and ethically produced items, and if so, from where? If not, what forces stop it?
  3. @evamoonstory [1 likes]: girl you need to take a chill pill , i have a headache from your screaming into the camera , its like you're on something
  4. @Elibel77: Craftsmanship aside (because this is gorgeous work)...  EAT THE RICH...  whatever they do pollutes the beauty they claim. Have no idea of craftsmanship (or work itself, for that matter), barely know Jane Birkin at all (a beautiful actress and signer who had ONE Hermès bag made for her many daily needs - she used that tote).  If merit was really the myth elites have made it to be, every mother would run around with a Birkin.
  5. @antessawalters3595: I watched that interview as well.  I was very impressed with their ethic and glad to see them opening locations in rural France.  I have traveled in rural France and it is difficult to make a living in the less populated departments.  I know this isn't clothing, but  when I was in Turkey last year, I visited a rug factory in a rural area.  They hire women only who go through a 6 year apprenticeship. At the end of the 6 years, the company provides them with their own rug loom and they are able to work from home at that point.  The women receive 65% of the sales price of the rug.  I was so impressed with their business plan to help provide careers for the women.  Some of these rugs can take years to make.  They even make and dye their own silk at this location.  Fascinating watching the silk process from cocoon to yarn.  Of course these are expensive,  but considering the amount of labor that goes into them, it is worth it.  I did buy a small wool rug,  I wish I could have afforded to buy a larger one.
  6. @bisynaptic: I’m sold.
  7. @LilyBecca: I haven't stepped foot in a Wal-Mart in over 25 years. I became aware of what a horrible company they are, and made the decision to never support the Waltons again. Honestly,  life is better without Wal-Mart.
  8. @LilyBecca: Wow, I am absolutely loving the way Hermes does business. What a wonderful way to create talented employees, offer them amazing jobs, be environmentally conscience, stimulate local economies, and offer an amazing product. 
If other companies would use this business model, it would create so much opportunity. This is like trickle down manufacturing.
  9. @MadisonHarrellMusic: such cool lighting in this vid, riveting content as always!
  10. @thenerdlet3171: thank you for doing the volunteer work of being hermes' marketing department
  11. @thenerdlet3171: hmmm. youve made me want an hermes bag
  12. @ms-rachel-anne: This was fascinating to watch. I asked a few years ago for a real leather purse as my joint Christmas gift from family members. It was made by a small craftswoman and is such good quality. The leather is beautiful, the zippers and snaps and lining are all sturdy and beautiful, and it's exactly the size and style I wanted. It was a few hundred dollars, and worth every penny. I look forward to loving it and taking care of it for years to come so that it serves me for a long time. In fact, I really need to clean and polish it. And my point in saying all this is that quality materials and skilled craftsmanship are absolutely worth paying for because it's an investment that will, ideally, last decades.
  13. @isra9862: I have 0 euros but now I want to shop at Hermès because it's definetely worth it.
  14. @andie.a: Lost the game.... Hit the like. 😂
  15. @Kahya338: I wish wish WISH more people around me spoke fluent English so I could send this to them. I can't properly translate the many things you pointed out here.

But just YES THANK YOU
  16. @bluereacteons: Incredible video!
  17. @John-q5p9m: If they would just double the price of their bags and cut the games out of having to buy a bunch of crap you don't want, no one would complain about the price of the bag.
  18. @lildramatic4760: Damnit, Abby. I lost the game.
  19. @Nowoxoly: This was genuine one of the best videos I’ve ever seen, thank you
  20. @johntheivagt3054: Thanks! I love their fragrance line and had zero idea they were like this. Without you, I would have continued to believe that they were just another luxury brand. Thanks for educating me. I really love your content. Keep it going! ❤

- Luxury vs Fast Fashion: Who Will Survive?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] fashion a constantly evolving reflection of society has undergone a dramatic transformation in recent decades the rise of fast fashion with its emphasis on rapid Trend turnover and low prices has created a whirlwind of consumption consumers bombarded with new Styles at Breakneck feed are increasingly accustomed to disposable fashion this shift has posed a significant challenge to traditional luxury Brands known for their Timeless Elegance meticulous craftsmanship and Hefty price tags the Allure of luxury however hasn't faded luxury Brands built on Heritage and exclusivity possess an enduring appeal their products represent not just clothing but a lifestyle an aspiration the challenge for luxury Brands lies in navigating this new landscape maintaining their core values while adapting to a consumer base increasingly influenced by fast Fashion's accessibility and immediacy the fashion landscape is no longer a dichotomy but a complex Spectrum with fast fashion at one end and luxury at the other brands regardless of their positioning are constantly buying for Consumer attention in a crowded Marketplace this battle for relevance is playing out not just on the streets and in stores but increasingly in the digital realm where social media dictates Trends and shapes perceptions understanding this evolving consumer landscape is crucial for both luxury and fast fashioned Brands as they strive to maintain their footing in a rapidly changing world the distinction between luxury and fast fashion runs deeper than price tags it's a difference in philosophy craftsmanship and target audience fast fashion thrives on speed and volume churning out trendy designs at lightning speed to capitalize on fleeting fads its Target AUD ience is driven by affordability and the desire to keep up with the latest trends luxury in contrast Prides itself on timelessness and quality craftsmanship Heritage and exclusivity are its cornerstones luxury goods are investments meant to last beyond a single season they cater to a Discerning clientele seeking lasting style and unparalleled quality a clientele willing to pay a premium for these attributes marketing strategies also diverge significantly fast fashion relies heavily on social media marketing influencer collaborations and aggressive advertising campaigns to drive impulse purchases luxury Brands however cultivate an aura of exclusivity focusing on brand storytelling Heritage and personalized customer experiences they leverage their history their craftsmanship and their association with a certain lifestyle to justify their price points and attract a loyal clientele despite these differences both luxury and fast fashion brands operate within the same consumer ecosystem the rise of fast fashion has undoubtedly impacted consumer perceptions of value and Longevity luxury Brands must navigate this evolving landscape finding ways to appeal to a generation accustomed to instant gratification and constantly shifting Trends without compromising their core values the digital age has irrevocably altered the fashion landscape social media platforms have become the new runways dictating Trends and shaping consumer preferences luxury Brands once hesitant to embrace this fast-paced digital world are now actively leveraging its power Instagram in particular has become a key Battleground for luxury Brands visually driven platforms like Instagram allow Brands to Showcase their craft craftsmanship Heritage and lifestyle associations reaching a global audience in real time luxury brands are investing heavily in creating engaging content collaborating with influencers and even launching exclusive product lines specifically for their online audiences this digital engagement goes beyond mere marketing luxury brands are using digital platforms to foster a sense of community offering personalized experiences and exclusive access to their their loyal clientele live streamed fashion shows behind the scenes glimpses into their atellier and online conier services bridge the gap between the brand and the consumer creating a sense of intimacy and exclusivity in the digital realm this Embrace of the digital age is not about mimicking fast fashioned speed it's about leveraging technology to enhance the luxury experience making it more accessible engaging and relevant to a digitally Savvy clientele luxury brands are finding innovative ways to translate their core values of Heritage craftsmanship and exclusivity into the digital world ensuring their continued relevance in an Ever evolving consumer landscape one of the most intriguing developments in recent years has been the rise of collaborations between luxury Brands and fast fashioned retailers these Partnerships once on imaginable are becoming increasingly commonplace blurring the lines between high-end exclusivity and mass Market accessibility these collaborations offer a win-win scenario for both parties luxury Brands gain access to a wider audience introducing their Aesthetics and craftsmanship to a new demographic fast fashion retailers in turn Elevate their offerings attracting consumers seeking a taste of luxury at a more accessible price point such collaborations have yielded some iconic pieces H&M's collaboration with Carl lerf in 2004 was a groundbreaking moment democratizing luxury and sparking a trend that continues to this day Target's collaborations with Mason Jason Woo and Lily Pulitzer are other notable examples creating a frenzy among consumers eager to own a piece of designer fashion at a fraction of the cost these Partnerships however are not without their critics some argue that such collaborations dilute the exclusivity and Prestige of luxury Brands others contend that they legitimize fast Fashion's unsustainable practices despite these concerns collaborations between luxury and fast fashion are likely to continue reflecting the evolving dynamics of the fashion industry and consumer demand for a blend of accessibility and exclusivity the fashion industry both love luxury and fast fashion faces mounting scrutiny regarding its environmental and social impact the rise of fast fashion with its emphasis on rapid production and disposable clothing has Amplified concerns about waste pollution and unethical labor practices luxury Brands despite their emphasis on quality and Longevity are not exempt from this criticism the use of exotic materials resource intensive production processes and the pressure to constantly innovate can contribute to the industry's overall environmental footprint consumers are increasingly aware of these issues demanding transparency and ethical practices from the brands they support both luxury and fast fashion brands are responding to this shift in consumer sentiment implementing sustainable practices embracing circularity and promoting ethical sourcing luxury brands with their focus on craftsmanship and longevity have a unique opportunity to lead the way in sustainable fashion by emphasizing Timeless designs promoting repair and restoration services and using ethically sourced materials they can reinforce their commitment to Quality and responsible production the sustainability challenge is complex and multifaceted requiring a systemic shift in the industry's practices consumers designers and Brands must collaborate to create a more ethical and sustainable fashion ecosystem in the ever evolving landscape of fashion consumers are faced with a myriad of choices the Allure of fast Fashion's affordability and trend-driven Designs is undeniable luxury's promise of Timeless elegance and unparalleled quality continues to hold its own appeal the decision of whether to indulge in the fleeting trends of fast fashion or invest in the enduring Allure of luxury ultimately boils down to individual values do we prioritize affordability and trendiness embracing the Disposable nature of fast fashion or do we value quality craftsmanship and sustainability investing in pieces meant to last a lifetime this is not a simple dichotomy consumers can appreciate the Artistry and craftsmanship of luxury while ALS Alo enjoying the occasional fast fashion trend the key lies in conscious consumption understanding the impact of our choices and prioritizing quality sustainability and ethical production the future of fashion hinges on consumer choices by demanding transparency supporting Brands committed to sustainability and embracing a more mindful approach to consumption we can shape a fashion industry that is both stylish and responsible the question remains what will we choose will we continue to fuel the fast fashion cycle of consumption and waste or will we Embrace a more conscious approach prioritizing quality sustainability and enduring Style

- Luxury Brands Are Collapsing Faster Than Ever: Kind: captions Language: en Luxury brands have always stood as symbols of status, exclusivity, and refined craftsmanship. For decades, [music] these high-end houses built their reputations on heritage, scarcity, and immaculate presentation. But something has changed, [music] and it's changing faster than anyone in the luxury world expected. Today, we're witnessing a wave of customer [music] loss across some of the most iconic luxury brands on the planet. These companies, once untouchable, are [music] now facing a dramatic shift in consumer behavior. Younger buyers have evolved. The market has transformed [music] and many luxury brands have failed to adapt. In this deep dive, we're exploring 15 luxury brands losing customers [music] at an alarming rate and what this massive shift means for the future of luxury consumption. Let's begin. First [music] up, Gucci. Once the superstar of luxury fashion, Gucci [music] saw explosive growth between 2015 and 2019 under Aleandro Mle. [music] His eccentric maximalist aesthetic ruled culture. Gucci became the brand. Everyone wanted it. But the glory didn't last. Since 2022, Gucci sales have fallen sharply with [music] revenues dropping by 14% in just one quarter. The transition to new creative director Sabato Darno has been [music] rocky, causing longtime fans to drift away. Gucci's biggest problem, an identity [music] crisis. After years of logo heavy designs saturating the market, customers became fatigued. The iconic GG pattern, once [music] aspirational, became overexposed. And when a luxury brand becomes too [music] common, it stops feeling like luxury. Next, Balenciaga. [music] Valenciaga experienced one of the most dramatic reputational crashes in luxury history. Once the leader of the edgy streetear luxury crossover, the brand was dominating culture. But in late 2022, [music] controversy struck. Their ad campaign featuring children and inappropriate [music] imagery triggered global backlash. Boycott spread quickly. Celebrity support evaporated. [music] Analysts estimate sales dropped 30% almost immediately. [music] And even after apologies, the damage remains. Younger luxury shoppers who value ethics more than ever simply walked away. Balenciaga now faces a long and uncertain road to rebuilding trust. Moving forward, Calvin Klein. Calvin Klein once defined American luxury minimalism, [music] but its relevance has faded. Sales continue to slip with an 8% drop compared to prepandemic years. The brand struggles between [music] honoring its provocative past and appealing to Gen Z's modern tastes. And [music] with competition rising from direct to consumer brands and affordable premium labels, Calvin [music] Klein's place in the market has grown unstable. They're trying to modernize, but consumers aren't fully responding. Let's talk [music] about Prada. Prada's decline is less dramatic, but still concerning. The brand's slow digital transformation and niche artistic aesthetic have limited its appeal among younger buyers. [music] Growth in 2022 was modest, but driven mostly by price hikes, [music] not increased demand. That means fewer customers spending more, and that's [music] not a sustainable long-term strategy. Now, Burberry Burberry has been struggling with consistency for years. Multiple creative director changes [music] have created confusion around the brand's identity. In 2023, Burberry issued a profit warning. Sales in China, its most important market, fell by 20%. [music] Their attempt to revive British heritage under Daniel Lee alienated fans who preferred Ricardo [music] Ti's streetear direction. And the iconic check pattern overexposed, counterfeited, and losing its prestige. Now we shift to watches, [music] beginning with Tag Hoyer. Tag Hoyer, once dominant in the accessible luxury sports [music] category, is losing customers fast. The rise of smart watches, especially Apple, devastated this segment. [music] Tag sales have fallen by double digits since 2019. Their attempt to fight back with their connected smartwatch was interesting, but it didn't restore prestige. Meanwhile, price increases pushed TAG into a higher bracket without luxury level perception. Customers simply [music] don't see the value anymore. Next, Tiffany and Co. Tiffany was already struggling before LVMH bought it in 2021. Foot traffic was down. Younger customers were uninterested. Then, after the acquisition, Tiffany introduced bold, modern marketing, including the controversial, not your [music] mother's Tiffany campaign. It backfired. Older customers felt disrespected. [music] Younger customers didn't feel persuaded. Today, Tiffany faces a confused brand identity and declining loyalty during a crucial repositioning period. Next on the list, Ralph Lauren. Ralph Lauren used to be the blueprint for American luxury lifestyle, [music] but years of outlet stores, licensing deals, and discounting have diluted the brand. Sales in the wholesale sector, especially [music] department stores, continue to weaken. Younger consumers simply don't relate to Ralph Lauren's traditional preppy image. The brand is [music] trying to modernize, but traction has been slow. Moving to denim, Diesel. Diesel was a cultural powerhouse in the [music] early 2000s. Premium denim, iconic ads, a global presence. But today, [music] Diesel has lost more than 40% of its sales from its peak. Why? The premium denim trend faded. Competition increased dramatically. Their identity became unclear. Despite recent creative attempts, Diesel remains stuck between old school denim brand and modern fashion house, appealing strongly to neither. [music] Next, Versace. Since being acquired by Capri Holdings, formerly [music] Michael Kors Holdings, Versace has struggled to match expectations. Growth slowed sharply in 2023, particularly in the Americas and Asia. The brand's bold, sexy heritage [music] is iconic, but difficult to modernize. and expansion into more accessible product categories has diluted its prestige without attracting enough [music] new customers. Now, Dolce and Gabbana DG's image took a massive hit after a 2018 controversy in China. Boycotts [music] erupted, sales fell sharply, and the brand still hasn't recovered fully in Asian markets. Beyond the scandal, DG's ornate maximalist aesthetic feels out of touch with today's minimal sustainable luxury trends. and their social media impact remains [music] weaker than newer, more digitally fluent brands. Moving on, Todds, known for highquality leather goods and the iconic Gumino driving shoe, Todds has seen a 10.9% sales [music] drop. Their craftsmanship is excellent, but their products no longer feel exciting or fresh to younger luxury buyers. Todds has also struggled to create online buzz, [music] leaving it overshadowed by trend-driven competitors. Next, Salvator [music] Farerraamo. Farragamo, once respected for its timeless leather goods and elegant shoes, [music] has been stuck in decline for years. Sales fell another 7% in 2023. [music] The brand's traditional aesthetic feels outdated to today's luxury audience. Frequent leadership changes and inconsistent creative direction [music] have slowed their ability to reinvent. Even with new designers on board, momentum has [music] been limited. And now, Michael Kors. Michael Kors transformed [music] affordable luxury in the 2010s, but overexposure destroyed its aspirational appeal. Sales continued declining, falling an additional 6.5% recently. Outlet saturation, endless discounting, [music] and repetitive designs have pushed the brand into mass market territory. Today, many consumers no longer see it as luxury at all. Lastly, [music] Mont Blanc. Mont Blancc is still respected for fine writing instruments, but the demand for luxury pens is shrinking quickly in a digital world. Attempts to expand into watches, leather goods, and tech [music] have had mixed results and risk diluting the brand. Their customer base is aging, and younger buyers simply [music] aren't replacing them at the same pace. Now, what do all these declines reveal? Several major themes. Luxury consumers [music] today expect relevance, ethics, and authenticity, not just heritage. Digital transformation has separated [music] winners from losers. Younger buyers reject loud logos and overt flexing. Conglomerates dominate, making it harder for independence to compete. Sustainability and transparency [music] matter more than ever. Many luxury brands fail to evolve, and they're paying the price. The future of luxury belongs [music] to brands that embrace digital storytelling, ethical values, subtle design, and deep emotional customer connection. Some of the brands we discussed will adapt, some will be acquired, and some may eventually disappear. If you found this breakdown insightful [music] and you want deeper dives into how luxury is evolving, make sure you hit that subscribe button. There's a lot more coming. Let me know in the comments which brand surprised you the most and which one you think still has the [music] best chance at a comeback.

  Top Comments:
  1. @janmalin5652: :medal-yellow-first-red:

- The Dark Secret of Luxury Brands | DRM News: Kind: captions Language: en imagine slipping into a Sleek leather jacket feeling the smooth material of a finely crafted handbag or lacing up a pair of perfectly Polished shoes leather adds a touch of luxury to everything from jackets and shoes to bags and belts and in the high fashion markets sometimes this Timeless material has deeply problematic Origins every year over 1 billion animals are slaughtered worldwide to satisfy the insatiable demand for leather including cows calves horses Lambs goats crocodiles foxes Ducks rabbits sheep pigs and even cats and dogs luxury Brands and their suppliers Farm millions of wild animals confining some like minks and foxes in dilapidated metal cages for their entire lives before slaughtering them these cages are Barren with little room to move around and no enrichment the animals are then killed through various methods such as bludgeoning the head or face anal electrocution and gassing sometimes they skin is removed while they are still alive luxury Brands like Louis Vuitton openly acknowledge using Fox and mink fur in their coats providing comprehensive details in their product descriptions this tradition of farming animals for leather production is common worldwide AES the French fashion brand creates its most expensive bags using rare Nile crocodile skin while saltwater crocodiles can live for over 80 years in the Wild on farms they typically survive only about 3 years in small pens these crocodiles are usually killed by electrocution the leather industry often claims that tanning animal skins reduce waste suggesting that leather is sustainable and Humane and it is true that leather is a valuable byproduct recognized by the meat and dairy Industries for its economic significance slaughterhouses purchase cattle with consideration for the profits from meat skin and other body parts while some calves are raised specifically for their soft skins all cattle contribute to profits China is the world's largest exporter of leather according to the China leather industry Association China exported leather fur and related products valued at 96.9 billion in 2023 approximately 2 million cats and dogs are slaughtered each year for their skins in China the main destinations for China's leather Footwear exports were the United States Germany Russia the United Kingdom and Australia in India cows are considered sacred yet the country is the largest exporter of cow leather India is also the fourth largest leather exporter globally in the fiscal year 2022 India's exports of leather and leather products amounted to 3 26.7 billion Indian rupees marking a 32% increase compared to the previous year in the fiscal year 2023 India exported leather and leather products worth more than 381.986 rupes leather manufacturing also significantly impacts the environment in factories toxic chemicals turn raw hides into leather and tanneries dump millions of gallons of untreated liquid waste every day these aggressively damage aquatic ecosystems killing marine organisms millions of people work in these industries and exposure to these chemicals without protection is deadly for them too and can cause cancer and other serious illnesses workers in chemical industry often work more than one shift in multiple tanneries Studies have found that 90% of them will die by the age of 50 First these workers submerge the hides in rotating drums after 3 days of spinning the hides turn a whitish gray color workers then mix in calcium hydroxide to separate the layers of HIDs during the bluing process a violet powder called chromium sulfate is used to preserve the hides and prevent future rotting the final most dangerous step in these industries is tanning where workers soak the hides in tanning agents often a mixture of falah azoc colorant and pentachlorophenol inhaling the vapors from these chemicals can burn the eyes and throats much of this process is done without protective gear in addition to leather other animal products are also used as raw materials for the fashion industry feathers from Birds especially ostriches are used to make hats and dresses and even luxury bags down feathers found close to the bodies of aquatic birds like geese and Ducks insulate them from the cold and Aid in swimming due to these properties down is used in coats and bedding unfortunately ducks and geese often undergo live plucking where their feathers are forcibly pulled out causing significant pain injuries bleeding and open wounds luxury Brands such as Gucci and Louis Vuitton explicitly State on their websites that their jackets are filled with duck feathers and it is unclear whether whether this is sourced ethically or not while the economic value of the leather industry is uncontested critics have been protesting its cruel and blatant disregard for human and animal lives for decades Global movements have sprung up that encourage people to opt for ethical sustainable and animal-free materials and consider secondhand options before buying new items however as long as demand for leather products remains High Supply is unlikely to change because of ethical considerations [Music]

- Dior Pays $2.3 Million For Labour Violations: Kind: captions Language: en We finally have an update on the Dior case with Dior pledging $2.3 million to help with the issue. If you have no idea what I'm talking about, Dior was put under investigation after a factory in Italy that makes their bags was found to be violating labor laws. The workers were made to work longer than their legal hours, paid less than the minimum wage, some were undocumented workers without rights, and the workers were forced to sleep in the factory with the factory also being seen as a front for other illegal businesses. This, of course, is the same investigation in which it was found that Dior book totes cost 53 to assemble, which became a massive story on social media and beyond. Ultimately, nothing substantial came from the case because Dior is not legally liable for the actions of a third party manufacturer that they work with. So, they aren't liable for, you know, labor violations that happened with one of their manufacturing partners. and therefore they weren't legally culpable themselves to any sort of wrongdoing. It's very similar to the case with Valentino in the case that they are kind of under investigation and these courts were overseeing that Dior improves the practices in these places and Dior as part of closing the case has actually pledged to do a few things. One of those things is committing to paying $2.3 million over five years to support initiatives aimed at helping victims of labor exploitation. They also committed to making changes to their ethical and social responsibility statements and to adopt stricter procedures to select and monitor suppliers. Do I believe that they're going to have stricter procedures to monitor suppliers? No. We've seen evidence very recently with the Valentino case, which is in the last video. You guys should definitely check it out if you're interested where essentially Valentino were made aware of the labor practices, but they turned a blind eye to what was going on because of course the cash was coming in and with a lot of these big companies and big conglomerates, cash is king. And this is why I certainly agree with the people that were saying the investigation's outcome was way too lenient. If brands think they can get away with all this stuff, of course they'll continue to do it. To be very honest, it is a slap on the wrist for Dior to be paying $2.3 million. But it is also very important to note that Dior didn't even have to pay that. They weren't legally culpable for any of it, to be honest. They just kind of wanted to pay to kind of help with their image. And it looks like they're doing something, but by Dior standards, $2.3 million is literally nothing. It is nothing. These are companies that have, you know, marketing budgets in the tens and hundreds of millions a year. So, yeah, it's insane. So, with all these cases coming out, my question to myself is where exactly do we go from here? What has to happen for a lot of these things to end? It's quite common that luxury brands often outsource production to multiple suppliers because it's very very difficult to have your own factories to supply with the scale that a lot of these luxury brands produce in. But the only problem with that is it creates layers of uncertainty that makes it difficult to you know attribute any direct responsibility for labor violations on these brands. This complexity also enables brands to distance themselves from any exploitative practices while continuing to benefit from lower production costs. And I think that's a big issue because luxury brands can very easily just when the issues come, when the legal violations come, they can just be like, "Yep, this has nothing to do with us." And then the second that, you know, it's time to make money again, they can just go to a different supplier. Who cares what happens to the supplier before, you know? So they will always so long as the legislation doesn't change they will always not be legally culpable for any of these issues. I think it's also very very important to note that a lot of luxury conglomerates hold a lot of political power. You have to think that a lot of these luxury conglomerates employ so many people. They're responsible for a lot of income that comes into a country. They're responsible for a lot of the trade that happens in a country. So because of like the economic importance of a lot of these conglomerates, they have a lot of political power where governments sometimes are a bit scared to punish them for anything because they're scared that the kickback could be that they move production elsewhere. They move a lot of money elsewhere and that could really affect the local economy. Therefore, they just have so much leeway when it comes to legal things. And I think that's a big issue. I think that needs to change. You have to think it would be a political headache in a situation where less people have jobs. They're making less in tax revenue from these companies because I know that a lot of conglomerates, they evade tax. Obviously, they find very creative ways of not paying tax, but they can't really completely avoid tax cuz you need to remember that they still have to pay tax on behalf of their employees. So even if they're not paying their, you know, corporate tax, they're still paying tax on each employee. And that's a lot of income. If you think of the likes of LVMH, how many people they employ in France and Italy and stuff like that. Can you imagine if governments aren't receiving all the tax income from, you know, the incomes of these people? That's a lot of money. Like a lot of money. So it makes sense why these conglomerates can just do whatever they like in these countries. And to be honest, when I think of this issue, it's so many factors. It's not just even about, you know, fashion needs to be better. The quality needs to be better. These brands are cutting corners. Luxury has lost its luster. We're in a situation where a lot of these luxury brands charge insane prices, but the quality is going down. They cut corners at every point because their business model is predicated on them making more money every single quarter and increasing profits every single quarter. And when that's your business model, if you can use cheaper lining, you'll do it. If you can use cheaper leather, if you can use cheaper hardware, cheaper zips, cheaper, you know, any sort of element to the garment, if you can make it cheaper, and I think that it's leading to this overall destruction of fashion as a whole. I've made videos in the past that has talked about how fashion across the board, whether that's fast fashion, luxury fashion, all of it is a lot worse now than it was before, which is always insane to me because as human beings and as a society, we are supposed to be progressing. We're supposed to be moving forward. We're not supposed to be in a situation where things are getting worse. Technology is advancing. Why is garment quality going down? But it's because a lot of garment quality is predicated on slow processes. And unfortunately, in an economy where everything is about speed, everything is about pushing things to market as fast as possible, selling things as fast as possible, that doesn't really align with what is required to make garments to a very high standard. A good example, when you're processing a lot of factories, when they are processing the likes of cotton or any any sort of fabric, you have a choice to dry it the natural way. And if you dry it naturally, it will take a long time. However, the drying process will not damage the fibers. However, what you can do is blast these garments with loads of heat to dry them quickly in the treatment process. And that's a way that you can, you know, bring these fabrics to market a lot faster. But what does that heat do? It damages the fibers and it really taints the quality of the fabric. So this is a big reason why quality is going down. It's at every single point in time everything is all about profits and it's all about speed. And to address these issues, I feel like stricter legislation and enforcement mechanisms are so necessary. Governments really need to impose meaningful penalties on brands that violate labor laws. In the case of this Dior case, there should have been way more substantial fines. There should have been mandatory public reporting around what exactly they're doing to improve these processes. Yes, publicly they've said that they're making steps, whatever that means, to improve their, you know, labor violations and making sure that these don't happen with a lot of their manufacturing partners. But what does it actually mean? Let them show us publicly the exact steps they're taking to rectify these issues. It would also be amazing if brands had to disclose their auditing details like the details of the audits and exactly what happens with the audits. I think that would be a great step in you know pushing these brands to do the audits properly one and two for us to be able to scrutinize exactly how these audits take place and therefore they would almost be forced into doing it better. The process would be forced into being better because so many eyeballs would be on it. And of course, it would be great if they could also do more things when it comes to the supply chain. I remember years ago, we were talking about blockchain being used in fashion where you can really trace the origin of a garment. Luxury fashion's use of blockchain initially from my understanding was they wanted to use it more for authentification reasons so that you know what you've bought is original more so than you know them actually wanting to be transparent about their supply chain and stuff like that. But if it could be mandated that they have to use those kind of blockchains for the use of us being able to trace and to have good traceability of the origin of a garment. That would be fantastic. But once again, these things are way more complicated than it seems because like I've said, they have way too much lobbying power. They hire way too many people. They're responsible for so much money in the country that I just don't see how any sort of government would want to hold people accountable. I mean, for God's sake, when you looked at the inauguration of Trump, Bernardo was right there, right beside Trump. I mean, when he made the factory in Texas, he had great tax breaks that he was given via Trump. So, once again, these things are a lot harder to do in practice, but I'd love to know what you guys think. Of course, if you guys want more content and detailed content like my fashion book club that I have, you can subscribe to my Patreon or you can subscribe to the channel memberships. The link will be in the description below. But on that note, I'll see you guys in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @satanlucifer4437 [17 likes]: $2.3 million is equivalent to about selling 850 book totes...which actually cost Dior only about $50,000 in total to produce. Such a joke lol
  2. @orilocs [8 likes]: Hi friend, your Pretty Little Things video is comedy gold 😂
  3. @ChickenKormaGarlicNaan [5 likes]: Make it 23 million
  4. @notreallyhome [4 likes]: Shady Bernard Arnault in 2017 took full control of Dior using Hermes shares he wasn't supposed to have, the French government had stepped in prior as anything over 5% was lawfully required to be disclosed and was fined - Arnault then sold Dior to LVMH of which he's chairman, more complex but to sum up he's as shady as they come and has positioned his kids to take over LVMH after him + they own 75 brands yet underperformed Hermes and Dior has had a 50% price increase since 2020 and imo LVMH ruined Tiffany!
  5. @davidpachecogarcia [2 likes]: In the Patagonia book they talked about this very thing happening. They had to start conducting their own tests on the factories because they didn’t want to be on the business of making sustainable clothing in unethical ways.
  6. @KriticalThinker137 [2 likes]: We can make alternative choices, ask the US retailer Target
  7. @user-mv6wg1sw2r [2 likes]: Easy, Dont buy the product in the first place!  Its a bag, for keys, phone, wallet and lippy Babie girls.
  8. @Happinc [2 likes]: Omg only short change for Dior…🤯barely a drop in the bucket… just goes to show the criminal ethics of this brand.
  9. @Handbagholic [1 likes]: Really interesting thanks for sharing. Also - love the new camera!
  10. @vanshsoun1106 [1 likes]: I'm sick of these brands and many others of engaging in unethical business practices and not doing the decent thing by simply just paying their workers a fair wage and treating them like human beings. Luxury lost it's lusture a long time ago when MNC's acquired these brands. I'm 100% certain that if the founders of these brands were still alive they would be ashamed to see words like " violating labour laws, sweatshops, unsafe working conditions" being associated with their name. I know atleast I would be.
  11. @yoonytakeuchi [1 likes]: The luxury brand that embraces full transparency of labor will ultimately succeed. It's in poor taste not to
  12. @marieadriansen2925: The subcontractors of Dior had signed a charter with Dior that required them to comply with labor laws. It is entirely the subcontractor's fault, not Dior's.
  13. @theoldmule3619: Question. Where do you think Galliano has gone ? Has he left the industry?
  14. @megluvs9520: You should do a collaboration with Rhian Phin!! It’d be so cool to hear you both talk about capitalism / imperialism is deeply tied with the fashion industry.
  15. @IvanCota-vx7rf: guaranteed governments are not receiving the tax for the entire page wage paid to workers in these countries either. it's easy to pay them a base a mount for book keeping purposes and provide them other payments in cash with no paper trail. it makes me angry how scared they are to crack down on them.
  16. @rstrillacci: Can we stop with the disinformation? Book totes do not cost 57 EUR to produce this is stupid
  17. @Mezelenja: All this controversy,  corruption, and evil on display 24/7. Why does it constantly feel like the world is ending? 

Also damn ts hd as hell
  18. @Shortcoin-n6i: The blockchain would be awesome for fashion and useful!🥰
  19. @Haferstern: Dior hat gute und schlechte Seiten. Es interessiert mich nicht mehr.
  20. @managhurlish: 2.3 million in 5 years?
F*ck outta here Dior!

- Hoarders: Jo's Collectibles Hoard Is Worth LOTS of Money | A&E: Kind: captions Language: en My name is Jo. [music playing] I'm 72 years old, and I am retired. I see myself as a collector. My interest in collecting didn't start until after I married. Every time Edward would get a bonus we would buy an antique, and that was the beginning of collecting. I like my glassware. I love the blue and white. My mother told me that her father was a clock maker. So maybe that's where I got my love of clocks. I'm Ed, Jo's husband of 49 years. I was 25 years old when I moved in to that house and bought it. That house is part of me. It's part of Jo. JO: The house was not always like this. When the kids were growing up, we had no problems. I'm Sharon and I'm 52 years old, and Jo is my mom. When we were growing up, she was very much, to me, in control of it. It was quite different than it is now. [clock chime] ED: Jo's always collected. When we first got married, we didn't have a lot, and had a lot of bare walls, so the collecting didn't bother me. But as time went on, it didn't stop. The collecting got worse, and it wasn't collecting good things. By that time, it was just not throwing anything away, not even a bottle cap or magazine. It just all stayed, nothing was thrown away. JO: It accelerated mostly after the kids left home. I guess you call that empty nest syndrome. I started going to junk stores, I call them. It just escalated to where everything I bought, I wanted to keep. I'm Karen, I'm 52, and Jo is my mother. The part that really has bothered me is just how it has affected them, you know, that it makes them both seem so miserable. ED: You couldn't eat off the table because the table was full, it was never cleaned off. All of my space was taken up. In other words, I didn't have nothing left. I feel like I've been robbed of my retirement, I really do. My name is Geralin Thomas, I'm a certified professional organizer specializing in chronic disorganization. I think it would be best if you guys work together as a family on that porch. And the goal is really to clear away as much as we can, but don't do anything that makes you uncomfortable, or unhappy, or whatever. Easy enough? [inaudible chatter] We've got to get [inaudible]. JO: Today is the day that I have to make all my decisions. I know it's serious business. Right now, I'm extremely anxious. GERALIN THOMAS: Jo is taking a huge leap of faith here, trusting us. Are you getting annoyed? You know, she's just getting nervous that things are getting thrown away. I told her the other day that you can't be as miserable as she is and say that those things are what make you happy. Because truly, the happiness comes from the love in your life. ED: I love woodworking. I built me a shop in the backyard. Before I knew it, little by little, things started moving in there. Most of this is, like I said, stuff that I piled up. Uh, Basically, she's taken all of it over except for one corner. ED: Jo's not doing too well today. After all the things that happened yesterday, it caught up with her last night. I don't claim to need to be here right now. SHARON: My mom seemed to be very upset because of things that she thinks we've thrown away. She thinks everything's gone that she wanted to keep. I can guarantee you, we've not thrown any dishes away or donated any. GERALIN THOMAS: Good morning. JO: Good morning. I heard you're having a rough morning. A rough night, GERALIN THOMAS: OK. To go along with the morning. I want to hear what-- what's wrong. My mind is in a turmoil. JO: All I could do is lay there and think, I had this, and I had that, and I had that, but I haven't seen it. I'm Dr. William B. Lawson, I'm Professor and Chair of psychiatry at Howard University. This is a condition which has given her a sense of control, a sense of stability, and she indeed does have a strong compulsion in terms of maintaining and keeping what she has. These are my possessions. Right. Trash? No, it's sellable. Well, why don't we-- Are you sure? Yes, people buy Mason jars. With zinc lids. - Trash. That's trash. Trash. It's all trash. All right-- [bleep] What is it? It's a [bleep] possum. It's alive. [laughter] It's in there? Yes. Holy-- get that possum! I can't. Pick him up. Pick him up by the tail and keep it shaking! Yeah, perfect. Seriously. All right. I'm gonna go around behind you. JO: Excitement! There we go. [music continues] Yeah. I always had evidence that there was one here because they'd get in the fish food. What? Oh my goodness. Big as a little dog. He's bigger than [inaudible]. Handle it. OK. Now, give me some information. There's a typewriter in there? I think so. Yeah, we sold one like that just the other day and it should auction over $100. Any of your crystal bowls here, those are very sellable. Oh, this is Fire King mixing bowls, right? JO: Mm-hmm. I found a set of those selling for 250, 260. JO: Oh my gosh. - Get outta here. Really? - Yeah. ED: She's never sold anything. Never. She used to tell me all the time, well, this is worth money. And I said, yes Jo, but it's not worth money to me until the money's in the bank. Does it make you feel good thinking you're going to earn some money on these things? In a way, and in a way it's a little heartbreaking. And why is that? Bittersweet? - Bittersweet. - OK. Just the thought that I won't have it anymore. Uh-huh. But to be honest with you, I won't-- It's sort of like you're describing how-- like losing a friend. Well, maybe that is right. I have a collection of mugs from England. Well, now some of the beer mugs that I see up there on the wall are going to be average pieces. But it looks like you have some other pieces up there that would be very collectible to someone, and should sell quite high. Mm-hmm. Just walking around the house, I would estimate probably 10 to $20,000 worth of sellable collectibles. GERALIN THOMAS: This is interesting from the standpoint that Jo is a hoarder, but she truly has collectibles. So in most hoarding cases, the things that people hoard are absolutely of no value to someone else. Jo's things are very valuable. I showed Bob your cast iron doorstops and I think he should tell you what they're worth. The top accepting doorstop closing price, $1,690 for a duck decoy doorstop. So most of these doorstops that you've collected are extremely expensive. Isn't that exciting? It's exciting. GERALIN THOMAS: I'm not sure what motivates Jo. It's not monetary, it's not more space in her home. I'm not sure what we can use to motivate her. Unbelievable. I have a shop again. Spent a lot of time out here at one time. I didn't think I'd ever be able to use it again. It makes me feel good. Thank you, thank you. I'm happy. I'm happy for me too. They did good! JO: I will try my best never to do that again. GERALIN THOMAS: I think the best plan for Jo would be for her and Edward to seek some therapy together, and then Jo to get therapy on her own. WILLIAM B. LAWSON: This is not something that's going to go away immediately. I think we're going to require ongoing counseling, psychotherapy, and perhaps medication. GERALIN THOMAS: I came here extremely optimistic, but she has already started talking about going shopping but not buying things. That's not a good sign. I'm not optimistic about her progress.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AETV [57 likes]: Tune in to Hoarders, Mondays at 8/7c on A&E, and stay up to date on all of A&E's premieres at http://aetv.com/schedule.
  2. @1000yearsdungeon [1 likes]: Could a strategy be taking photos of what she decides to sell and keep it all in a scrapbook she can view anytime?
  3. @leandervr: 0:26 "I'm 72 years old, and I am retired" Why is she pronouncing it like she's calling herself a slur ☠
  4. @thumbs-down-squad: Not really, my hoard is worth much more than their junk. If it's not new or restored, then it's junk. Just my opinion.
  5. @jerveneyong1788: So much dust my god. And she is breathing it every single day.
  6. @millythemidwife: I wonder how many billionaires have hoarding disorder…
  7. @RARAunplays: She collects Annabelle doll 😬
  8. @Zeepjeliefs: The possum is too cute. 😊
  9. @connieweintz5713: Disturbing. Filth.
  10. @purplemicrodot58: As a collector I'm a tiny bit apprehensive calling this one a hoard.  However, I do have rules the main one being that I'll never collect more than I can keep dusted and clean.  Maybe that's the distinction.
  11. @SueHay-q1b: Some of her stuff is valuable. The crocks and clocks alone are worth thousands
  12. @miss_bhello7925: I wonder if what motivates her could be having a sense of worth. 
I wonder if after her kids moved out, she didn't feel as needed or important, so she tried to compliment her life with valuable objects instead of realizing she and her life still had worth.
So I think to her, selling those things would mean her life is empty and she wouldn't have an identity. 
She has plenty to live for besides things...
I hope she knows the Lord, and realizes she still has family and purpose.
  13. @coolvideos365: Absolutely fabulous collection. Great eye Jo! Would love to watch a longer show where they do a deeper dive into this collection and go into more details about the most interesting pieces Antiques Roadshow style.
  14. @aliciasavage6801: Thats the type of "horder". Iam, but I actually do sell some of the items
  15. @amygoff4127: I did not have anyone to help me with my mother, she was an organized horder , i had to rip the bandaid off with her, it was painful for both of us 😢 my husband has a bit of the same condition not nearly  as bad but much messier and its a bit harder to deal with.
  16. @deliatellez4247: El esposo tambien acumulo grasa 😢😢😢
  17. @talltrees358: Sad way to live.
  18. @kingpest13: I see a lot of horder shows where the people throw valuable stuff away. I worked at an auction house and have dealt with collectables. She needs someone who will put it all on eBay. She could actually do some flea markets.
  19. @blenz25: People like buying things, not having things.
  20. @DeborahLynch-o4b: “Catch that possum!!! The possum collection belongs in the back bedroom!!?”

- Breaking down the psychology behind hoarding: Kind: captions Language: en >>> WELCOME BACK. MANY OF US KNOW WHAT HOARDING IS , BUT WHAT DO WE REALLY KNOW ABOUT WHY IT HAPPENS? >> WE ARE GETTING A CLOSER LOOK AT THE DISEASE FROM THE INSIDE. THESE ARE IMAGES. HERE YOU CAN SEE ITEMS STACKED OF COVERING THE FLOOR. THERE IS NO CLEAR WAY THROUGH. IN THIS BEDROOM, YOU CAN SEE BELONGINGS STACKED ON DRESSERS, NEARLY ENOUGH TO COVER AN ENTIRE BED. >> DON INVITED US INTO HER MINNEAPOLIS HOME CREATING A PATHWAY FOR US TO ENTER. >> HOW DO YOU THROW THAT IN THE TRASH? >> SHE WANTS TO OPEN THE DOOR TO ALLOW PEOPLE TO BETTER UNDERSTAND PEOPLE WHO HOARD. >> I HAVE BEEN BATTLING ISSUES WITH ORGANIZATION AND CLUTTER. >> SHE SHARED SHE WAS BORN INTO TRAUMA AND HAS BATTLED EXTREME ANXIETY AND DEPRESSION. >> THAT IS QUITE A JOY TO HAVE. >> SHE CARES ABOUT HER BELONGINGS. >> I FELT LIKE I NEEDED TO BE THE PERSONAL HISTORIAN OF ME. HOW WILL THE WORLD EVER KNOW THAT I WAS HERE? >> THIS IS A BETTER HOME SPACE AND WHERE IT HAS BEEN. >> THE PILE ON THE TABLE OF PAPER IN SUCH WAS FAR, FAR HIGHER. >> YOU HAD MORE HERE WHEN YOU HIRE THE PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZER? >> YES. >> DURING THE PANDEMIC, SHE WAS FORCED TO WORK FROM HOME AND GREW EVEN MORE ISOLATED AND ONSET IT ONLY ADDED TO HER CONDITION AND CAUSED HER TO BUY MORE. >> I DEVELOPED AN OBSESSION WITH BUYING BARBIE THINGS DURING COVID AS A SURVIVAL MECHANISM. I TAKE YOUR PICTURES AND I PUT THEM IN A LITTLE SCENARIO. THEY BECAME MY FAMILY DURING THE PANDEMIC. BECAUSE I HAD NO ONE TO TURN TO. >> WHEN YOU LOOK AT YOUR HOME RIGHT NOW, WHAT YOU SEE? >> I SEE A PRISON. I BECOME PARALYZED WITH PICKING UP AND SORTING OUT WHAT TO DO. >> THERAPIST SAY THERE ISN'T A QUICK FIX, IF YOU WILL, FOR HOARDING. >> IT IS A LEGITIMATE MENTAL ILLNESS. WE HAVE TO TREAT IT AS SUCH. >> HE IS THE CRITICAL SITE DIRECTOR AND WHO GO. >> A LOT OF TIMES WITH HOARDING, YOU ARE ALSO GOING TO SEE DEPRESSION, ANXIETY, SOMETIMES A CITY. >> HE EXPLAINS THAT SOMETIMES PEOPLE WILL HANG ONTO THEIR ITEMS AS A WAY TO MANAGE TRAUMA OR THE BEHAVIOR CAN BE NORMALIZED BY A FAMILY MEMBER WHO COURTS. THERE ARE OTHER REASONS. >> ANOTHER BIG ONE THAT WE ARE SEEING ARE PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN THROUGH GRIEF AND LOSS. PARTICULARLY WHAT WE CALL UNRECOGNIZED BOSS. AS LONG AS THE SOCIETY DOESN'T KNOWLEDGE. LOSS OF JOB. LOSS OF STATUS. >> DURING THE PANDEMIC, ISOLATION AND AVOIDANCE EXACERBATED THE ISSUE. CRANDALL SAYS THAT FAMILY MEMBERS CAN HELP. ALTHOUGH HE CAUTIONS AGAINST A CLEANOUT SAYING THAT IT COULD CAUSE PEOPLE TO SHUT DOWN. HE INSTEAD SUGGESTS BEING SUPPORTIVE. >> BEING SUPPORTIVE AND HAVING AN OPEN-DOOR TO YOUR LOVED ONES. >> IF THE PERSON CAN GET RID OF IT, THEY WOULD. >> SOME PEOPLE ARE FORCED TO MANAGE THEIR BELONGINGS AS SAFETY FACTORS INTO HOARDING. JOE FIELDS CALLS, TYPICALLY FROM FIRST RESPONDERS. >> THE REPORT AND WE WILL GET THAT CALL AND WE WILL SEE FOR OURSELVES. >> THEY HAVE THE ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY TO ORDER PEOPLE TO CLEAN UP, BUT SAYS THAT HE TAKES A COMPASSIONATE APPROACH. >> I FIND A BETTER TO WORK WITH THEM AND TO HAVE THEM UNDERSTAND WHY AND WANT THEM TO CLEAN THE HOUSE. PEOPLE'S TREASURES THAT THEY HAVE SAVED FOR WHATEVER REASON. THIS IS THE ENTRY. >> HE SHOWED US BEFORE AND AFTER PHOTOS OF HOMES, POINTING OUT WHERE THE HOMES STARTED AND THE IMPROVEMENTS MADE. >> A LOT OF CASES, HUGE TRANSFORMATION. >> STATISTICS SHOW HOARDING IMPACTS 2 TO 5% OF THE POPULATION IN VARYING DEGREES OR ONE AND 20 TO 50 PEOPLE. IT CAN OCCUR TO ANY AGE. DON HAS TAKEN STEPS ON HER OWN TO TAKE CONTROL OF HER HOME, HIRING A PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZER. >> ONE OF THE BIG GOALS IS TO MAKE SURE THAT THERE IS ENOUGH SPACE FOR EMERGENCY CREWS TO BE ABLE TO GET IN IF SOMETHING HAPPENS TO ME. >> SHE CONTINUES TO WORK ON HER CLUTTER AND HOPES BY TALKING ABOUT IT, IT WILL HELP PEOPLE REALIZE THEY ARE NOT IN THIS ALONE. >> IS NOT A CHOICE. IT IS NOT SOMETHING TO BE ASHAMED OF. >> WE THANK DON FOR BEING SO OPEN WITH US. THE MINNESOTA HOARDING TASK FORCE OFFERS RESOURCES ONLINE. IT IS COMPRISED OF PEOPLE WHO WORK WITH PEOPLE WHO HOARD AND YOU CAN HEAD TO WCCO.COM/LINKS TO LEARN MORE AND WE ARE JOINT BY WAY TO TALK MORE ABOUT THE SCIENCE OF HOARDING AND HOW YOU CAN HELP LOVED ONES. HE IS A CLINICAL SITE DIRECTOR IN HUGO AND A MEMBER OF THE HOARDING TASK FORCE. THANK YOU FOR BEING WITH US. >> THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME. >> WE KNOW THERE ARE DIFFERENT LEVELS OF HOARDING. CAN YOU TALK A BIT ABOUT THEM? >> LEVEL ONE HOARDING IS WHAT MOST PEOPLE HALF. SOME CLUTTER HERE AND THERE. LEVEL TWO IS MILD TO MODERATE LEVEL THREE IS MORE SOLIDLY MODERATE AND FOUR AND FIVE WILL BE THE MOST OF YOUR LEVELS. THIS IS WHERE YOU ARE GOING TO HAVE A LOT OF THINGS STACKED UP IN BIG PILES TO THE POINT THEY CAN'T OPEN THE DOORS VERY WELL. SOMETIMES YOU WILL HAVE BIO HAZARDS LIKE ROTTING FOOD OR MY STRING AROUND BECAUSE IT IS SO -- HAS SOME OF THAT STUFF IN THERE. >> I KNOW WE HAVE PICTURES OF LEVELS. WHAT LEVELS WE HAVE PITCHERS OF? DO YOU KNOW? WE HAVE PHOTOS THAT WE WANTED TO CALL BUT MANY PEOPLE FALL INTO THE FIRST CATEGORY. I, PERSONALLY, COME FROM A LONG LINE OF SAVERS. I GUESS I WOULDN'T USE THE WORD HOARDING BUT WE HAVE THE TENDENCY TO HOLD ONTO THINGS THAT I'M VERY NOSTALGIC ABOUT RANDOM THINGS THAT I KNOW I WILL NEVER LOOK AT AGAIN. WHEN DOES IT BECOME A CONCERN? >> THAT'S A REALLY GOOD QUESTION. I MEAN, IT REALLY BECOMES A CONCERN WHEN IT MESSES WITH YOUR FUNCTIONING. YOU CAN GET IN AND OUT OF YOUR HOUSE, YOUR SOCIAL LIFE IS BEING DIMINISHED BECAUSE YOU ARE SO EMBARRASSED ABOUT YOUR PLACE. >> THAT COULD BE SUBTLE. NOT TO CUT YOU OFF, BUT IT COULD BE SUBTLE. MY HUSBAND IS NEVER IN SHAPE ANYMORE. I COULD SEE THAT BEING A SUBTLE CHANGE FOR SOME PEOPLE. >> ABSOLUTELY. IT CAN BE A SLIPPERY SLOPE SOMETIMES. >> I WATCH SOME OF THOSE TV SHOWS ON HOARDING AND THAT THERE IS OFTEN A CONTENTIOUS OR STRAINED RELATIONSHIP WITH FAMILY MEMBERS WHO MAYBE WANT TO SEE THAT CHANGE BUT THEY HAVE LOST PATIENCE. WHAT IS THE BEST THAT FOR A LOVED ONE TO TRY AND INTERVENE AND GUIDE THE PERSON TO GETTING HELP? >> WHAT I WOULD SAY, JUST BE THAT OPEN DOOR TO THEM. WE CAN'T FORCE PEOPLE TO CHANGE. YOU NOW, WHAT I WOULD SAY IS, BE EMPATHETIC. CALMLY EXPRESS YOUR CONCERNS AND THEN SAID, WHEN YOU ARE HERE TO TACKLE THIS, I'M HERE TO HELP YOU. >> IT SOUNDS LIKE THERE ARE THINGS THAT COULD HURT. THOSE ARE HELPFUL THINGS BUT THERE ARE ALSO THINGS THAT COULD BE HARMFUL. >> ONE OF THE THINGS THAT COULD BE HARMFUL, JUST CLEAN IT UP, AGAIN, LIKE I SAID BEFORE. IF THEY COULD, THEY WOULD. THEY HAVE TO WORK ON THAT. SECONDLY, I WANT TO OFFER THEM A STORAGE UNIT IMMEDIATELY BECAUSE THAT SHIFT THE PROBLEM FROM THE HOUSE TO THE STORAGE UNIT. IT IS A BAND-AID. THEY WILL BRING IN MORE ITEMS. DON'T TRY TO COERCE THEM INTO A FORCED CLEANOUT BECAUSE THAT IS GOING TO BE A TRAUMA EVEN FOR THEM BECAUSE THEY BASICALLY

  Top Comments:
  1. @factchseck [1 likes]: Easy said than done to be just saying "If you need help in cleaning let me know". They never possibly will. And no one will visit your home..on top of that your life is messed up if your have horder in your home. Give me a solution that works.
  2. @ksho8196 [1 likes]: Just move out and let them hoard. They prefer their stuff to you.
  3. @zinitagurung7548: If this kind of man, there is five years old child and wife don't like to leaving this what should women do, my husband is hoarder and he don't like to i clean even 😢
  4. @theproductivehoarder7945: Speaking as a hoarder myself, NEVER force a cleanup! Never throw out anything without their permission. Never coerce the hoarder to donate or get rid of things. About 10+ years ago I donated my favorite shirt. All these years later I still regret it and think about that shirt several times a week. 

I recommend the YouTube channel Space Maker Method. Now that's the right way to declutter. Decluttering takes multiple passes and it's always best to start small and build yourself up to be able to declutter more as you progress.

Speaking for myself, I think ADHD plays a part in my situation because my mind is constantly active and I have trouble concentrating. Instead of focusing on one spot at a time, I'm always moving from one area to another, which makes it seem like I'm not getting anything done. I've been trying to do one container or shelf at a time.

Having multiple generations of "pack rats" doesn't help, either. My grandma was part of the generation from the Great Depression, which meant they found ways to use everything, so everything was saved, just in case it was needed later. In this case, hoarding is a learned behavior from previous generations. It doesn't help the current economic situation is ever worse than it was in the 1930s Great Depression era, so people have to be creative yet again when it comes to surviving.
  5. @Anne-gs7tr: The vocal fry in this ☠️
  6. @Iquey: I think it's also neurological..they need support and a judgement free consistency to help them find a way out do the mental prison , because a lot of it is either trauma and/or mental rigidity.
  7. @sandythomas6133: My life long friend hoards. For years. We are older now and the home is dangerous. She is totally alone. And she Refuses Any offers of help - of Any kind.  Each person who has passed before her made the piles worse and worse and worse. It's awful to see my friend like this. She would never listen to anyone all these years. I think she is filling up the empty space. And she is ashamed but doesn't care either. It doesn't bother her. She thinks it is all very valuable. Blue jeans from 1970. Emergency services would truly struggle getting her out of the bedroom. It is a terrible condition.
  8. @lozhunter9575: I got offered help, got lectured shouted at, ignored, it was horrendous two nights I cried myself to sleep, got told it was all cheap crap, instance £100 brand new bird cage, might get a £5 for it, mitre saw complete worth £5 so they trashed it.  I felt dirty and disgusted with myself, I cant shop even for food right now, all the stuff I spent 6 weeks putting into boxes to go, she made me go through it all again by I then wanted to keep it all as I opened all boxes, it stands there now, I was removing a bag a day to the charity shop, it is not rubbish its all good stuff art supplies four bags full.  One room the plan to make it a bedroom, nope it is full of boxes stacked higher than me - I didnt put there.  Help with shelves to put things on never got put up, just stacked back in the dining room doorway, Help with hoarding is a delicate thing.  I am left in a worse mess than when I started.
  9. @anthonyenos2835: Be willing to let it all go.I dealt with my father's estate it was a freaking nightmare,focus on Jesus.
  10. @janjbowman: I live with a hoarder who insists he’s not a hoarder . I can’t take it any more . I’m tired of the constant fights with this man . I want out .
  11. @susiek2834: They won't know you and what they will know will be negative. Every hoarder I know is mean and narcissistic.
  12. @christhompson3096: Kinda funny that you never gave some disclaimers about phases 2-3.
  13. @Linusrox123: It's about loss. But there is also a brain difference in hoarders. MRI's show the anterior cingulate gyrus, the seat of decision making, to fire irregularly in hoarders. Perfectionism also involved
  14. @winterroses2020: The vocal fry is so hard to listen to
  15. @hoarderful: Wow heartbreaking
  16. @lucielopez7809: This also goes to show how irresponsible people are with their finances by spending alot of money on things they "DO NOT NEED" its all in the mindset..My necessities is First before Ant "wants" thats just ridiculous
  17. @lucielopez7809: My mom was a hoarder and was not very clean so i grew up with dealing with alot of her issues..i used to fight with her about it. It traumatized me and once i.moved out, i REFUSED TO ALLOW THOSE HABITS. I CAN NEVER ALLOW THAT
  18. @lucielopez7809: I live alone and i DO NOT HOARD..I THROW THINGS AWAY..I STILL HAVE THINGS TO GET RID OF BUT EVERYTHING IS IN THEIR PLACE
  19. @lucielopez7809: Its various factors..theres no organization and i believe its connected with depression.  I still dont understand that whole thing but i dont always agree with the therapist versions..we all have been through trauma but living that way is A CHOICE..ITS ALWAYS CHOICE. THE DRS WILL ALWAYS FIND A TITLE FOR THESE ISSUES SO THEY CAN GIVE SCRIPTS FOR MORE PHARMACEUTICALS COMPANIES TO MAKE MONEY ON
  20. @vscollector: Omg I did the same thing during the pandemic! @mybarbiefetish

- Hobby or hoarding: The psychology behind the drive to collect: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] my name is Paul neelson and I collect kiss merchandise so kiss collecting for me started when I was around about 6 years old back in 1979 1980 when the kiss were huge in Australia I didn't set out to be a collector it just sort of happened it's probably the safest way to do it hello my name is lesz Walsh and I'm a collector of antique sewing machines my wife wife and I had a sewing machine dealership and we wanted to have an antique sewing machine to display uh in the shop along with our new machines we started off with one sewing machine and now I have about 150 all that and this is all hand painted there's a whole area of psychology that's dedicated to this among the things we think are important are probably it gives people a goal to pursue kind of a pursuit of some sort of meaning um it might also be a way of connecting to other people other collectors and the people who are associated with the objects you're collecting celebrities or historical figures PR of this coming so there's some kiss DNA in there when you're a DieHard fan of a band sometimes the records of the music just aren't enough these kiss cards were all the rage they got banned at our school because kids were trading them during class time the Headmaster come over the speaker one day and said from this day onwards kiss cards are banned at carage Young State School collecting is addictive to every collector you're just uh Keen to know what your next finder is going to be it can give you a bit of cudos so you get respect for the collection that you've got and one that's linked to that which I think is becoming more and more prevalent is your collection can actually be worth something it's almost like a sort of fun version of a super annuation scheme this is a machine I bought on eBay one time not knowing very much about it and when I got it I found that it was the only one of its type in the world since then another two have turned up but uh just means that there's only three of them in the world so it's still pretty rare so this was the display box so most of the time the shops would just throw them out at the end of the Daye and 39 years later it's probably worth $600 $700 if I was to sell it the bubble gum don't recommend you trying to eat that today my collection uh stems back to a lot of childhood memories so there's a lot of items here I look at and think wow I actually remember being excited getting this or you know and it's just sentimental I guess and I'm very sentimental person I love that side of collecting I think mostly it becomes an issue when it becomes a problem forer people if you ask someone why you collecting these things and they can't answer you they just don't know why then that might be an indication that that person might not be a hobbyist anymore they might just be a hoarder and that actually they might not have a collection they may just have clutter why do I do it God the investigating of rear machines is um quite intriguing it gives you an interest uh to have people from Switzerland or USA uh talking with you over just a little piece of uh cast iron the collection for me is all about the music and not a way of life but some people get stuck into or trapped into when they're massive fans of anything

  Top Comments:
  1. @SpringNotes [31 likes]: The man with the antique sewing machine collection, basically has a museum.
  2. @Cesko_Plny_Fialovejch_Zmrdu [23 likes]: I'm collecting because some people artificially rises the prices of said things and I'm afraid i won't be able to aford them later.
  3. @WilliamBurton-1980 [21 likes]: I've collected coins, hotwheels, star wars toys, micronauts, books, tapes and cds, and watches... because it's fun.
  4. @Dan-gw3cu [18 likes]: I collect things that were part of my childhood.
  5. @mrhoffame [12 likes]: A lot of good points here.  One that I would add is that I feel like my collecting (vinyl records) is way of allowing the intangible parts of my spirit to actually manifest itself in the actual, real world.  When people walk into my music room and the eyes light up, and you get all the wows, this is insane, etc....they are literally connecting and celebrating a part of me that I couldn't just "share" with words.  It literally is a way of drawing people into your world/ mind/soul WITH you.
  6. @patrickmcdaniel8123 [10 likes]: It's simple. Some people are minimalists some people [me] are maximist . The guy who said it was about discovering the next unique piece hit the nail on the head. It is a rush to discover a rare example of what you collect! My collection was average until covid. Now my collection is worth TWICE what I paid for it.                                                  
                                           Put that in your clean uncluttered room.
  7. @virtuosyc [9 likes]: I think it's sometimes sad that certain things end up being more valuable just as collectible decorations instead of finding use. Aside from outdated vintage stuff, there are always things like clothes or instruments which end up just collecting dust. I get it, it's history, and you don't want it to break, that's why people wouldn't play with their most expensive trading cards, but what's the point of it? People like this guy in the video basically have their private museum, which is cool and all for preserving history, but it's also kinda sad to see how much stuff there really is. Materialism is getting out of hand.
  8. @ZeldasMask [6 likes]: I collect but I sell what I fall out of love with that way it never gets too big
  9. @NS-lz6jh [5 likes]: My 12 years of collecting retro 80s action figures and comics has reached level 3 horder status. I ran out of space and still I buy new stuff.  It's reached a point where alot needs to be sold.  But for me it's a nice feeling having them around. Empty space makes me want to put something there for some reason
  10. @yadontnomi [5 likes]: I see videos like this and I’m like.. “oh! That’s where they all went…” 🤷‍♀️
  11. @millaray9912 [1 likes]: I don’t think collecting is inherently hoarding, but it can become hoarding. And some people can’t tell the difference. I’m a collector myself. I put quite a bit of thought into how much money and space I want to devote to my collection.
  12. @simplewelshman [1 likes]: Books are my downfall, I tell myself it's educational...
  13. @venomtang [1 likes]: This didnt help me at all, i need HELP, crap!
  14. @simonshura9144 [1 likes]: Now add videogame cosmetics to the mix 😂 were basically doomend lol
  15. @gemrora19: What if it impedes with your finances, family, and daily living? Is it still worth it? Just asking a question as a family member who is affected by something like this. 😢
  16. @bruneydamekanic6151: I collect cause I’m a car enthusiast
  17. @maheshkakarla3501: I have been collecting all sorts of things like stamps, coins, currency, first day covers, vinyl records, table lamp, books, war equipment, postcard, maps and many more but struggling what to do with them now.
  18. @dickriggles942: I'm against collecting. It's just hoarding and it never pays off. I think once you reach 40 and realize everything you collected never was worth anything makes you realize it's a waste of time and it just makes your home unlivable. Home is a place to live and relax. If stuff starts piling up, it's becoming a problem. Generally, collecting never pays off I would even argue that it's an activity for low IQ people. It really is.
  19. @benhall8946: I collect 96 to 2000 honda civics and the worst thing to tell me is your gonna scrap the car
  20. @mateosdelgado2745: kognity

- Luxury Hoarding? Or Luxury Collecting?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi everyone I'm Meredith and welcome to my channel if you're new here I'm so excited that you found me and if you're returning I'm so grateful you've decided to come back and watch more I love all things luxury I love luxury shoes I luxury handbags luxury lifestyle and vlogging and if they things that appeal to you I hope you'll do me a massive favor and hit that subscribe button down below hitting that subscribe button costs you absolutely nothing and means so much to me so I hope you'll help me out today I wanted to do a video around collecting versus hoarding so I love being on YouTube I've really enjoyed my Journey on YouTube to date um and I have this fabulous tribe of amazing people around me who have like who are like-minded who have collections also and um we really enjoy each other as people so most certainly um YouTube has given me that and I am incredibly grateful for it with that and putting your life out on the internet you often have people who want to tell you that what you are doing is wrong or they want to nitpick about things and I have a whole range of things that people like to tell me about myself they like to tell me that I must be mentally unwell to have this many things they like to point out that no one can use everything that I have they like to tell me that no one could afford everything I have um so I've got I've got you know few people out there who like to tell me I'm doing the wrong thing and that's fine I knew going into YouTube that it wasn't going to be all picnics and rainbows that people were going to have opinions and they were going to feel like they could express those opinions based on the Snippets of my life that they see here that I put out um without actually knowing me and that's all fine but the one I get most often is that people like to call me a hoarder high-end hoarder a luxury hoarder or hoarder in general and I maintain that I am a collector so I thought I thought I'd do a video around the difference between a hoarder and a collector and actually talk to you guys at length about why I am a collector and not a hoarder and the difference between those two things so that there might be some education out there on this um and the amount of money someone spends on something doesn't make it any less of a collection than anything else so I feel like a lot of the time the Judgment comes from the amount of money I'm spending but they're not seeing the big picture so let's start with some definitions of hoarder versus collector so the NHS um which is you know then medical it's it's the hospital system for the UK so they say a hoarding disorder is where someone acquires an excessive number of items and stores them in a chaotic manner usually resulting in unmanageable amounts of clutter that's what they Define as a hoarding Disorder so as opposed to what a um collector is so I asked the internet I asked Google what is the difference between a hoarder and a collector so I've been taken to a hoarders website that specializes in hoarders and this is the difference collectors will generally have a designated area to store and display their things Hoarders on the other hand can block off entire rooms of their house with the size of their collection causing them to be anywhere from unsafe to completely unusable so that's the difference between a collector and a hoarder and I've also got a definition on compulsive hoarding so a persistent difficulty discarding or parting with possessions because of a perceived need to save them so that's what compulsive hoarding is so on these definitions alone I will say with absolute certainty that I'm not a hoarder I am a collector if you have watched my bag room tour and I will link it down below in case you have not my collection is incredibly organized when you walk into my room everything has a place everything is stored in a very specific way right down to the slgs and the shoes I don't have enough shoe racks in the moment and I've got some shoes on the floor floor and that is driving me insane I need more shax and I know it but it drives me insane that that is not organized every bag in my room every scarf on a hanger every coat on a coat hanger every shoe every SLG has a place in my room so it is not hoarding based on that alone because my collection is organized because my collection means so much to me I take care of it in the environment in which it is stored it is a collection it is not hoarding if I were hoarding things would be everywhere there would be no Rhyme or Reason and hoarders tend to not stick to a category hoarders will hoard pretty much anything really so they will see they will pick up a newspaper and they will not be able to throw that newspaper out that newspaper doesn't have any emotional attachment to them it's not important to them but they have an disorder that doesn't allow them to be able to part with that newspaper even though it means nothing to them um they need to keep it they keep Lolly rappers they keep everything because their disorder doesn't allow them to distinguish usable items from items that um they don't need anymore they need to keep everything they find it very difficult to part with anything whatsoever and the meere throwing out of that newspaper causes them huge distress that's what hoarding is I have had several Vlog sales on this channel I'm about to have a huge Vlog sale on this channel um to move some of my collection out because my lifestyle is changing I no longer have children who need as much as they used to I don't need to carry as much as I used to my tastes are evolving and changing I've bought a lot of Exotics and higher end handbags recently so a lot of my lower piece I'm starting to make peace with the fact that I don't need them in my collection anymore and I'm pinpointing I'm talking like I I'm talking like I could honestly move on maybe 30 or 40 handbags from my collection now I have a collection of over 400 handbags so that's certainly not going to leave me with you know A small collection but for me to get to that point in my life where I'm like it's time to move pieces on because I would be to keep them at this point it would be hoarding I know that I'm not going to use them I know that they don't have huge emotional s uh attachment for me they're not hugely sentimental um a lot of them were usable at the time I bought them cuz I was still cting around small children I needed hands-free bags I needed bags that carried a lot I needed um bags that were more functional I'm moving into a different phase of my life and it's time to make some hard decisions um well they hard for me about what what direction I want my collection to go in because it is a collection because I am ready to move it on because I can make those decisions where I go okay it's time I don't need this anymore I can sell it find it a new home and I'm okay with that um it does take a lot for me to get to that point because I do feel this this need to keep my collection together but the fact that I'm rational enough to make these decisions where I will think about it for a while and go okay my collection no longer needs to be what it used to be I am okay with going through and pulling out those pieces that I know don't hold huge emotional attachment to me I know that I no longer need um for usability purposes and it's time for them to find a new home and that allows my collection to continue to evolve and I can bring in new pieces that meet the current requirements for my collection which is at the moment seems to be holy of Exotics um and higher end pieces so EV evolution is not bad evolution is incredibly important and it's important as a person to evolve and your tastes evolve now I know I and it's also a double-edged sword for me so I get caught a hoarder if I keep all these things but as soon as I sell them off people will go oh now you're selling them off you just bought them to unbox them so there is no winning there is never any winning in YouTube land you can't win you you just have to do you and hope that the majority of your audience sees you for who you are um and you just the the others in the background the ones who make the nasty comments they should just be white noise um and I will admit at the moment I'm having a harder time with the white noise because my mental health is not in a great spot at the moment I've got I've got a lot going on in my personal life um especially at work and I'm finding the White Noise isn't white noise it's very loud in my head um so my mental health is not great at the moment which is probably why it's getting to me more than it usually would usually when when my when my mental health is solid I'm just like I don't care I don't care what people think um but when you're already having uh like you're already living in a dark hole it gets very hard to kind of just block that out so that's probably why this video is being made now because it's getting to me more than it usually would but I have been wanting to this video for a while cuz I think it's important to address the difference between hoarding and collecting because I it comes up so often on my channel so yeah I I don't believe I am a hoarder I often refer to myself as an emotional hoarder and someone's like well what's the difference you're an emotional hoard of it then you say you're a collector over here true so to to give you the dxer position for that so my collecting is very organized when I talk about being an emotional hoarder I have every single greeting card I have ever been given in my entire life and I'm 43 years old so I have Christmas cards that my classmates in kindergarten gave me they're sitting in my office in a in a box do I pull them out no are they highly organized absolutely not can I get rid of them no I can't let them go because they hold sentimental attachment to for me and I can't get like I can't throw them out I don't know why I just I can't bring myself to do it but I don't collect them and I don't love them enough to organize them so really that is ing on on a certain level but I only do it with things that I have an emotional um or sentimental attachment to every single card I've ever been given anytime I get flowers and it comes with a card anytime I get an invitation to an event um anytime anyone gives me anything that was that they didn't have to handw write it but it was it displayed a thought that they had of me like even if it was like Hey Meredith he some flowers happy birthday they thought of me in that moment so I keep it um I have a hard time letting go of my children's artwork and my kids are like seven of five those of you who have who are parents you get it like they went through daycare and preschool and how much artwork did they bring home like ridiculous amounts and I couldn't throw any of it out my husband had to do that for me he got these we had this huge tub of stuff and I just kept shoving things in there anytime they'd bring like they' quickly draw a picture they don't care about it anymore but I couldn't bring myself to throw it out so my husband basically took the tub out and said that's it we're done they are 5 and and seven you cannot continue to do this they will continue to bring home stuff till the end of school you can't keep it all so we're going to go through it and we're going to sit and look at it and then we're going to make decisions so he helped me color that because I couldn't do it on my own and now you know what I've got left it'ss in a very small tub but I couldn't bring myself to do that because I am an emotional hoarder and I am more than happy to admit that I have no problems admitting that I do hoorde things that hold sentimental attachment for me um is it healthy probably not um is it space consuming yes yes it is and my husband hates it when we move house and he has to move all my stuff he's like can we throw this out I'm like no no we can't like right down to I have a box in my um cupboard of letters my friends and I in school par between each other so like just random stuff for a while there we would sit in class and hand write letters on paper and then you'd fold them in a very specific way and You' hand them off to someone like between periods and they'd read it and the next one they'd write it back to you and I have a whole box of those just teenage ramblings about nothing and I can't bring myself to throw them out because they invoke those memories of high school for me and I'm sure if I sat down down with my friends now and read through them we'd all be horrified by what we wrote but they hold memories for me so I can't I can't throw them out there's no reason to keep them but I can't throw them out um my grandmother's China my husband's like can we use it no but we've got to keep it yeah but we can't use it no so why do we keep it cuz we do like that's and I understand that that's incredibly irrational I really do understand that um but that's my viice that that sentimental emotional attachment that's my viice that's where I hoard my collection is not that my collection is a true collection I love my collection I build my collection um I change my collection my collection evolves with me it is a collection it's not high-end hoarding they're very different things and if you want to call it high and hoarding then that's fine but it is not accurate in its description so I just I really wanted to make that distinction it is okay to have collections it's fine you should I encourage people to have collections I think it's a great way to spend your time I would highly encourage you to do something less expensive than my collection but collections are personal for people I remember the very first house I ever bought I walked into it um I was 25 years old I was buying a house my my parents came with me to look at it and we walked into this house and I loved it this woman had a um stuffed bear um like stuffed animal collection so I walked in and on the stairs on the way up to the Second Story there was a stuffed animal or a frog was there were they frogs on every single step and these were not wide stairs but that's where she had them all and then I walked into the very first um bedroom which was not the master it was like one of the smaller bedrooms I used it as an office when I moved in and it was Florida ceiling stuffed animals and that was her collection that's what brought her Joy now if you didn't if you had just met her on the street if you worked with her if like you were just someone who knew her in passing you probably had no idea what her collection was it it didn't form who she was as a person it wouldn't have skewed your understanding of her or your thought of her or her being a good person that's just what brought her joy and what she had in her house um and my mother was walking around going don't look at it it goes with her and it was very hard to see past the wall of bears but I could and I loved the house and when I moved in it looked very different and she took her collection that she loved with her but it didn't didn't change who she was as a person if you met me in the street um if you met me in my role that I do with my company if you met me outside of YouTube you would have no idea that I had this collection it doesn't form who I am to other people it only means something to me and that's okay people have collections of Lego and I have one of those as well um we have like there's people who collect stamps there's people that collect spoons there's people that collect Pokémon there's like there are there are people with crazy huge collections of things and for the most part those people to the everyday naked eye when they me when you meet them are completely normal they just there's something in their world that brings them joy and that's okay and they know their collection and they display their collection and their collection means something to them they are collectors they're not hoarders hoarders have a whole TV show built around them you want to see a hoarder I'm pretty sure America has a TV show called hoarders they're hoarders they're people who can't throw things out hoarders will hoard regardless of what it is what it costs what what it like it doesn't have emotional attachment they're just hoarders they just have stuff because they have a mental disorder that does not allow them to throw anything out collectors don't have that collectors can move things on collectors can move things in and out but I also make the point that collectors don't have um like something doesn't move from collecting to hoarding based on price price like people who like to say luxury hoarding or high-end hoarding like it's it's not like just because it costs a lot of money doesn't change what it is which is still collecting doesn't matter if you want to collect things that are 20 cents doesn't matter if you want to collect things that are worth you know a few hundred doar it doesn't matter if you collect things that are worth thousands of dollars people collect art art can go for millions of dollars so a collection is a collection is a collection a collector is a collector they're very it's very very different to hoarding so if you want to collect things go and collect things um you don't need an excuse to do it if something brings you Joy and you're and it brings you Joy in multiples like having multiples of something that's a collection a collection can be three things it can be 300 things there is there are no rules around collecting sometimes collections start because because somebody else starts it for you you get something from your grandmother and you go oh my goodness I love this butterfly Crystal thing and suddenly you've got 700 of them because your grandmother cottoned onto that and then the family got wind of it and now you've got butterflies for days you didn't mean that collection to happen but it happened for you which is probably different to the collection that you decided to do yourself um and I've had both those things I've had things that have run away from me um in my teenage years where I went oh I really love that and suddenly I have all of that um but this collection my collection my handbag collection this this is something that I chose to do and I continue to do I hope that I will always have it I hope that I will always be able to um have a collection that I love um and that will evolve with me as a person as I get older there are certainly pieces that I have that um are true collector's pieces for me that I see as true collector's pieces that I will never sell regardless of whether I choose to use them or not um they are collector's pieces but there are definitely pieces that I'm ready to go okay it it's time it's time to cull the herd so to speak and go my I have changed as a person my collection needs to change with me these pieces need to go and I will look at um bringing in other pieces instead um and because I'm evolving those pieces that I bring in might not be the Halls that you've seen previously because instead I'm buying higher end pieces I'm changing I'm human this is who I am and I am a collector so my collection changes with me I hope that's I hope this I hope this has really given people some clarity around the difference between hoarding and collecting and how I see my world and it is my opinion it is my world and I do see it through my own eyes so I appreciate that not everybody sees the world as I do I appreciate people have different circumstances and different ways at looking at things but at the most basic level when we look at the definitions of hoarding versus collecting I am a collector in this realm in this luxury realm I am a collector I am not a hoarder so I'm sorry if that disappoints some of you who like to throw that at me every now and again but the fact remains I am a collector and I want to be able to show my collection cuz I love it um and I really enjoy curating as much as I hate that word curating I do I have come to realize that what I am doing in by evolving and changing it and moving things out and bringing new things in is curating it it's not curating doesn't just need to be I'm going to thin it out or get rid of things curating can mean I'm choosing to lose things to bring in other things that now suit My Lifestyle so as much as I've always pushed back on the term curating yes yes I'm curating my collection and I think that's really going to be the theme around the second half of my year the unboxings will still be here my channel will still be the same but you might see some Evolution happening and some curating and there will be a big Vlog sale coming because there are some some bags that are ready to go I am ready to make some decisions around that and bring in new things instead so yeah I hope you I hope this video has been useful helpful entertaining um at the very least if you've liked today's video please give it a thumbs up and hit that subscribe button down below it means a lot to our content creator when you hit that subscribe button please also hit the little bell notification so you know when I upload videos which is usually twice a week I'll also throw up my Instagram handle for you so you can follow me over there I put Lots up in real time Lots around my collection and my day-to-day life so please come follow me over there I hope wherever you are in the world today you are having a fabulous day and I'll see you guys in the next one bye guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @End_of_Time_perhaps2027 [2 likes]: Meredith,
I haven't watched the video but scanned the comments and found them interesting.

I have thought generally about utubers displaying their valuables. The biblical story of the king who showed foreigners his possessions comes to mind often... consequently he had his eyes gouged out and his stuff taken.

I just read in devotions this morning... If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit. Let us not be desirous of vain glory, provoking one another, envying one another. Gal 5:26

Regardless of how many devotees one has, not all eyes feasting on utubers goods are well intentioned.

P.S. By the way, I did watch the episode of the wicker bag with a leather flap you purchased. I could hardly believe my ears when you said you didn't care what your husband thought you were getting it anyways. Ewwwwh wee!!! Doesn't that fly in the face of biblical instruction regarding husbands and wives?
  2. @christine_songbird7226 [1 likes]: I completely identify with your “emotional hoarding”, I am the same way.  Keep greeting cards, I keep playbills, still have old school assignments and some other stuff like that.  You’re not alone!  😊
  3. @sobe3328 [1 likes]: I love your collection and I appreciate you sharing it with us! Have an amazing Sunday!
  4. @melissalightstone [1 likes]: No need to explain. You do you!! Many enjoy as you have many, many subscribers. Thank you for sharing your collection ❤
  5. @BagBabesCoterie: That you even had to go into this kind of depth to define these terms just drills in how thoughtless some people are.
  6. @vanessaandricola314: I have kept all of my memories including a box of notes between High school  friends that are folded how you described!!!! I am moving and what has helped me purge my past is because I was able to show everything to my daughter and she is 20 years old.    She appreciated me sharing my past with her etc and we enjoyed every second going down my memory lane and I re read every note !!!    The experience of sharing with my daughter really helped me move them on which feels amazing to not have to still store them.    Maybe when your children are older and you can re live your past through their eyes , it may help you move on as well!!!   🩷
  7. @Leo_nora_things: Love that shirt Meredith 💚
  8. @pasitheathanatosasmr488: As an equally sentimental holder-onto-things, artist, and luxury lover, I think hoarding is a scale, from ultra minimalists with no furniture to overly hoarded houses with mountains of impossible to navigate trash. I’m somewhere dead center, because I vacillate from left to right depending on the season of my life. And that’s ok. ❤keep the high school notes, your grandkids will love to read them one day many many years from now❤
  9. @onthego6889: Oh Meredith, besides having great content, your strong and assured personality is so refreshing. Yes we all have challenges at different times in our life, business, personal, or emotional, but rising above all the noise and staying strong is what sets us apart. It is you and your mind set and your mind over matter is what ultimately prevails. We control our own “mental health”. We in our little brains have the power to choose everyday what and how we want to approach life. Life is not fair for anyone, we choose to be happy and we choose to be strong! Stay strong.
  10. @AF-gd7fh: I don't think there's anything wrong with you keeping every card you received. My Nan did the same and she did use to look at them every now and they when she was in her later years. It brought her a lot of happiness.
  11. @nada2excoo: When I look at you, I don't see a naive or a simple influencer, I see a strongheaded business woman, if I'm investing I would tust you with my money, so ignor the annoying comments and keept it on. But btw i think you could use some downsizing of your collection, just to be able to use them more.
  12. @growinginluxury: Hi Meredith, I’m truly sorry that you are going through a difficult time right now. I know how that feels. I hope that you can manage to get through this white noise until the time comes that you feel like you again.
  13. @llnut4775: I never have once thought you were a hoarder Meredith.  I never understand why people feel so free to insult people behind a keyboard, so emboldened!  Jealousy?  Maybe, miserable maybe… 🤔 I have about 12 luxury bags very small compared to you but I enjoy your channel with no jealousy in my heart.  I just don’t get people… keep your head up!
  14. @blackdragon482: This is a great video and I agree- not a hoarder (from a physician who knows the DSM-5 very well!) Ive watched many of your videos and I wonder if the external opinions occasionally stem from the emotional responses and word choices you use when you acquire certain pieces for example "melt down" to describe the vachetta that was changed on your cherry bucket, the emotional roller coaster when you acquired your Birkin with Dale when you missed the connection with the SA when your voice was shaking, or when you acquired your picnic, describing your shock resulting in not expressing your immediate gratitude to your SA etc. Of course, these emotions are normal and not reflective of hoarding, but perhaps people also forget that collectors do have emotional responses associated with the acquisition of something they've been wanting and the events and circumstances that surround it.
  15. @SFJRD12: I’ve only seen you collecting on YouTube never hoarding on Hoarders😂
My kids are in their 20s now and I still have their childhood artwork❤ It’s your money you spend it as you want! 🎉
  16. @xkikiki: Thanks for this video Meredith! You shouldn’t feel a need to explain but it was nonetheless very informative and very helpful 😊 people who are writing mean comments are the ones that are most uncomfortable or unhappy with their own life IMO 😅 BUT as somebody with mental health issues too depression etc I get the white noise comment you made, I find negative energy and feedback difficult when I’m not my best mentally too 😢😢😢 live your videos can’t wait to see more ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ KIKI
  17. @Dawnsrising06: I Completely Understand About The Noise.I Hope You Don't Allow Anyone To Make You Feel Bad About Yourself.I Deal With That By Blocking Those People Out Of My Life To Save Myself And Feel Better Mentally.I Am Sorry People Are So Mean But They Are Just Keep Away From Haters.Prayers For You 🙏
  18. @carlacameron4055: I have defended you a few times on YouTube to people who have called you a hoarder. That to me is so mean. I totally get where you are coming from. I have been a doll from since I was small. I am the type that will collect items for a while and then stop because i have moved on to something else. When I was small I collected stamps them coins, then black Barbie dolls and now designer bags. I only have small collections of these items because I don’t want to crowd my home. But they are still collections and I love them. With regards to Barbies and designer bags, I have slowed down and buy only special pieces. One thing I don’t do is sell my items. This is another reason I don’t buy as much.
  19. @iamduaneybee: Meredith dont worry about those people, its your money your rules.
  20. @ilianawoods4324: I enjoy your collection and you are not a hoarder. I am leaving vicariously through you. ❤

- The Woman With Over 50,000 Pieces of Clothing | Hoarders: Kind: captions Language: en Later, our SOS experts will head to Plymouth to help Carrie clear up and clear out the home she shares with her daughter, Emma. But first, we're in Bristol to meet 59-year-old ex vintage trader Jan and her flat full of furniture and fashion. So, this is my bedroom with this wonderful array of piles and piles and piles of clothes. Jan's passion for vintage has taken over every room in her one bed maze flat. Her kitchen, living room, and bedroom are full to the brim with clutter to the point where she has trouble locating things. Don't ask me where any of the corsets are because I don't have a clue. I'm struggling at the moment to find a memory stick, let alone corsets. And she has no privacy left. This is my Lou, which is in my bedroom. When people come to use my L, they see all my piles in all their glory and they can't even shut the door to go to the Lou properly. Jan needs help sorting this mess. I just want to come home and not think about, oh my god. Time to bring in our two experts. Curtis is an antiques guru with 25 years experience who's here to help Jan find things to sell. Nice palatial house. Marianne's job running an immaculate B&B means she can help Jan decide what to keep and clear out. Hello. Come here. Thank you very much. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Into the cool. Oh, yeah. I know. It's really hot. Would you like to come up and see my flat? Do you know what? I think we would. Come on then. I'm going to take you upstairs, Marian. Oh, well, I'm going to make a cup of tea then. I'm off. Well, Curtis makes a start downstairs. Well, I never an old typewriter. No one knows what they are anymore. Jan takes Marianne straight up to the worst room. That bedroom. Come on then, Jan. Show me what you got. Oh, everything. You name it, I've got it. For coats, dresses, skirts, bits of vintage, you name it. Labels on still. I know. Soon it'll be hitting the ceiling, coming out the roof. Once this is clear, the bedroom will appear three times bigger than it already is. I just think it's become overwhelming. Once upon a time, it didn't exist. Now it does. Life's got in the way. I've outgrown it. It's got to go. I've really struggled with it just because of time. And is it just a case of like you see something, you think it's a bargain, I'll buy it. I think there is a bit of that a little bit of retail therapy. I think the biggest challenge for Jan is she's still a little bit hesitant, but I think with me pushing her along the way, she'll get there. Jan's hoarding started over a decade ago. I think it probably started around about 2005. I became uh quite unwell. Um and a few years later it transpired that I had a benign tumor on my thyroid which I had removed. So I moved back up to Bristol to be near my daughter and my mom and have my operation. A lot of my things were in storage. Um, but eventually they couldn't stay in storage and so that was the start. Everything ended up here. And then on top of everything else, Jan's mom fell ill, too. I don't spend every night here anymore. When she was really poorly last year, I didn't even sleep here for about 3 months. So, I just don't get time to think about it anymore. And and yet, I am thinking about it in the back of my mind. I'm thinking about it all the time. So, now is the time to clear the clutter and her mind. She's hoping Curtis can give her some sound advice on selling this early 60s record player. Got all the original paperwork and but it needs restoring. I think it's really funky. I bet that was so expensive when it was made. Yeah. Does it work? I don't honestly know. I was told it worked when I bought it. I got it reasonably cheap. Define the word reasonably. Um 60 quid I paid for it. So what's your bottom line? I'd say 45. Right. See that's okay. Well I'd do my absolute best to get 45. And if I'm offered 42 go for it. Ah you see. So that's not your bottom line. 45 is it? It's not. Is it? Well right then. 40. Right. So anything under 40 it's not selling. No. What's this money being used for? I'd like to do a charity challenge to Trek Peru. Machu Picchu. I think you have to raise about £4,000. Um, all I've done so far is pay for the deposit, right? Um, which is £150. So, you need another £3,850. Yeah, quite a bit. Okay. It will soon add up forward, I think. So, it will soon add up. Yeah, it will need to. Jan doesn't want to get rid of all these things to buy new garden furniture. She wants to go to Machu Picchu and do something fabulous for charity. Now, that's pressure on me. Back in the bedroom, Marianne's been mulling over how to deal with Jan's enormous hoorde of clothes. I've got a little plan up my sleeve. Have you? So, we got a keep box. And we got a charity box. Oh, right. Okay. But Jan already has her own plan. A friend of mine who runs a charity shop for dogs and cats has challenged me to fill 23 black bin bags. I think more like 123 here. Yeah. But 23 is a good start, isn't it? Exactly. Time to kick off then. This is for the charity. This for the charity shop. Yeah. You love a little bit of leopard print. I do like leopard print. So, that's been kept. Oh, you're keeping this? I am cuz I like it. Okay. She's still a little bit hesitant, but I think with me pushing her along the way, she'll get there. We need to have the organization in here. When you've got rid of the the 23 bags for the charity, then we need to sort of think about how we're going to put our clothes into some sort of order. summer and the winter. There's a bed seti under there. Really? Yes. Really? Even more so. Why we need to clear it? So you can have the bed seti. Yeah. So you can have a girlfriend stay. Not sure that girlfriend will ever be Marianne at this rate. The thing is Marianne, I'm convinced I'm going to go to all these wonderful places to wear it. And those wonderful places don't happen, do they? No, they don't happen. Jan is such a lovely heartwarming person. What she wants to do with her clothes that she's gathered over the years is basically pass on to charity. She's got a big task on her hands to fill 23 bags. Downstairs, Curtis has stumbled across a pair of vintage suitcases that Jan is willing to sell. They're selling. They're fashionable. They're retro. Everyone wants them. This one's got legs on and it's been turned into a coffee table. I'm going to take them away and make the most money I can. Upstairs, Jan has more retro furniture that she'd like Curtis to take a look at. Oh, wow. Look at that. This is my lovely dressing table set. It's fab. I bought it in a charity shop, Um, really, really cheap, but I fell in love with it because it's almost the same as one I had as a child. Ah, as far as I know, it's 1960s, I would say. Late 60s. Yep. It is lovely, but I'm absolutely willing to let it go. It all looks in good condition. So, what did you pay for this furniture? I paid the grand sum of £15 for this about 18 months ago. Do you know what? I think you got a bargain. I think it needs to go to someone who's going to pay top dollar because they want it to keep, not to sell. So, that's the dressing table, the record player, and the suitcases that Curtis can sell for Jan. But there's still a lot to do. That flat is rammed, isn't it? To be honest, she wants to give. She wants to do this, but she also just wants her space, really. Yeah. It's so cluttered. She can't even sit down, can she? You've got your work cut out. I have indeed. I tell you, you've got your work cut out. Yeah. To get that money for her, to be honest. Time to go. I think it is. So, Marianne is staying behind to help Jan tackle her clothes. We can do that, that, and that. And Curtis has brought her quirky suitcases to a market and he's already found a potential buyer. Right. So, I've got Shannon turning up to look at the suitcase table, but I'm really keen to sell both of them. Not because I want more money, just I really don't want to split them up. Oh, wow. Look at the inside of that. It feels like it's never been used. Yeah, that's really beautiful. Bit of a suitcase collector. Why? I don't know. I just like them. Do you know what? They're two of the funkiest suitcases I've seen. really really funky. I'm more inclined to buy the table cuz I think that's very very clever the way it's been upholstered too. What are you thinking for the table? Probably about like 25 to like 35. I won't let the table go for less than 35. If I could do you a deal on both that you were happy with, would you take them? Would you give me £45 for both? They're sisters now. 45 quid. Yeah, 45 quid. Deal. Deal. Do you know what? You've got one result. And that's the first £45 towards the Machu Picchu fund. Right. Good luck with your new purchase. Oh, wow. I'm so happy. Thank you. Thanks ever so much. See you later. See you. So Shannon's just gone and she bought both suitcases. Honestly, I think if she hadn't have done, I would have walked away from this sale because it just seems silly splitting them up. Good news is got £45 for Jan. Think she's going to be delighted with that. Go. It's too small. Jan was not the only one to send out a hoarder SOS to our experts. Meet Carrie. I've moved around a lot. Where's the other shoe? In the last sort of last sort of 25 years, I've moved about 20 times. It's absolutely crazy. I just have so much stuff. Each time you move, you tend to acquire stuff that you feel that you need to take with you. So, bit by bit, these boxes would follow me around. She's also had many different careers from musician. The worst rooms in my house um has definitely got to be my lounge because um this is where I have my music equipment, my beauty equipment. One of the other rooms that I feel is very cluttered is my bedroom and that is obviously where I tend to store my shoes and my clothes. Stored is one word for it, I suppose. Never been worn. Never been worn. Never been worn. Been worn once. And even on some of these dresses, um, you know, there's still the labels. Oh my god. Seriously, the amount of rubbish. K's nine-year-old daughter, Emma, is unfazed by the piles of saratoral stuff. I would live in a clothes shop and a shoe shop and a makeup shop. But Carrie's about to start a brand new career teaching music. It's time to get her life in order. Tidy house, tidy mind. I'm going into my PGC in September. It would be nice to um have the summer with no clutter. Thankfully, Curtis has arrived to see if he can help find some items to sell. K's dug out something she thinks might interest him. Remnants from her hobby as a photographer. I did a photography course a few years ago and decided that I would buy some digital SLR cameras. So, Okay. And do you use them anymore? No, unfortunately. Not at all. No, I haven't used these. These haven't seen the light a day for about 2 years. Uh what did you pay for them? Can you remember? Yeah, I mean each camera itself is worth around £500. Uh or was cost £500. Yeah. Um but then there's the additional um flashes. They were 170 each. And then additional lenses as well. I've actually got um a photography frame as well. I've got a backdrop frame, a black backdrop, a white backdrop, um soft boxes. So all in all, you probably paid 121,400 for everything, I'd say. Easily. Yeah. So your investment on something like this is returning you about £350,400. The value of used cameras depreciates quickly as photographers are always keen to upgrade to the latest model, which drives down the price of the older models. The initial idea was to make enough money to pay for a week's caravan holiday for me and my sister. As long as I get between, you know,5 and 600 pound for all the items I'm selling, I'm really not too worried. You're quite rare. You're a realist. I'm certainly a realist. Two Kraken cameras and she's got all the stuff that goes with it. If someone's setting up for the first time to do this professionally, this could be the item for them. So, I've got to get the best price I possibly can. Just hope it's going to be enough. It'll be a challenge as will finding more items to sell. She said it was diamonds and white gold. It's actually glass and base metal. Also still to come, Marianne gets tough with Jan. How can you have a life living in this? In Bristol, former vintage trader Jan has been disappearing under her collection. So declutter queen Marianne has stepped in to help. They don't fit me. They're going to go. Well, they got a bit of give in them. Yeah, but not enough. And in Plymouth, antiques expert Curtis is with trainee teacher Kerry looking for items to sell. So, you want to pay for a holiday? That's what you want to do? Yes, I do. Yeah. Curtis has already bagged Kerry's camera equipment to sell. Now, he's on the hunt for something else of value. A3 printer. Now, that could sell with the camera equipment. Kerry's also hoping some of her jewelry and old watches might fetch her some cash. In this back here, there's a collection of broken silver and um gold that I've collected over the years. I've got um you know, really nice watches that could have batteries put in. And then I've got bits of jewelry that I've bought um on my travels. I do have uh white gold and aquamarine um engagement ring. We actually broke up, so I didn't wear the ring um very much. And um one of the diamonds fell out. It was quite an expensive ring. I think it was £300. So, you know, if it's worth £40, £50, I'd be happy with that. Time for Curtis to take a look. So, this is K's old engagement ring. I think there's some bad news coming her way. It's actually glass and base metal. This jewelry she thinks might be worth money. He's worth absolutely nothing. Oh dear. But then buried within there is some possible treasure. Nice cat badge though from the Foreign Legion. Looks genuine. It's got enough weight. It's got the guy's name on the back. So that's something that might make a few pennies. In Bristol, Curtis has already sold the vintage suitcases. Marianne is going great guns with Jan, who's already feeling the positivity of purging. So, Marian, do you really believe that my life will improve once I've got rid of all this stuff? Yes. Do you? Yes. Because how can you have a life living in this in in this clutter? There is one way in, one way to the bathroom, and there is no room for nothing. I know. I mean, this is just I have never ever seen anything like it. Marianne, you ain't seen nothing yet. Come on, Jan. We need to get on. Crack on. Go. My word. What is all this about? That's a bit of burlesque. Can I like a bit? So, this is going to go. This is going to go. It's too small. So if you actually think about this whole bag, whether we do everything individually, we'll be here forever. We want to crack on and get this room done. So do you think everything in this bag can go? Absolutely. Right. So already in that short space of time, we've cleared there. We can do that, that, and that. And in no time, we'll have the room cleared and we'll be ready to roll. The challenges for Jan is basically she alone has to sort out what she wants to keep cuz some of those clothes that she's got have still got price tags on have never been worn and what she actually wants to give to charity. So she's got a big task on her hands to to basically fill 23 bags. Marianne has given encouragement and advice, but now it's time for her to go and see if Jan can follow her clean and clear example. Bit scary, but I'm really excited. In Plymouth, Carrie has dug out something she hopes will add to her holiday fund. What you got? Well, um I have a couple of books here. Right. Uh this is the Coral Island. Now, um a lot of people don't know, but it's one of the um it's actually the original uh Treasure Island. I think I paid about two pound for it, so not too worried. This is Ivanho. Yes. Another very uh very old book. This one was um given to somebody in 1933. And what I liked about this wasn't so much the book itself, but the personal message. It says to Vera with love and best wishes for a happy birthday from Irene. You probably paid the right price because the market is a lot smaller than it used to be, but like collecting stamps. Yeah. You know, people just aren't doing it anymore. You're happy to get rid of them obviously. Yeah. Yeah. Of course. Yes. You know, there's no massive value in them, but even if you got a few pounds for them to pass them on to someone who's going to read them. Yeah, is actually quite a lovely thing. Absolutely. Kerry plans to take her family away on a caravan holiday and the main things topping up the coffers are the foreign legion badges and her cameras. The problem you generally have is that people have really high expectations of what they're going to get back for their items. Now, this one's a bit easier. Carrie is realistic. All she wants is some money for a holiday. And you know what? I think she's going to end up getting it. We shall see. While Curtis has been rumaging for things to sell, decluttering is yet to kick off. But now, Marianne has arrived to help show Carrie how to organize her stuff and work out what she doesn't need anymore. Oh, dear. You found my shoe collection. I have. Oh, nightmare. Um, basically I have uh a thing where I'll go out and um I'm a bit of a shopahholic and I see a pair of shoes and I try them on in the shop and I walk around in them at home and then the next thing I know they're off my feet and in the cupboard. So, what do you think you're going to want to keep and what you going to bin? I think there's about 10 pairs that I'm going to keep and then the rest of them I need to get rid of. I mean, um, there are shoes there that I'm just never going to wear. No matter how beautiful they are, how nice they are, or how glamorous they are, I'm never gonna wear them. Well, I can always have some. You can my way. I will give you half of my shoes. So, what we need to do is to make this short and sweet so that we can pack this up is to get get rid of what you don't want, what can go to charity, and what you can keep. Yeah, I think the majority of this um is going to be um obviously some of them are brand new, so if I can get rid of them on either eBay or car boot or something, this to me is a relatively a very easy job to do. Yeah, easy for you, maybe. So, while Marianne still has K's wardrobe and daughter Emma's room to tackle, Curtis has finished gathering up anything he can find of value. The only thing I've got in this house to sell is the cameras. Everything else doesn't have an intrinsic value. That's my problem here. The only thing I would say is basically it needs just a good tidy up. Clothes sold. What of her any value? Put the stuff back in the cupboard in an organized manner. That's all she needs. Busy lifestyle. Exactly. That's her lifestyle. It's taken over. I better get selling. And I'm going to go and do those boxes. Go on then. Marianne is staying behind to let Carrie declutter. And Curtis has taken her two Foreign Legion badges to a trader. Harry's cat badges all cleaned up. Let's see if I can sell these. And I've got a couple of badges here I want to show you. First one is a foreign legion cat badge off a cafe. Okay. And you don't see them very often. Want to buy traveled far enough from France to Well, absolutely. Um and the other one is a naval badge which you might know something about. Submariner. Introduced in the 1950s, The dolphins here, they came in in early '7s. And that shows a specialization. You've already qualified in one thing. And you're going to do something else. But they're really good. Um, very pretty, very sailable. Even as a piece of jewelry, that's a really good design. It's very, very wearable. This is in really good condition. Really, really good condition. Be interested in buying that. I'd like to sell them as a pair. I don't want them going individually. I I imagine these are not going to be sitting on your shop front very long. No, they won't be. Right. Okay. I already have a collector who would be will be very interested in these. So, am I right to agree on £30? I should be should I be pushing you for more? That's a deal. Okay. 30 is a fair price. Deal. £30. Nice doing business with you. Pleasure. Okay. Bye. Have a good day. Those two cat badges have been sitting on Kerry's bedside table for ages. She's not over keen on them. She's not emotionally attached to them. And I've got rid of them for £30. I think she's going to be more than happy with that. Well, I am. Still to come, Marianne's brought to her knees. They go as far as the eye can see. And Curtis tries to sell Jan's vintage record player. Blunt question. Is it something you'd buy off me? In Plymouth, cleaning expert Marianne is helping trainee teacher Carrie declutter her home of surplus shoes and dresses. Some of these things just need to be put in here and organized. I know. I know. Simple. But is yet to tackle her daughter's room. [Music] While back in Bristol, Jan's learning the lessons that come with decluttering. I think maybe once upon a time I did want a lot of it. I think I've outgrown it and just not been able to face getting rid of it really. Curtis has taken her vintage record player to a market. He's hoping to sell it to dealer Andre. Fairly typical 1960s champion make. Um, a little bit of superficial damage which can very easily be uh sorted. Uh the nice thing which it's got is the grill and the fabric covering here is still in good uh condition which is a uh a good thing. So that if you're looking at it as a uh as a piece of furniture rather than as a working record player then it's got a lot going for it. Doesn't work. No. the cost of rewiring these sorts of things can be quite high and that can uh obviously affect its resale value um or whether it's worth doing at all. Um so it becomes then just a uh piece of furniture. So it's a nice looking thing. So if it's if someone buys it to rewire, it's going to be a labor of love. It's not going to be for profit. It's going to be not really. No. What would you expect to pay for something like this to take it in? Probably about £10. And if it was rewired and working, 3040. So there's not a huge amount in it really. No. Um for £10? Yes. But for much more than that, then no. So I'm better off taking it away. See if I can find a better home for it. Yes. Yeah, indeed. Thanks for your time. You're very welcome. Henna does seem a tadlo. Curtis reckons the best way to find someone who will love or love to restore this is to advertise it online. Back at home, Jan's concentrating on her other clutter. Just looks like a mountain to climb, doesn't it? This is my big day. I'm feeling really excited. Um, nervous. There's a little bit Oh, do I really want to let that go? You do. You do. A friend who runs an animal charity shop has given her a challenge to fill 23 large bin bags with clothes. My strategy for sorting out the clothes definitely is the main focus at the moment is for charity. And I think once I've cleared the charity things, I'll be a bit clear about what I do really want to keep. The idea of decluttering is to get rid Jan, not build up the keep pile. Emotionally, it's very hard for me to let clothes go. I don't know why that is. I've I've always had a thing about clothes. I don't think I'm any different from a lot of people, but maybe other people have actually, you know, bothered to put their stuff away. Be nice to sleep in a bedroom surrounded by piles of stuff. That's the spirit. One bag down, 22 to go. H, this could take a while. After striking out with the record player, Curtis is hoping to strike it lucky with Jan's retro dressing table. He's taken it to upyclinger and trader Norman. Now, Norman, I know this isn't really your thing, but it's kit and I wanted to bring it in to show you just in case you could be interested. It's just maybe a bit too catch for in here. Yeah. Do you think this is a very niche market at the moment, this sort of thing? Yes, I do. But I believe that you will find someone who will be interested in it. I think it's going to be someone quite young and this is super retro for them then, isn't it? Well, maybe next time. Thank you. Well, bad news. Norman hasn't bought Jan's furniture. But I tried, didn't I? I better get it out his shop. Especially as this was really just testing the water. Plan B for both the dressing table and the vintage record player is to sell online. So, yes, you'd better get it out of his shop and get listing. Back with our other hoarder, Carrie. She and Marianne are tackling daughter Emma's bedroom. Carrie? Another room with clutter everywhere. Yeah. This is my daughter's room, I'm afraid. This is Emma's room. This is Emma's room. Yeah. Where does she find room to even sit and play with her things? Um, she tends to spend a lot of time on her bed, and her bed's obviously not messy, as you can see. Oh, what's this? Is she taking after you now? Uh, yeah. That's just a It was um actually a little bottle of wine in that and she liked the shoe. It was like a gift from someone. So, I drank the little bottle of sparkling procco and she said, "Mommy, can I have the shoe?" But yes, she is. She does like us. She's got She liked her bling. She's got sparkly shoes. Yeah. You say she's got as many shoes as you. and there they are under the bed. Yeah. Uh they go as far as the eye can see. And um there are quite a few pairs of these that she doesn't wear anymore now. So, but as you can see, she likes her bling, too. I don't want her to be like me, though. I mean, I don't want this to carry on with Emma. I want her to understand that she can be organized and she won't have to come home to an untidy house. So, where has Carrie's clothes and shoes habit come from? My weight has fluctuated and gone up and down. So, of course, you buy more shoes, more clothes. Um, I have had cosmetic surgery, uh, tummy tuck and, um, a nose job. And so things like that, you know, I I changed my style of clothing then because I felt I could wear more things that were fitted. So I was always very conscious of of how I looked and how I felt about myself. Carrie, she's like a butterfly flapping around, coming and going, not knowing where she is. There is piles of clothes, shoes, just stuff everywhere. There's just no organization in her house. But with Marian's encouragement, Kerry's got a plan to clear it, keep it tidy, and make these positive changes part of the long-term plan for her and daughter Emma. I'll have a chore list, not just for her, but for myself. On this chore list, it will have a list of things that I need to accomplish each day because I think that's important to be a bit more productive and a bit more proactive and just make sure that I keep on top of things so that when I do declutter my house and declutter Emma's room that we can continue with the progress and that, you know, someone doesn't come back in few weeks down the line, it's just as bad. I'll never let it get as bad as this again. That's been noted. Carrie in Bristol at Jan's house, friend and neighbor Joe has come along to help clear all her retro furniture and collectibles in the living room. Well, you going to help me get rid of my bits? I don't know. I just don't know where to start. I really, really don't. Neither does Joe, by the look of things. There's never nowhere to sit. It's always covered in boxes, sofas, and the chairs. So, normally we have a cup of tea in my flat. Fancy helping me move this? Well, we got too hair. Just get rid of it, Joe. Oh my god. There's not enough space for it all. While some of the clutter will go to charity and some into the bin, other items will be sent off to sale. When was I ever going to get a Henna tattoo? I don't know. What about all this behind it? Like this? Oh, the sewing machine's going to be sold. Oh dear. I don't even know what's in there. Oh, somebody's lunch. Yum. While Joe carries on downstairs, Jan's daughter, Holly, has offered to help out in the bedroom. My daughter's going to help me put stuff in the van. It does feel daunting. It feels overwhelming. That's probably why I've never tackled it in the first place, That's another one gone. But with a real push and Holly's help, you can actually see the carpet. We've made a hole in it and you can actually see the bed setting. And now Jan can start to imagine a future without clutter. I don't think I'm going to miss the things that have gone. Lots and lots of bags have gone, lots to charity. I'm not even thinking about it. I'm just thinking about the next thing that I want to do. Jan smashed her target of 23 bags and filled 30 bags for her friends at the charity shop and sent the rest of her clutter packing to be binned or listed for sale online. A few weeks later and Jan has moved a mountain of clothes. I think I've worked incredibly hard actually and it may not look like it from the beginning, but I have cleared so much stuff. Marianne is about to visit and newly house proud Jan is making sure everything is just so. I'm really looking forward to seeing Marianne actually. I think she's going to see a real difference from the last time she was here. Let's see. She's arrived. Marian. Hi, Jen. It's great to see you. Lovely to see you. You want to show me what you've done? Come in. Come in. Wow. Look at this. I know. It's so much, isn't it? It's really good. Again, this is great. I know. This looks so different, doesn't it? It does. There's so much more space and an aireriness feel to it. I know. You must be happy though. I am happy. Before the living room was a mish mash of retro collectibles and general clutter. And having shipped it all out, Jan's mason has gone from laden down to lived in. She's even found some old pieces of furniture that were buried under the This is new, isn't it? Yeah, I did that. That was hidden away upstairs. Did you change the knobs and everything? I changed all the knobs. Yeah, that's lovely. It really works well that now you have what I call a clutter-free space and it just feels comfortable now. I can just come in and there's somewhere for you to sit to sit. You never had anywhere to sit before? No, I didn't. It was It was really, really bad. I'm quite happy to admit it. I'm really, really chuffed. But I want to see the other room. Come on, men. Before the declutter, Jan's bedroom looked more like an explosion at a jumble sale than somewhere to sleep. But now, it feels homely and cozy. It's still full of Jan's beloved vintage, but it's a much more relaxing space. Oh, this is what I'm looking forward to. Well, it's certainly better than the last time you saw it. I know. It's so because you can actually see the bed over there. Was all this pile of clothes everywhere. The bed setting underneath. Exactly. I'm really pleased and I'm going to carry on. And it sounds like Jan's caught the decluttering bug. On top of that, Marianne has some good news for Jan about her cash for clutter total. We can now reveal that the items that Curtis took away to sell. We have made you a grand total of £225. Oh, wow. Really? Honestly, I think that's amazing. I never expected that. I'd have been happy whatever you got, but that is really amazing. Thank you so much. In the end, Jan's vintage record player managed to sell for £50 and her chest of drawers for £40 and online sales of a few other items brought her total so far to £225. All to put towards her charity trip to Machu Picchu. You know, Jan is a lovely person. We have had so much fun together in doing this. The more that I clear, the more I want to clear. It has made me feel really, really positive. It's a work in progress. Um, I want it to be ongoing. So, by the end, I'm hoping every single bit of clutter will be gone. Still to come, Carrie's flat out decluttering. Ah, yay. I found the matching boot. And Curtis gets a big surprise. Oh, now this is a wow. I know. It's amazing, isn't it? In Plymouth, Marianne and Curtis have been helping me shopahholic Kerry get her house in order and make some money for a holiday. So, we're saying in total £550 to 600. Now, she's on her own and Carrie can't wait to get decluttering starting in daughter Emma's room. Following Marian's advice, I am going to um use these red bags for the internet tradein company. And I'm going to pick out quality items that I feel would make um a reasonable amount of money. And I've promised Emma she can use it for the things that she wants to buy. And then all the other things that I don't feel that are quite up to that standard will go to charity. And she's leaving no corner untouched in a bid to find sailable goods. Oh my. It's like the black hole in here. So, that one will go in there. Oh, my bedding. H. Think she's a little bit too old for this book. It's stories for fouryear-olds and she's nine. Secret diary. Surprise, surprise. Locked. Kerry's son, Adam, has turned up to help. This is just some of my mother's clutter. It's uh been like this in most of our houses for as long as I can remember. Really, I'm happy to be here helping her declutter the house. I think it'll be good for her to have a tidy house again. And I'm also hoping to find something here for myself. And Carrie has something in mind for Adam. Doesn't look terrible, though. decent amount of memory, dedicated graphics card in there. Not sure what size the hard drive is, but would it be better to split parts or do you think um it'd be quite good as just getting it up and running as a machine? Depends really. I think it might be worth getting it up and running just to see what sort of parts are in there. See, the parts are still I mean, they're not going to be newer parts, but if they're powerful enough, it might be worth something. Adam clearly knows his stuff. Selling the individual components of a computer on online auction sites can net you more cash than selling the complete unit. All right. Will you take that one then? All right. And I'm just going to crack on. If there's anything else to find, I'll give you a shout. All right. One less bit of clutter for you. There's somewhere else that could definitely do with a clear out. Kerry's wardrobe. Another dress with another label still on it for um for sale. There's probably well over four or 500 pounds worth of clothes there that I've not even worn or there's probably equally the same amount I've only worn once. You're more likely to have success selling brand new clothes online, especially with tags, as it guarantees they will be in good condition. With the help of the experts and a desire to turn over a new leaf, it seems Kerry is committed to a new, tidier way of life. It feels very therapeutic. I feel that just by looking at it, I'm actually clearing out um a lot of the u negativity that I've had going on. Car's done a phenomenal job clearing her flat, revealing the floors in both bedrooms for the first time in a long time. It's nice to know that some of these items are going to go to charity and for worthy causes and they're going to make, you know, some money out of it. And once all those bags are loaded into the van, Carrie can finally wave goodbye to all that clutter. I feel very, very positive right now, to be honest. Nice work. Curtis, meantime, has had some online interest in Kerry's photography equipment and the potential buyers coming to meet him. So, I've got K's camera here, and I've got Simone turning up. Now, she found the ad I placed on the internet to buy this. Now, I want £150 for it, but I think this lady's going to be a tough customer, so maybe there'll be a bit of haggling. Come on in. Come and take a seat. I shall show you the camera. There we are. Have a browse. Make sure you're happy with it. No lens cap. Well, you could keep it in the bag, couldn't you? I guess. But it's a nice piece of kit, isn't it? Yes, it is very nice. And it certainly beats buying it new. Yes. And it's not too big, not too heavy, so I can take it on holidays with me. So, I'm looking for 150. Well, without the lens cap, I'd probably say 130. A woman who drives a hard bargain. I think that's a bit low. Let's Should we shake hands on 140? Right. So, it's a deal. £140. Here we go. Let me count that out. You've just got this out of the cash point. And every note counts for carry. That's mine. That's yours. Job done. Well done. 7 weeks since Curtis first visited. Kerry's getting ready for his return. He wants to check her progress and reveal how much money's been made. So, almost done. Just a couple of finishing touches and we're done. Curtis is going to be amazed. Hello. How are you? Good morning. Come on in. Thanks very much. After you. Straight up the stairs. Yeah, straight up the stairs. Let's go. Looking good already. First stop, daughter Emma's bedroom. Remember this? As if by magic rather than hard graft. It's as neat as a pin. Ever so pretty and fit for a princess. Follow me. Well, have a look at this. I know. It's amazing, isn't it? She's actually managed to keep it tidy as well. In fact, she's become quite thorough about it and she makes a bed every morning and puts all the toys away. I could I couldn't walk here now. There was tents and I couldn't even walk here. And have a look under the bed. Oh, look at that. very little and it's all nicely boxed up and kept. She's done this herself. I'm very, very proud. And Car's pride extends to her own bedroom. Before, it was more chaotic than calming. Wardrobes and drawers were over stuffed and shoes were flung in a messy heap. Now, it's been cleared and transformed from a hoarder's nightmare into a dream pad. It's different bedroom, isn't it? It is. Yes, it certainly is. This looks fantastic. Clear bed, no jewelry on the side. I know. I know. It's amazing. And I've actually got a wardrobe that I can now use. Seven or eight bags went to the charity shop. There was about 10 bags that went to the online trader. And the wardrobe's had a makeover, too. This is so minimal. You know, I've sort of streamlined it down and I've just kept the dresses that I I felt that I needed. Curtis is impressed, but there's still another job to do. Let's talk about money. Okay, so it's work in progress. There's still things to sell. Okay, but uh your cat badges have gone. Okay, fantastic. And one of your cameras so far has gone. Wonderful. But there is still other things in the pipeline. So, so far we're up to £175. Which is good. I'm pleased with that. Good. Yeah. Because this, you know, considering there's still um all the clothes and shoes and the other camera other camera, I think you could end up with a tidy sum out of all this. Yeah. Which would be fantastic. And since then, Kerry's made another £45 from online sales, making a great cash for clutter total so far with more sales still to come. And she's decided to put the money towards her elder daughter's college digs. K's done a great job of this house and I think that's a wonderful thing to do with this cash. Nothing for her, all for her family. For me, it's been a great experience and Carrie seems delighted. The fact that, you know, that there's a reasonable amount of money that's been made and, you know, continuing amounts that might be made um that's going to be really good to help fund my daughter's um education. It has been a real pleasurable experience and um had some fun actually.

  Top Comments:
  1. @alessandracm1921 [16 likes]: The problem for all of us is that we buy and the stuff we later get rid of, just does not disappear. We toss stuff in the environment over and over. It concerns me a lot.
  2. @ritalawson7020 [10 likes]: If she sold off everything at $10 a piece she would have a fortune multiply  50.000 X $10 !!!!!!!
  3. @nataliakostrikova [1 likes]: I have another problem. I force myself to go to the store. Grocery stores are great, but all the other ones—clothes, shoes—I can't spend more than 10 minutes there, they start to irritate me. It's truly terrible for me, going to those stores.
  4. @rumblefish9 [1 likes]: She actually has nice pieces. She just needs to edit and sell the rest off or donate. I'm a bit of a hoarder but I've started to donate or give away pieces after watching these shows and realizing I have a problem.
  5. @janetsumali276 [1 likes]: I would have gladly paid 100 pounds for those vintage luggage.
  6. @mariasosa8924: Ella puede poner una tienda para vender a los productores de películas 🎥
  7. @EsteeWalts: Some people just have too much money to spend.....
  8. @EsteeWalts: This man himself thinks  certain things are worth much more than they really are. To me he is not that professional.
  9. @EsteeWalts: Insanity comes in many forms.
  10. @justmemother2: Their hoards don't seem to be as bad as the ones in the US. The people who come to help are more friendly, too.
  11. @Natália-o8g1m: A casa dela e limpa ,apenas está acumulada
  12. @j.rebekah8605: I would've kept that luggage, record player and dressers and gotten rid of most everything else.  Those items are cool!
  13. @victoriaforcenjaraba1612: La traducción al español es horrible.
  14. @helenalaney: 225? for all of that decluttering??? better a garage sale 1pound an item. ridiculous.
  15. @missmatch9058: She says as she moves she aquires new stuff which is understandable, but also people who move a lot also tend to leave a lot of stuff behind or get rid of stuff so they don't need to move it. So the fact that she's choosing to drag all that stuff around with her for all those moves is... telling?
  16. @paulademarco1585: ❤
  17. @solenesanil4956: Omg package 📦 to me 
Send  it I need start up thrift shop
  18. @MargaritaChavez-v2v: I hope that when she dies she will take it with her, so he will not leave so much contamination.
  19. @Jo-AnnaHicks: They just need adequate storage.

A clean up, yes...but storage is the main issue.
  20. @susigarcia4219: Que asco da la casa

- Where Do Orlando's Wealthy Choose to Live?!: Kind: captions Language: en we're here on the Mean Streets of Windermere downtown and today we're actually going to go over where are the wealthy people of Orlando living we're going to talk about four different areas subdivisions and areas of Orlando some of which you probably already know but go deep into the numbers and the amenities why are these people moving here stay tuned [Music] all right so since we're here in Windermere we have to talk about aisle work which really had the highest sale in all of Orlando so obviously there's some wealthy people living in Iowa and they've all really been built up over the past 20 to 25 years so you now have teardowns going on in the neighborhood where people are paying multi-million dollars for a house tearing it down and building something really great the reason why people love aisle work is really the location it's also the amenities inside you have a full Golf Club social membership and the proximity to everything in Windermere is pretty fantastic you've got the lakes nearby you're not too far away from Walt Disney World and a lot of the theme parks if you're into that it also has a really good distance away from Dr Phillips so you've got Restaurant Row and everything else right around Iowa but people that are in that upper tier of income want to be around other people and I think that's another reason why people choose to live in Iowa foreign a couple other details about aisleworth the HOA is about ten thousand dollars a year with having a 24-hour gated guard and all the other amenities in the neighborhood it's honestly not that bad then you're gonna have to pay for a social membership or the golf membership if you want access to some of that stuff you look at the average days on market for Aisle work it's about 26 days and the average sales price is 5.3 million and when you look at Orlando in general it takes on average six months to sell a house in that price point so the demand is definitely here for aisleworth the next neighborhood is not too far from Windermere it's Golden Oak it's the property that Disney develops right inside their own property there's 299 properties that are finished and there's actually some new condo developments that's coming as well there's like nine Villas that they're building out plus 31 condos it's gonna be a 10-story mid-rise right next to the Four Seasons with a lot of amazing amenities but the average sales price for Golden Oak is 6.5 million dollars and the HOA There is almost thirty thousand dollars depending on which neighborhood within Golden Oak you live in let's wait for okay what are the main amenities that they have inside the gates is the summer house this has multiple restaurants it's got the pool the gym facility a little movie theater area it's really quite nice but there's no golf within the neighborhood really your main amenity is that you're really close to Walt Disney World many of the homeowners there join the Four Seasons which is right next door you've got a social membership a pool membership it includes golf it's actually really affordable for everything that's included if the Four Seasons Condos or anything like the ones down in Naples which were like multi-million dollar condos it's going to be fantastic and really Four Seasons doesn't do anything halfway they're going to go all in for luxury and I would assume that majority of these condos are going to start in the 2 million plus range and even still there's a massive wait list now let's take it over to the east side of Orlando to Lake Nona the Lake Nona golf and country club is only 350 residences but they are getting ready to add an additional 80 Custom Homes over there the same builders that help build out Golden Oak and so many other beautiful residences here in Central Florida the HOA fee is about 7 500 dollars and that includes the Gated amenities and a lot of other things behind but it does not include the social and golf membership golf week named the Lake Nona golf and country club one of the top hundred golf communities to live in in the entire country and so it's definitely something that you might want to consider if you're into golfing but it's not included in that 7 500. the average sales price for Lake Nona golf and country club is 3.2 million but there's a pending comp right now that's going to be on the market and closed at 9.3 million which is going to level up the entire neighborhood so if you're looking for a gated community with a ton of a different amenities really high-end finishes and you want to be away from the theme parks but close to the airport Lake Nona golf and country is probably for you one of the other things that you have to love about the location of the Lake Nona Country Club is that right out the back end of the neighborhood they have an entrance and exit for residents only and you have access to the USTA you've got so much going on over in the Lake Nona Town Center there's people that want to belong to kind of everything that's going on in the Lake Nona Community with the health and wellness and medical there's a lot of cool stuff coming and you get to be a part of that in Lake Nona Country Club all right so the last City we're going to talk about or area we're going to talk about had over 75 home sell over 2 million dollars over the past year and that's Winter Park now I know we were talking a lot about different neighborhoods specifically but Winter Park specifically three two seven eight nine has some of the most expensive real estate in all of Central Florida and if you're looking to get something that's maybe a little bit more unique a little bit different than just sort of the cookie cutter neighborhoods that we have throughout Central Florida Winter Park is a great place you've got stuff that was built 60 years ago that's been completely remodeled and then stuff that's been torn down and built in its place you've got an amazing downtown area on Park Ave and all the way over on Orlando Ave where you've got Trader Joe's and really every restaurant you could think of right in close proximity so I'm a huge fan of Winter Park and what's coming there the average sales price for Winter Park is 3.2 million dollars the highest sale over the past six months was only seven million dollars when I say only compared to some of these other big neighborhoods it seems affordable but you know what I mean but the reason I love winter park is it's really tucked away outside of everything here in Orlando you're Northeast of Orlando you're still super close to the airport if you need to get there and downtown if that's some more that you're working so Winter Park is a massive win for people in that price range now those aren't the only four areas where Orlando's wealthy are purchasing houses you've got Maitland you've got celebration which has multi-million dollar homes and all are great areas but I look at concentration of really well done houses where price points are staying high or going higher and the lowest days on Market the four that I mentioned today had four of the lowest days on Market where you have an average of six months to sell your house here in Orlando if your house is worth more than two million dollars but in those four areas it was less than 45 which is a massive win if you're looking for a primary or a secondary home as an investment but where would I live if I choose one of these four I might probably choose Winter Park only because of the diversity of real estate and restaurants and stuff going up there but I could also be pulled over to Golden Oak because I'm a massive Disney fan so really it's up to you on what's the most important thing to you in regards to your life style I think any of these have something if you're in this price point so if you're looking to buy or sell a house anywhere in Central Florida my team and I would love to be your real estate resource of choice email me info positgroup.com we'll see you guys on the next video that's the new thing that's the new thing I love it they love it yeah thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Alex-wx8be [3 likes]: Wow people paying more in HOA than some home loans in Orlando
  2. @JayPimen [2 likes]: You can rent an apartment in Lake Nona for 1600 not bad for a entrepreneur that wants to network with wealthy individuals😅
  3. @helloitsme9081 [2 likes]: There are a few mansions near Downtown Orlando, Delaney Street.
  4. @Wiki021 [2 likes]: I live in Lake nona obviously I'm a teen who lives in lake Nona moved from Kissimmee to lake nona in 2019 it's alr the schools are very crowded honestly I think it's a good place to live but I like places we're there is a lot of nature
  5. @Soarin2Orl [1 likes]: No one describes homes and neighborhoods like you do…I’ve mentioned your vlogs to friends and now they are watching you..If this is living the dream, I hope someday you’ll be my trusted realtor…thanks
  6. @Tigerskys-6699 [1 likes]: Incredible narration and presentation. Nice work
  7. @FamilyNestWinterPark: Great content!  Thank you 🎉
  8. @eddierosario1537: Park ave winter park is the best spot
  9. @DaleMenRd: Always the rich
  10. @oohweeoohwee9222: If the HOA is involved,you're asking for trouble.
  11. @StrawmanBRUCE-cv6ee: No Lake Butler Sound? College Park? Country Club of Orlando/Spring Lake? BALDWIN PARK!? (my old neighborhood before ex-wife got the whole house, not just her half 🤬 🤔)
I moved to the guard gated Sweetwater Club in nearby Seminole County/Longwood. H.O.A. is "only" 3k a year, for a bigger house, on a MUCH bigger lot, with a MUCH bigger pool, bigger/more garages, guesthouse, and even my own tennis court that I don't even need/use, also MUCH quieter; all for a fraction of the cost of the neighborhoods you named.
Adjacent Seminole County is a much better value IMHO. S.W.C., Alaqua/Alaqua Lakes, Markham Woods Road, Heathrow, even Timaquan, The Springs, Forest Lake, and Bear Gulley Pointe. If you even look at places like Spring Lake Hills, Spring Valley Club and the Crane's Roost Park area in Altamonte Springs, suddenly the (very nice) communities you mentioned will all seem WAY overpriced by comparison.
P.S. Celebration? Really? It's not that great, especially for the price/location 😕🤔.
  12. @lisasimpson8985: Thank you! ❤
  13. @DevlPB: Homie ignored historic areas
  14. @Soarin2Orl: The best Florida realtor,by far,by far…
  15. @itguru2037: Hi Ken, met you at Plant Street. What income level is considered wealthy in Orlando
  16. @FullyDeployed: Are there gators in that lake he was wakeboarding in?
  17. @Patrick-yh5yd: Golden Oaks? Many homes cannot sell. You are right otherwise.
  18. @Teetee-yt3ip: Hello how can I get more information on the mid rise they are building in Golden Oaks? Do you know what it is called ?
  19. @daverobinson1574: Great job Ken!!
  20. @JuancoPRoFlow: Ahhh youre a Democrat, smh.

- Social Media for Real Estate Agents Has Changed Forever (NEW 2026 Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en Here's the brutal truth. If you're still using social media the way that you did last year, you're already invisible. Everything has changed. Algorithms, AI, and how people even consume content. And if you don't adapt right now, you're going to be replaced by the agents that do. So, in this video, I'm breaking down the most critical shifts that you must understand to survive and dominate in 2026. But the scariest part, these changes don't just affect your social media. They decide whether AI recognizes you as the expert in your market or forgets you all together. So, let's start diving into this and I'm going to walk you through very sequentially the exact things you need to do. And at the end of this video, I'm going to reveal exactly what needs to be done if you want to dominate in 2026 and beyond a complete blueprint so that you can follow with it and get started today. But first you need to understand what to do leading up to that. So let's get started. The first thing which is one of the biggest shifts is going to be interestbased media. So in the past it was very much intentbased. And I'll break this down so that you understand it very clearly in case you're not that savvy with social media yet. I'll help you get there. Um so platforms prioritize interest signals over follower count. And what happened in the past is that if you had for example 10,000 followers, uh, two things would happen. Whenever you would post, number one, you would get more engagement compared to somebody that had, for example, a,000 followers. The second thing is that it would get sent any post that you created would be sent to your entire audience. Now what's happening is that was the old way, right? The old way that was intentbased. Now we have interestbased media. What does that mean? Well, that means that social media and all platforms, Tik Tok was the one that pretty much pioneered this, is that instead of looking at your follower count, it looks at each individual piece of content by itself and it says number one, who is interested in this? That means it does not go to your entire audience. It's going to get served to the people who are interested in it. The second thing knowing that it looks at each individual piece of content is that your follower count is irrelevant. You can have a good interesting piece of content from somebody that has a thousand, you know, followers get 1 million views. You can also have somebody with 10,000 followers that has a terrible piece of content that's not that interesting and it can get a,000 views. And this is a huge advantage because now you can today, even if you have a very small following, 200 followers, you can start to create interesting content, very raw, relatable, which we'll get into, uh, because it's the easiest content to create, and you can pretty much go viral with a small audience because it's interesting. Now, the other thing that's really cool about this is that if we look at this um, kind of breakdown here, what are the next things that we need to do with examples? will stop worrying about vanity. Start focusing on content number one that answers buyers and sellers intent questions. Now, even though this is interestbased media, people still do have intentions to find answers. And that's why when you look at AI as a whole, it really rewards FAQ Q&A style content um because it's going to be the answers to buyer and sellers questions. But you can also showcase your passions and interests because in the past, let's say that your interest for example was real estate and maybe like beauty, maybe you you like makeup and stuff like that. Um maybe you like fashion and maybe you, you know, are really interested and have a lot of faith, right? So you've got, you know, kind of four different categories or four different pillars of things that you're interested in. Well, in the past, the old way is that all of these would get served to your entire audience. And the problem with that is that if your goal is to be able to get buyers and sellers and real estate focused clients, well, the majority of them are going to care about, yes, the real estate component, but they're not going to care too much about beauty or fashion or faith. So, the rule previously is that 80% of your content um would be focused on real estate and 20% could be your passions. Well, now because this is going to get served to real estate people, this is going to get served to beauty people, this will get served to fashion people, and this will be served to faith people, you can actually have more of a well-rounded balance on your profiles and showcase who you actually are and get people to know the different sides of you because each individual piece of content will get served to the right people. And it's going to be based on if it's interesting or not, meaning that it is irrelevant to the size of your audience. So for any people that have a small audience, this is huge and that's why I recommend to create content pillars like we showed over here, the four different pillars uh that define you. The next YouTube is king. And you can see this is a bit of a longer one. Um YouTube is the largest AI training source. Google overviews, chat, GPT search, and perplexity. So, YouTube is king for a reason because these platforms look at it as a credible authority when it comes to recommending an agent. And if you're the agent that has an active presence on YouTube, it's going to give you an advantage. And the coolest part is is, you know, less than 4% of real estate agents are actively using YouTube. Well, that's huge, right? So if you have real estate agents REA and less than 4% are there is like no competition very little and the coolest part is that of the people that are of the 4% uh the likelihood is that they're a different age race gender demographic personality type um and have a different style than you. And so your superpower is going to be standing out in your own unique way. Now, before getting into what you need to do, um I do have an entire free course showing you exactly how to start and launch your YouTube channel. If you want this, drop a comment below. Just say YouTube course. However, um the only way that we're going to send it to you is if you also write your biggest takeaway from this video. The reason being is that YouTube loves to penalize repeat comments that are all identical. So, if you just reply with free course, we're not going to be able to reply to you with the link to the free course because YouTube will actually block us from replying. And so, my recommendation is if you would like this, just comment um YouTube course and also your biggest takeaway from this video. And based on that, we will send you an entire free course again showing you exactly how to create, launch, and and you know, record, edit your first video and launch your YouTube channel. So, what do you need to do? Uh, create long form evergreen videos. Evergreen meaning that they are of interest forever, right? Evergreen basically means that it lasts forever. It's of interest forever. So, a lot of this is going to be like the things that you need to know before moving to Austin. The cost of living before moving to Austin. Yes, you can repeat this in 2026 and 2027 because of the fact that costs change, but within reason, it's something that people are constantly searching for year after year after year, which is going to make sure that again it is evergreen. This is a huge one. Um, add timestamps with Q&A phrasing. AI polls structured answers. So, if you have a YouTube video, this would be, you know, the little homepage. This is going to be your YouTube video here that people can play. You're going to have your title here. And then down here, you're going to have your description. Well, what you really want to do is at the very top of your description, you want to have links. And these are going to be things that are going to be able to convert views into clients. Free YouTube course breaks all of this down with exact examples. Um, but essentially this is going to be things like lead magnets, property search, calendarly link for people to book with you, that type of thing. After that, you then want to have your kind of written description. And below that, which is really critical, is you want your timestamps. But these timestamps can each individually be, for example, if you're talking about the 10 things that you need to know before moving to Austin, each of these things here can be their own kind of SEO written piece of content. So maybe the first thing, you know, 10 things uh to know before moving to Austin. The first thing could be the cost of living. The second thing could be about best neighborhoods. The fourth thing or the third thing could be about restaurants. Uh the fifth thing could be about events. Like this is where you can start to make each individual thing a searchable phrase and that's what's going to help AI recommend your content. Um build playlist by category. I talk about this in the free course. Um the most common ones there's going to be a few pillar categories and playlist every realtor should create which is going to be moving to your market living in your market um market updates neighborhood tours property tours. Those are the five categories that historically are going to be of the highest demand and ultimately be able to convert views into leads. So this is an example of the funnel, right? First is going to be your YouTube video. Second, you want to drive traffic to a free guide or a link like we talked about of some sort. Then you want to nurture people. And the nurturing should, if done effectively, result in consultations. This is a huge change that I'm really excited for because it's going to make it easier for you, which is going to be raw and relatable. No longer is polished production what everybody's looking for because if it's too polished, there's two automatic default assumptions that people have. It's an ad or it's AI. And so what's happening is people are connecting with the raw vertical video on short form content. This is the less polished using nothing but your iPhone, not having crazy edits, not having to worry too much about B-roll, but just being very real and authentic. That's going to be the secret to connecting with people. So, let's walk through a couple of examples. Um, 30 to 60C mini lessons. Mini lessons are simply just going to be things like buyer and seller tips. Uh, the next thing is going to be local lifestyle, right? like becoming the mayor of your town as people say, so cliche, local celebrity, but just being able to put out content that talks about the local lifestyle because this is going to be very interesting, right? We have to be mindful that when we start looking at, you know, buyer and seller tips, this is going to be for like the 1% to 5% of people in your market that are actively searching for buying or selling a property. Well, what about the other 95 to 99% of people that are being completely left alone, that aren't yet in the decision-making process, but eventually will be. Well, that's where this content comes into play, which is going to be, well, everybody's interested in, you know, this cool new local cafe. Everybody's interested in what the top five pizza spots are. Everybody's interested for the best top new restaurants in your city. the local, the 95 to 99% is interested in that. Going back to interestbased media, and if people find you there and they like it, they'll follow you. And whenever it comes time to buy or sell, they think of you. That's how it works. And that's going to give you the opportunity to get in front of a way larger audience um behind the scenes, right? This is going to go back to that raw, authentic, relatable, like showing the process, not just the result, sharing stories, right? Instead of just posting, you know, a congrats to my buyer, congrats to my seller for selling their home, write a story. Explain their story. Facts. Tell tell stories sell. If you write a story about how this person maybe came for another country, dreamed of this, you know, getting their first property, and you finally helped them do it after x month of not being able to find the right one, or they worked with a different agent and it didn't work out. That's going to allow you to connect with other people, which is going to drive more traffic to working with you. Because somebody else could see themselves in that story and say, "Wow, that reminds me of my situation." And they're going to work with you. uh don't over complicate it with equipment and editing which is again another beautiful thing is that the editing can be very simple the equipment can be your phone and a good mic um and that's all that you need branding branding is the multiplier uh this is where the game is won uh the change so with so much AI generated and generic content brand identity is the differentiator and every agent wants to be different than the rest of the market and you need to give people a reason to want to work with you what are the elements of a brand? Well, you get more leads. Why? Because people come directly to you. Um, also people have heard of you so that they, you know, they will also refer you even if they haven't worked with you before. They've just seen your presence online, know what you stand for, know your quality of work, know your unique value proposition, and then they reach out to you. You also get cheaper leads. Why? Because when people can validate you, if they see your Facebook ad, Google ad, they see a piece of content and they can do a search on you and find you active other places in a very credible way. Well, what happens is your cost per lead goes down. Your cost to acquire a customer goes down because they can justify why you're somebody to work with. Whereas, if you're putting out content and they can't find anything credible about you or you're not active on other platforms, they're going to say, "Is this person legit?" Like, "Do I want to work with this person?" Or somebody that has a stronger brand. So, you get more leads. You get way cheaper leads. People close faster. Why? Because historically, if you do not have a brand, people are going to interview multiple agents, right? And then they're going to decide whether or not you or the other agents are the best one. If you are undeniably the answer, meaning you've got a strong brand that people recognize, they know the value you provide, they want to work with you, they don't interview multiple people, they go straight to you. So, they make a decision to buy or sell with you faster, which means you get paid faster. They're less price resistant. So, if you want that beautiful 6% commission or in your market 5% or whatever it is, they're going to be less price resistant to that commission price because they know the value you provide and they don't want to go work with a generic agent. They want to work with you. And that's how you're again going to be able to justify the higher commissions um and handle those objections that everybody else tends to struggle with. They're not even going to have it. They want to work with you. And so you get an immediate increase in commission. Also, they're more likely to buy again, which means a repeat client, and they're more likely to refer, meaning referral clients. What does this do? This automatically skyrockets your LTV or lifetime value of a client because they continue to work with you. They don't just do one transaction. The most expensive clients that you can have are new. The cheapest clients is going to be repeat and referral because you've already paid to acquire them once and now they're pretty much sending you new business which is going to be 100% profit. Where most people struggle to scale is they constantly focusing on new, which requires capital or time to acquire. You're either gonna have to spend your time prospecting or you're going to have to invest money into content and ads, right? That is how you build right here. Focusing on these two is how you build a wildly scalable business. That all comes from having a strong personal brand. Um, we have an incredible service. We've helped build over a thousand of the most recognized personal brands in real estate. And if you would like to work with my team, you can just book a call. Link is in the description and the pin comment. Um, but over the course of just 8 weeks, we will completely overhaul your personal brand, but also we will help you have an entire YouTube strategy for the next uh year of exactly what you need to do and we will make sure that you know exactly how to rank on artificial intelligence with a complete plan. So, I built this out because nobody was doing it and I wanted it for my own business and it's helped build my personal brand and we can help skyrocket yours and in just 8 weeks instead of taking the next 8 months to try and figure it out yourself. This is worth its weight in gold. Um, but you have to be committed to investing into your business. Every successful person who ever met does invest into their business, but if you're the type that values your money more than your time, um, then this is not going to be for you. If you value time more than money, knowing that you cannot get your time back, but you can g get a ton more money back, especially if you build a brand, this is for you. And so, if you have the mindset of a top producer, a mindset of a successful entrepreneur, um, just click the link in the description. You can book a call and we'll have a chat with you. Um, but if you're the type that is looking for a quick overnight fix, uh, which never exists, then that's not for you. Engagement over vanity. Platforms care about saves, shares, comments, and watch time over likes. A lot of people are looking at the views and the likes, but what these platforms really care about is engagement. So, what do we need to do? We'll add engaging or engagement call to actions. They're the most common one is going to be leveraging many chat. I think it's always so funny because everybody every time I mention many chat people are like oh send me your mini chat. Um it's not minihat. It's many m a mini chat. Um and what this is is whenever you create a lead magnet which again in the branding offer will create all your lead magnets for you. Um, but if you have a lead magnet, you're going to say, "Hey, you know, comment the word Austin and I'll send you my free relocation guide and it's going to flood your videos with comments and then Many Chat is going to automatically deliver the lead magnet to their DMs and that's where you can engage in conversations because these are people who are clearly interested in buying, selling, or moving to Austin. If it's a relocation guide, they're probably considering moving there. And that means you get leads from your content. If you don't have engagement call to actions, you're not really going to get much engagement. So, this is a good way to force engagement. And also, that makes your content perform way better. Interactive stories, right? So, engagement is so important, but many people don't know how to force engagement. And one of the best ways to do it is just ask for it. So if you're posting like a new property, just do a poll on, you know, this is, you know, polls are are one of the best ones. Just do a poll. Be like, what's your favorite feature of this house? Do you like the kitchen, the master bedroom, or the office to be better? Would you live here? Yes or no? Right? That's one of these examples here. Like all that you need to do is ask for it. And if you put out a new market report and you simply ask somebody like, "Are you considering moving this year?" Yes or no? Everybody that says yes, right? You just do a poll and you ask people yes or no. And everybody that says yes just became a lead from an Instagram story. It's one of the easiest ways to generate leads from your content. Um, always reply to your comments, ideally within the first two hours. It does boost velocity. This is not a rule of law. This is a rule of thumb. Meaning that this is like a highly recommended thing to do, but the essence of it is the quicker you reply to comments, the more they're going to boost your content. Uh, but don't waste all day just fing over replying to comments quickly, right? You've got bigger and better things that you should be doing, like generating more leads. Um, and that all comes down to starting conversations. So, before we get into AI discovery, uh, let's talk about go hyper local, right? So, geospecific, highly personalized content. This is what I recommend. Um, neighborhood specific content, like drill down to the neighborhood level, and that's going to be things like pros and cons of living in this neighborhood. It's going to be like this area, south versus north. It's going to be more hyperspecific. And that's again something the AI artificial intelligence is looking for is who's like the local, the hyper local expert, not the generalist, the specialist. Uh local events, client success stories, optimize your bios, right? So if we look at a bio, it should say who do you help? Um what is your local market? What is your unique value proposition? In the branding offer, we just help you create that. Um and what is your call to action, right? where are we driving traffic? Those are the three things that every social media bio should have, especially your Instagram bio. Um, as well, AI discovery. This is critical. Now, I've got an entire video on this. Um, and if you want to see that video, just let me know. Um, but things are changing and things are changing in radical ways where you can see Google AI overviews, chatbt, and perplexity are shaping how people find realtors. people are actually not just going to Google, but when they do go to Google, it's now the AI overview. And what the AI overview is, and you'll see this, is that if you look on Google, right, you've got your little search up here, and this is where you searched. And in the past, you had like ads up here. These are going to be ads. And then you have like blogs from agents down here. which is going to be, you know, recommending the top agent could be you. Um, but now if we start to look at this, right, and we maybe change a lot of this stuff, what's happening, and you can go prove this for yourself right now, is that when you do a search, the very first thing is going to be the AI overview. And what the AI overview is, is it gives one answer. So people are no longer going down the rabbit hole of like searching and wasting time on all these different individual articles and then trying to make a decision. They're just looking immediately at the one answer and saying this is my answer. Same with artificial intelligence. If they go into, you know, chat or perplexity, they're just getting a one answer response, which is a zeroclick response, meaning people aren't clicking anymore. They're just getting the answer. You need to get discovered. So Q&A style content, the mirror's AI queries. So you can look here like, is Austin a good place to live? What's the average home price? Like what are the questions that people are searching for? All that you need to do is create content that are the exact answers to those exact questions. And if you do it especially in list format or in like Q&A style, then that's going to allow you to potentially get recommended by artificial intelligence. adding FAQ sections. So if you look at a YouTube description, you can just say, "What are the most common questions people have?" And each one of those answers is going to be a potential SEO driven search query, which means that whenever people are searching for, you know, something in your market, it can recommend your entire YouTube video. Uh, and that is also the same with structuring it with chapters, which is the same as time stamps. which is the different sections of your video. And each of these sections can be very similar to this, a different search query that people are looking for. Own your audience. This is the most important thing and people tend to forget this before we go into 2026 plans is your audience on social. You do not own it. the platforms own it. And so I've seen people lose their entire accounts and then they get started from zero and they have nothing that they can do about it. Your email list is the only thing that you own. But also, not only is it important to have an email list, but when you do have an email list, all of your content, especially on YouTube, starts to perform better because you can drive traffic from your email list to your content every time you upload a new YouTube video. Um, so building an email list is one of the most important things you can do. Email also has the highest return of any marketing and advertising vehicle. And that's why it's important to nurture your clients to also going back up to building your personal brand to get repeat and um and referral business have funnels and lead magnets to drive traffic to. We talked about that, right? If you focus on relocation, you should have like a relocation guide. If you're like a hyper local agent or first-time home buyers, right? Firsttime home buyers, you should have a first-time home buyers guide. So, whatever your niche is, you need to have a guide for it that you can drive traffic to that turns views into leads. Uh, repurpose everything, which is going back to the concept of being omniresent. AI rewards people that have an active presence across all platforms. And the funnel sequence again is going to be, you know, people might find you on short form. Then they're going to likely start to trust you on long form. They'll click on your lead magnet. You'll nurture them via email and they'll become a client. Like that's the customer journey of anybody with content. So what do we need to do going forward in 2026? Um, and these are things that are actively happening right now. So, I want to help you better understand where things are going. Um, ads are becoming fully automated. So, meta, Google targeting, and creatives, they're doing this with artificial intelligence. What does that mean? Because some people are going to say, "Okay, well, that just makes everything easier." Not quite. Because when everybody's doing the same thing, uh, quality goes down. So the people that are going to win with ads are going to be the people that are the best at creatives, which is going to be the best at video. So the people that are best on video are going to be the best at advertising with artificial intelligence. That's why I continue to tell you it is important to become good at video. Uh microniche content is going to outperform broad general real estate tips. That's why I said go hyper local, market specific, neighborhood specific. that's going to allow you to become the dominant agent in those areas. Uh voice and conversational search increases, which is why FAQ style blog and YouTube content is going to do the best because people are going to pick their phone up and just say, you know, um what is the best restaurant to go to? What is the best cafe? What is the best realtor? I'm thinking about moving to Austin. What do I need to know? Like that's how people are doing search is via voice. And all of the data shows this. This is not assumption. This is all backed by data that this is happening. And so when you are providing responses, FAQ, frequently asked questions, and you provide the responses to those questions, you are going to be picked up, recognized, and recommended. Ultimately, um, trust, brand, and authentic authority will separate real humans and AI noise. And again, this is all about building your brand. You can click the link in the description if you want my team to do it for you. Um, but this is going to be the ultimate gamecher and every big entrepreneur is talking about this right now that in the era of AI, your brand is going to be the one thing that futureproofs your business for 2026 and 2027 and beyond. And so if you have any questions about this, let me know. If you want that uh free YouTube course, again, just let me know what your biggest takeaway was from this video. Um, like we said before, right? What's what is, you know, the YouTube course and biggest takeaway. And if you want to know how to get recognized by artificial intelligence and every step that you need to take, check out this next video and we'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mike_Sherrard [1 likes]: 🚀 Access my FREE YouTube Lead Engine Course! Click here → https://bit.ly/45ZmyZw
🟣 Want clients coming to YOU instead of chasing them? Let me personally coach you! → https://bit.ly/49w4nwM
🐺 Book a Private Call to Discuss Partnering With Me at eXp → https://bit.ly/4bATnzC
  2. @MarPar27: I love all of your content but I would like the free course and had no idea that number of followers makes no difference. Thank you for all your videos.
  3. @carolynnryder3707: Free video course, I learned about writing a description for video and having links.
  4. @amymrealty: Would love the free guide! Takeaway - Facts tell, Stories sell.
  5. @montshonaejohnson4400: I like that I can do this with small amount of followers. I’m new and trying to get this to take off. My husband supports me so well I just want to prove all his efforts worth it 
Free YouTube course!
  6. @nealenterprise5569: YouTube: My biggest takeaway is learning to utilize each platform effectively.
  7. @TamaraCharlton-g6c: Utube course my biggest take away is data on how few agents are using this under 4%, totally unbelievable
  8. @Danny-FletchXJ: This was great! I’d love the link to the free trial lesson. My biggest Takeaway is that you’re gonna teach me how to watch successful YouTube channel and create video continent.
  9. @deadman2298: My biggest take away is that I have to micro-niche to a specific area, start my own branding on YouTube and other platforms to get quality leads. Can I have the free YouTube course?
  10. @Twincitiesrealestatewithquincy: YouTube course. This is music to my ears. I always struggled with “advertising” because everyone says you should do short form content and post everything. I prefer more in depth content because I love to educate and provide real value.
  11. @phillip1398: Free YouTube Course please. 
My biggest takeaway here:
Being yourself. Not being another Ryan Serhant clone. Authenticity is key. 
And the part about time stamping to use for SEO algos.
  12. @CraigBradshaw-q2t: Youtube Course please. Youtube is KIng and AI scrapes all info off here first to then give their recommendation
  13. @theticbrothers: Free You Tube Course. Biggest take away is brand marketing beyond real estate content. I am currently an assistant to a real estate agent that also does the marketing. Everything has been self taught and I am always looking for improvement in brand marketing. I have finally convinced my agent to do video content!
  14. @MrsDarleneJohnson: Biggest takeaway was that ChatGPT, Perplexity, and CoPilot refer to YouTube.  Free Course
  15. @hanimir1995: Free Course .   Biggest takeaway, I need to be active on YouTube and Instagram
  16. @jackydannhauser7637: YouTube Course - raw and relatable
  17. @kyrabuckner3788: I am interested in the Build my brand call.
  18. @tashalafave4070: Free Course .   Biggest takeaway, I need to be more active on YouTube
  19. @SergioCSellsRealEstate: YouTube course, look8ng to stand out in the crowd, 24 years of experience but only part time since 2013, I'm now a postal supervisor looking to get back into RE full time.
  20. @stephanieprattproperties: Free Course.  Biggest takeaway is that only 4% of real estate agents are doing YouTube and the ones who master it, will crush it in 2026 and beyond!  Best way to stand out and be known as the Go-To Expert/Obvious Choice in my market.  I'm ready ready to level up~

- Why Americans Keep Moving Into Gated Communities: Kind: captions Language: en Florida is kind of the land of gated communities. People that are buying in Florida--they want the ease of living. They want to live in Paradise without all the maintenance. Lindsey Tronolone is a realtor in Palm Beach County, Florida, a hub for luxury real estate. The area also boasts dozens of Some sell waterfront condos, others have multi-million dollar mansions. People are moving here for the Golf. You're not going to pay $225,000 for a golf membership and not be using it. Gated communities have been popular in the US for decades, especially in warmer states like Florida, the southwest, or California. They attract retirees, golfers and growing families, and recently young professionals too. While gated communities are quite varied, they all offer privacy and a sense of exclusivity at a premium. The whole point of creating HOAs and possibly gating is to create that location premium. You're essentially, you know, creating this, this brand, this marketing, that this is a desirable place to live and that we will maintain it that way. But there are some drawbacks, like high homeowner's association and membership fees, as well as restrictive policies. They can also lack in diversity. You're paying a premium for living in a homogeneous environment. So why are gated communities so popular in the U.S.? And are they worth the higher price tag? CNBC toured three gated communities in Florida to learn more. The practice of gating and walling cities is as old as city building itself. Yet the modern-day gated communities started spreading in US suburbs in the 60s as violent crimes rose between 1975 and 1980. About 400,000 retirees moved to seeking lower taxes and better weather. Gated communities were developed to meet their needs. As years passed, they continued to evolve. After the Great Recession, being associated with exclusivity and luxury didn't really work well for their business model. Gated communities have increasingly been focusing on sort of marketing themselves as more middle-class, average American communities. We've got families that want to live in the gated communities because they're zoned for A-rated schools. Now, in this market, it is a mix. Data on the exact number of gated communities in the US is limited, and the Census Bureau groups anything in a secured space together. That includes trailer parks and public housing. What we do know is that the number has been increasing for decades in other countries, especially the developing world with higher rates of violent crimes. Safety is the main draw of a gated community. It's a little different in the US. I think it's a little bit less tied to an actual need for security and more to control access to the Maybe to restrict access to amenities that are there for the residents. This community, Bay Reach in Lake Park, Florida, has been around since the 80s. There are currently six properties up for sale, including one of Lindsey's listings at $419,000 for a two-bedroom unit. This is a two bedroom, two bath just under 1000ft². It also comes with a 30-foot boat slip and a one-car garage. Just over seven miles away is PGA National, and its six golf courses. One hosts the annual PGA Championship. There's also a hotel, spa, pool and dozens of other amenities. The price range varies; anything from a $200,000 condo to a $2 million estate. And as of late June 2025, the community had 116 public listings. What you're seeing behind me here is the main clubhouse pool. We've also got at least three full-service restaurants here. Also, there's a coffee bar, and in the middle, there's the Ibar. Frenchman's Reserve, around five miles northeast of PGA, is one of the most high end gated communities in the area, open only to residents and their guests. The average home here sells for about $3.9 million. These are typically going to be either full-time residents or second homes for the person who's using them, or third homes or fourth homes. There are more specific luxury amenities, I would say, in my opinion, in Frenchman's Reserve. So not just your your pool, your tennis court, you know, your pickleball court. They also have an onsite spa, a hair salon, a nail salon. They've got a full 24 over seven weight room with personal trainers. Nationally, homes in gated communities are on average about 5 to 10% more expensive than homes in non-gated neighborhoods in the same area. This number can be 15 to 20% on the highest ends, but that's not considering the additional fees that come with living in these communities. Every gated community has an HOA that collects monthly fees and facilitates upgrades, yet it can also dictate things like the color of your house or how many cars can be parked on the street. People who would not be a good fit for a gated community are people that don't like to be told what to do with their property. HOA fees for the three communities CNBC visited range, according to upkeep and amenities. Every HOA is different, but in the well-maintained, popular ones, that's why people keep coming back. That's why homes are selling off market quickly, because people want to live there, because they know their investment is going to go the distance there. This home at Frenchman's Reserve sold in 2020 for $1.4 million. It is now in the market for about $3.6 million. That's about a 5% higher appreciation rate than the national average. That's why people are paying. To live here is to have the golf and the spa and the kids club and the, you know, on call, concierge style service. Aside from HOA fees, there are also membership fees, which can be tiered like at PGA at Frenchman's Reserve. Membership is mandatory and cost between $115,000 and $225,000, and there are additional fees beyond that. While not always the main reason why an American seeks out a gated community, security is a defining feature. Some gates are manned, while others are not. If you're going to pay an HOA, do you perceive that it's for something that's a value to you? If the HOA is only for some gated entrance with a guard who checks people in and out, and there's no other amenity that might start to opt out, some people for whom that's not really a value. Hoa rules around renting make it hard to turn most of these homes into investment properties. After Covid, a lot of gated communities in Palm Beach County put strict limits in place. If you're someone who wants to rent, maybe wants to do an Airbnb option, You cannot do that in a gated community. Can't do it in an HOA. You have to have a standalone property. One common critique is that gated communities can be isolating. There's a lot of people that say, yeah, I don't I don't want to live in a country club community or behind a gate or behind a wall, or I want my kids to meet people from other, you know, backgrounds, or I want to go to the community pool and not have my own so that they meet kids. We're really seeing a priority set on gathering and making it an environment that invites people to come hang out and enjoy it. Even the older communities are turning over and kind of revamping their social settings, which I think is really kind of driving where the market is turning. A recent trend has been coupling gated communities with master planned communities. It's a way for developers to try to capture more of the market that has led to more economic and social diversity. The pandemic sparked corporate migration from the Northeast to South Florida, and as a result, a lot of young professionals continue to relocate there. And some have been buying into They're not usually in their house for that long, and they want to just have the security of not having to worry about the upkeep, the maintenance. You know, they're here to work and then move somewhere else. While security is a big draw for some, for others, it's the access to a community and to the amenities within the gate. A lot of these communities are kind of turning towards this. Stay here. Don't leave to go to dinner or drinks or gym or pool or. You know, we have it all right here. No reason for you to leave. Invite your friends. Show them how great it is. And let's make this a bubble that people want to be a part of.

  Top Comments:
  1. @The_TRUTH_or_Nothing [2 likes]: The USA is a sea to sea trailer parks, sprinkled with rich gated communities... 
It's the ultimate reflection of the wealth disparity those people live with...
  2. @rolback5055 [1 likes]: Because hypocrite democrats don’t like diversity. Diversity for you but not for me.  IE Martha’s Vineyard.
  3. @cunjoz [1 likes]: no black people
  4. @colacokebottle1 [1 likes]: I am from palm beach county, Boynton Beach Florida,  and yes i live in a gated community,  As a child,  its literally  upper middle class people away from the poor people and crime rates.
  5. @5150SP [1 likes]: Oh look everyone it's a 'whites only' community lol. This is racism hiding in plain sight. They also want to keep poor people out. It's to bad here in Canada that we couldn't build a giant gate around our country to keep Americans out. The US wonder's why the whole world hates them.
  6. @ronaldocost4 [1 likes]: They are great. It's like living in a super cool condo, but instead of everyone being in the same building, each person has their own house and yard. The only thing you lose is the incredible views from a tall building, but depending on the location of the gated community and the lot, you might have an even better view.
  7. @SalesRizzAcademy [1 likes]: To keep those sneaky ninjas out. 🥷🥷🥷
  8. @MrDarkenson [1 likes]: From what I understand these gated communities in US serve a purpose that we people here in Poland take for granted. This looks like US cities are dangerous places with few secluded safe spaces. While here in Poland we have safe cities with few shady districts in them. It's like a completely reversed situation.
  9. @RonDoiron-pz3ee: Simple mass paranoia from spoiled baby boomers.
  10. @mattk3000: What an ecological nightmare.
  11. @firefly9838: Because most Americans are filled with fear
  12. @rchot84: They are loosing popularity
  13. @kingmaafa120: Sounds good 👍 
But IF YOU WATCH MANY OF THEM CRIME SHOWS like 

NBC Dateline 

CBS 48 hrs 

Fear thy neighbor 

A whole lot of evils take place as well 

Reminds me of the crime show 
BEHIND MANSION WALL 
DOMINICK DUNNE 

DO THEY HAPPEN TO HAVE S pedo list as well 

Don’t get me wrong 😑 everyone wants what’s best for them 

Be blessed
  14. @tommasofriz2339: Well well well
  15. @doctorbravestone2737: To keep out someone….the 13.1%
  16. @whitegirlsoncrack: I love gated communities
  17. @pantherfan-no6uv: no one wants to live around criminals thats why
  18. @AndrewSpurgeon-m6f: Sounds like a democrats dream 😂😂
  19. @torsten6777: If you’re poor, you can’t have a gate
  20. @kevinm.1985: Defund the police and sanctuary cities?

- How Designer Brands Keep You Poor: Kind: captions Language: en this bag right here costs three hundred thousand dollars and not because it's lined with diamonds or was owned by the lake Queen Elizabeth but because this is a Birkin bag if you're not familiar already the Birkin bag is considered the most expensive luxury handbag in the world the costs range from 8 500 to 300 000 a bag and that's not even considering the purchasing history that you need to establish with Hermes just to be considered able to buy a Birkin bag because you can't just walk into an airmed store and buy a Birkin bag at the register you have to establish a purchasing history with Hermes meaning you frequently buy a variety of their other products like scarves and makeup my game plan was to you know wear a lot of my Hermes items to show that hey I'm an Irma's customer and I'm just not like because tons of tourists just come in who have never purchased any Ms in their life and the first question I was asked was do you have an Hermes bag so I'm wearing my two click H bracelet got on my Hermes Kelly belt Hermes CDC belt my twilly around my neck you know I'm a loyal customer etc etc imagine if Dick's Sporting Goods did the same thing and just buy a basketball you also had to buy a kayak golf club and some of Dwayne Johnson's Under Armor line be ready ridiculous and yet that's the reality of buying a Birkin bag I would argue it is the physical epitome of manufactured exclusivity it's four thousand I know and there's a waiting list I assumed five years for a bag it's not a bag it's a Birkin and yet despite the many hoops and long wait lists that are associated with this bag people keep flocking to it they might save money for years just to buy one bag which by the way you often don't get a say in what kind of color or style of bag you get but if you want a Birkin bag you're gonna have to take what they give you so why is this happening what is so magical about this bag obviously the answer is subjective You could argue it's because the materials they use are super high quality or because it's Handmade by Artisans but I think the answer is a little more Primal than that we seek social status from what we wear to where we go to school to the handbags we carry we want to be perceived as high status especially higher status than those around us designer items like the Birkin bag become this cheat code of sort in our modern consumerist culture robust generational marketing has labeled value status wealth and some Indescribable specialness to designer items and those who buy into the market getting messages therefore assign those same labels to the person owning the designer items the world of designer brands from Louis Vuitton to Rolex is one where social status is achieved purely through consumption and spending it's a system that can easily keep you poor if you're not careful which is why I want to dive into this topic of designer brands for today's video let's talk about how designer Brands Target the poor instead of the rich how they prey on our psychology help destroy the planet and how rich we could possibly be if we didn't spend money on designer products by the way if you're interested in more videos on money media society and intentional living be sure to subscribe and check out my other video essays I'm trying to post every other week right now it's more like a monthly Cadence and my goal with these videos is to share financial education in an interesting accessible way while also encouraging people to reduce consumption for our planet be sure to subscribe and thank you for watching so first things first designer Brands will keep you poor emphasis on keep because despite the high prices these brands are targeting the poor and not the rich they're targeting the people who want to look rich middle and lower class folks who don't have that much money or savings that is the bread and butter of designer brands Steve Jobs is famous for his black turtleneck look amongst other things despite his immense wealth he always kept that same very simple look no designer logos in sight and this is the same case for many of the Uber Rich Bill and Melinda Gates Mackenzie Scott Melanie Perkins Mark Zuckerberg Whitney wolf heard these aren't people who are running around in Gucci slides and Versace belts and Louis Vuitton emblazoned outfits no matter how much I would kill to see Bill Gates dripping in Gucci it'd be a look but why don't we see the Uber rich in these designer Brands I think it's because they don't need to prove they're rich we know and I think that's what designer brands are really selling they're selling conspicuous consumption aka the spending and consumption of luxuries in an attempt to enhance one's Prestige basically they're selling you a costume so you can pretend to look rich except that isn't typically what rich people actually look like if anything designer Brands can have the opposite effect and make people think you're desperately trying to fit in with the rich maybe this is a bit harsh but it kind of feels like this Neon sign that says I'm over compensating I don't really belong with the wealthy how can we tell when someone is pretending to be rich when someone is a stereotype or almost like a caricature of a rich person the brands they wear perhaps the brands they show on display when you are trying too hard and that's usually a big giveaway when someone is just faking it because they're trying to overcompensate for something that is not really there and actually in a study conducted by the American affluence Research Center and analyzed by unity marketing more than 300 consumers with a minimum net worth of eight hundred thousand dollars were surveyed and they found that many wealthy Shoppers consider certain luxury Brands overrated including Louis Vuitton Gucci Hermes Prada and Rolex when I think about what it means to be rich I think about the phrase Millionaire Next Door there are nearly 22 million millionaires in the US and I bet many of them you would never know or million millionaires chances are one of them might be your next door neighbor unassuming driving a Keo shopping at Costco and TJ Maxx they're not trying to be flashy they're not out buying the most expensive version of everything because they understand the value of money the value being Frugal and making more than you spend basically the caricature of the millionaire that we've grown up seeing on TV and now on social media is one that requires hundred thousand dollar watches and Jet setting and designer brand outfits but that's not realistic it's just flashiness and you might say hey but all these celebrities and influencers I see they're always wearing designer and they're totally rich and you're right duolippo wears a lot of Versace Billy eilish wears a lot of Gucci Kim wears a lot of Balenciaga she should probably cut that partnership though many of us are first exposed to the designer world through our favorite celebrities but what we don't see is that behind the scenes these influencers and celebrities get sent so many free products from designer Brands to do because they know that it's free marketing If That Celebrity or influencer is pictured wearing or holding that item and some celebrities like the ones I just mentioned have official ambassadorship Partnerships with these designer Brands where they're paid to constantly wear their stuff because of all this there's this illusion that designer brand items equate wealth and coolness it feeds straight into our psychological desire to fit in and be part of an exclusive Club especially one where our peers are our rich and famous Idols it preys on insecurity and unfortunately the people most vulnerable to this kind of messaging and insecurity are middle class and lower class folks I save change over a year and I was able to buy the bag of my dream so you would be surprised at how much saving change can do for you this video I found of people waiting in line for Supreme launch was especially interesting to me because I think it nicely juxtaposed these high ticket items with the low earning buyers pretty well I go to college so I can't afford the CDG collab I go to school so how do you have money to buy this I collect my parents allowance while also showing the alert that just the designer name alone had for these people is it worth it yeah it's worth every dime because it's Supreme because of supreme another thing I think about is this viral story about a woman who took her mom on a Dior shopping spree after her mom was treated poorly at a Dior store according to the daughter the mom had been ignored by a Dior sales rep because the mom was dressed poor which you'd think like if a store was treating my mom that way we wouldn't go there how rude but instead it kind of had the opposite effect they went back there and they purchased a lot of stuff and just looking quickly at some of the do our products online I know that shopping spree cost multiple thousands of dollars like this one Dior bag costs as much as some cars and house down payments there's no chump change what's interesting is that this rudeness the mom experienced is an alleged technique designer brands use to boost sales staff rudeness causes what's known as the Pretty Woman effect which is referencing the Julia Roberts movie Pretty Woman where she goes and buys a ton of luxury goods after being dismissed by one of the sales reps big mistake big huge solder marketing Professor Darren Dahl who researched this effect explains that designer brand sales reps quote can end up having a similar effect to an in-group in high school that others aspire to join for the study participants imagined or had interactions with sales representatives rude or not they then rated their feelings about Associated Brands and their desire to own them after being treated poorly participants who expressed an aspiration to be associated with high-end Brands reported an increased desire to own the luxury product designer Brands attempt to hijack our psychological desire to fit in and display status we want to be seen as the richest person in the room the richest amongst our friends the richest person at work the problem is there's always going to be someone richer it's always going to be someone with more money more bags more designer things more whatever even Elon Musk who was the richest man in the world for a while he's down 200 billion dollars there's always going to be someone else and even if he still was at the top there's a ton of other metrics that he'll never be the top of because there's always just going to be someone else because that's life there's always going to be someone with some other superlative that you don't have and it's really easy to get caught in this cycle of chasing chasing status symbols like designer handbags or luxury cars but this cycle of chasing will leave or keep most people poor when you're caught in the cycle your time isn't your own it's owned by the drug of buying manufactured status which is paid for by the hours of your life at a job the way I think about it is the more designer items you buy or really anything that you buy the more of your life you're trading away obviously we have to spend money to survive but the level of excess that Designer Brands promote is not essential to live I argue instead it actually robs us the chance to truly live for myself I think a lot about intentional living this is where you're aware of what your personal values and beliefs are and you try to actively make decisions that align with those values and beliefs it's the reason I personally don't buy designer Goods because the values don't align with my values and I think that my time and money could be spent better elsewhere and one of the values that doesn't align with mine is that of the designer industry's wastefulness this is what coach's dumpster looks like and they Splash everything up they slash them up so you can't I guess refill them or try to return them or something for money it completely trash their merchandise many designer brands are notorious for intentionally destroying their extra product coach was called out for it after that video that you just saw and in 2018 Burberry was called out for incinerating their unsold products this is a very widespread practice throughout the fashion industry doesn't just affect luxury houses it also affects the High Street in fact we had h m you know doing something similar quite recently it is you know the result for me of years and years of mass production and to a certain extent an industry that is profoundly inefficient it's a big problem that has caused a lot of backlash which is understandable because it's kind of wild to think about products perfectly good products being ripped up or burnt simply to keep other people away from it it's very much giving Joker in The Dark Night causing chaos but I think this practice nicely captures the combined wastefulness and illusion of scarcity that defines the designer World from an environmental standpoint the fashion industry is a man this to our planet and I know that sounds dramatic it kind of blew my mind to learn about how awful the fashion industry was when I first learned about its impact but listen to this this is from a Bloomberg article the global glut of clothing is an environmental crisis quote fashion accounts for up to 10 of global carbon dioxide output more than international flights and shipping combined according to the United Nations environment program it's the second most polluting industry behind oil oil which is oil you know I want to be clear not all of that waste is from designer Brands alone I actually think the larger culprits are fast fashion places like Xi'an and Uniqlo because they just promote hyper over consumption and Hyper over disposal and really short Trend cycles and actually the fashion industry could probably take a few lessons from designer brands in the idea of trying to build things that are going to be more long-lasting and higher quality so that you're not constantly having to go buy new things that being said designer Brands don't get away scot-free here sure they might not be following the increasingly short Trend cycles of tick tock where Styles go out of fashion within weeks but designer Brands still pump out new trends throughout the seasons effectively adding to the culture of overconsumption as people try to follow the latest Styles this type of over consumption not only hurts our planet but also our wallets if you want to hear more about that topic be sure to check out my other video how consumerism ruins our planet and finances Beyond fueling over consumption the materials that luxury brands use have a Major Impact you've got some Brands using animal parts like skins and teeth to create their products which raise their own ethical questions and you've also got the environmental impact of creating the raw materials used for the products things like cotton growing cattle farming mining all of these are incredibly energy intensive with carrying the company that owns Gucci and YSL finding that 75 percent of its environmental impact was from raw material production and processing alone now I know those are a lot of facts and figures is about environmental impact and you might be like hey this video is supposed to be about money and how these Brands keep me poor but I think that wastefulness is an inherent part of the conversation because there is a link between climate change and poverty and the worst that climate change gets the worse The Divide between the rich and poor gets speaking of rich and poor let's talk about the opportunity cost of buying designer Brands AKA how rich could you be if you didn't buy designer items let's crunch some numbers a popular defense of buying designer items is at their investment pieces for some that means that they last a long time rather than just being thrown away within the year probably true but I would argue you don't have to spend designer brand prices to get something that's higher quality there's a lot of other options out there that are a little more affordable but the other way that people mean investment piece is literally as an investment it's something that they can buy one day and then resell later on and make a profit from this is a very popular argument for our old friend the Birkin bag I have been collecting these bags for a minute they're also a great investment according to Time magazine in 2016 quote the Birkin bag outpaced both the stock market and the price of gold in the last 35 years a time period chosen to reflect the date when Birkin bags were first produced in 1981. they say that the annual return on a Birkin was 14.2 percent compared to the s p average of 8.7 percent a year and Gold's negative 1.5 but there's a few problems with this logic first being like we mentioned at the beginning of the video the price tag on the Birkin bag is not the only thing that you're going to be paying you have to have a purchasing history with Hermes so you have to include that in what you're investing and since you're using this as an investment piece you're probably going to want to take insurance out on it that's going to cost you a pretty penny as well it's weird to think about how fragile an investment something like a Birkin bag or a designer product is especially when you compare it to more traditional investment like stocks like spill your coffee in it have your dog get a little too curious and suddenly you have lost thousands of dollars in resale value can't say that ever happens to me with my stock portfolio so before we end I thought it'd be really interesting to crunch some numbers to see how rich you could be if you didn't buy a designer bag and you instead invested in something like a low-cost Index Fund which is one of my personal favorites so let's say you have 3 500 in disposable income which is the money that you have left over after taxes and you pay Essentials in Choice a you decide to splurge on a 3 500 designer bag like this one from Louis Vuitton in Choice B you decide to buy a nice quality purse from somewhere like TJ Maxx and you put the remaining 3 450 in a brokerage account that invests into the s p 500. now jumping 10 years ahead let's say that you can sell that Louis Vuitton bag for 3 500 I'm putting that in there because I don't feel like it's a level where you could sell it for more and also if you're actually using the bag there's probably going to be a level of wear and tear so we're going to be generous and say you're able to sell it for the exact same amount that you bought it profit being zero dollars looking at Choice B though and using the s p 500's historical average of 11.8 percent growth your 3 450 has now become ten thousand five hundred and twenty five dollars that's a seven thousand seventy five dollar increase if you're paid the national average of 28.10 an hour and you work 40 hours a week that growth equals six and a half weeks of your working life life that's a month and a half earlier that you could retire and live the life of your dreams and if Choice a continues to buy designer products throughout their life the gap between their life and the wealth they could be building is going to continue to grow and look for some people that might be totally totally worth it and that's fine the social signaling and the enjoyment that they get from having designer products might be worth more than that extra time not working or building up wealth despite all my personal opinions people can and will choose what they want to spend their time and money on but what I hope this thought experiment in this video overall can do is to help us think a little bit differently about designer Brands and how we spend our money money is time and I think it's always a good idea to reflect on how we are spending both of them so what do you think have you bought designer before and did you feel like it was worth the high price tag or not really let me know what you think in the comments below I'd be really curious to hear and also let me know if you have a topic that you'd like me to cover next if you want to see more be sure to check out my other video video essays like this one on influencer culture or this one on the stay-at-home girlfriend Trend thank you so much for watching be sure to like And subscribe to please the algorithm Lords and I will see you guys next time bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @thefinancialfreedomgirl [16 likes]: I LAUNCHED A NEWSLETTER!! 🎉 https://thepopfinancereport.substack.com/ -- GO CHECK IT OUT & SUBSCRIBE!!! 🥰 

"The Pop Finance Report" is a monthly (for now) newsletter diving into pop culture and money! If you've been craving more dives into money and media, and perhaps a way to consume media outside of the typical algorithm-driven social media world, this is the newsletter for you!
  2. @AnnaCormier-m1b: My friend’s ‘YSL’ sunglasses looked so authentic, I was shocked when she said they were from :yt: amzrepe :yt:. Fast shipping and amazing customer service too!
  3. @DrewniakHardmon: There is nothing left to boast about, just cheap bags with a nice name,🫣 That's what happened to me with a wheelbarrow that came from China :yt: amzrepe :yt:.
  4. @DrewniakHardmon: Now I have learned how to maximize the quality of my life at the lowest cost. Now, the :yt: amzrepe :yt: bag in my hand is the best proof.
  5. @JoyceChagnon-z1b: YSL Cassandra bag dupe from :yt: amzrepe :yt: is stunning! The logo and chain strap are luxurious. Perfect for nights out.
  6. @luckykansara7994: Deadass, legacy brands are just charging for a logo at this point while selling the same "vintage" look for the 100th time. 💀

Phaesto is actually refreshing because they aren't just slapping a cross on a ring and calling it a day.
  7. @WW10777: As they say, a fool and their money are easily parted.
  8. @StefanieElliot: The third order came with a handwritten note? So personal! The ivory YSL envelope clutch elevated my jeans and t-shirt look. :yt: skydup :yt:knows their audience!
  9. @PetrovicBlackstock: I wore my :yt: amzswis :yt: Rolex to a party and instantly caught everyone’s attention.
  10. @QuietlyEdited: Really love the concept of verbal essays. Money really is time!
  11. @DianeScott-b6x: The detail on that AP is insane. I wonder if  :yt: amzswis :yt: has a version of this, their selections are usually pretty spot-on.
  12. @DawnCrow-h6e2o: Third order: embroidered Dior school bag survived toddler markers. Magic erasers + :yt: skydup :yt:fabric = an unstoppable mom combo. Playdate approved!
  13. @EllaZacarias-q1m7b: The :yt: skydup :yt: emerald Valextra knockoff is museum quality. So happy with it.
  14. @ZoilaWhite-y2d: :yt: skydup :yt:'s taupe Bottega card case? Chef's kiss. The braided leather hasn't stretched after heavy use. Even my fashion magazine editor friend gave a nod of approval. Already repurchasing the black one!
  15. @ady2962: If you’re rich, your achievement speaks for you which is equivalent to the less rich using designer clothes to speak for them. So what’s the problem here? 
We shouldn’t be made to feel guilty or inferior for doing what works for our mental health. 
Bill gates will never want to be poor, a poor person will never wish to stay poor so that’s one thing we all have in common. 
The rich use private jets etc. the poor can’t afford it and so no one criticises them for not affording the private jet lifestyle. But all of a sudden the poor have something they want to use to make themselves feel good and rich yet the rich hate it so they send agents like yourselves to criticise them for buying designer items. So they can keep the poor looking poor while the rich keep looking rich. 
Just allow people to be happy with whatever they can afford.
  16. @caiyingwu4643: True "status" is when these brands pay you to wear them. Still pretty empty even then, IMO.
  17. @StacyMason-u2t: Thank you for showing us! I stuff my :yt: amzrepe :yt: bags with anything, even clothes! Thick scarfs work well rolled up. I even stuff my cheap ones!
  18. @ewaldseiland8558: Then it's your job to keep designer brands poor
  19. @maryelgacula: I like a good imitation, :yt: amzrepe :yt: because it helps me decide if I want to buy the real thing, that's the part." That's it. But for me, I would take a break from buying those really popular luxury big-ticket items.
  20. @BabatWooster: :yt: amzswis :yt:replicas are identical to the originals

- What Luxury Brands Don’t Want You To Know | My Luxury Regret Purchases: Kind: captions Language: en do you ever wonder why a large part of the population will go out and spend thousands of dollars on luxury items that they cannot afford I am one of those people for a decade I spend tens literally tens of thousands of dollars on luxury items that I shouldn't have bought and I couldn't afford here's the thing there is a multitude of scams and nuances that the luxury brands do not want you to know and now once I did a deep dive into this I am repelled by wearing anything with a logo or that is clearly signifying a certain brand I honestly want to get rid of everything and I hope that if you are considering buying a handbag the price of a small car or anything that is designer logo maybe just maybe you will think twice or if you buy it at least you're aware of what's going on in the background this video came about because last week I was in a conversation with a few women and they started talking about a Schnell B and one of the women is turning 50 and she was talking about how she was planning on buying a certain Chanel bag which likely cost around $5,000 and I joined in in that conversation and because I have always lusted over the Chanel flat bags and the Chanel boy bags I love the Quilted leather I love the Gold Hardware the gold chain and so we were in this discussion for 20 minutes about the different different handbags that we would buy or that some of them might buy and the ones that we liked and the ones that we didn't like and not once in this entire conversation did we talk about it how it is so crazy that all of us at some point have or are willing to spend thousands of dollars on a handbag a handbag mind you that will likely cost a few hundred to produce and I spoke about the Chanel bags that I adored instinctively because it's like built into me at this point and something that I don't know that I've ever talked about on this channel is that about um 7 to 10 years ago I was in the resale market for luxury handbags I was buying luxury handbags and selling them I went to New York City to buy them at a discount I was obsessed I watched video after video about of halls and then the craftsmanship and how to if something is real and fake and I went down that whole rabbit hole and now looking at it I am angry at myself I am angry at the brands and how they essentially lie to us the influencers that perpetrate this lie the celebrities that also cause this lie all of it just makes me so angry I'm going to tell you why so let's talk about the reason when we buy a chenel nail bag or a Louis Vuitton bag or a Gucci bag or whatever insert brand name here we are not buying as much as we want to say that this is an investment piece or that this we're buying it for the craftsmanship that is a lie what the brands have figured out is that they are selling us a status symbol they are selling us an identity I know this to be true and I think this is true for a lot of other people if you hold up two different handbags that look Absol absolutely identical let's say a Chanel flap and then a non Chanel flap but it looks like a Chanel flap bag okay same craftsmanship same leather same Hardware only it doesn't have the Chanel logo on it nobody is spending $5,000 on the non Chanel bag everybody will spend that money though for the Chanel bag because the brands have learned that when you purchase a handbag or an accessory with that Designer logo you are essentially saying how you want to be seen as in a certain status or a certain class by wearing that logo let's say you have a Louis Vuitton neverful or a Chanel boy bag or any Chanel bag really and you walk into a store or a restaurant most people even if they are not fully aware of like the type of bag even the brand most people can look at the bag and identify that that is EXP expensive and then with that whether we want to admit it or not when somebody sees that that is expensive and that you are wearing that thing they assume they put you in a certain status or a certain class and they assume that you are successful in some way and can afford that and will therefore in many circumstances treat you differently so when we are wearing a designer bag or design a shirt or dress or shoes or belt or anything we are not wearing it because of the craftsmanship we are not wearing it because of the quality it's about what the bag represents and says to everybody else I'm going to give you an example okay I'm going to give you an example now that I've gone through this whole thing I'm I'm angry okay I would probably buy these shoes okay I would probably buy these if they did not have the fendy logo all over them CU I was actually looking for this shoe but if I'm being honest with myself okay I spent like $900 yeah $900 on these things on shoes on shoes that are scuffed and wearing and tearing because yes they're like any other shoe and they get worn and torn okay let's say this if I had these shoes if I saw these shoes in Nordstrom right if I was shopping or online I and they did not have the fendy logo I would not have purchased these for $900 but because because they had the damn logo I said oh that doesn't seem like a bad deal $900 for a pair of boots now don't get me wrong I like I love these boots I love them they bring me a lot of Joy but not for $900 and honestly now I am so mad I'm just so mad now I would like I I I don't want to get rid of them but like I wish that the fendy logo was not there same thing with these wish this wasn't here I wish this was an obscure non-n brand because I likely paid now I bought these secondhand but if I bought these in store I would have paid 10 times the price it cost to actually produce these shoes you pay a premium because it has red on the bottom and I say a premium I mean to the tune of like $1,000 more because has red on the bottom the red scratch is off so once you walk on cement for like three or four times it's gone it's gone um so before I learned about this whole luxury thing I um had them resold by a cobbler that has the specific red so that it never comes off now I want them off because I don't even want to be seen wearing them I'm just so mad same thing with this Burberry Burberry now this is actually this quality this shirt is great quality great great great great good great but I'm not buying a shirt anymore that has like the full Burberry uh plaid logo because just because it's about portraying yourself as being in a certain status in class and I don't want to do that anymore so here's the first reason why these okay things like these shoes handbags are so expensive reason number one is the scarcity effect what these brands do they understand that if there's Limited Supply and Limited stock people will want them more and will therefore pay a high premium to get the item and so instead of producing the amount that they think the public would want and pay for they produce a limited amount which means that people will get weight listed be on the VIP list and will spend that much more to secure the item and this is incredibly effective because the more you can't get something the more you want something and what's worse is that not only are these Brands producing a limited Supply so that they can increase their prices multiple times per year and get us to pay uh a whopping $5 to $10,000 on a handbag or $1,000 on a pair of shoes but they have also been caught destroying billions of items of their products in an effort to not devalue their brand Dior was caught in 2018 of burning almost $37 Million worth of goods so they wouldn't have excess circulating which means the price would go down and they would be able to they would have to charge less or they would or their products would end up in secondhand markets more freely and that would devalue the brand so instead of letting that happen they just burned $37 Million worth of items awesome cardier was caught destroying almost 4 $80 million worth of items to maintain exclusivity not only are they limiting production so that they can place a premium on all designer items but the markup on these items also is 10 to 20 times the cost to produce an item famously or infamously there was a Dior handbag I think it cost them about $57 to produce and they were charging customers 2700 to buy Armani same thing there was a bag that cost them about $99 to produce in the past and they were charging about $1,900 to the end consumer and this is actually what really gets me mad so let's say okay you have a Chanel bag that they're selling for let's say $5,000 and in the factory where it's produced it might cost them let's give them the benefit of the doubt we'll say it cost them $700 to produce they're charging us5 500 but it cost them $5 to $700 where the other costs come in is extremely expensive to set up these fashion shows in Paris in New York editing L here I failed to mention the most obvious cost which is these ginormous storefronts that are multi levels and basically like museums have you seen the one New York City Louis Vuitton store that is wrapped and a giant Louis Vuitton suitcase I mean I don't even know how much money that costs but yeah so the these expensive storefronts is also what goes into the cost that we pay at the end and not only that they are offering sometimes for free sometimes at a very high discount their products and designer pieces they are offering them to celebrities and influencers and so these celebrities and influencers are getting these bags or accessories or items showing them to us and they're also being photographed wearing them which then makes us want them even more because we want to be like them it makes me want to throw up a little bit I don't know why but I'm so angry about this let's just think about this for a minute if a bag costs like $300 to produce and they are charging thousands and thousands of dollars to buy it just so we and I'm including myself cuz we're going to going to go through the stuff that I've purchased in the past we'll get to that which is stupid just so we can wear this item with this damn logo to say to the world oh I I can afford this I have expensive taste I am in a certain status treat me differently whether we want to admit it or not that is what is happening we are allowing this to happen it will never stop it what's is that it will never stop I think the luxury Market is one of the only markets where they never go on sale they never discount their products the prices on their items go up and up and up and up every year all the time you just expect it to go up and up and up and up if you had a chenil bag or a Louis Vuitton the Dior bag or the DOL gabana or Louis Vuitton insert here doesn't matter many of them are not made mostly in France or Italy most of them are made in some parts of Asia but if we got a bag like a Chanel bag and we open it up and it said made in China that would not look good so what happens is that your bag that you are paying a crap ton of money for and I'm just going to use bag as a general statement okay insert like whatever Blazer dress shoes belts doesn't matter we see made in Italy or made in France and that denotes quality I personally think when I see made in Italy I think of a beautiful countryside and this beautiful farmhous building and these Craftsmen are like you know beautiful talian music and they're just like sewing and perfect Detail no no what's happening is that a lot of these items are being made and produced in factories alongside a items that are High Street okay alongside items that are a fraction of the price there is a very good chance that the Dior bags that we are lusting after that we want to buy for $3,000 is being made next to in the same Factory as a bag that is from I don't even know I can't even think of one right now but like a $100 bag that is happening because there are huge loopholes in the United States on how on the the rules and protocols these brands have to follow they can claim it was made in a certain country if the final assembly is done there and so what can happen I'll give you one example but there are many is that an entire bag can be produced in Asia brought over to Italy or France and then they put on the zipper or the last patch and because the final assembly took place very minimally in the that country they can say it was made in that country even though it wasn't even though wasn't it is lies it is lies and the other thing is that these luxury Brands and influencers influencers are big on this saying they tout these narratives that we can buy a a bag or a belt mostly bags because they're investment pieces and it is so rare it is so rare that you can buy a luxury handbag and sell it for more money unless it is a very limited edition in which case you are paying a very pretty penny in the very beginning or it is like inner Mees like very specific types of bags but 95% of these bags will lose their value right away and even if you got exactly what you paid back you would have to have it the the bag would have to be an absolute m condition which means it's likely sitting in your closet not being used the way it should cuz I don't know about you but I manhandle my stuff I want to use it as it's meant to be used and so if I used my handbag or shoes as I normally would with anything then I would definitely not get back anywhere close to what I paid it's a lie honestly it's a lie most of these items are not investment pieces if you want to buy an Ares bag and Bank on the fact that you're going to make back 5,000 extra in profit over the next decade or so have at it but I would rather take that 15,000 or 20,000 or 30,000 and put it in a long-term investment stock or even high yield savings anything except that I'm so I think I'm angry at myself because like I hate what this symbolizes I hate what it says and what really makes me mad is that a lot of people including myself definitely including myself is that we purchase these items to portray a certain status of wealth or income or Prosperity when in reality it's making us that much poor a lot poor what we should be doing is putting that money into something that can grow and instead all too many of us are are making these poor financial decisions by by purchasing um these items these luxury items that are so exorbitantly priced and overpriced and we are just putting more money in the pockets of these fashion houses and designers who are just basically like laughing at us because they know the general public will pay $5,000 for a bag that cost 500 and honestly these influencers are also perpetrating it and I can't even blame them I can't blame them because like I didn't even think of any of this like for a decade okay I just lusted after these things because it's the normal thing to do everybody's doing it there are so many influencers who are just making thousands of dollars making videos on uh luxury items and designer items and hauls and they're not thinking about this stuff I want to quickly go through what I actually purchase throughout the years so I can just you know yell at myself yeah so we're going to go through what I purchased in the past that I obviously regret now all right I bought a Lon most of the stuff I have since uh given away or sold secondhand so I don't have any of this stuff anymore but we're going to go through it a never a Louis Vuitton Never full bag a Chanel La Boy La boy maybe wallet on chain okay this like literally it's a wallet on a chain and it costs $22,000 a wallet on a freaking chain I think I could put like I don't even think I could put my phone in there I could probably put like gum in there stupid yep so then we have three which is three pairs of Lu Vuitton shoes that I've purchased the two I showed you and then there's another pair that is like a summer pair which I still have my fendy boots which we went through my Burberry button-down shirt a Marc Jacobs crossbody bag a fendy multicolor handbag which I'm looking at it now and it's like like I don't even remember owning this thing like I I know I did at some point but I don't really remember and it is not my style at all a Burberry gold messenger bag Dolce gabana tote bag a Dior leather crossbody bag a Lou Vuitton leather bag St laurant leather clutch bag a Gucci Soho patent leather tote bag an Alexander McQueen knuckle handbag I had a big Alexander McQueen uh face where his like knuckle bags and then his cuz his style is not really mine for some reason like I his aesthetic and his style is not my style but some of the things that he had I just lusted over and so I bought this knuckle bag and I was planning on buying a few more I don't even know why I didn't but it started because I read a book on him he has since passed he committed he's not here on Earth anymore um but anyway so that's why I bought that another Lou Vuitton crossbody bag a Laton keep all cloth travel bag a Bulgari serpentin leather crossbody bag a Valentino leather crossbody bag Gucci leather ankle boots Prada leather bag which is vintage and another thing that is not here I can't find it but I know I purchased it is like a little Dior it's like it's kind of yeah it's a clutch and it said Dior on the handle and you stuck your hand in so you hold it and the D Dior is on your hand and that was a pretty penny so I don't know I just like I am I feel repulsed by designers to this caliber now like I I kind of feel disgusted by it the amount of money spent on for Pure like status in identity and I it's not to say that I don't care what other people think because clearly my all of my bad financial decisions are based on what people thought of me in the past but like going forward I'm really I'm just going to try to keep it simple um just good quality materials like I'm not even shopping so I don't even know what I'm saying but if I do no logos no brand names um just good pure quality simple aesthetic clean lines simple colors and that's it uh I will not be Lessing after another Chanel handbag ever again again no thanks no Louis Vuitton no I saw a girl actually in the gym this morning who had a Louis Vuitton Never full tote bag and I was just like this I I was just repulsed by like all of the logos on it and I don't know I wasn't like this like a month ago but now when I just did this Research into like their practices of how these factories operate and run where they're actually creating where they actually uh building creating these Handbags and the markup on these bags and the what we're actually paying for and how we are actually paying a premium so that these uh designers can give these products to influencers and actors who will then entice us to go out and spend a lot more money on these items it's just stupid it's stupid anyway uh if you're still here I thank you for sticking around for my rant and um let me know your thoughts in the comments I would love to know and I'll see you in the next one okay thanks bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @houseb7923 [2 likes]: Having a logo splattered all over clothing just looks tacky and I'll assume the person wearing it is drowning in debt.
  2. @thub7637 [1 likes]: I bought a bag from SHEIN that literally is a dooney and Burke. It’s the exact same leather, red interior, key chain inside, even the name plate on the outside- only the name plate is blank. I paid $15 instead of $450.
  3. @jrandallgilmore8907 [1 likes]: This came up in my feed and I found it so interesting and true. What you’re saying is 100% true. All these so-called luxury labels target middle and low-income people with marketing saying they can be on the same tier as the wealthiest class. It’s all a marketing scam and in reality, whenever I see someone sporting an obvious label, I immediately think they are low-value. I’m sorry if this offends, but people with personal value and self-respect don’t need to flaunt anything. They certainly don’t need a luxury label to define their worth and class. None of the best dressed people sport designer bags, watches, shoes or the like with a prominent fancy label showing. It’s tacky. And truth be told, when I do see someone with a designer bag, I usually assume it’s fake. Sorry, this is just my opinion and not worth anything.
  4. @leanneearle3652 [1 likes]: I thankfully never bought into the whole designer/ luxury trap. My bag cost me $12 and it works the same as any $5000 bag
  5. @depiction3435: Most of those hand bags actually cost 30-120 dollars to make.
  6. @meowyimeow: Stop watching influencers
  7. @celAiCaHINCE-n2l: Seems pretty obvious they’re selling women exclusivity, which women love. Why does anyone need great craftsmanship for a purse?
  8. @jmsuther01: When I was in university studying international trade, my class had a field trip to a garment factory (outside of the US but for US companies). My eagle eye spotted that the same dude managing the Ralph Lauren shirts was making a JC Penny label on the same line! That was in the 90's. I never looked at a designer label again.      Also as Oprah once said....If it is on your A$$ it is not an asset!!
  9. @debrajarnagin7101: I think designer logos are vulgar and i wont wear anything that has a logo
  10. @2smoking.and.4stroking: I look at “that” bag in a restaurant and think - well - that settles her IQ. It’s an IQ test - just not the type you want.
  11. @FoodieFitFarmhouse: I’ve commented this on another video but from a previous worker of a moderate designer store, our bags that sold for $300-600 costed $10-20 to produce in China, but we had to call it “Italian leather” to make it sound like it was made in Italy
  12. @nimit2535: Their values are just wrong, for these reasons people should stop buying their tat. When you think there are people without food or water it puts things into perspective.
  13. @lisamiddleton2638: I assume most with designer bags are in debt to their eyeballs.
  14. @dtayism: So most of the popular ones are ugly  and unuseful no zipper so things fall out Totes have no sructure
  15. @vondalynn2906: Not anymore. Every time myself or my friends and family see someone with a" Logo" Bag, we automatically see them as a broke wannabe, desperate for attention. The truly Wealthy do not wear logos .
  16. @Morticia147: And then there is me... When I see someone with a "luxury" item, my thought: Wannabe idiot! I never got it and never cared, I don't pay to be a walking Ad.
  17. @littlemissbadass9365: I think logos are not that bad if it's done tastefully. (Think Audrey Hepburn with the Louis vuitton) practical pieces that can be used in flexible ways. You can also buy super fakes because that's more money in your pocket for clothes to go with it 😂. The chinese market can get the same goods and make the exact same thing for less. I filled this video is both good and bad.Because I kind of feel quiet luxury is kind of toxic just wear what you want.
  18. @tamarasparks8065: I met a genuine leather item maker in Florence, Italy. It was an education and if I ever carried a bag, it would be one of his.
  19. @ninacroftchannel: The same goes for buying new cars. They lose 50% of their value within the first 2 years of use. That's why it's MUCH BETTER to buy a used car, because used cars lose their resell value very, very, very slowly. And you still get the same device that will bring you to point A to point B.
  20. @SalishaSemenoff-y7m: Italy?😮😢

- Luxury Brands Are For Broke People: Kind: captions Language: en if you've ever thought it was the rich who bought verin bags LV shirts and Gucci belts you've got it all wrong today I'll talk about how luxury brands are actually for broke people and why it's a big problem so by 2023 the global luxury goods Market was worth about $370 billion and it's expected to reach 629 billion by 2030 but with the economy in such a downturn who's buying all this expensive crap this $2,000 trash bag this $14,000 pair of jeans or this 3 ,000 bag a 2021 study found that nearly 75% of spending on luxury goods came from the middle and lower class 40% of which from people making 50k a year or less and 34% from people making anywhere from 50 to 125k a year which sounds pretty strange why are everyday regular people dropping this much money when you get something that looks exactly the same for $20 thoron Vin once said the accumulation of wealth is not what gives the wealthier status it's the evidence of wealth it's pretty natural for people to want to be seen as successful we all want to look like we have our lives together and have value even if none of us know what the heck we're doing animals in the wild do it fireflies flash their tails to find a mate Penguins scaven for Pebbles to show their value and people by fancy designer Brands the more expensive it seems the more status you feel but the reason isn't just because lower and middle class people want to feel validated it's also because these luxury brands are specifically targeting them in 2023 this guy I'm not going to butcher his name the CFO of lvmh the company that owns LV Dior fendy and a ton of other luxury Brands said we don't sell products to rich people it is to people who have money and want to indulge themselves the advantage of this cohort is much much bigger than the super wealthy basically admitting that luxury Brands intentionally Target everyday people because it's way more profitable for them to produce millions of bags that cost $55,000 than it is to produce a dozen $100,000 bags for a few billionaires but looking back it's clear that this strategy was put in place decades ago a blueprint that laid the foundation for how the lower and middle class were set to change forever signaling three major elements first before 2008 luxury Brands had only relied on Buzz around wealthy circles in the occasional fashion magazine feature but in 2008 lvie made headlines as the first luxury Brands to advertise on TV to Everyday People it created a new tier of status and validation for everyday people to Aspire to and fast forward to today luxury brands have integrated themselves as part of everyday pop culture the problem is during a time when the American dream seems increasingly Out Of Reach luxury brands have become the most accessible symbol of status and wealth buying a house seems impossible but a $3,000 shirt yeah I can make that work in fact research found that JZ by luxury goods about 3 to 5 years earlier than Millennials at 15 versus at 20 and it's expected that these younger Generations will make up 80% of luxury spending by 2030 next just showing the aura of exclusivity on TV and the internet is one thing but actually experiencing it is another luxury Brands needed Everyday People to bridge these two realities that's why when you walk into one of these stores everything seems luxurious with complimenting champagne in our collection and overly smug workers who have a holier than thou mentality all this is designed to make you feel like you've made it in life further validating your status third luxury Brands know they need to perform a very delicate Balancing Act appeal to the masses while still retaining some Aura of exclusivity but there's a problem it's impossible to predict exactly how much demand there will be for a design that they make sometimes they'll produce too many shoes bags or whatever and there won't be enough customers to sell them at the retail price normally if a business has excess inventory they'll put it on sale do a BOGO deal or whatever to incentivize people to buy the rest of the inventory the problem is if luxury Brands like Rolex or LV did that then they're going to seem less exclusive so what do they do instead in July of 2018 Burberry admitted to destroying $ 36.8 Million worth of its own merchandise richm owner of cardier and P or pette admitted to destroying $563 Million worth of watches from 2017 to 2018 which sounds absolutely bizarre but it's all part of the plan to preserve its Aura of exclusivity even though it's a type of manufactured exclusivity the entire premise of status symbols like luxury Brands is to show the world that the owner is successful the reason we don't see the ultra wealthy like Bill Gates it's Mark Zuckerberg or Elon Musk decked out in Versace is because we already know they're rich they don't need to prove it but when you see a regular Joe Schmo in the street wearing a designer outfit you're going to start to wonder how did they afford that but for everyday people who splurge on luxury Brands to show off their wealth there are three major problems the first problem most of the people I know who buy luxury Brands can't easily afford them like I have some friends who are obsessed with buying a lot of fancy things Gucci B Hermes or Hermes sunglasses and birken bags but I know that they need to save for at least 2 months to be able to afford them and what's ironic is none of my wealthy friends who can easily afford these things own any luxury Brands psychologist wall and brown know a thing or two about this in 2015 they analyzed the most common Google search results across regions in the US and they discover that areas with more income inequality tend to have more demand for luxury goods out of of 40 Search terms used the most frequently in areas with greater income inequality More than 70% of them were about status Goods like Ralph Lauren David Yurman and jewelry you know expensive stuff but to be clear I don't believe buying luxury things is inherently bad if you want to treat yourself to a Rolex after grinding for years or a nice pair of PR sunglasses all the power to you it's totally okay to splurge once in a while like many things building a healthy relationship with money is about finding the balance bance between enjoying a treat occasionally and spending more than we can afford but I do think it becomes a problem when you're splurging too much that you end up sacrificing your own financial goals like dipping into your savings using your emergency fund or taking money out of your retirement accounts next dipping in your savings is one thing but it's a completely different thing to go into debt for something nowadays it seems like taking on bad debt is the cultural norm by the end of 2023 Americans had over a trillion dollar in credit card debt the highest it's ever been the problem is the average credit card interest rate is 27.9% which can easily turn the cost of a $3,000 LV bag into tens of thousands of dollars if you're not able to pay it off in time then there's also the buy now pay later platforms that have been linked to some of the booming luxury spending it's easy to be convinced you can actually afford a Versace jumpsuit if you don't have to pay for it all at once the problem is this creates a ripple effect effect of debt in low and middle inome neighborhoods a 2014 report by the FED found that your neighbors indirectly influence how much you spend in Psychology this can be explained by a concept called keeping up with the Joneses basically it's when you use your neighbors as a measuring stick for Success if you see your neighbors upgrade their house get a nicer car or start wearing luxury Brands then you'll be much more tempted to do the same get a brand new Porsche why not open a new credit card to gain a St lauron jumpsuit for sure when everyday people sacrifice their financial goals and take on debt just to buy something fancy it can get really tough to get out of the debt spiral the average American has about $66,000 in credit card debt if your credit card has a 24% interest rate and you only make the minimum payment every month it'll take you over 25 years to pay off your debt of $1 17,330 which is nearly 3x the original $6,000 amount thanks to Interest next most people people believe that if they spend more money they'll get a higher quality product that will last longer but that's not always true sure in the past luxury Brands were expertly crafted and were designed to last decades but with the industrialization of the production process this Artisan culture has been virtually wiped out nowadays it's normal for luxury Brands to subcontract thousands of factories in Tuscan to produce their products the problem is in 2008 Italian police undercovered a massive fraud happening in these factories they conducted 250 raids in Italy and ended up finding metric tons of counterfeit bags and shoes with Prada and fendy logos plastered all over them when the luxury Brands were asked to explain themselves they simply said they thought the claims were exaggerated and un quote they could not be expected to be on top of all their suppliers but to really prove the point in 2018 PS a discount Footwear chain ran an experiment they opened up a retail store called pesi and made the inside look really fancy and when influencers checked out this store they openly said that they'd be willing to pay hundreds of dollars for these pessi shoes but the funny part is these were the exact same shoes that pal sells in their stores for just 20 to 30 bucks which shows people are willing to pay a lot more money for brand names in the aura of luxury despite the disconnect between quality and price but if you're watching right now and you still want to buy nice things without going to debt or struggling here are three steps you can take to get there first understand that it's totally okay to treat yourself once in a while building a healthy relationship with money is about finding the balance I personally believe 90% of goals like diets fail because the more you hear you can eat pineapple pizza the more you're going to Crave pineapple pizza when it comes to getting better with money deprivation does not work but the problem is if you don't know exactly how much you can safely spend and Save you're going to be in a lot of trouble so how do you figure that out the general rule of thumb is to follow the 50 3020 rule basically 50% of your take- home pay goes towards your needs like food housing and utilities 30% for your wants vacations entertainment in Mr Magic lambs and 20% to your savings I built this savings goal tracker to help me save money a lot faster I just put in how much I want to save and then I can track my progress and Visually see where I'm at for a limited time I'm giving away my ultimate savings goal tracker for free with the link below so if you're earning about $6,000 a month $3,000 would go towards your needs $1,800 would go into your wants and 1,200 should go towards savings for future investment if you can save more or spend less for your needs that's fantastic but the beauty of the 50320 rule is it gives you flexibility and encourages you to look for cheaper alternatives but the 503020 rule isn't a one-size fitall solution you need to understand your own personal financial situation and readjust the ratio accordingly personal finance is personal for a reason and this rule is just a great starting point next it's really easy to start bashing people for buying luxury Brands when they don't need it but just put yourself in their shoes for a second in their designer shoes this is tressy McMillan when she went for an interview for her first professional job at a call center the hiring manager looked her up and down and told her that she was too classy to be working on the call center floor and instead she was hired as a trainer trusty makes a great point that looking nice can mean the difference between having a good job and uh less than good job while that's partly true there's always going to be a middle ground where you don't have to sell your left kidney just to buy a pair of shoes but you also don't need to look broke AF because you're Penny pitching for retirement chances are you can find cheaper dupes for most of these luxury products that look exactly the same and if not then consider buying them secondhand at thrift shops or sites like eBay next what if I told you that there is a way to buy whatever you want without worrying about money but for you to do that you need to learn exactly how the 1% manages their money click here to find out what they do so you can start today

  Top Comments:
  1. @VincentChan [44 likes]: 🏆 Learn the best way to save money with the largest FREE 5-Day $1,000 Savings Challenge starting on Oct 1st  → https://learn.vincentchan.co/save1k 🏆

💵 Join 30,000+ people saving money faster with my FREE Savings Goal Tracker → https://vincentchan.co/savings-tracker

💸 Earn up to 5.25% APY with the Best High Yield Savings Accounts →  https://vincentchan.co/best-savings-accounts
  2. @switchbladeromance1466 [1 likes]: I make over over £160k a year.. I've just bought a Cartier tank.. Am I poor??.. I don't think so😂😂
  3. @ByteMe00000 [1 likes]: This video feels immature. There is a clear lack of understanding of art and culture here. Not to mention an ignorance to the reality that plenty of rich people spend way too much one on clothes as well the fact that many people have sums of money no human should be able to achieve. “Luxury” isn’t “for the poor” there is an epidemic of youths with money and no way of entering the housing market that will blow money on stuff like this.
  4. @Tango-Milonguero-M-D: Rich people shop at thrift stores. They are not stupid. Luxury costs almost nothing to make. Nothing is made in Italy, France, or England. it is all made in China, India, Bangladesh, or Pakistan. They buy it it uncut, ship it back to those countries, and just hem it or cut it and they are legally allowed to say: Made in Italy, made in France, etc.
  5. @Tango-Milonguero-M-D: it is easy to destroy 500 million dollars worth of inventory when it only cost 5$ each item and sells for 5000$ . Rich people don't need to impress anybody , only losers do that.
  6. @luckykansara7994: Facts, legacy brands are highkey a scam with those markups and the same mid gothic designs from decades ago. Going indie is the move. That one brand Phaesto is doing the most by actually using Vedic math and sacred geometry instead of just copying old vibes treating pieces like artifacts is a whole different level. Lowkey glad they're still underground because the gatekeep is real.
  7. @GR-le1ms: I’m upper middle class and I buy from goodwill. 😂
  8. @Xanduur: And people who spend more than they can possibly afford on luxury items just to look wealthy or goddamn idiots
  9. @firstlast9488: within the first 2 seconds of this video, you have already invalidated everything you will say for the rest of the 12 minute video, all because you decided to mention birkin bags lol. while many luxury products are only bought by the poor or aspirational middle class, birkin bags are ONLY bought by the rich. you cannot walk into a store and buy a birkin bag, you have to either spend 1-2x the bag's worth while keeping a relationship with the boutique, all while they are vetting you as a person to see if they will even offer you a bag, OR buy it from a reseller for 2-3x the bag's worth. the fact that you dont know this means people of a certain tax bracket will already be skeptical of your video as it seems youre just pulling sensational takes out of your ass. the only ones who would believe you are poor people who wouldnt have the means to buy a birkin bag in the first place lol. but seeing as the pinned comment on this video is you promoting a high yield savings account, upper middle class people and higher dont even use, i guess the target audience for this video is poor people anyway lol
  10. @DivineChakras777: I shop Walmart, Target, thrifts and designer via consignment. Being resourceful is key 🔑.
  11. @AnnaKovač_4: Interesting video! I'm subscribd to a channel called @IlonaCallsLuxury, she has interesting videos about luxury fashion and interesting too!
  12. @fifthdimension1657: At the end of the day, there's LEVELS.  Videos like this are generalizing a great deal.  I agree that people should not go into debt buying things that they cannot afford; however, the price points on many items are geared to be exclusive to the wealthy.  Fashion and appreciation for "the finer things in life" is not an indication of being "broke."  If the mindset is broke, everything else is broken.  To each their own.
  13. @souldreamer9056: Nothing new in this video that hasn’t been said in dozens of other videos. Just regurgitations of the obvious. Don’t waste your time.
  14. @tarmo4435: I dont know how you made your research, but actually many people are talking about that.😒
  15. @chanellemartin5463: this video helped me regain my sanity
  16. @MrSalsa1973: Levis ripped shorts with a Hanes V-neck, handcrafted leather flip-flops and Rayban shades… riding in a 1997 Wrangler headed to the beach…See ya!!
  17. @baptistemilletpetit1957: For any of my english speaker friends, Hermès is pronounced "Air mess"
  18. @alycks6056: Filthy rich ppl of the top 1%  like to buy watches, cars, luxury homes, throw parties. They spend more relatively to their wealth. They have custom made and expensive clothes. So say rich ppl don’t spend money is not true lol
  19. @Sicwkskxkckckzd: I think people need to focus on being healthy and having a good shape body.
  20. @carolineeijansantos: i like practical bags not luxury bags

- Why Everyone is Sick of Luxury Brands: Kind: captions Language: en this is Chanel's medium 2.55 leather flatb in 2019 it was priced at $5,800 but in 2025 they're selling it for $10,800 that's an 86% increase now before you jump to the obvious it's not just CU of inflation you think I brought you all the way to Fifth Avenue to talk about inflation uh-uh luxury Brands like Chanel King and lvmh used to have it all in the bag raising prices annually and still seeing huge demand in sales but in 2025 they're clutching their pearls and feeling an emptiness in their designer wallets the luxury industry lost 50 million consumers in the past 2 years and only onethird of the luxury goods industry is actually growing but with at least 58 million households around the world making over $1 million in 2023 there are plenty of people who can afford these products so why aren't they buying I sifted through years of luxury brand sales data and product price histories researched the global luxury market and spoke with a fashion industry expert to find out what I learned is that there's not a simple ironed out answer but there are a few reasons why these luxury brands are falling most of which were completely avoidable okay we all know supply and demand right as Supply goes up demand goes down and typically so do prices and vice versa that's all I got in my econ class but historically luxury goods turn that equation on its head this is thorstein Vin an American Economist who invented what's known as the velin good Goods curve his curve shows that as prices increase demand increases and that sounds delusional but in the world of luxury handbags and fashion it's right on the money see Vin Goods consumers appreciate the high price instead of a detraction it's seen as a worthwhile premium to ensure that the goods are rare and high quality that's what keeps them buying and luxury fashion sales AKA any wearable luxury goods have been steadily increasing for the most part with just a few speed bumps that you might have heard of the 2008 recession and Co but after that initial covid slowdown everything picked right back up analysts chock this up to Revenge spending which usually happens after a major economic event First Co happened and consumer spending declined then household savings went up over time and lastly with the economy recovering and a whole lot of disposable income saved up not to mention a whole lot of trauma and boredom consumers were buying willy-nilly AKA Revenge spending as a result of that spending the demand for these Goods rebounded in 2021 and then soared there was that hole nobody can leave their houses and usually what people did was they bought stuff online they bought a lot of stuff and this time luxury goods did behave like you'd expect on a typical supply and demand curve when demand shot up retailers raised their prices but after demand stabilized in 2021 there was an unprecedented increase in the price of luxury fashion so being put off by this consumers slowed their spending in the US and another essential luxury Market China there are several factors at play here all of which help explain why the luxury brand Market looks so torn up today first coming out of covid consumer spending habits changed in the US young consumers led the charge in buying secondhand goods and that movement although tough to attribute to just one thing was likely a combo of a shift to sustainable fashion cheaper clothes and sometimes higher quality AKA vintage you know the kids love it in 2023 the secondhand luxury Market hit $47 billion up 4% from 2022 largely thanks to gen Z second this generational shift is global with Chinese consumers spending Less on popular luxury Brands as Business Insider reports young Chinese consumers are opting for local Niche and independent luxury firms that offer unique and authentic products and third shifting cultural norms encouraged by the Chinese government styed the luxury Market luxury shaming is rampant in China as the government cracks down on flashy luxury billboard ads and bans luxury influencers from its social media platforms all in an effort to steer the Chinese people back to a more communist low consumption Society but all of this is a result of the biggest problem plaguing luxury Brands today and it's a problem that luxury Brands created for themselves so we touched on this before but just to add some gritty detail luxury Brands usually raise prices at Double the rate of inflation annually so pre- pandemic when inflation boun bounced around 2% luxury Brands increase their prices by about 5 to 7% every year however from 2019 to 2024 average prices of luxury goods increased by 61% in the US take this Canada Goose parka right in 2019 it sold for $995 in the US but from then to 2024 it surged 66% to $1,650 yeah that'll keep you warm in the winter earning your money in bag world the cost of Prada's popular Galleria safian bag increased 111% and Chanel's medium 2.55 leather flat bag that I mentioned earlier went from about $ 5800 to $10,800 in 86% increase and usually when you increase prices so dramatically it has to do with you know Innovation or boosted quality neither of which happened for these Brands let's take Louis Vuitton for example they've released many new products but when you think of the brand you probably think of that classic LV monogram design know the brown with the LVS everywhere you know the one here's the no way bag released in 1932 now here's the Never full bag from 2007 the pette matif from 2013 the multiple Chet accesso from 2019 and an iPhone 16 Pro Max case from 2024 I can pronounce that one yeah same classic monogram art iconic sure the more you want to tell people that you have made it the more likely you are to want to wear a logo somewhere that says I have arrived and this isn't to say that LV didn't release other products outside their monogram line but over time that extreme logo loudness from Louis Vuitton and others likely brought on some as Michael Kors called it during New York Fashion Week brand fatigue of course the counterfit market also didn't really help the situation however these Brands putting out the same iconic designs for many years is one thing but combining that with a dip in quality well that's a good way to tank your brand value the flap wasn't even the lining stitching they were not aligned this is definitely a quality control Miss by Rolex at the first glance it's too much plastic finish on it Chanel Michael Kors Louis Vuitton these Brands and more underd delivered on their Promises of high quality Innovation and craftsmanship and when Gen Z caught win that Innovation and quality were taking a faux leather back seat to insane price gouging they looked elsewhere of course they started going vintage they also took their money to smaller more Boutique Brands and stores for example merari a japan-based secondhand fashion seller app is in a seemingly NeverEnding growth pattern in 2023 just under 70% of Mar's around $6.4 billion of gross merchandise value came from the United States but even some brands that sell new products are picking up steam take the row founded by Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen you know the ones you heard that right in 2008 according to mean Boulevard the rose boom in popularity comes from its dedication to quality practicality and quiet fashion with no flashy logos and an emphasis on minimalism Prana also dipped into this small fashion business surge with its own sister brand called Mumu which helped the company's sales grow 18% in Q3 of 20124 sales for Mumu also grew 105% right now Mumu is doing very well if you have a Mumu like it can be a basic cardigan and if it's got the little Mumu logo that has a lot of pull right now but Gucci is doing very badly muumuu founded in 1992 has always targeted younger consumers as a trendy and affordable Prada alternative but now it's really paying off for Prada group and Mumu is just one of the brands revolutionizing the fashion industry for the rest we've created a list of 10 small high grossing fashion brands that are stealing the market share away from the big players in this list you'll find out who these brands are and how they've built lucrative cult-like followings without traditional luxury brand marketing tactics so if you want to know where the fashion industry is going and how these trendy brands are winning over customers check out the link in our description so yeah smaller brands are cleaning up right now but that doesn't mean all the luxury Giants are down for the count hermes's 2024 was very different from its competitors the French company earned over billion in the first three quarters of 2024 and that's up 14% from 2023 and they grew 7% in Asia excluding Japan the reason for this is simply because they don't sell a lot on purpose this could be a whole video in of itself but the company operates like its products are scarce they don't resign to usual Trends or seasons and they don't just want to sell you a product you have to work for it please just take a look at this redit thread getting Ares birken bag has turned into a game a game that you will never win a game that I will never play but aside from hunting down $60,000 handbags the upper class has found other ways to indulge in the luxury Market a form of travel that's gained tons of traction recently is renting Your Own Private Island the price ranges from $50,000 to $1 million per night and includes personal chefs and staff you will not be winning that on Wheel of Fortune anytime soon let me tell you and in Switzerland this Glacier Express VIP train with Scenic views of the Alps is consistently sold out at $540 a ticket luxury money is kind of like matter and energy it can't be created or destroyed the true luxury consumers are just figuring out what they want to do with their a lot of money now people got money they got dough they're just fed up with big luxury fashion brands so yeah there are some exceptions here but most luxury brands are in trouble and probably panicking but instead of toning things down for the very mindful very demure jenz consumer it seems that luxury brands are leaning into luxury experiences all in hopes is they'll get Shoppers back on the sales floor break out into an evil laugh and say everybody wants this everybody wants to be us and if you want more more stories about missteps Major Brands have made check out this video on how one decision tanked Southwest Airlines and if you can't get enough hustle be with us every day by subscribing to the hustle daily newsletter and getting deep Dives and updates like this [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheHustleChannel [35 likes]: 10 Brands Emerging in Luxury Fashion: https://clickhubspot.com/bwyi
  2. @cottonuwu3167 [1 likes]: The answer is simple, you said at the beggining "theres enough rich people to buy this" problem is that, thats not their target audience, usually middle to low income people are the ones buying this😂
  3. @1mouseman: Nothing says “sold my ebt card for cash” louder than a luxury brand.
  4. @TheRetiredEmployee: Supply goes up, demand goes down. LOL. What econs you learnt from? University of Bangladesh?
  5. @Daisysdad-e9x: No one wants to be seen in logos anymore. Tacky. Gawdy. Bad taste. Cheap.
  6. @ThanhPham-ic8bw: i have the money to buy them. but i prefer to look for quality and unique bags that not everyone own. sadly its hard to find brands these days that do that
  7. @TildaBergmann: Interesting video! I like watching content like yours🥰 @IlonaCallsLuxury has similar videos too about luxury industry
  8. @elizabethasphodel6020: This is why Hermes is different, yes its expensive, but its all ethically produced. They dont try to cut costs
  9. @caiofiuzaseixas9027: And im all hete for it
  10. @rhyscooper3693: The fashion industry is so out of touch. Even talking about it in this way like "there's plenty of money to go around", meanwhile people die due to the price of insulin.
  11. @whatevermynameis2852: Just buy replicas 🤣
  12. @v_stands_for_value124: They sell garbage, that's it
  13. @lavieestunsonge4541: Most luxury brands (as an avid shopper) have taken a huge downturn in quality and style. Many of the fashion houses now cater to the “streetwear” demographic. Why pay premium prices for outfits that look like they were bought at Marshall’s and Ross? Many of the items are made using synthetic materials and the handbags with all the logos on them are canvas and not great quality leather. You’re better off going to a leather maker and having personalized items that are tailored to your wants and needs at the price point. I also can’t stand the nonsense of waiting in a queue to get into a store, like a ridiculous nightclub. If I see a queue, I will not give them my business. Any brand who has staff that look down at me, or any other patron for that matter, will never get my business. We don’t need you, you need us, the shopper, to survive.
  14. @cheffington999: I will pay big money for a high quality product. Not a brand.
  15. @nasnora: Gucci is no longer a luxury, sadly
  16. @Bst-be1eu: 1:20  that’s not how supply and demand works. The 2 lines are independent, but the intersection determines the price. Also, luxury goods DO fit the law of supply and demand, if the supply is low but the demand is high, the price will be high.
  17. @iamsteve121: My 90s clothes are still kicking it, quality wise
  18. @jackx410: Luxury brands could reverse all this if they just stopped pushing trash quality products and expecting consumers to pay super premiums. Vintage goods often have higher quality relative to newer products hence their popularity.
  19. @priyamagarwal: Luxury was always exclusive and a tad bit mysterious. Simply out of reach. By making videos about it from Arctic to Altantic, and hence overexposing it— their basic premise is lost. GenZ behaviour isn’t helping . If they need to come back to life, they need to go away from the mass market where luxury would really thrive 😊
  20. @BrandHistori: Interesting information to know!

- Everything You’ve Been Told About Luxury Bags Is A LIE: Kind: captions Language: en I spent years telling myself that a luxury handbag was a good investment. I felt so strongly about this that I spent a few years trying to buy and sell luxury designer bags to make a profit. I failed every time, but that wasn't the point. I believed that most designer handbags were a good investment in one way or another. And because I felt this way and because this was my belief system, in some ways I felt almost financially responsible spending thousands of dollars on leather in hardware. But here's the thing, the term investment handbag is one of the most successful marketing lies in modern history. So the question is why do we keep buying into it? And the better question is, why does it feel standard, almost admired, to spend thousands of dollars, sometimes tens of thousands of dollars on a piece of material that holds your thing? So, we're going to answer that question today. And the reason why this came up is because once I stepped away from my severe shopping addiction tendencies and stopped buying all these designer things, I kind of felt like once I stopped doing it, everyone in society stopped doing it because I kind of stepped out of that bubble and stepped into a new bubble that was like minimalism and budgeting and saving. And so that I wasn't really surrounded by that anymore. And the reason why this video came up is because I was just watching the Ice Coffee Hour and Caleb Hammer was a guest on the show and one of the things they asked him is, "What is the most expensive thing that you've purchased your girlfriend and he said a $10,000 Chanel handbag?" And he said, "You know, she's she loves fashion. She loves vintage. She's wanted this bag since she was a little girl. She cried when she received it." >> What's the most expensive gift you've gotten her? >> Chanel bag. >> How much was it? >> 10. >> $10,000. >> Yeah. That's been her dream since literally childhood. Chanel bag. >> Yeah, >> that was your dream. >> Uh, well, yeah, she's very into fashion, >> collectibles, uh, collector vintage type sh. So, it was like classic flap, you know, historic bag. >> What was her reaction to a $10,000? >> She cried. She cried like crazy. >> Now, I can relate to this in many ways when I look at it from my past self's point of view. So, no judgment there. But he did say a passing comment of something to the effect of, you know, it's expensive, but it's also a good investment, >> but it holds value. >> What was the >> Not only that, lately, I don't know why, but I've been seeing more and more videos talking about the best investment bags for 2026 or the best investment bags that we had in 2025 or the best investment bags that you should consider. Good versus bad investment part five Dior edition. >> Not every handbag is created equally. Let's break down what actually makes one hold and grow in value. These are the bags to invest in. >> The best designer bags to invest in. Besides trust Chanel and Hermes. >> And what I realized in this is that this is still a thing. Most people still believe this and most people are buying spending tons of money on designer bags for two specific reasons. I will say appearance and status or investment and sometimes those reasons are combined. I saw that as an investment cuz I was like if I buy this handbag it's going to elevate my content and I'm going to get more brand deal. So although I shouldn't have been buying a handbag that much when I was 19 years old, I just knew it would like play out well or >> and it was the best investment at the time. So, I want to talk through it and I want to talk about why it is absolutely not an investment piece and how to better think about this if you choose to buy a designer bag. If a $5,000 designer handbag isn't a good investment, then what is? The answer is a fully funded emergency fund, an account that's actually earning you money organized to help you reach your goals and real investing made easy. That's why I'm so happy to be partnering with today's sponsor, Wealthfront, because they help you accomplish all of this in one easy to use platform. Their cash account combines all of the best features for checking and savings into one cash management account. It provides access to 3.3% APY from program banks. This is about eight times more than what most people are getting from their savings account at traditional banks. Their checking feature includes zero monthly fees, free instant withdrawals to eligible accounts, and they offer cash categories. So, this lets you easily bucket your money for customizable savings goals. So, now you can see the money allocated for specific emergencies and the money allocated for specific goals. So, now all of your money has a job instead of sitting in one giant pile that you accidentally keep dipping into. What's also great about Wealthfront is that they offer investing options that meet you exactly where you are. So whether you're a beginner just starting out or if you've been at this for a while, their automated investing will build and manage a diversified portfolio based solely on your goals. So you don't have to worry about research or constant monitoring or decision-m. All you have to do is answer a few short questions and the platform will basically manage itself in the background. And right now, new Wealthfront clients who open a cash account can get up to 4.05% APY for your first 3 months on up to $150,000 in deposits. Terms and conditions apply. So, if you want to get the most out of your money, head over to wealthfront.com/dbal to claim this exclusive offer. Again, that's wealthfront.com/dbal. Thank you so much Wealthfront for sponsoring today's video. Wealthfront brokerage is not a bank. The base APY is as of January 30th, 2026 and subject to change. Investing involves risks. For more information, please see the description box below. If you'll go back with me a little ways in time for a minute. If we go back to the 1950s to the 1980s, luxury handbags were not looked at as an investment piece. They were basically accessories worn by wealthy women. In the 1930s, Hermes introduced what would later be called the Kelly Bag. It wasn't, it didn't start out with that name, but because Grace Kelly made this bag explode in fame, it was famously renamed after her to be called the Kelly Bag. At the time, these luxury handbags were not thought to be investment pieces at all. They were just looked at as expensive accessories that wealthy women wore. But in 1997, this whole thing shifted when the Fendy baguette was featured in Sex in the City. >> It's a baguette. And this bag all of a sudden became known as the IT bag. It became one of the first bags to be known to have an actual waiting list. This visibility in media shifted the way that we looked at high-end bags as luxury accessories. It started to become more acceptable as an entry point into the luxury world. Then in the 2000s we saw a huge acceleration into the ITG girl era. If you think about any type of celebrity around that time like Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie and Kim K also around the time when paparazzi was huge, maybe they are still huge. I have no idea. Pres Hilton, TMZ. And so they were photographing all of these well-known celebrities that we all aspired to be wearing these designer bags like the Balenciaga City bag and the Fendi spy bag. These bags started to be the gateway into a social hierarchy in a form of wealth signaling. While at the same time, brands started to realize that accessories like handbags were way more profitable than was clothing. They also realized that everyday consumers who had these aspirational lifestyles could purchase these bags at a higher profit for the brand even if they couldn't afford a full designer wardrobe. Then we had a huge financial crisis which we all remember in 2008. Suddenly spending thousands of dollars on handbags while people were uncertain about their jobs or losing their homes or just uncertain about the economy in general. They felt irresponsible spending thousands of dollars on a handbag. So the designer industry knew that they needed to change perception and they knew that they needed new language. Ironically, around this time, this is when I actually started to get into trying to invest in designer handbags. And it's funny that now I am making the connection and seeing that these two come together. So, this is when the term investment piece started to change because for a long time investment bag and investment piece just meant extremely high quality that lasted a long time. But during the recession, we started to see a lot more language around cost per wear calculations and the notion of buy less but buy better. So fashion publications like Harper's Bazaar and Vogue and other publications like Times started to push the messaging that a $2,000 handbag worn every single day for 365 days actually only cost you $5. And if you ask me, I think that this was like the precursor to what we know now as girl math, which is a whole other topic and I think a whole other video on its own. But that was just the start of it. The real reframing came around 2010 when a few studies and articles got a lot of attention claiming that the Hermes Birkin bag outperformed stocks and gold. Suddenly, there were many publications writing headlines like why the Birkin bag is better than gold or handbags that beat the stock market. >> Whoever says handbags aren't an investment is lying. What I'm holding in my hands is undoubtedly a better investment than the S&P 500 stocks and even gold. The problem with this is that these articles took rare success stories featuring pristine Hermes Birkin bags that represented probably 1% or less than 1% of the luxury handbag market and apply this logic to the entire designer handbag market. And because we don't need much justification to spend money on beautiful things, we took this logic and we took this justification and ran with it. It gave us permission to buy these designer bags without guilt and with more reason. And then from the 2010s and upwards, this just catapulted. the the the the idea of an investment handbag has accelerated exponentially and has never slowed down. And this was also around the time again when I was heavily heavily into this and researching this and watching videos on this because what happened around the 2010s and moving forward the very popular content was the unboxing video unboxing of a designer handbag or is it worth it video featuring designer handbags or what's in my bag content featuring said designer bag. It wasn't just a video. This type of content became its own genre. And the problem with this that I don't think a lot of people realize is that this content normalized the purchase of designer handbags. It normalized spending 2 3 6 8 $10,000 on a handbag, an accessory, an item that is leather and hardware and again holds your things. We normalize spending thousands of dollars on these items because in these videos, most creators spent a lot of their time discussing their handbag, talking about how it was an investment and quality and cost per wear. Even though they probably had no actual knowledge about what they were talking about, they were just basically regurgitating what the previous content creator said or regurgitating what they read in a magazine or an article. We all believe them and did not second guessess it because it made our buying decisions easier. Here's the reality. Inevitably, we will likely hear a story or two about somebody who' made money selling their designer handbag, but I would say that is the exception to the rule. Show me one person that profited by selling their luxury designer handbag, and I will show you a thousand that lost money. In reality, there are only a small handful of bags that either appreciate in value or hold their value. And that is generally the Hermes or the Kelly Birkin bags in exotic leathers, certain mostly vintage Chanel flat bags in certain years, and some rare limited edition handbag pieces, but this makes up like 1 to 2% of the designer handbag industry. And even in that case, if you were to sell it for a profit, that would mean that the bag would have to be in pristine condition, meaning it would have to live in your closet like a museum piece. So the contradiction is maybe some of these might be profitable, possibly they could be investment piece, but they're not the ones that you're actually allowed to wear and enjoy. What we need to start doing is treating designer bags like we do luxury cars. We all know that luxury cars are for the most part, unless you can really afford it, money is not a problem, etc., etc. We know for the most part very expensive luxury cars are kind of a waste of money, especially if you're leasing it. And we also know that once we drive it off the lot, it significantly depreciates. We lose money. We do not expect to buy an expensive car and make money off of it. Rarely ever. We need to treat our handbags the same way. Because if we are convincing ourselves that this is a smart purchase based on the cost per wear, then we are completely missing the point of what that money could have been if it was saved or invested properly. It could have been less stress and money anxiety. It could have been financial freedom. It could have been time freedom. It could have been the ability to possibly maybe leave the corporate job that you hate and test something else out or start something new. Wearing an extremely expensive bag every day doesn't make it free. It doesn't make it $5. It just makes it a very expensive bag we paid thousands of dollars for. The fact is is that buying a luxury handbag is not an investment. It is an expensive lifestyle choice. It is a beautiful, well-crafted, status signaling accessory. One that can bring confidence and joy and satisfaction, but rarely, if ever, profit. The term investment bag gives us a pass because we know that a lot of the time purchasing these designer items and designer handbags is mostly emotional. Yet, we still want to be financially responsible. And so saying that this is investment kind of reduces that internal conflict and gives us a pass and makes us purchase and helps us purchase without guilt. >> My bad collection is truly one of my most prized possessions. She's gorgeous. But I keep looking back now. This was a question that I never asked myself. Why? Why are we so willing to spend so much money on a bag? A freaking bag. We're talking about thousands of dollars. And there's so many people, this is so general and common now to spend anywhere from 1,000 to$10,000 to $20,000 on handbags. So, you may or may not know, but Chanel actually has a rule where you're only allowed to buy one bag every two months from Chanel. And ever since their 2026 cruise line has come out, I have been contemplating how I am going to get around this rule because when I tell you I want every single bag from the collection. This collection, dare I say, is their strongest collection of handbags that has ever come out. Every single one is a 10 out of 10. Not one of them is made. I'm literally going to end up spending a fortune on personal shopping fees because there are so many bags in this collection that I want and I'm only going to be allowed to buy one. Why? The first reason is status and competition. There's been so much research that shows that women feel pressure to own designer items, not out of genuine love in designer for the thing, although they might think that most of the time is out of competitive anxiety. Either fear of being perceived as less than your peers or wanting to appear higher status or at the level with your peers. And if you are in this world of fashion, designer brands, luxury handbags, then it is likely that you walk into certain public places or parties or events and do kind of the status scan. You scan what other people are wearing and accessorizing with. Not to say you're judging them in any way, but you are likely aware of what they have on their bodies and what they are wearing. And the luxury handbag is the universal female accessory that says, "I have arrived. I am successful and I have made it." The goal here is not to eliminate designer handbags from our lives. If you want to purchase one, that's awesome. But what we should do is treat them as any other expensive consumption purchase. If you want to buy the handbag because you like it and you like what it says and like what it does, you just you just want to own one, then that's awesome. But we should stop right now any lie saying that it is financially smart to make the purchase. Three luxury handbags we think are worth investing in. >> The best designer bags to invest in besides just Chanel and Hermes. Instead of asking, "Will I make my money back off of this handbag? Will this handbag retain its value?" The better question is, "Do I love this bag so much that I want to that I'm willing to exchange $5,000 for it?" And before you answer yes, it is very important to separate the craftsmanship from the social signaling. The best test and one that I think a lot of us forget about is that just ask yourself, would I spend $5,000 on this Chanel handbag if I had the exact same bag, exact same craftsmanship and leather and design. Everything is completely exactly the same. Yet there is no Chanel C's on it. It is nowhere on it does it say Chanel. Nobody knows that it is Chanel, yet it is the same handbag. Would I still pay $5,000, $3,000, $10,000 on this bag? This will immediately reveal whether you are buying a bag. And I think there are people out there who will buy the bag for the craftsmanship and the style and the design. They'll say, "Yes, I don't care if people know or don't know. I will still buy the bag." And that's awesome. But I think that there are way more people out there who would not who would not pay that premium price tag if nobody knew what the bag was because we buy the bag for status and social signaling. And that is an expensive premium to pay for that benefit and result. And if you're in the camp of I've always wanted a designer handbag or I love this bag or I really want to own this bag. I don't care what it says. I I don't care. I just want to own it. That's fine. If you are not independently wealthy or you can't easily just drop 35 $10,000 on a bag, but you really want to afford one, then just create a luxury savings handbag account. Let's just say you want a bag that costs $4,000. I think I think I could be wrong. I think that you would have to put away $300 per month for a year to afford that $4,000 handbag. And the benefit is delayed gratification, right? We have a huge cooling off period. We have a full year to research and think about it. And honestly, for the most part, I'm going to say there's going to be a large majority of people that once they have fully funded their luxury handbag savings account once they get to that point, a lot of them are likely to not purchase the bag because it took so long and a lot of hard work and effort to save up that money. Now, you just don't want that account to go to zero for one bag. Honestly, I'm at a point now and this took like it's so easy to say now, oh yeah, 5 years ago I was a shopping addict and you know 6 years ago, 7 years ago I spent so much money on designer handbags, but the daytoday it was years and years of just consuming that type of content and coveting these bags and tens of thousands of dollars wasted on these items. It's so easy to say now, but I feel like just saying it so much reduces the severity of what it was. But where I'm at now is that it's not to say I will never buy another designer item. I don't really know. But what I do know is after all of the work I've done and all of the effort I've put into understanding all of this, I would rather own the LVMH stock than own a bag produced by one of their designer brands. And honestly, it's the harder decision because nobody nobody compliments your savings account when you're out at a party or out at dinner. It's quiet and it is slow and it is boring. Wearing the pretty nice bag that says that you're successful looks great and gives you some joy and gives you some confidence. But it's trading short-term social validation for long-term financial success. And if you decide, you know what, I still want to own the handbag. I still think it's worth it. I want to purchase it. If you think the joy of owning that item is worth the cost, that's awesome. There is no shame or regret in that decision as long as your decision is honest. All right, my camera's going to die. I have like 10 seconds left. So, I appreciate you watching, especially if you made it to the end. Thank you. Thank you. If you have any comments, tips, questions, leave them below and I'll see you in the next one. Okay, thanks. Bye. Aspen, stop it. What is happening? You done? Can I film now? Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Andrea-f9o9m [2 likes]: This is why I sew my own bags—I get compliments on them 😅 I customize them and display my personal style. I’ve had strangers ask me to make them bags but it’s not worth my time—its a labor of love 💕
  2. @dawnbetancourt854 [2 likes]: I was a handbag designer in the mid to late 80’s. We used high end luxurious leather and the bags were sold in high end boutiques all over the country. It’s outrageous for a handbag to cost thousands of dollars and there is no reason you can give me to justify this price. And for anyone to tell me it’s an investment is laughable. I find it pathetic that anyone would spend 10k on a handbag.
  3. @sarahbaker7100 [1 likes]: I have wanted a Kelly bag forever. However, I want one to use it. Buying it to put it on a shelf to keep it pristine seems pointless to me. (In reality, I doubt it’s big enough to hold a hard cover book, my wallet, my music glasses and the rest of the stuff that is in my current bag, so it’s not a good choice for me)
  4. @bellaluna321 [1 likes]: Im so relieved my circle doesn't buy high designer items like this.  The most they spend is on Coach and Kate Spade LOL. I can't imagine scanning my circle or a party and looking at people with a bunch of $5k handbags
  5. @jenna2440: just wondering - do you still own designer items or have you sold them all off?
  6. @partieofthefirst: I like how you remind us that "investment" in a handbag or something similar can refer to  how much use you'll get out of it and how well it holds up over time. In that sense I have rarely regretted buying something useful of good quality that I love, and paying (a reasonable amount) more than I would have paid for lesser craftsmanship.
  7. @ulaat4215: They don't have a real goal for their life
  8. @chillwithmari: What's more important is what is in your bank/investment account and not how much your bag is. Same goes with wallet. I'm done with expensive wallets
  9. @donnarosebusa3863: the only reason I have a designer bag is because there is an app in my country that people use to sell secondhand items and I found a coach bag for 1,000 pesos, or 50 dollars and that I liked it!
  10. @CorinaS1: De-influencing yourself is one of the most powerful financial decisions you can make—and the fact that your videos are helping me on my journey toward discipline, conscious consumption, and finance
  11. @dianapugh2743: This is so timely. I sold nearly all my designer bags at a loss but glad I was able to short some of my money back. Lately, I have been considering purchasing a bag, again😬😓 so glad you made this video. I needed a reality check and a reminder that these items are a waste of money especially since so am trying to pay off debt.
  12. @Shiryone: You're right, Elle, it's all about the logos.  Yuck.  Let's support the few, small companies that are left that still make gorgeous, high quality things.
  13. @lilblackfish2009: so sex n the city made luxery bags cool
  14. @carriestephens233: I saw a video recently, and the women's handbag cost as much as my mortgage for 5 months. Lordy Jeeezzzzus! Great video! Best! ❤xoxo
  15. @malcagottlieb6084: Quantity demanded determines price.  Items with a high demand are allocated by price, by time and availability, and - in the case of luxury - knowledge as well.  Videos about luxury bags closed the knowledge gap.  Ordinary people who are not wealthy and would not otherwise have entree into elite circles, can watch a video comparing handbags and discussing them in detail.  This closed the knowledge gap, increased the demand and then the quantity demanded increased.  This led to the price rises we have seen in recent years - not an increase in quality or an improvement in design.
  16. @christinetobiasz: Or superfake bags 😅
  17. @gaelenoconnell-bidabadi: Yesss, please do a video sometime on Girl Math! I find that topic so kooky, lol.
  18. @LadyVintageBags: Thank you for featuring a snippet of my video! ❤ None of my bags have been an investment, all a sunk cost but they do make me happy when I wear them 😅
  19. @4SlowFashion: wealth before money was fake, wealth was determined by the gold or material jewels you possessed beyond the cost of up-keeping an estate with fed and housed workers. Each worker made life easier but cost a lot in return. a house of 40-200 people ran very differently. quantity of laundry and food sustained by a farm. IF a woman could get her hands on jewelry or gold, expendable income, she could crown herself in exquisite wealth and be dripping in gemstones from far away lands. We will always have a need to amass acquisitions as securities that can be sold later in hard times, and flaunted in the short term. Its survival for us. Men want tools and land and to make sons to fight for safety. women need a backup storage for saving for everyone's future. Modern culture abuses the instinct and sells us bad products for cheep and charges us life changing numbers for it. Its very hard to comprehend its fiat currency buying fake craftsmanship. its not a marble fireplace upgrade to your mansion. its a purse. ive got 30. im not saying i dont participate. im just very aware.
  20. @CesarSandoval024: Hyper reactions just like gambling.

- Why people with Hoarding Disorder Hang on to Objects: Kind: captions Language: en so all of us enjoy having objects they bring meaning to and joy to our life individuals with hoarding disorder are no different from all of us we have three main reasons that we keep objects so one is sentimentality something that reminds you of a happy time or a loved one the second is the aesthetics you know walking along the beach and seeing a beautiful seashell you want to take it home and and remember the beauty of the day and the end the object and the other is the usefulness so I don't want to throw this away it could come in handy someday now individuals with hoarding disorder have these same reasons but they're magnified so objects may have all three of these reasons or the feelings may be more intense and that's really where the attachment comes in and the difficulty parting with objects individuals with hoarding disorder are very creative and they can come up with lots of uses for a particular object and you know had clients where something as simple as a toilet paper roll they could use it for binoculars for a kids a child's science fair project you know can be donated to a local school an art project could be made out of it however one of the differences of distinguishes an artist versus somebody with hoarding disorder is that those ideas are not fulfilled and realized so when you asked somebody with hoarding disorder they don't have plans to donate it to a school they don't have plans to make an object they may have plans but they don't actually execute on that one of the things I would say about hoarding disorder is that it stems from some characteristics deep within us as human beings that are actually positive so wanting to be conserving resources and throughout the evolution of man it's been important in times of relatively few resources to gather resources and it's been very adaptive but as time has kind of gone by with Industrial Revolution and also a lot of advertising we get more and more pressure that taps into the that fundamental need to save and conserve resources

  Top Comments:
  1. @emmanuelcaptures: I experimented with collecting trash in a bin to see how that trash could become useful. I held onto a windshield wiper from my van for some time and it ended up becoming a makeshift capo in a time where I needed it. I realized that I don’t need an object to use it as long as I am inspired by its memory. We believe we need certain things because we believe we need to do certain things- and that’s true sometimes- but it shouldn’t distract us from what we truly own and carry- the present and those present with us (even if not physically “present”).
  2. @MelissaGroenewegen: My husband is a hoarder, has OCD, and is a Narcissist.  Is this normal?  Also his mom was a hoarder and also had OCD.  Does it run in the family,
  3. @AugustaWilliamsJr: I am grieving and by hoarding  I’m not alone the object fill a void of empty room I praying to actually get rid of my clutter
  4. @97B-p7g: I totally disagree.   There is NOTHING creative about keeping a toilet paper roll, old newspapers, empty bottles, etc.    i have a hoarder friend and have seen 8n side her home.   It’s an absolute garbage dump!   A once beautiful million dollar home has been turned intoa moldly, damp, damaged, unusable. a garbage dump.    It’s ABSOLUTELY FILTHY. 
She had bowl cancer 8 years ago, her husband cancer as well three years ago, and has now died.  
After I saw inside 6 months ago,I have never thought the same way about her or our friendship.    She totally fights and attacks anyone wanting to help her.
  5. @venturabay: Most hoarders homes become garbage dumps....keep needless junk
  6. @danettejachalke5818: Just subscribed
  7. @silverman1438: ❤❤❤
  8. @Duality369reality: Mine is trauma based
  9. @croutonous: "Creative" is another word for great at making excuses. Every single time they say that have a purpose for an item it was obviously made up on the spot
  10. @kermitand: Hello! I help to train Direct Support Professionals (DSPs) who support people who live with various disabilities and mental health conditions. Can we use this video in some of our training for DSPs when we talk about how to provide person-centered support to someone who is living with a hoarding disorder?
  11. @damianlopez7630: I know the video is 7 years old and some of the comments are up to 2 years old but here goes. I'm sorry for my long comment. I'm a Class A1 hoarder the reason why I horde is because I figured one day I'm going to be able to use the things that I'm hoarding and also the fact that because I live in a large industrial city most people do not care they hold nothing sacred and that is something I find disturbing. If people cared more I would give them the things and know they will appreciate it another thing is some things I'm emotionally attached to them so they are important to me for many reasons I would love to one day put a business that orbited around the things I horde I would find myself needing to get or buy more of the same things that hold but in order to strengthen my business and to sell and to create an input of money you know what is it you call it to make a profit to be able to have an entry of money
  12. @BH-tr7mw: People hoard pictures on their phones now.
  13. @Takaashiagi: Stupid.
  14. @Ohyeayesokright: What about digital hoarding. Guilty 🤚
  15. @colleenpatterson5716: I’ve dealt with the end of 2 hoarder homes thus far, one via death and one via nursing home, and there’s one more to go. I can honestly say I have just had enough. I just don’t care any more how they live. If the house caves in, that’s just how it is. They aren’t living in my house and ruining it like they did their own house.  I am not responsible for the mess they’ve made of their home and their lives.  They are not innocent victims, they knowingly did this to themselves. They can live with the consequences.
  16. @angelheart7926: My husband is a severe hoarder. We just moved out of a dust-ridden, hoarded-up house into a beautiful condo. He had many, many things brought here that I never wanted here, and now I’m very ill, and my breathing is worse than ever. I’m on a nebulizer a few times a day. I’m divorcing him after 44 years of marriage. He has destroyed my health, neglected my emotional and financial stability, and now this place is filled with things. I need to have so much removed from here, and I don’t even know where to start. I was already basically agoraphobic and only going out to see Doctors.
  17. @laurarandolph5600: Snootiness is another reason.  If  I appreciate the finer things in life then that makes me a superior person. 

 Fear is another reason, "If  I might need this thing sometime."
  18. @nicolehubert7308: I love toilet paper rolls. 😭🤦‍♀️
  19. @housemaxwell: Hoarders need social connection and something to think about other than themselves. If you can shift their perspective you might have a chance to get them to view their ‘stuff’ differently. However the social connection and change of view must be entirely a spontaneous event with no pressure. Tell them what to do and  you may as well bang your head against a brick wall.
  20. @jeffreypullis696: characteristics, personality

- Hoarding is a Symptom of Complex Trauma: Kind: captions Language: en so there's five different components of complex trauma that they have found are very much connected to hoing so the first one is attachment issues so we have seen over and over again that from birth the strongest Drive in the little baby is to attach to attach to Mom and Dad basically is I can't survive on my own my only hope survival is if I attach to somebody who will care for me and meet my needs and so attachment is something we are driven to do but the tragedy of complex trauma is that the child does not attach securely so they try to attach to Mom and Dad but Mom and Dad are too busy they have their own problems are angry aren't safe and so they form insecure attachments with their parents but the key thing is we're still driven to try to find secure attachment and so a child would do one of two things or both number one they will begin to try to attach to unsafe people over and over again and keep getting hurt or they will go let's stop attaching to people let's attach to things let's attach to activities let's attach to drugs so they will find an attachment to something else and so some people form attachments with things let's attach to possessions and what is interesting is when you attach to things or activities they give the same feelings of secure attachment so what feelings do secure attachment give they give I feel loved I feel safe I feel warm inside I feel secure I feel that my life is stable what happens when you attached to possessions you feel safe you feel security you feel stability you might feel good all of the saying things but it doesn't last because it's not the right kind of attachment but that is what happens for people who don't form secure attachment with a healthy safe human being is some end up trying to attach to possessions to get all the same feelings from that so let me read you this early anxious attachments can lead to the avoidance of human interaction and the replacement of human relationsships with objects individuals with hoarding disorder often have excessive emotional reactivity and negative emotions can be slow to decline in response to interpersonal stress events so when you don't attach now when you're around humans it can trigger you all kinds of ways and you don't get over that very quickly so it's easier just to have a relationship with things not with people one study 197 nonclinical women completed two self-report questionnaires on attachment and boarding behaviors the results show a link between insecure attachment and hoarding preoccupied and fearful attachments are characterized by a fear of loss and abandoned possession and accumulation of objects and hoarding could help insecure people to deal with these fears therefore insecure attachment appears to be a vulnerability factor in the development of hoarding behaviors so again people attached the things because it gives the feelings of security it takes away some of the fear of loss and abandon and that takes us to the second issue abandonment issues so if a child goes everybody that's human that I've tried to attach to has abandoned me that's the worst feeling in the world that makes me feel like I'm totally useless I'm unlovable it is so pain F but it also creates a great big fear I never want to be abandoned again so what do some people do okay then don't try to attach to people because they probably will abandon you they might not they might but you don't want to risk that so just attach to things things won't abandon you and so the way to deal with your fear of attachment is attached to things they will never abandon you but that means you can't throw them up because then that would feel like they are abandoning you so again possessions become their solution to avoid this deep wound of the fear of Abandonment and therefore possessions give them that sense of security somebody's here for me or something's here here for me that won't leave me but it makes it so it's hard to let go there's a third factor and that is loss now this has various levels to it so let me explain again many people who grow up with complex trauma have experienced more loss than normal and so because of that they never want to experience that loss again again and so if they were to throw something out that was important to them that would feel like a loss and so they hang on to it they hang on to it and that can grow where they just can't throw anything out because it would feel like a loss so again some research some research believe hoing can relate to Childhood experiences of losing things not owning things of people not caring for you this might include experiences like money worries or living in poverty in childhood having your belongings taken or thrown away by someone so this would be somebody bigger than you mom or dad throwing stuff away you don't need this anymore you don't need this anymore and then you experience a loss that you didn't choose or you grew up in poverty and you just never had anything so now when you get something you don't want to lose it because you know the pain of not having it now let's go the next step individuals who have experienced natural disasters such as hurricanes floods or fires may also develop hoarding as a result they may feel a strong need to keep everything they have left as a reminder of what they have lost individuals who have experience trauma as adults such as a serious accident or me medical diagnosis may also develop hoarding as a way to cope they may feel a strong need to keep everything as a reminder of what they have been through to keep them their loved ones clo so if you've lost stuff through natural disasters through hurricanes or you lost it through some traumatic event then you go I need to keep this other stuff to remind me of what I lost so you just can't now throw out anything because you need the memorabilia to help you remember the trauma so you never lose sight of that loss then we go to another layer traumatic events such as the death of a loved one or divorce or other major life changes can lead to hoarding hoarding is start as a way of coping with these events as the individual may feel a strong emotional attachment to their possessions and may view them as a way to hold on to Memories or feelings of security so this would be you go through a divorce or you your spous dies your child dies and you now have all of your reminders your keepsakes that remind you of that loved one and you just that helps you cope just be able to look at well that was their teddy bear that they love so much and you develop a strong emotional attachment to those things because it connects you back to what you lost and so you can now not throw that out take it a little bit further after losing the love or life of someone close it may be difficult to get rid of things that serve as memories their inability to let go traps them in a compulsive mindset and their life as a order begins so what happened you kept that teddy bear that was good that was fine but it gave you that sense of connection that sense of security that changes your mindset so now you get something else that's not connected any you lost but you get some of that feeling of connection and security from it as well so that begins that compulsive mindset that things lead to security to connection so that's loss now the fourth one emptiness and emotional pain so what happens with complex trauma we've talked about it over and over again is a child has all of these paintful motions and unet need needs that they can't resolve they try to tell Mom and Dad but they're being neglected or abused so these needs aren't being met they're getting all this emotional pain they can't fix it so the only solution for them is to disconnect from their emotions to shut down emotionally to dissociate who needs emotions emotions are bad what happens with that is you may not feel painful emotions but you feel empty you feel dead you don't feel emotions and that's feels blah we don't like feeling bla that that feels very discontent that feels constant dissatisfaction because we're not feeling the pleasure the joy and so what people then begin to do is look for ways to solve the feelings of emptiness solve any emotional pain that might come up in their life so it's not just emptiness no I gotta get rid of that emotional pain so they find different things so drugs whatever but some people find buying buying things so I just bought a new pair of shoes that just felt so good acquiring that you get a a dopamine rush and what happens The Emptiness is gone for a little while you feel alive for a little while life feels full of pleasure for a little while so that's where people then become compulsive Shoppers every time the emptiness kind of begins to surface in the subconscious to the conscious level the brain goes I got to get rid of that let's go buy something and that can start a shoing addiction trying to create pleasure get rid of the emptiness but it always requires buying new things and that for many can lead oring the fifth one is false gift that can come out of the whole concept of wasting so a lot of people that I work with they either grew up in poverty or they had parents who grew up in poverty or came out of World War II where they just had nothing and what you had to do in poverty or coming out of War is you had to make D you didn't throw anything out all food that wasn't eaten that put it away and you ate it as leftovers clothes got repurposed wood got repurposed if you found a screw or a nail it got saved because you might need it later on nothing got wasted and that often became a value of great importance for people coming out of poverty or the war which they then passed on to their children and so you weren't allowed to throw anything out you had to eat everything on your plate and so you then if you tried to throw something out were shamed punished given a long rant from your parents about wasting and so you had a conscience that was trained that throwing anything out is wasting his wrong his sin whatever that's a false guilt because sometimes it's healthy to throw things out but now what happens is every time you go to throw something out you feel guilt but then you also start to feel anxiety oh oh am I doing something wrong uh oh if dad found this out and it creates all of this negative emotional stuff so I hope what you see when you look at attachment fear of Abandonment lws emptiness false guilt I hope what you begin to see is all of those are very painful emotions and supp porting is really an attempt to manage painful emotions and and it's kind of on two different levels so one is you're avoiding painful emotions like the fear of Abandonment like loss like insecurity from lack of attachment depression emptiness so you avoid it by getting things by keeping things but then there's a second level to that and that is if you were to throw things out that would create painful emotions false guilt anxiety insecurity so now you can't throw stuff out because it would add more painful emotions but you get trapped by hanging on to them it begins to increase painful emotions embarrassment shame guilt frustration and so now you start this cycle you keep buying things to try to manage those painful emotions which end up creating more painful emotions and around and around it goes so another way to look at this then is that hoarding is a temporary fix for pain in the lyic brain it is trying to quickly fix the lyic brain that's feeling discomfort by H buying something hanging on to something not throwing something out it's a shortterm solution that ends up creating long-term negative consequences that's the bottom line with wording and so let me just tie in four in an OCD because OCD is a person who does certain activities or thoughts so they count they touch stuff they wash their hands so many times um they turn off the light so many times compulsively they obsess about stuff it's the same idea they're trying to handle the discomfort in their limic brain by going through rituals and they first few times they do it they turn the light off three times and that cause their fear to go away so they begin to go okay next time I do the light three times my fear went away and they keep doing that but pretty soon oh I didn't do it three times oh oh now it gets worse because I got to do it so now it becomes a prison so that's sadly what happens with OCD but it's an attempt to use certain rituals to control my limic brain it seems to work but eventually doesn't work the same is true with boarding so having said all of that I hope that just gives you an understanding of what those deeper issues are but I hope it helps you begin to realize the path forward so the path forward is not to beat yourself up The Path forward is not just just to try to start with okay I got to get up my willpower and force myself somehow to clean my house probably isn't going to happen so what are some helpful tools that help you if you have some hoarding issues I hope you begin to realize you got to face those deep complex trauma issues mainly attachment abandonment loss issues that's where I would encourage you to take a course like our lift program or react program that really begins to help you understand and deal with those deep core issues that come out of trauma now you're going to see that it's going to be painful to go there but once you go there and start to heal that pain quickly begins to go away and you begin to deal with that core stuff and that's where you got to start but then the second pieces is now you have the challenge of Life today and so you are going to get triggered when you go to throw something up it's going to trigger your lmic brain and fear and and all of those things we talked about and so what you begin to realize is that dealing with hoarding in present day life to get over it and heal from it and change it is going to be a battle between your limic brain and your cortex that's what's really going on your lmic brain is being triggered and saying I can't throw it out your cortex is saying no I need to throw it out it's healthy to throw it out and your limit grain is fighting that so they have found DBT dialectical behavior therapy and CBT cognitive behavioral therapy quite helpful in in handling this battle in the brain but that's really what begins where where the battle is taking place as you begin to try to change and again we talk a lot about that in in our lift program but understand that when the limpic brain gets triggered it dysregulates so you have to regulate it and get back to your cortex and ITA on your cortex even though your lyic brain is screaming and complaining and the more you act from your cortex and do what you know is healthy then the limpic brain is gradually going to start settling down and healing but that's the first months of dealing with it and that's the toughest time but the longer you do it the easier it gets the final thing that I want to say is this get support I doubt that many people would say okay I'm going to begin to deal with these issues and I'm going to stop this hoarding and and clean up my place all by myself I just don't think that many would succeed if they tried to do that so a big heart healing and growing in this area is we need help and it's okay to ask for help it is so difficult to do it Al I hope that helps I hope again my real heart desire is that this takes away some of the stigma this takes away some of the shame this helps you to realize wow this thing the the sporting thing that's a symptom of some deep stuff and I can deal with that I can get help for that and then you have hope

  Top Comments:
  1. @TimFletcher [32 likes]: 💜 Please be aware of scammers impersonating Tim or the Tim Fletcher team! We do not provide any phone numbers in the comments and Tim does not chat privately with viewers. We will never ask you to join us on a messaging app. When in doubt, reach out to us via our website at timfletcher.ca. Stay safe and scam-aware. With Love, The Tim Fletcher Team.
  2. @teri3965 [14 likes]: This explains a lot. I have tears in my eyes. The abandonment is spot on. I’ve built a fortress. I haven’t had company in over 4 years due to this squalor I’ve created. I know the trauma that finally pushed me over the edge. I’ve had trauma on top of trauma. I’m tired.
  3. @gillpelage [7 likes]: As a psychotherapist, this talk feels more relevant to all the other stuff from "professionals" I've ever seen.
  4. @Earth_Aether [4 likes]: I have isolated stoped attaching to anyone..
They always hurt me. I’m never
Enough. I can see this hoarding in my life…:
I hate this
  5. @Lnel3799 [3 likes]: I know someone who is a hoarder who had a horrible childhood. As a teenager he was a victim of sexual assault, his parents divorced as a child, grew up with an extremely neglectful mother who had severe mental illnesses, moved every 6 months to a year as a child and so never developed friendships, was dropped off at a homeless shelter at age 16 by his mother, was punched in the face by his father, and bullied by classmates. He abused alcohol and drugs but became sober in his 40’s, went to college but never had a living wage job. Sometimes being a hoarder is the least horrible disorder a person end up with after surviving such a traumatic childhood. Many end up dead or caged in prisons.
  6. @laura2learn [3 likes]: What a wealth of valuable information - thank you!
  7. @passinthru4788 [3 likes]: Hoarding is not only a symptom of complex childhood trauma, bu I contend also a symptom of a dysfunctional, chaotic relationship between the husband and the wife, notably one of abuse, (physically, emotionally, spiritually and verbally). I have childhood trauma and trauma from my relationship in a controlling, dismissive, physically abusive marriage from my husband.
  8. @TheRevellersofSkullHouse [3 likes]: We struggle with hoarding as well as audhd and did. For us, we have realized that we tend to think of objects as having feelings and we project our own abandonment issues onto our things and feel bad if we abandon our things as though they are a stand-in for our own struggles around attachment and abandonment
  9. @DanTheManIOM [2 likes]: My grandfather said, " you never know when you will need that..." quite a lot.
  10. @ElisaHawkes [1 likes]: Very good video! Better than so many others that I have watched. Thank you!
  11. @angelatopeff8773 [1 likes]: It’s amazing how humanity has advanced in spite of all of the distress.
  12. @angelatopeff8773 [1 likes]: My mom lived through WW2 in Germany. They lost everything. I’m sure it contributed to her need to accumulate things.
  13. @miguelangeldonoso2992 [1 likes]: Compulsive shoppers are good for the economy. Hoarders with money are good for business.
  14. @1989thelonestar [1 likes]: I attach myself to another family
  15. @sbec8525 [1 likes]: Thank you for this. The section about loss and trauma in regards to parents 'taking things away,' as well as the mentions of attachments in childhood really struck me in a way that made me realize why I have these struggles with resource hoarding.
  16. @TheDavveponken [1 likes]: cbt and dbt is gaslighting. Like most of MH.
  17. @Rebecca--11-11: My sons father is a hoarder, he doesn't want him visiting because of the danger of all the stuff. His main objects are weapons, torches, fishing rods, cars, boats, sexual partners and DVDs. Breaks my heart to see him live like that.
  18. @dougrennie9123: The best research indicates that hoarding is not primarily linked to trauma but rather brain function.
  19. @miguelangeldonoso2992: It's a sin to waste your food. So  mom guilt-forces you to finish your porridge, your body starts to hoard all the carbohydrates. You get fat . People that hoard also are overweight.
  20. @miguelangeldonoso2992: No matter how much and how tight you are attached to humans or possessions, we are fated to die some day. Just accept the fact. Nothing lasts. Everything passes away. Only heaven and diamonds are forever. And heaven is just delusion and diamonds are too expensive.

- Narcissistic relationships and hoarding disorder: Kind: captions Language: en-US DISCLAIMER: this information is for educational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for clinical care. Please consult a health care provider for guidance specific to your case. This video discusses narcissism in general. The video does not refer to any specific person, and should not be used to refer to any specific person, as having NPD or narcissistic traits. Permission is not granted to link to or repost this video, especially to support an allegation that the makers of this video believe, or support a claim, that a specific person is a narcissist. That would be an unauthorized misuse of the video and the information featured in it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @2sides_2everystory [2 likes]: I believe there can be a definite link between being a victim of narcissistic abuse and hoarding. The gaslighting, negging, manipulation, control and endless criticism all create a subconscious "script" in the victim's mind. They question their ability to make sound decisions, even down to what to keep and what to throw away. If they keep it all, they feel they won't make a mistake. I think combinations of several different mental disorders can result in hoarding, but victims of compounded narcissism would be at high risk for hoarding. For instance, my mother is a covert malignant narcissist and I married a covert malignant narcissist. (This was before we all knew what a narcissist was!) He felt familiar - terrible - but familiar. So I endured layered years of narcissistic abuse from various angles, which new research has termed C-PTSD. I escaped both my mother (15 years no contact) and my now ex-husband, but I suffer mental side effects that I must constantly monitor to maintain control. When it comes to belongings,  I have trouble parting with things that have any sentimentality attached. I have such a fragile sense of familial attachment that the objects embody more emotion (symbolism) than the actual people do. It's sad. When it comes to family, we don't all draw a good hand when we're born. It affects us for life, for better or worse.
  2. @Michelle-ky7ns [2 likes]: My mother used to make me feel bad if I asked for a couple types of fruit as a child (they were too expensive she would say) and she would feed us processed junk only (which is what SHE liked). Now she buys so much junk and fills up her house with boxes of junk from the thrift store. But I guess two kiwis and a few good apples was just too expensive.
  3. @robertcarlclayton7724 [2 likes]: My narcissistic, hoarding mother recently passed. Even her last words to me as she lay dying were hateful
. I, as the only person willing to take care of her in old age was the focus of her anger.  Now I am the person cleaning up her mess.
  4. @ckvarnmass [1 likes]: So my ex-husband wasn’t the worst hoarder, but there were some tendencies that were very strong.  He definitely was a covert narcissist.

 One day, I discovered a used empty tampon tube within his work junk in the garage. I confronted him about it. He found it in the garbage and decided to keep it because it might come in handy someday for something!  To me, it was a sick reason.
  5. @GenXersJustWalkItOff [1 likes]: There are definitely a lot of narcissists who are hoarders. Whether or not they are actually correlated, if you have to deal with a narcissist who is also a hoarder, you know the anguish.
  6. @lisajacobs9087 [1 likes]: Wish them well and run for the hills or you will have a life of a growing mess that cannot be cleaned.
  7. @DWN590 [1 likes]: When a hoarder is young, they don’t have too many too much stuff when they’re old. They’ve got so much stuff they can’t walk around. They’re very own life😳😳 and then they blame you for it
  8. @MrMikey1273 [1 likes]: My mother is a hoarder. When she lived with me after my parents divorced it was a constant battle to get her to clean up her stuff. She saved old ads magazines and catalogs even junk mail.  Then when I had enough and got her and my sister in a mobile home and I moved elsewhere they junked up that place.  So has now been in a nursing home and she holds on to every daily puzzle page, saves all the condiment packets and any things they let her keep.  
I realized I do it too sometimes but I have to go back every six months to a year and purge my closest and storage space. I have to decide why I feel the need to keep it. Is it useful, will I used it again or does it have sentimental value worth keeping.
My ex was the narcissistic and always wanted to keep things like furniture that was worn or just not useful to use anymore claimed it could be fixed or refinished later. Later usually never happened because projects were often never started or completed.
  9. @laraperrin9964: The narcs who say everything you like or care about is all just junk - can lead a person toward a tendency to want to be more covert with stuff you already have or currently buy over the years. Then one begins potentially hiding things new things they purchase so they’re not upsetting the narc or told by them to not waste their money on more “junk”, or because they say they’re going to go in with bags and clean it all out and take it to goodwill, calling you a hoarder. This is how there is a connection with narcs. You end up losing yourself, with your things, preferred method of household decor, your gifts or talents - such as crafting or if you are more artistic in nature, so you can start “doing something of more value and contribution to the family- whether it’s actually said like that, or if everything you do say or think is met with a high level of disdain and disrespect and disregard.
  10. @AzHairPortBarber: My house is a mess and it is depressing. I'm trying to figure it out .he won't help with it .
  11. @ramabarv: Narcissist mother -  Throw away this crap after my death! 
Me dead inside allready.
  12. @Sum99999mer: In my experience, hoarding disorder is caused by financial control.
  13. @tamaravasselin8978: I'm still trying to unbury myself. 5 years after his death....... Every room was practically filled to the raftors, including basement and garage. Made it out but still working.....
  14. @ClaireForde-k9r1u: I am NPD  and have  prob a hoarding disorder  but  i am not very good at cleaning and dont want anyone to come in  as i am embarassed with the clutter
  15. @marlenenhn7941: Teal Swan actually said some very insightful things about hoarding
  16. @johnkarl8921: The main thing I saw from 23 years in connection with a covert narcissist was a strong similarity with stroppy children or adolescents. Lack of any accountability, annoyance  at anyone perceived as telling them what to do, a sense of entitlement, throwing tantrums, always blaming others, always going off sulking ,being passive aggressive, giving the silent treatment out to punish you like you're the worst parent ever. Boredom !! Always on to the next toy while discarding the others. The list goes on. Understandable in toddlers and adolescents but not in mature, aging adults. It's like arrested development occured, body aged, mind emotions stuck in inappropriate behaviours.
Definitely the mess and clutter sent a signal of a poor helpless victim. It was self created deliberately because she could tidy the place when occasionally having family visit to look like she was ' together '  in charge of her life. Then straight back to a mess. The other benefits of the mess was it created an inhospitable environment for me mostly. Plus I'd help clear up, fix things that regularly broke ,plus constantly working around her house and garden as her odd job, handyman she had no intention of showing commitment to or sharing her life as you'd hope to especially as you both get older. I have total sympathy for hoarders and people with underlying health problems. I guess narcissism can be seen as underlying mental health problem but in my experience it had a lot of awareness of what she was doing and could put on great performances of being so kind thoughtful and sweet when it suited her. It took it's toll on my own physical and mental health over the years I finally gave up trying to work out things , I had a choice to either be alone in my 70s now, no friends or family around me because I'd made her the centre of my world and her friends and family like my own. Or stay connected to someone who had no respect for me, no empathy, no love and was sucking the life out of me and making me ill. We didn't even have a row! I just went silent, needed time out as I'd got high blood pressure issues, anaemia and getting over a chest infection. She hasn't been in touch for a month now, her silent treatment says it all. Yes there does seem to be a connection between hoarding, clutter and Narcissistic mind set in my experience anyway,  a chaotic mind that expresses that outwards in their relationships and surroundings.
  17. @blackbusiness7: I am a hoarder w/add. My place is cluttered with unfinished projects and ideas that were never brought to fruition. And then there were my son's things. Held them for a little brother who never was. I do wish I could stop time to get some of those old projects off the ground. Not enough hours in the day.
  18. @ChickensUnlimited-x7w: Mother-In-Law
  19. @ChickensUnlimited-x7w: OCD too
  20. @ChickensUnlimited-x7w: Norman Bates

- My Luxury Trip In Greece: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] So, we're at the one and only here in beautiful Athens. I wish we were here under brighter circumstances, but unfortunately we've been staying in Athens for the past 10 days on the South Coast. Athens was hit by some crazy wildfires. There's the fire. There's our villa. And this fire just started ripping its way towards our villa there. Funny enough, the only place that had availability for all of us in comfort was the one and only here in Athens, which is a brand new resort. We are headed to Crete in a few days from right now. We're going to go see one of my clients, Bobby, who we saw last summer. It's going to be a great one. We've got a completely different itinerary this time around, but for the first few days, we're going to kick things off here at the One and Only. Welcome to the Greece vlog. Let's go. Kalimera, can I please order a Greek breakfast? Yo, yo. Good morning. Morning, brother. Kalimera. Kalimera. Kalimera. From one Greek vacation spot to the next. Oh, yeah. You excited for Crete? Crete's the best. >> It's also great to see Bobby. Bobby's family. Heart of Postal. Oh, baby. What do you got going on today? >> Just working. We're going to do a workout? Yeah, yeah. Workout, sauna after? Mhm. Okay. I am good for that, sir. >> Yeah. Same old, same old. Well, that was delicious. Thank you for my brother. You're most welcome. Catch you later for workout and sauna. >> I'll see you. All right, cool. See you, brother. See you, man. Don't get lost. All right, so it is the afternoon and we are heading over to the lobby right now to actually meet a BMB member who lives here in Athens. He reached out to me and said, "Hey, love to catch up." So, we're going to go have a freddo espresso with the man Thanos. Hey, brother. How you doing? Good to meet you. Nice to meet you. Let's go have a freddo. Yeah. When I first discovered Bitcoin and I understood the concept of Bitcoin, I was like, "Saving was really instilled in me by my grandparents. They were born in Canada with absolutely nothing." When I was growing up, my grandparents were like, "You need to save your money. You need to save your money." But what do I save it in? Everybody saved their money in dollars or in real estate. You're not buying real estate with 10K, right? Found out about Bitcoin and then I realized, "Oh, whatever I make money in, I will just save it in Bitcoin." Found other opportunities within it and then I realized I can really do something here. But it wasn't like, "Oh, I'm into sitting crypto. I want to be a trainer." It was more so like, "How do I protect the money that I'm working for?" Yes. My parents were also poor. It took me many years in order to understand how Ponzi or this 9-to-5 job. So, I've joined Facebook. I was taking very, very good money and then government coming with 44% taxes. >> Yeah. Oh my god, I would never become a millionaire like that. What the other guys are doing to be a millionaire? I need to study finance. I bought the Bitcoin standard and that's it. I read that book, my mind went Everyone was like, "This is scam and you are crazy." And in order to fully understand Bitcoin, you need to completely kill your ego. Everything you knew all your life is wrong. But it's very hard to say, "I need to relearn from scratch." Very, very hard. Good to meet you, brother. Have a nice rest of days in Crete. >> when you're there. Yeah. Send us a message. >> Bye-bye. Just finished up with Thanos. Great guy. Jumping straight into an onboarding call now with the new member, Stack Day. Super busy as you guys can see. You can be in a beautiful place, but it doesn't really matter when it comes to work. There's still lots to be done, so we literally just finished our meeting, right back here in the golf cart and jumping into this onboarding call, which I'm actually late for, so I'm going to let this gentleman into the room now and start his onboarding. Hey, hey, what's going on, brother? How you doing? Good. How are you doing? Good, good. >> Finally. Yeah, man, I know. Well, great to great to get you started with us, brother. Workout time. Workout time. Time to put this gym to use. I'm like my absolute strongest and lightest at the exact same time right now. I'm just a little like smaller than I'd like to be, to be honest. I can be open with you guys in the vlog about this arm stuff, you know. All right. Chest workout. Chest workout. We know we should hit legs. Right? Come on. Yeah. Villains, where are you guys at? We had a workout. We had a recovery day. Two rounds in the sauna. This place is great. Anyone who's watching this, if you're doing all right for yourself, you should add this one to the bucket list. 100%. Yeah, well >> even going to tell you guys how much this cost me, but that's okay. It's a story for another day. Let's just say I'm very grateful for Luke today. There was only one way to do it. >> Well, there was definitely more ways. >> There was more ways, but this was this was This was the one and only way to The one and only. I would just like to make a toast to, first and foremost, abundance. Great energy to be in as a person is just like, you know, whatever happens, I'll figure it out. I'm not afraid of any outcome, not afraid of anything. I need a green money. Second to that, this place is unbelievably beautiful and there's nobody here. And third of all, I love you guys very [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] much. We're we're crazy blessed as people. We're so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] blessed. To abundance, to this place, and to many more blessings like this together. How we looking, Block? You're looking very dark right now. I think I ruined your shot, Braden, but that's okay. Well, this place is pretty magical. >> Mind-melting, for sure. This place is amazing. Fact that we're the only ones here having sunset cocktails at the dedicated sunset cocktail bar that's positioned accordingly straight towards the sunset is pretty on point. Grounding in nature. Thought I thought I blew it out. Can't have that for free. It's okay, you can have it for free. I'm okay with it. I'm a generous guy. Yeah, you are. Nice guy. Yeah. Fun guy. All right, from the One and Only to Crete. Let's go, baby, to Hania. POV, it's a random Tuesday and you and bro made it. Bro and you and you and bro made it. And you and bro are going to another Greek island. With a freddo espresso. Sali. How are you, buddy? It's good to see you. How are you? Good to see you again. How are you all doing? And the cicadas are back. Walking the wall of worry. Yeah, last year we were right there. We were that one. One of the best views ever, in my opinion. Absolutely. It's from this street looking over Hania. Yeah, it's gorgeous. It's good to be home. It's good to be home. All right, guys, so we are back on the beautiful island of Crete here in Greece. Thank you, Bobby and Alex, for hosting us. I I really appreciate it. We are headed to dinner. Bobby's got some other guests staying with him as well. Have our first dinner here in Crete again, which is always the best when you get here and the sun's setting in this beautiful evening light like this. And some of you guys roasted me last year for titling the video the most underrated island in Greece, but I personally don't hear anyone talking about Crete, at least in the online space, as being a good island. Everyone goes to Mykonos or Santorini or whatever. Second of all, the vibes here are chill. It's very calm. I think the first trip here honestly changed my life in many different ways that I didn't realize at that point. So, always happy to be back here. Super happy to be back here with the boys. What's going on? Say hi. Big dog's here. Let's go. >> Oh, we're back. Nanners back. Yo, yo, yo. The boys are back. We had a good time here last summer, dude. >> Yeah, we did. >> When you know people in places, you have way better experiences. So, my suggestion to all of you guys is make good friends with people. Do them well and don't piss them off if you want to have a good life. And then be that person so that you can have many cool experiences for your friends. Let's have dinner. It's like flowers, fantastic. This is your second time here, yeah? Second time here, just as beautiful as the first time. I'm really glad to be back. I'm glad that you and Presley are getting to experience this, too. >> Yeah. So, I don't have to be too good. No, you don't. You don't. You get to chill. Except I don't think you can do that very well, so. What is that? >> I might have to take Ryan's phone away for a couple times and just no work today, Ryan. Yeah, that's what I do. >> Just lay in the sun and tan, bro. Look at 20 bucks Okay, somebody's got to hold this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing, you know? The right thing. Not everybody can be on a 4-month after all this vacation, all right? This looks like an empty glass to me. But you make videos. Ryan handles all the other stuff. Cheers. My friends, it is Saturday. We're kicking off the weekend here in Greece the right way with the beach club day. We got the man, Bobby. He hooked it up with the VIP section here at Onar Beach. Funny story, I think this is one of the most beautiful little coves on the island, but 2 years ago we were here and it was a completely different beach club. It was like very old school, still beautiful, but they completely renovated this, made it look beautiful. Looks like it's something out of Mykonos or Saint-Tropez. Like it is just like top top top tier. We got the whole VIP section to ourselves. >> What's up, guys? Bobby's the man. Crete part three. This is part three, actually. This is part three. This is It's going to be more than a trilogy. It's going to be its own series. >> We got a lot to contemplate here this weekend. We got to decide whether we're going to go to the local fish restaurant or the JW Marriott for dinner, but regardless of that, we're still going on a catamaran for the full day tomorrow. Do you think you can handle it? Ryan, do you think you'll be able to do this, bro? Sorry. So, he can't. He doesn't think he can't keep up. He's like so lost in the sauce, lonely This is nice. The water is blue. The weather is warm. Nano is red. Everything's great. No, you're not red. How we doing? Feeling very relaxed. Good Saturday. I think our swim in the ocean really did it. >> Yeah, that was nice. All the way to the other side and back. Which doesn't really seem far. Doesn't seem far when you're on land. Then you get in the water, you get a quarter of the way there and you're like, "Oh, man, we're swimming to the other side and we're coming back." >> Yeah. Okay. This is real. This is real life without an r e e l. This is a r e a l. r e a l. Real life. All right, let's go find the DJ booth. Let's go find the DJ booth. Diving is I don't know. I don't know what that word means. I can't read it. Get this on camera. Get this on camera. Get this on camera. Beautiful restaurant. This is not very busy, but I feel like it'll be very popular in 1 to 2 years. Underrated. Underrated. I like how you wrote that and then some people were commenting, "Oh, you know what you're talking about." But in terms of like what you're used to, then yes, I think Crete is still very underrated. It almost looks like it. Sorry, was that too much? Hot. Is it good? Yeah, it's very good. Did you have the eye? We are going to Balos. Fan favorite. Probably one of the most beautiful beaches you could go to on the whole island because it's such a dramatic rock formation or mountain that's like basically falling off into the water. And you have this massive shallow pool that you can swim in and walk through. All right, we've made it on the boat. Who needs a second coffee? A coffee. I need I need a coffee. You want a coffee, buddy? Well, we have made it to Gramvousa island. We got Balos in the background. All of you guys will have known this spot by now from last year's vlog if you've watched it. If you haven't, definitely go back and watch the first time we came here as a team. It was a very fun episode of the vlog. One of our first like really really good ones, in my opinion. Honestly, everybody on this boat feels like family now. So, it's it's very nice experience to have done this three summers in a row with Bobby. Thank you very much. >> Bobby and and Alexandra, be able to share that with, you know, obviously you guys being my team best friends. It's very very cool, so. What you seeing up there, Raiden? Lots of things, Jake. Lots of things. He's absolutely locked in about it. What are we doing here? We're orchestrating his flip. >> about to flip. Can you do it off the front, Ryan? I'm just going to dive, then. Yeah, that's fine. That's fine. Just scream at me when I jump. Appreciate it very much. See you See you again. See you again. Take some nice days, okay? Thank you. You're going to have You're going to have good days. It's good days, for sure. Only massage. Massage only. Bye-bye. Bye. I think we are sufficiently sunburned after the boat adventure today, but it has brought us to another beautiful place here at the JW Marriott here on Crete. Brand new. It just opened this year. I think it's one of the first and only like mega five-star resorts on this island. Beautiful. It's all built into the hillside here. It's got quite a few nice restaurants, beach access. Booked in a dinner reservation. We're here at the Italian restaurant, which is called I don't know. I can't read it. I don't think it sounds very Italian. Your watch matches my shirt too well. Shall we switch? It's not my watch. No, no, no. I just need to buy it. What's the name of this restaurant? Cucagna. Drop a comment if you hear Italian. Does that sound very Italian to Great Great holiday. Oh, it's bubbly. Videography. It's bubbly. Big wine guy, Aiden. Big wine guy. That's what we're drinking tonight. So, we're drinking a Greek wine. What's the name of it? Don't ask me. Look back at the footage. Moschato Spinas. Moschato Spinas. What the What are they calling it in Greek here? Yep. We call it a Greek wine. Yeah, you can smell the floralness Yeah, there's a different version of it. Every time. Another bottle of wine. I'm very happy with the portfolio. Just stick to the plan. Don't deviate. Listen to Luke. I've went off the path before and I've lost, so stick to the path and you're going to be great. >> We're going to start swapping anyway. Once you start building your head, you're like, "Hey, can I have this? Yeah, can I have that?" This has got some weight to it. It helps that we're both the same size as Ryan. Okay, now That's perfect with that shirt. Good steal with the dark blue. >> You know what? This actually fits you guys' outfit perfectly. There we go. We'll switch for the night. Oh, no way. I didn't even see that. That's crazy. Beach day for the gents. First Aperol went down well. Second Aperol is loading. We'll get in the water. Cool down properly. And it's Monday. Market opens in 2 minutes. It's a good way to spend a Monday. One of my favorite thing about working in markets is that as long as you have your phone or an iPad or a computer, you're you're in tune with the whole world related to that industry, which is great. Your analysis process is real dialed in and you have good systems and you have good software like we do. Very simply can just turn into a phone-based thing. Even you guys like watching you guys manage your investments. It's fun on the go. Like, "Oh, this is going up. This is going down." I'm proud of you guys. I've gotten really interested in crypto ever since talking with you. Uh-huh. And you've been growing your portfolio a lot, too, so. Oh, yeah, of course. Uh Honestly, that's probably the most fun part for me to watch. You guys follow the the strategy. I very much appreciate that. >> Surprise, surprise. What does he got up here? It's Christmas in August. >> Oh my goodness, brother. The gifts just keep on coming. Christmas in August. Oh, thank you, sir. More plastic water for you, my brother. >> There you go. Don't drink water in plastic, guys. Yiamas. Yiamas. We are back in Old Town and we are headed to dinner. The final nice dinner in the port before we go to much more local dinner tomorrow night and it off. We are late for our reservation tonight, so hopefully they still have our table. But it's okay. Bobby's a man, so we'll get our way. It's lively. It's a Monday. Life is good. As always, we ordered the entire menu. Without knowing it this time. One of you guys said, "Would you recommend anything else?" And he was like, "Nope." Pretty much ordered the whole menu. He was like, "You want it all together?" And we're like, "No, no, no, no. Like the mains." He's like, "Well, we're like a 15 mains 10 people, so I think I'm going to put it on the middle." It's like, "Fair enough." The chefs in the back when they get the receipt, they're going to probably pull their hair out, I think, but He's going to be like, "Who is ordering this? Who is ordering this? What table is it?" "It's those guys there. It's a Bobby's table." And they're like, "Ah, it's Bobby's. Okay, no problem. Hey, it's a Bobby's having a dinner here tonight. Everybody they give to good." With staka? Thank you. Amazing. Thank you so much. Yeah, yeah, put it here. Staka. Oh my goodness, bro. What even more? Never too much. Give her a time. They're both milk. Since you're wearing my napkin, tell me you're okay with this. It actually looks like a jacket on here. I'm warm. I'm in my happy place right now. We got staka, we got tirokafteri, fries, whatever this is, but it looks delicious. This is how you properly eat in Crete. Unreal. Just so everyone's aware, I've taken these gentlemen to some of the finest restaurants on the planet. I don't think they've been as excited as they are right now eating this food here. Put in perspective how enjoyable this meal is. At the end of the day, we're simple men. I don't know about that. >> You don't think so? I not anymore. This is the aftermath of dinner. Table decimated. Bill paid. Memories made. Drinks drunk. Drinks drunk. People brought back to life. This was a good one. This place is great. If you're in Hania, you got to come here. You're going to be famous. We are Bobby. I've never experienced this. We got shots. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is that? Woah, that was good. Honey raki. Hercy was like, "Oh, it's a little booboo." And I was like, "No way. No way with that's a little booboo." He bought it. And you guys all walked in and then shots. Then shots next. And I think more little booboos. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Here's a lesson on sales, guys. This is why Costco sells the hot dogs at so cheap. Call it a loss leader. They get you drunk and they feed you and then we're going to buy more stuff. It's going to work. >> Ryan's already bought half the store. No, I haven't, but everyone else has, I think, so. I already took the biggest loss. Thank you. Thank you so much, Bobby Solo. Oh my god. [Laughter] Thank you so much. All right. That was a one of a one of a kind experience. >> That was crazy. Tell you this much. You're not going to experience that in Dubai or America. I don't know what happened. >> That was an awesome experience. So, this is a traditional fanouropita that's made in honor of Saint Fanourios. He was a saint who was martyred during the Roman Empire when it was a pagan time, so he was martyred. His name means one who reveals. So, if you've lost something physically, you pray to him. I've lost my ring, help me find it. I've lost a bracelet, help me find it. Also, it's metaphorically, if you've lost your way, help me find it. If you've lost your faith, help me find it. If you are looking for a loved one, you're looking to find a loved one, help me find us. So, you manifest in different ways. So, again, we all have different things that we might be looking for in life. So, we are all praying to Saint Fanourios and honoring him with this cake that we all find what we are looking for or if we are lost, we find the right path. Exactly. For Saint Fanourios. On the physical things, I've I've lost many things. I've been praying to him. I'm like, "Damn it, I can't find my keys. Saint Fanourios, help me find them." We got big steaks tonight for the final dinner. Usually only get big steaks to go, but now we're here. I've never eaten here before. This is our first time in the restaurant. First time in the restaurant. Great spot. We've got Bobby's standard family here as well. You guys have seen fancy, you guys have seen casual. This is like traditional. You got meat, you got grilled vegetables, you got potatoes, tzatziki, bread. We probably should get a gyros, too. Oh, what the hell? About 2 minutes ago, Ryan said, "Oh, I think I'm full." And now this comes out, so. It smells the meats. Cheers. Yiamas. Yiamas. So, next year with joy and health. Yes. Yiamas. Good intentions. Luka. Nai. Did you enjoy Crete? Nai, nai. Crete was amazing again. Always. Awesome trip. The people, the family, the vibe is truly fantastic. Until next year get the chrono. Until next year the year of health and happiness. All I'm going to say is that somebody brought us baklava and it wasn't for me. It was for Vradis. So, whatever you guys want to make out of that. It's about 3 kilos of baklava waiting for us when we get back home. This is Foteini's gift to us. Oh, it smells like honey. She said it's good for you. This is for you, sir. Thank you, sir. Perfect. Aw, it's soaked in honey. It's perfect. I know. This is baklava. No. This is by far the best one I've ever had. The real thing. You got to come here to get something like that. You can't get that in America. So, I've been told by my head of production, aka the producer, aka the director, aka the head of the rank, aka the sound designer, aka the colorist, that we must indeed end the vlog. So, therefore, this is the end of the vlog. Thank you very much. We'll see you next year. You're making a vlog in Greece. Welcome, bro. Let's get some margaritas. Are you going to do another POV? It's a Tuesday. Here's the final ending to the vlog out here. Euro summer one. The boys. The boys. Zero.

  Top Comments:
  1. @luke_davis [70 likes]: You asked, we listened! Here is our official Spotify playlist for the Soundtrack of REEL LIFE: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/0YePomVoeBPWmaq6ol0w6F?si=832e1efe4d8a4672
  2. @UFCPol [2 likes]: 20:50 bros staring
  3. @co_reox1 [1 likes]: I’ll never understand sauna with clothes on 😂
  4. @robertcoleman2101: Is Luke a single guy again
  5. @ridamdagariya2541: Hey i am bery inspired by you,
So i am going to france to complete my masters in finance and later i wish to work with you. So let me know if any extra tools of finance i need to learn to work with you!?
  6. @pixie_wallet: Speechless 😊
  7. @queenofluxury.3: Pure class from every angle ✨🖤
  8. @flashtvke: I think it's written "Diving is prohibited" but you can't read that😂😂 You got me there
  9. @ardaazizogullar1698: You gotta go to Turkey and see how the real vocation and hospitability is. Try it !!!
  10. @RmtpoaiderKbotpauads: You explained this so well, thank you!
  11. @ChartsbyMajor: How to become a BMB member
  12. @bmanb8698: love this gay couple
  13. @vedat4603: Life is  this i Like that
  14. @РамидаАкимова: Путешествую с вами по нашей земле. Очень красиво. Спасибо большое
  15. @owenlewis3733: Is that the Bentist?!
  16. @2Am_Wrld.pvp_Velocity: I promise On everything I own Ima Make It.
  17. @lovekaede7133: My life soon
  18. @MariluVillafuerte-y8s: I luv Greek Coffee Frappe
  19. @CrisisCraft: Digging the content bro, Nice!
  20. @n0lim1t_john28: Where are the sunnies from?

- My Ultra Luxury Trip in China: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] dog. >> I'm trying the dog in China. >> One of the biggest shareholders in the world. >> What the hell, man? It's so much money. >> They don't want you to drive crazy, huh? >> See, that's why you got the the strap, right? Match the phone. >> What's your target on how much do you actually want? >> Yeah, I was thinking about 20 million. Shanghai. It's crazy. Honestly, one of my favorite cities. You got to come check it out. It is a crazy, crazy place. It shows you where the world is heading. And China is coming for everybody. It would be very very surprising if China is not number one in the future. Now, I know that that's a very scary and shocking thought, but we got to be realistic. China is innovating and they're innovating fast. They're innovating in ways that no other country can because they can kind of do whatever they want and get away with it. Now, what do I mean by that? I don't want to be too specific with what I say, but there are no real consequences for a Chinese company taking something that already exists in another country and replicating it and trying to undercut it and trying to do it better. Oh no. Uh, fried rice with beef. >> Beef. >> Snowflake beef. >> Okay. Okay. >> Shushi. >> How do you find the communication here? >> Communication is fun. Chinese people very efficient, very helpful. They will stay with you as long as uh it takes. >> It's really good. >> The translation. Combe. >> Kbeam. >> Who wants kot? >> This. >> What do you say? Kot kot. >> Kot. >> Yeah. It's like the hometown juice. >> Hometown. Kot juice. >> Hometown juice. Kot. >> Hometown. Kot juice. I think you want Do you want some hometown? Kot juice. >> Sure. >> Not really. There you have it. Some fresh compot juice. Not bad. Super weird. >> Dog. >> I think it's dog. Guys, don't believe him. It's dog. >> We're in China. >> Is that actually a thing? >> Yeah. I'm tried the dog in China to be honest. Yes. >> You tried. >> Are you okay? >> Yes. I was just misunderstood with the meat. I was order chicken and like they put some kind of weird meat for me. It was not soft, you know. I was like, "What is it?" And asked the Google translator and like the guy told me like, "Ah, the dog." But it was not on the big city like China. >> How it taste? >> Um, disgusting to be honest. >> You couldn't pay me any amount of money to try. >> I know. I could pay you though. >> Yeah, for sure. Not much. You've been in China for like 2, three years, right? >> Uh, yeah. In general, like I like culture. I like food to be honest. I feels like super like everything seems super easy here. You can like make delivery in like in 5 minutes going to be in your in front of your apartments. >> China is like maybe one of the most convenient cities on earth. The way that they've like already structured the technology. a lot of people only recently like I show speed came here and so it started opening up like people started going wow China is actually a lot more developed than I thought you want to take a taxi 10 minutes down the street isn't it going to be like $12 yeah it's like 2 >> and it's coming in 30 seconds >> every time like my friends on the war right now and uh they have uh buy like your own stuff for >> you have to buy your own like clothing and equipment to go fight in the Yes, of course. >> The government doesn't provide your your clothing in Ukraine. >> If your government really took for the war, you have to buy this stuff. The government's not include don't give you money for this. So >> So you don't get paid to fight. >> So isn't this crazy that Ukraine, which gets so much funding, so much support, but then the people are still taxed to have to provide for their soldiers to go and be in the military. >> And that's something that I don't think anybody would know. Now, I'm not saying this is a I hope that this is all resolved soon. You're Ukrainian, so you know firsthand. I just think that that's shocking and not something that a lot of people would know. >> Yeah. But we still keep together. That's like one of our main things. If not people, maybe in Ukraine, but not exactly. >> I never see this kind of cars in Europe. >> Bro, this is like kind of a replica of the Tesla. You know, the ones with the wing doors. >> At some point, they're going to come to Europe and take some big part of the market. No, >> they already are, bro. Like even >> Bid, you know, Bid >> B. Yeah. I'm invested into some uh Chinese EVs cuz what they're doing is they're replicating companies like Tesla. Tesla now still is like the leader, but China each year is figuring out a way to make it cheaper and cheaper. And then once they figure out how to make it cheaper, they're going to undercut everybody. I mean, look at the quality. The quality is great. The only thing that's missing is just like the branding and the marketing, which is when you think of a Chinese electric car, it doesn't feel like premium, you know? It doesn't have that same appeal as like a Rolls-Royce or a BMW or a Mercedes. This is going to take some time, but I think in the future when we don't have like combustion engine cars anymore, this is what it will be. Chinese EV will be luxury. >> You have a speaker here, too. >> That's like a monitor, I think. >> Yeah, but it's a secret one. They didn't tell me. >> You're professional. >> I am. I was a DJ for many years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's how I made all my money, you know, DJing. A lot of people don't know this, but you can't use anything in China. No Spotify, no YouTube, no Instagram, no nothing. >> Okay, thank you so much. You're welcome. >> Crazy where life takes you, huh? You should always like be mindful that nothing is forever because you can reinvent yourself so many times. If you told me 12 years ago when I was DJing in these little clubs that I would be living this life now, I don't think I would believe it. It's insane. Now, look, I was DJing more out of passion than it was like for business cuz I obviously have always been obsessed with music. But yeah, just crazy where life takes you. the amount of things that I've done in my life and how many times I've reinvented myself. Like from being a musician to then doing festivals and then creating a tech company and then DJing again and then being an artist manager and then a music producer and then starting YouTube. Like there is no limitations to what you can become. Don't let anybody ever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tell you that you can only do one thing and that that will be the thing that you do for the rest of your life. Because the amount of things that I've successfully accomplished and done them well and then transition to something else, I do not have any limiting beliefs like that anymore. Like if I want to go and be something else tomorrow, I 100% guarantee that I will become that thing because I have so much self-belief. And I've now reinvented myself so many times that any doubters or any haters or anybody that ever says, "No, it's not possible." I know because I've made it possible. So I will never listen to anybody else again in my life except me. So if I want to do something and reinvent myself tomorrow, I know that I can. And so can you. We out in Brooklyn turning up another notch. I'm slizzy drizzy, baby. You know how I rock. I'm doing toast with my mo at the spot. I'm a stunner. I'm a see that's on God. Your man times up and he's on the clock. I wear my rolly upside down in her spot. That way the sixes is always on top. She said her bestie want to get home and swap. Okay. What? >> Say it again. Say it louder. >> I know English. >> Your Chinese is so bad. He thought you speak English. >> What do you want to say? >> My name is Hannah. Hannah. >> Beautiful. Hey yo, Eric, bring them girls to the stage cuz somebody's getting paid. And free big slime out the cage. Shorty tried to play it cool, but now she wish you would have stayed cuz every song that I made is ringing like I got engaged. Blow my trade. You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] better behave. All that pumping up your chest. All that talk about the best. You know how sticky it gets. Where we stand right now, we are in the presidential suite of one of the best hotels in the entire country. If you ever get a chance to come here and you get to witness that skyline right there, you will easily be convinced that that is the best skyline in the entire world. So, every time that I come here and I'm lucky enough to spend some time in Shanghai, always I just spend hours staring at that view because that view will make you feel something. It is insane. Now, we are here on China on a quick business trip, but in our spare time, we are going to try to have a little bit of fun, go out, sightsee, do as much as we can with the little time that we have while we're here. All right, so let's get it started with showing you this insane room. I know it's a bit of a mix. Like 50% love the room tours, the other 50% don't. But, we got to show it cuz it's crazy. So, let's get it started. All right. So, very first thing that you will notice is how tall these ceilings are. This is a double level suite. So, got massive staircase. The bedroom is upstairs. And there are speakers that are set up all throughout the room on this level and that level. And that is because I'm assuming that this room is mainly used for parties. You come over here, you'll see there's a massive DJ booth. When you connect to this DJ booth, there are dozens of speakers throughout this room and the music will be playing everywhere. In the night time, this view will come to life. But something that I don't like that much about this city, but I understand why they do it, is that there is a set time for all the lights on the buildings to come on and off. So, it's like 7:00 p.m. to 11:00 p.m., right? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. 7:00 p.m. to 11:00 p.m. every night, lights are on, and then 11:00 p.m. every night, the lights turn off. So, you got a few hours there, you know, when you're here traveling to kind of soak in that view. But if you come home, you know, it's after 11:00 p.m. all the lights are off and then it kind of loses that magic. But between 7 to 11:00, it's insane. Just so you can see, this room is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] huge. Like, it is unnecessarily big. We got the big bar here. I guess later on when we have some people over, we will utilize this, put some drinks on here. All right, we got the butler's entrance here that comes into the kitchen. So, whenever they're going to come to serve food and drinks, they will come through here. And most presidential suites that you'll see always have separate entries. Usually they they always have two separate entries. There's like one for the kitchen butler area and then they'll have another one which is generally an escape room because in a lot of presidential suites they'll put a separate entrance to the main door so that if anything happens because usually in these sorts of suites very highle people stay here and so if there's ever any problems or issues they're able to exit through a different door than the main one. Dining area pretty straightforward. Eight seats here. Have we eaten here yet? >> I don't think so. >> All right, so let's go to the most utilized part of this room, which is upstairs and my bedroom. All right, we're here now in the master bedroom. In fact, it's the only bedroom. And right here is where the magic happens. And by magic, I mean me sitting here with my laptop, pulling my hair out, trading until the very late hours of the morning because the time zone here is absolutely cooked. I've been averaging like maybe 3 or 4 hours sleep per night. Here, the American stock market opens at 9:30 p.m. and closes at 4:00 a.m. I always forget how big of a shift it is. And so, every time I'm here, I have to readjust to how little I sleep and how exhausted I am all the time. All right, and now for one of the best parts of this room is the bathroom. This bathroom is insane. Look at this bathtub with that view. You got a TV there. So, you can sit in here at night when the lights turn on. It's insane. I'm not a big bath person. The only time that I have baths is when I have Epsom salt baths. If you don't know what Epsom salt is, it is magnesium. And you put this salt into the water into warm water and you lay in the water and you soak there for 20 minutes. And after you get out of the bath, it will make you feel very calm and relaxed. When I'm in very high pressure, very stressful periods of my life, always I'll be taking Epsom salt baths. They'll help to keep me calm and grounded whilst whatever I'm going through definitely helps me a lot. But I'm a shower person. I have like two or three showers per day. Everybody that knows me knows I'm a shower addict. I get my best thoughts, my best ideas while I'm standing here in the shower. And this shower, look how big it is. It's not every day that you see a sauna in a hotel room, but that's why I'm your favorite hotel reviewer, right? You don't get to see these in other hotel reviews. Something that I'm not a big fan of in this room is these doors. So, if you see here, these doors are actually clear. And that means that when you're in this bed and you're in this huge [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] room, if there's any lights that I forgot to leave on or there's anything going on downstairs, you will hear and see everything. But surprisingly, despite how tall all the windows are throughout this room, you can make all of them go blackout. You just have to go to every single section and close the curtains, which I think that they could just make one button. And if you're in bed, one button, black out the whole room and go to sleep. >> I'm cutting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. I feel the betrayal. I'm ready to lay on. I'm ready to spray on. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on your ho. I'm pushing the spit. Got a star in the door. I got one at my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> I think I'm the only influencer on the planet without an iPhone 17. Every [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] person I've seen on YouTube, Instagram, Twitter, Tik Tok, they're like, "My brand new unboxing of my iPhone 17 like 3 days ago. It just dropped today. People with 3,000 followers with the iPhone 17. >> Okay. >> I take your birthday present. >> No way. >> Happy birthday. >> What color do you want? >> I like black. >> Yeah. You want black? >> His birthday present. >> Birthday. >> Happy birthday. Thank you, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like, what's up? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] then I'm gone. >> He's not even joking. You literally said that you got this strap to match your new phone. >> I've been yesterday. >> That's the level we got to be grinding to, guys. Match your iPhone color with your RM. >> Oh, >> it's like you in the club last night, bro. Insane, >> man. We're going to look back on this video in 20 years and be like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is this?" Cuz soon these robots are going to be cooking, cleaning, and all sorts of other things. >> All right, so DJI, a lot of people don't know this Chinese company. Now, DJI is number one when it comes to the commercial drone market, and they are pioneering and revolutionizing. They are one of the most innovative Chinese companies to do it right now in terms of like commercial products. So, this is where the future is heading where before China wasn't at the forefront with big brands. It was South Korea, it was Japan, but now now it's starting to happen. And I believe that the same thing is going to happen with Chinese EVs. They will be at the forefront and they probably will be front and center with leading in the car market. They're coming and they're coming fast. >> Where are we off to now? >> We're going to test drive some EVs, right? Some Chinese EVs. I've been invested into some Chinese electric car companies this past year. I do think that they are the future. We'll dive into why I think they're the future a little bit later, but I'm excited. I've been wanting to test drive a few for a little while. I've actually never even sat inside of one. I've done a lot of research into the companies and so I'm excited to actually be here in person where they're made, where they're produced, go into the showroom and have a look. So, let's go there now. I have no idea. >> I don't know anything about this car. So maybe you guys can explain it. >> Fast like this one. Explain to him the this car to hand 1.9 to 100. Took me yesterday, bro. It's so fast. He said he can arrange two cars if you want. >> Wow. Let's do two cars. >> We can do a race. >> Divide it into two teams. One is this green car. Green car >> and one come with me and the yellow car. >> Give me fast car. Uh faster car. How come >> yellow faster? >> It's the same. It's the same. Same. The same. >> If it's red, it would be faster. >> Yeah. It's actually proven statistic. Red cars go faster. >> Why? >> No, it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> You can say it and everybody will believe it. Because this car is a test drive car, so it the system limit the power. >> Really? >> Yeah. Right now it's got uh 800 horsepower. >> And what does it usually have? >> Uh 1,500 horsepower. >> Wow. Almost double. >> But now we limit it because they don't want you to drive crazy. Huh. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> They don't want you to have fun. >> Dangerous. >> Yeah, it is. It's got the suede. >> Is this like real um carbon? >> Yeah, it's all real. >> Real carbon. >> Crazy. And this What's this? >> It's the iPhone tower. Xiaomi have his own factory. >> Yeah. Own factory. >> Produced by itself. Yeah. >> Yeah. Same with Xiaoeng. >> This is why Chinese companies are coming for Tesla very quickly because the main thing that Elon Musk did was he figured out manufacturing and he did it better than everybody else. And so now Chinese companies are also manufacturing and they're soon like you know legacy automakers are going to be done. Which companies do you think are going to be first to go >> from legacy? >> I mean Ford is losing billions of dollars. GM and the thing is they all tried to do the electric vehicle route but it's very difficult without subsidies especially. >> People don't understand how hard it is to to get into this game to get into this space. It's going to be crazy, man. >> We got to do this booster. Where can we do the boost here? >> Okay. One. >> Wow. Insane. >> It's not the >> That's not that. The guy did it faster, right? >> Yeah. It's a lot of G's. >> Sick. It's the future. Now, let's go check out the big boys. Xpang. [Applause] This is the latest Xpen car, the P7. It's only in China right now, but this is the one that I'm most interested to try. Yes, that's what I saw. That's what I felt yesterday. I was surprised cuz this company is growing really fast. >> They're going to double their sales in 2025 over 2024. So, and they're doing so many things like I was telling Dean how they focus on robotics. They've got many other things, but this is a new P7 and this car it's like the now the fastest charging. So, 0 to 80% in 12 minutes. >> Like this like when I'm investing >> cuz it gives you like a real feel of the company. They're doing market research on the ground, you know, just like Yan goes to Revolution every night. >> Market research. >> Imagine he had the same dedication as what we do for the the companies we invest in. This guy would be multi-billionaire. >> No, but that's important, bro. Like, they're sales people. They're meant to >> Yeah. This is not good. One of the biggest shareholders in the world. What the hell, man? It's so much money like that. Where does Xiaoang in the race of self-driving? Where are they ranked? >> He's like, "Oh, I'm not sure. >> Xiaomi." Maybe >> Xiaomi is number one. >> Yeah. Yeah. Xiaomi is all right. It's not that good, but okay. But not bad as well. All right. So, >> and and Xiaoping. >> Xiaoing is amazing. He say come on man. >> But does he say it's the best? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> So he's saying it's number one. >> He say that. But come on man. He's from Shopen. Right. So >> like Shop is amazing in the world. It's the top in the world right now. >> Right. >> We've been driving for 5 minutes now. He has not touched the wheel once. >> These Chinese EVs, they're coming and they're coming fast. And you know, Legacy Automaker is going to be very worried because soon they're going to find a way to I mean they're not going to find a way. They will make these cheaper and they're going to undercut the whole market and then these companies will take over. So, do you want to be invested now or after? That's the main question. There's going to be a lot of winners and a lot of losers. It's about picking and choosing and that's why coming here, sitting in the cars, experiencing them, talking to the sales staff and like trying to get a firsthand perspective was very important for me because I am invested into a lot of Chinese EVs, but I haven't made a big leap into investing a lot. I will only invest a lot of money into companies when I really do a lot of due diligence. And with a car company, you absolutely must come sit, try, even buy the car before you're going to invest significant amount of money. And so that's exactly what I've tried to do here today. So yeah, this is a great way, you know, when you're investing millions and millions of dollars, you got to go and do your own due diligence. >> Futuristic looking car, very sexy, very sleek. >> All right, bro. Uh for the one over there is the price here, bro. >> $26,000. >> Yes. for the plus. >> And that one you wanted >> 30,000. >> Insane. So this car that we just drove, the Xiaoang, the Xpang, it's more than half. It's 60% less than the other one cuz the other one was 70 something,000. So this is 23 and $30,000. And the quality of the car is insane, bro. Isn't it insane how the cars are so cheap and they're able to produce at this quality? >> That was $25,000. >> Yeah. 23,000. >> Yeah. No, it's insane. >> So the one we went in is 70K. Of course, it's a little bit better, but it's not that much better. And bro, they're only going to get cheaper. >> And I even asked him, "Why is it that no one came up to us? We're investors in the company. Like, what's going on?" And he said, "It's because we don't speak English. We don't know how to articulate ourselves." >> Cuz if they had somebody like here, here explaining everything, very friendly. You'd probably walk away from me and be like, "This is a good experience. This is a company I need to invest in." >> I think the plan is we buy more stock, we meet with the CEO, hire this guy, move him here, make him the manager. >> Mr. Xbang, if you're watching, we got to meet up. We got to talk. But we got to discuss. All right, we're here. Shanghai. It's time. Got to put some miles. Got to put some KS in the bank. One of the most beautiful runs that you will do in your life. And actually, it's like midepptember right now. Did not know that Shanghai stays this hot. It is like 37° right now. But it doesn't matter. We got no excuses. It's time to put some miles in the bank. Hello. I got to be I got places to be standing next to you and you next to me. Hello. I got places to see. Down go down. You like >> the fried rice is so good but so spicy. Like too spicy for >> Yeah, we love spicy food in China. >> I know you like I know this. >> Spicy. No life for us. Okay. So, >> yes, I know. >> It's so good but spicy. Like, oh my >> ate two of them. Then >> it's so good, but so spicy. Good. Oh my god. In the middle of what? >> I survived too. >> So damn spicy but good. >> So that means you can. >> Do you think it's like real love here or it's just all about like partnership? And >> they need the money first. >> The money house and the have love. Okay. Le you love me my man. You you have to show me how much you love me. I have no money. We are not possible to be together. And my mama, she should kill you. >> So this was Chinese, all Chinese women. >> No. No. Come on, bro. I'm saying all Chinese woman. All right. You have to kill me. Okay. I said more than half. Okay. So, >> your seat has a massage function. Would you like to try it? >> Yes. >> Okay. Shi >> wait okay >> you make strong strong >> uh massage massage >> uh >> I'm very sorry sir the massage pressure is already at the maximum >> so I'm sure a lot of people are curious what you travel with what are your essentials >> I'm traveling pretty light this time. Usually I come with a lot of suitcases and have a lot of things, but we're only here for about a week. So, I'll show a couple things. These are some of my essentials, right? So, this is an electric toothbrush. If you don't have an electric toothbrush, you definitely need to get one of these in your life. This is a game changer. Every time I go to the dentist for a clean or checkup, they always say that they're very impressed with the condition of my teeth. I've always been extremely meticulous with my dental hygiene. I know a lot of people that might have the means to do so usually go and get veneers and try to make their teeth look as aesthetically pleasing as possible, but I have never chosen to do so. Of course, for somebody like me who always has facial hair, you got to have the essential kit for taking care of it. Now, I don't actually use this too much myself. I tend to just always go to a barber. It's too timeconuming and I just am too lazy to do this. Actually, the man behind the camera introduced me to all this stuff. He introduced me to showing you how having a beard on a man can actually make a man look more handsome, potentially younger if done correctly. And so since that day, I have always had a beard whereas I used to always shave. I think if I was to ever do a video where I was clean shaven, feel like I'd look like a completely different person. Nerol shampoo. Nothing too luxurious about it. I've got a little bit of dandruff and so I do use this medical shampoo maybe like two times per week. It tends to keep my dandruff in check. So, I use this with sometimes I use other shampoos. I don't usually use like too many medical or chemical sort of products. This is maybe one of the only things in my life that I will make an exception for because having dandruff is not good for your scalp and so that's why I use this. I used to be a very big cologne person, but over the last year or two, I've noticed that I've become very sensitive to them. But I do travel with one right now. I've always gotten a lot of compliments from women on this one, and all you need is just one spray. That's how good it is. This is Clive Christian Blonde Amber. I've got a lot of perfumes and cologn that I have at home, but I didn't pack my own things when we left. So, this was the perfume that was put in here. I don't usually use perfume that much anymore. Only really on special occasions. So, yeah. >> Hey, bro. How are you, bro? Good. I'm so happy to see you again. >> Damn, bro. I went to sleep at like 5:00 a.m. Trading all night. Barely slept. Woke up exhausted. I was like, "Let's go for a mantra. You brought me to the fanciest place." Where are we right now? This is insane. >> Wow. Makes me feel like I drink again. I quit alcohol one year ago. >> Already? >> Damn. So long time already. >> Could you do this? >> Call me like one day, two days, no problem. But more than 2 days, I'll be dying, man. >> I think maybe you bit of alcoholically. >> I can try not drink for one day, two days, no problem at all. But more than two days, I'll be feel like her. Wow. Insane. >> It's good. >> Yeah. Really good. If you bring this to somewhere like Dubai, you know Dubai? >> Dubai. Yeah. >> If you do this in Dubai and you charge a lot of money, like let's say we make this drink 500. >> 500, >> right? People will pay. >> yeah. We sell 500 per day, we make a lot of money. If I come to China, my family is not from China. So I look like I look in China, >> bro. Sorry for that. But you you are not Chinese at all. Anyway, you are white people. Okay. So even you from China, but you are not Chinese looking at all. >> But in other countries, if a Chinese person comes to Australia and they born in Australia and they raised in Australia, they will be >> Australian. >> Australian. I know what you mean. China. >> Thank you. You know the reason why China is innovating so fast, it's not a democracy here. And in the west, we rely on the old age system of pure and fair, what should be pure and fair democracy. But this is a very slow process. And you want to do something in the west. You want to build something in Europe. You want to get something passed. In America has to go through a very very long process with a lot of hurdles and obstacles. In China, they have an idea. It just gets done. They just do it. The next day it's done. While obviously a democracy is much better, it seems to be not working because it's flooded with corruption. And I wish democracy was used and honored the way that it was created. But unfortunately, that does not exist anymore. And so you have a system like the one that exists in China, which is very scary for the West because they just get it done without any hurdles, obstacles. They have an idea and boom. So how is the West going to compete with something like China? Scary. So to give you kind of the rundown of how this has all come about, our partner, our CIO on the fund, he's getting a lot of, you know, other family offices basically giving him first right refusal and they just said that, hey, we have some Canva or some people that own Canva that are looking for liquidity. Last round was done at 1705, I want to say, per share, which is like a 42 billion valuation. So >> I've been trying to get Canva, it's been very, very difficult. I don't know why. And I saw like the valuations were kind of fluctuating a lot. Like even it was priced higher at one point and then it came down. It's something that I have been very interested in. But yeah, it all comes down to the the final um pricing. So how much are they looking to get rid of? >> What we're told it's a pretty big block that is possible, but they're not needing to sell everything all the way up to, you know, probably 10 plus. So >> Okay. So would they do more than 10 million? >> Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure they would. Yep. actually want? depends on the final pricing, but yeah, I was thinking about 20 million. >> Yeah, I actually got um a little bit unlucky. I was basically about to be in the the last round of Open AI, which was at like the 200 something billion. I missed the cut off. Now it's going at what five more than 500. And then recently, I actually sent in money for XAI. And that also the way that it was structured with the family office missed the the cut off as well. And so they refunded me back the money. >> Very good friend of mine. and client and mentor. He runs a big health tech company. They do over a billion a year in revenue. And they took some series B preferred in XAI. So they would sell it at 30 to 32ish a share. It's 153,000 shares. So about 4.8 million, call it US. If you're interested in XAI, I can send the updated whatever we have today. >> Yeah, definitely. If you can just send me Canva, send me XAI for now. That's kind of it. But I think if there's anything else interesting, yeah, >> I can just send you a list just so you have it. >> Perfect. Yeah, do that, please. Thanks, brother. >> Yeah, good to meet you on on FaceTime >> Definitely. Speak to you soon. >> See you soon. >> See you, man. Bye. There we go. So, looking into Canva XAI. I invested into XAI and I missed the cuto off time, so the money got refunded back to me, which was the first time that's ever happened, which was a very interesting experience. I also missed a deadline for OpenAI which was a pretty crazy one because it was at a valuation of like maybe in the high like around 200 something billion. I missed the cut off by one day and now one month later they're raising at 500 something billion dollar valuation. So had you purchased privately you would now have doubled your your money which is insane. And actually something I I said it in my video in Mkos I was talking about a company named Kraken which was probably planning to go public in the next 6 to 12 months. And so I said on the video, you know, if you look into this and if you're able to buy into it privately, there's a possibility that next year it's probably going to be a hot one as well. And in that time in the private market, Kraken has actually already doubled. So it went from $25 a share privately to $50 a share. And it hasn't even gone public yet. So this is what a lot of people are doing right now. Like a lot of companies don't want to go public anymore cuz there's a lot of regulation and scrutiny. So they try to stay private as long as possible. And you can keep raising money and you can keep raising your valuation of your company depending on the market and how well you're doing. And right now is the best time for these companies because in the private market things are very very hot just like Kraken did a double in just a couple months and it's not even IPOed yet. And you know a great example is a stock that recently went public called Figma. Now Figma you probably would have been able to get into it and then as they were about to IPO they raised their IPO price target three times over that day before even going public. So I think it went from 30 and they ended up launching around 90. So you make a 3x and then it ended up running that same day and going to like 120 or something. So imagine you bought it privately, you bought it at $10, you could have bought it at $5. You wait one year and then on the day it's about to go public, it launches at $90 something and then it ends up running up. And if you so happen to sell that same time in just one year, you 10x your money because all these tech companies right now, robotics, AI, anything that you can get your hands on to that has a potential solid outlook are just going absolutely bonkers. This is how a lot of people get very very wealthy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wanhart85 [2 likes]: Hey Julian, don't act and pretent like you are somebody in China. Your money is NOTHING in China. China is a wealthy country. You have nothing to offer to Xpeng, let alone to China... Dude... LOL.
  2. @unveilunbox: I hope you're OK bro, it's been a very long time😢😢
  3. @OnTheWristChannel: Bro your cinematography has to be studied 😂. The video is great!!
  4. @M613-1: A year to 10x? 🥲
  5. @jr_OCerujano: Hi idol 💞👏🏻
  6. @jr_OCerujano: Hello 🤗
  7. @jr_OCerujano: Nice trip
  8. @mrbro02: 1:45 it's been a long long long time since something in the internet
  9. @mukulyadav6381: running form is L
  10. @SadnessOilyhand5495: Hey, pls bro your the anthony bourdain now, pls upload more videos like this pls.
  11. @KaeloLebona: Dude you and those woman you are so lying about china , in china they have more than 250 car brands how in the world would they replica tesla with 3 models and besides tesla  dependents on chinies battery technology to survive. You think that propaganda country of yours you know better than everyone in the world and you are wrong admit it China is way better than that world 3rd country of 6.
  12. @mmmm-o6h4w: In China, unless you're a dog meat enthusiast, you simply can't find a restaurant that sells dog meat; it's extremely difficult to come across one. They're usually only found in specialized restaurants. Even if a restaurant does sell dog meat, they won't just sell it to a foreigner like you. The girl's story, I guess, suggests she ate duck meat. She ordered from a picture, but it was actually duck meat; she thought it was chicken. Most Chinese people only know a few English words, so when she told him it was duck, she misheard "duck" as "dog."
  13. @mabdulmateen: No one’s copying Tesla
  14. @blakesnake00: I have money, but JP has what we call “fuck you money” ! Nice !
  15. @portiahurt: 🕊️✝️💓🪽🪶🪶🪐🌍🤖🩷🌍🌍🌱🌈🫧
  16. @Kushari: Tesla has no longer been the leader for many years now.
  17. @Yassu-b8f: we need more finance talks
  18. @dwjasdfgh: yo is that snoop dogg?
  19. @momntly: we need more videos like this
  20. @vishnyo: bravo on thing acomplished

- My Luxury Trip In Monaco: Kind: captions Language: en So I have purchased quite a lot. In total I bought 25 million. They would actually check the consumption. If they weren't able to see any, then they would cancel your [Music] residency. A lot of very powerful, successful people park their money in this place because I wish it was just us in this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But they can't trust us in this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Cuz I'm trying to bust nuts in this. Let's keep it on a hush hush in this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I told her she's so pretty and she just blessing this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] She clutch clutch in my hand. I'm adjusting my she husky like mush mush in this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You must be nuts rushing. Slow it down like macaroni. I know it sound like Zack and Cody. This life sweet. I mean hot. You might be. Welcome to Monaco. Come on in. All right, so we're back. We're back in Monaco. Maybe the most expensive place on earth. I'm sure that everybody knows that Monaco is a place that attracts a lot of wealth, a lot of opulence, a lot of very powerful, successful people park their money in this place because it is a tax haven. We're here at Hotel Hermitage. Usually when I come here, I stay at Hotel Dare. But the weekend we've come is actually the Monte Carlo Masters. So it's a very popular tennis match and all the hotels are sold out. So, at the last second, this was the best that we could do. We have a beautiful suite here in this hotel. It's a very nice vintage style of [Applause] room. One of my favorite hotels in the world is actually the Four Seasons in St. Petersburg, Russia. They have one of the most insane historic hotels. This is a very historic hotel and you can tell as you're walking through here that this place has a very special energy just like all of Monaco does. You know, Monaco has a very specific type of energy and you're either going to come here and love it or you're going to come here and hate it. But the best for last is this view. Insane view. Look at these mountains. Imagine living up there like you've got your apartment in the clouds. That would be crazy right here. They're already setting up for Formula 1. Formula 1 is in a couple of weeks. I think one of the biggest events that Monaco is famous for. And funny enough, on all the days that we arrive here, it's raining. So, the weather's not too good today, but every single time I've come to Monaco, the weather's always been amazing. It's crazy sitting in Monaco right now. I think that Monaco is a bucket list destination for so many people. It's a cool place to be. And now I have come here before, but I feel like I didn't give it a good enough chance. I didn't spend enough time here. I didn't see enough. And so now I've come back here with the intention to spend a little bit more time here to see whether I could potentially get myself a place here and spend a few months of the year here. I've been contemplating doing the residency, getting bank accounts, and going through that process. I wouldn't full-time live in Monaco. I think that I couldn't spend all year here, but I think that there are some pros and cons to this place. There's not too many cities that have the mountains and the sea. And if you can have mountains and water in one place, that's an epic combo. Obviously, a lot of amazing history here. But this place does attract a lot of very interesting characters. And it tends to lean on the older demographic. So, if you're coming here and you're a little bit younger, you may not feel like you can fully fit in because maybe the social aspect is going to be harder to integrate into. I feel like if you're younger, you've got to be like in your teenage years so that you can go to high school and mingle with the the locals here. But if you're coming here and you're in your 20s or 30s and you are trying to make friends and network, I feel like it might be a little bit tough. Dubai is a lot easier because Dubai is attracting a very young crowd that are all going there with one goal, very ambitious, very hungry. And I feel like Monaco is a place that you come when you've already accomplished everything. You've accomplished it. You want to chill out now. And this may be one of the best places to come park your money, live in a safe place so you don't have to worry about crime too much. I know that I can walk around with watches and jewelry and not have to stress too much. and you are so close to the rest of Europe. So, hop to the airport, hop on a flight, and you can be anywhere in Europe all whilst living in a tax-free destination. There's no place like Monaco. It's one of the most unique places on Earth. And so, I'm here to spend a little bit more time, check it out, and see whether I could see myself being based here. All right, Monaco. It's time to put some miles in the bank. I'm tired. I'm stressed, but it doesn't matter. And unlike that boat, I am in a rush, so it's going to be a quick one today. So, let's put some miles in the bank. Hey Siri, play something lit. I know that they didn't want to feed us. See, now all makes sense. If I go up 10 on a roll, I make sure that I pay rent. I was like, you feel all I would ever let. All right, run's finished. We're going to go into my favorite coffee shop in the world. Best quality coffee that exists. If you haven't been here, I'm telling you, this is number one. You might not find it in your city because it is very hard to find. But we've gotten lucky today and we found one of the best coffee roasters in the world, Starbucks. Run was actually pretty tough cuz it's so many hills around here. So, I actually feel a little bit tired. Usually, I feel charge after run. Wow. Is that €4.2 million or 65 m? It's a lot of money, but what you're paying for in Monaco, you're not paying for the space. You're not paying for the size of the apartment. I feel like you're paying more for the lifestyle. You're paying for the access that this place gets you, and you're also paying for the residency. I've been researching a lot like the process of how to do the residency here. And it's not as straightforward as a place like Dubai. Dubai is insanely easy for anybody that wants to just become a resident there and go straight to 0% tax overnight. you know, you see all these people from third world countries moving over that don't really need that much to start it off. Monaco, it's a little bit more of a process. So, in Monaco, the first step is that you need to either rent or buy property. Rent, it's very expensive. So, if you want to get something even half decent, you're going to probably have to pay bare minimum like 7 to€10,000 per month. And that's going to be, I'd say, for a below average place. But that's just getting your foot in the door. Once you get to the bank, you then show them your property. and then they're going to ask you for a deposit from anywhere between €500,000 to €5 million. You're going to have to park that money in the bank. That means that that money can never leave the bank account because that money is going to be the reason that you're able to get a residency. And that's why in Monaco, you need a lot of capital to become a resident here. Also, I heard from some friends that some people would come here and they do these steps. They'd get the property, they'd get the bank account, then they'd never spend time in the property cuz the property was just in order to try and get the residency. And so they would actually check the consumption of your electricity or your water in your apartment. If they weren't able to see residency. Then apparently people started hiring people to go into their apartments, turn the water on, turn the lights on and off just to have some consumption so it can seem like somebody's actually living there. So it's a very, very complicated process and I think that you have to really come here and fall in love with Monaco if you want to go through that versus just going straight to Dubai and doing it very quickly and easy. Do you think you'll move here? I don't think I'll move here, but I am contemplating getting a place and spending some time here, like to base myself here for a few months of the year. The next time I come here, I want to do some walkthroughs some properties. So, if anybody watching this is a real estate agent in Monaco, definitely hit me up because next time I want to come here properly and see some places and see whether I could have this as one of the bases. I think having such close proximity to so many cities in Europe is definitely a big bonus and so I wouldn't mind you know in the summertime in Dubai to have a base here as well. So let's see what happens. Something else that I was actually buying over the last few weeks was the Australian dollar. So it got beaten up pretty badly obviously cuz it is correlated with what's going on in China. The euro probably would have been a smarter choice, but I decided to to go into the Australian dollar. So, I have purchased quite a lot and I got some pretty good entries. How much is that? Um, it's about I have to check. In total, I bought 25 million Australians and the Australian dollar today is up very slightly 0.56%. You can see here. So, my entry was around 61 60 61 61.5. I don't trade currencies. It's more again as a long-term thing. It could take time, but getting the Australian dollar at 61. You know, it's only a matter of years. That's something that I'm willing to hold for years, that is very low risk in my opinion. It's not very volatile and it will guarantee in the future go up. Now, it's not massive returns like stocks or crypto, but when you're holding a lot, sometimes I hold $50 million in a currency. If I'm holding $50 million of a currency and that moves 1% in a day, that's a lot. But if you're investing $50,000 into a currency and like today it's up 0.5%, it's not really going to do much for you. And it may not even beat inflation at the end of the year if it doesn't move that much. So, this only works with large amounts of money. And I just thought that it was a little bit battered. It even hit 59. When I started to see some headlines change the narrative in a more positive direction, then I started to enter in. So, let's see what's going to happen. I could close it as well. Um, depending on what we see. from suster. It's amazing. It's the diner is Eiffel Tower. Yeah. Yes. It's beautiful for that. If you want a pictures for your memories, you can ask me when you want. I had the worst sleep I've had in many months because this hotel the soundproofing is so bad. You can hear people's footsteps from above and you can hear people talking from the room next door. Even though I'm in a big suite, somehow the room next door, I could hear them all night and they were up till like 5:00 a.m. So, I only slept at 5:00. And now, what time is it? Like 9:00. 4 hours. Not enough for me. Now, I've got to have this coffee. It's the only thing that's going to save me for the rest of today. So, this weekend in the stock market was insane. On Saturday night, they announced that Chinese tariffs were going to be removed for certain industries, and everyone was going to go crazy. And it was looking like we were going to have another massive rally day. I'm sure stocks would have gone 10 20%. But of course, as usual, Trump comes out last night, a few hours before futures open and basically says that's not true. We're not reducing tariffs on those products. So now pre-market is still up, but it's nothing like it was before. And the euro surprisingly 1.14. That means it costs an extra 14% to be in Europe right now. Anything that you swipe, anything that you buy, if you got US dollars is now another 14%. What about the Australian dollar? So if you've got Australian dollars and you're going to Europe, it's now 45% less valuable than the EU, which is nuts. But if you got euros and you go to Australia, you're now getting 80% more. Some big savings. So any Europeans watching, maybe time to head to Australia, go for a nice little vacation. Bondai Beach, Opera House. What else can they go do? That's about it. It's the only things the two things you can do in Australia. Where are we going now? We're going to the Monte Carlo Masters, which is a tennis tournament. It's a finals today. And a lot of people may not know this, but I'm a big tennis fan. I love tennis. Probably my favorite sport. Yeah, we were here at the same time, so we were like, "Fuck it. Why don't we just go?" Now, we're on our way to the venue and we're going to go watch Carlos Alcarez and this Italian guy. Actually, when I was younger, when I was like 22, 23, I started to play tennis. Like, I I didn't play as a kid. And when I was playing people that were kind of on my same level, I noticed that I was a little bit above average. I remember that I got so into it and I got so passionate about playing. I started asking a lot of people. I said, "If I was to go hire the absolute best coaches in the world, like let's say I went and poached Nadal's coach and Jovovich's coach and I just paid them a crazy amount of money, would I be able to within like 2 or 3 years of absolutely dedicating myself every single day for multiple years? Would I be able to potentially beat somebody in the top 250?" Every single person I asked told me no. I asked a lot of people that had a lot of experience. I even asked Nick Curios. Nick Curios said, "Not possible." And I said, "How is it not possible? If I dedicate myself for, let's say, 3 years with the absolute craziest coaches in the world, how would I not be able to just win one match?" And they said, "Because when you start young, you just have a crazy advantage. And when you start too late, you just cannot compete with somebody that has that muscle memory from such a young age. Even if you have the best of the best, tennis is not a sport that you can start late. But everybody shattered my dream, so I didn't end up pursuing it. So yeah, now we're on our way to go watch the tennis What's up? We're in Monaco grand finals. Nice experience. Crazy venue time. And it's time to get back to the match. Baby girl be easy. I'll hold your hand but still be greasy. 2K 23 FaceTime. Come see me in 3D play. Let's hold hands on the block cuz safe there. We can smoke blunts in a nice pent ass. You thought I was Personally, I actually don't like going to these sorts of matches and these events. I think it's much better chilling on the couch watching the game with some commentary. Much more relaxing. For me, I prefer it, but I understand some people like to, you know, come for the atmosphere, but for me, I'd rather just watch it like this. Way better. So nice experience, but I definitely would rather be on the couch at home watching it. Got lit with a brick tree. Got a twos. He's pissed off, but it is what it is. These we did what he did. Trust can't even get him away from a country boy to a country boy. Ries. I live where I live. All right, guys. That's it. Monaco's come to an end. Now, I'm going to be heading back to the south of France for one more week. Look, I think Monaco is a great place, but it's more for people that are into this kind of lifestyle. It's for very specific individuals. At the moment, I'm not sure whether I could see myself having a base here. I definitely need to come back here, spend a little bit more time. I want to get a real estate agent to show me around and show me some places and specifically show me some more quiet areas because a lot of the areas that I've seen so far are very busy and chaotic. There's construction going on almost everywhere and for me, I want like a really chill, peaceful life. So, I'd love to see some places that are in some more quiet areas if that exists here, you know? So, I look forward to seeing that next time. If you're not, subscribe, like, comment, and see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tractor_stocks [1 likes]: bro you are a gentleman, i love your vlogs because of your knowledge, Lov it brother
  2. @Српкиња1389 [1 likes]: Sea and mountains, at once? Well, the whole coast of Montenegro❤️! If you’ve ever been to Montenegro, you know what real beauty feels like. The sea and the mountains are one, raw, wild, alive. The One&Only Portonovi, 5-star ultra-luxury and people like you everywhere. Budva is very special, Mogren 2 Beach❤️ is surrounded by rocks and mountains, and those twisted pine trees that make the whole coast look unreal. You drive through Kotor’s serpentine roads, and it’s absolutely breathtaking and the view from The Horizon Restaurant and Lounge on the whole bay. And the inland:Durmitor, Žabljak, the Tara Canyon, a UNESCO wonder. Rafting, hiking, silence, freedom and untouched landscapes that feel like nowhere else in Europe. And in Bosnia’s Serbian part, the city of Trebinje is so beautiful, peaceful, full of charm, just without the sea. Montenegro isn’t just beautiful. It’s alive, so intense. You feel it. Monaco, who😅?
  3. @wayinversion1: damn
  4. @RujorneyClarke-g5l: Bro is Rich rich
  5. @RujorneyClarke-g5l: 25 million?
  6. @KhushbooKumari-k3g4f: What skills have you learned for earning? Please tell me.

At what age did you learn these skills? Please tell me that as well.
  7. @BecauseCreative: This is one of the most performative thing I’ve seen
  8. @marcoreus839: you had such a good entry on the AUD trade damn
  9. @teejay5516: It's a good place to live if you have connections living there
  10. @shrinivasadsule9640: if u want to see any vinatge hotels i can suggest u Taj hotel mumbai india is one of the best vintage hotels and udaipur palace in rajastan in India
  11. @fbchamp8dj: W
  12. @UGuaSELLEMIE: Beeeeessssteeeeee Ort zum Leben😂😂😂😂😂😂
  13. @Philippians413_PH: if AUD still holding now at a price of .70 he gained approx 4 million wow
  14. @garycameron2244: What about great barrier reef. Not all about Sydney
  15. @barneyswiss8054: Just do Maths, Rent is cheaper. 10000/Month Resultat in 33years living the compare to buying
  16. @Zktrds: 4:42 When he said hey Siri, my Siri activated
  17. @RISHABHSONI_100: Luxury is missing in the video 
He’s just fuckin yapping all the time
  18. @andystevenson38: i would love to have this guy invest my money he looks like he knows what hes doing in investing
  19. @JulianPres: Julian's the type of guy who goes on a holiday every month, unreal wealth
  20. @brad.dalton: I've got a 10 hour file of heavy rain i play on a external speaker from my laptop and it drowns out any external noise.

- My Ultra Luxury Holiday in the Maldives: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] A little far a little something. Hey, what's up guys? We're here bright and early. Been here for the last two weeks after China. Been staying here at the Master Alarab with this insane view. It is 5:00 a.m. right now. It's not every day that I wake up at 5:00 a.m. But today, it's going to be worth it because we are traveling to the Maldes. This year's been a very chaotic and stressful year for me. It has been very high pressure, very little sleep, and it's been almost 2 years since I've been back to the Maldes. The Maldives is by far my favorite relaxation place in the world. I used to go there multiple times per year just to reset. So yeah, I'm excited to finally be heading back. So now let's head downstairs, go to the car. We'll stop on the way to get a quick coffee and then we're off to the Maldives. >> Wow, I can see you. Great. >> I can see you. >> Oh, you can see me? >> Yeah. >> Wow. That's groundbreaking technology. Look at that innovation. Ramen, what do you want? Yep, that's it. Thank you. >> Hi. Good morning. >> How are you? Can I leave a tip? >> No. >> No, >> it's fine. We're not allowed. >> I keep getting told that, but I keep trying anyway. Have a great day, man. >> Ramen, I need you to put this watch in the vault and just store it today, please. I guess the morning >> Emirates cabin crew straight to the the lounge. That's crazy, right? Feel the world can't watch if you just disappear now coming down the stairs. >> Has it been good the last few days? >> Last weeks, actually. >> Wow. I'm sure as soon as we get off that boat, there'll be a huge thunderstorm. >> No, I hope not. You excited to be back? Can't wait to be on that island. Cocktails, mocktails, cigarettes, cigars, vapes, shishes. We're going to have it all, aren't we? >> You know what song I want to hear? >> That Mad McDonald song like Bonita. >> How does it go? >> Last night. >> Can you find it from that? >> Did you need that to figure it out so you can Shazam it? I dreamt of Sedo just like I was gone. I knew the song tropical the island all the major world. This is where I long to be. And when the sun will go high through my ears and stink my eyes to welcome back. Good to see you again. >> This is my sixth time. >> Yes. >> Is it my sixth? >> Yes, this is your sixth time. Where am I now on the leaderboard? >> On the top still. We have one guest is coming for the 13th time. >> 13th time. >> Yeah. But they like coming. >> What are they doing? Coming every weekend. >> Almost every month they come for a week and then they travel. They come back for one week. >> Crazy. >> I believe you are still in the top. You are definitely in the top 10 in. >> All right. Pleasure to see you. >> It's always a pleasure. Thank you so much for coming. Thank you for joining. Please. >> Thanks to Julian once again. A very warm welcome to the Riskarten Moldi and many more to come. Of course, we have total three islands that is connected to each other with bridges. Just now we came out to the main road. Now, we're going to go to the end of this island where we'll see all the main recreational facilities and then come back to cross the culinary island where there's four restaurants and pass through the north island. Go all the way to your villa which is located just in the middle here. One of the beautiful villas that we have, a two-bedroom water villa. It has infinity view. So, it's going to be beautiful. >> We do the tour only for the girls because, you know, I'm here six times. I could put a blindfold on right now, walk around. >> Yeah. And I can I can find my way. I'll be okay. >> The right side. This is the mystic garden. It's also the most Instagrammable swing we have on the island. Well, welcome to paradise where everybody wants to stay. the middle. This is the risk carton spa which is open from morning night until 7:30 the last room. >> Oh, there's a big shark. >> Where? Where? Where? >> Look, there's a remote fish also. >> Oh, there it is. >> It won't bite. >> No, you are bigger than it. So, it's got it will get scared of >> enjoy. Your first day with us? It's our first day. >> First day. >> We just arrived. We just came off the boat. Now we came straight to you. >> Are you guys celebrating something? >> Celebrating something. We're celebrating being alive. >> It's very important. >> Very good. >> A very good evening ladies and gentlemen. I'll be your guide this evening at IVO. Hello allows to extend our heartfelt welcome from Iva. In Japanese refers as celebration. So I keep tasting every day. >> While my colleague is serving your drink, you definitely notice it's overflowing from your cup. Overflowing welcome drink is symbolize a wish for your life, wealth and happiness. Hope you enjoy it. Thank you so much. Hope you will have a lovely time with us. Thank you. >> How's it? >> Wish it was alcohol. >> There must have been an angel by someone came down from above. He led me to you. >> He led me to you. >> So, what's your first impressions of the Maldives girls out of 10? >> 10. >> I think it's 10. >> Two. >> 20. >> 20. Wow. >> This is so peaceful. You feel so relaxed here. >> Hopefully, I can turn my phone off. Nobody will bother me. And that's it. That's all I'll be doing all week. >> As soon as I arrive, don't worry. Tomorrow, I know you didn't have rain for a few months. It will rain for sure. >> What's your favorite food? >> My favorite food, Shake Shack. Shake Shack. You know Shake Shack? >> Shake Shack? >> Yeah. It's like a burger place. >> Burger place. >> Yeah. Like McDonald's. >> You know, smashed burgers. >> Smashed burger. >> You know what that is? >> Smash. Yeah. >> It's this style of burgers. They created it. Shake Shack were the pioneers of this. >> A Shake Shack? >> Ah, yeah. >> You had those? >> Six. >> Sorry. I didn't >> Cheesecake Factory. You went there? >> Cheesecake Factory? >> Never went? >> That's good, too. You went there, right? >> I did. And >> my favorite place ever. >> Your favorite place? >> I know. >> Cheesecake Factory. There you go. If you can find yourself a girl and her favorite restaurant is Cheesecake Factory, wife her up. >> 7:30. Stock market's now open, which is crazy. I don't like this time zone because it's 7:30 p.m. and the stock market opens. So, I'm going to check it now. It'll probably be my last time checking it for the rest of the week. I hope that I can try my very best to do absolutely nothing this week because I just feel so much stress at the moment. And so, I need to completely disconnect from anything related to work, anything related to trading. So, this will be my last time checking. I look forward to this week being completely offline. Wow. So cute. >> Oh my gosh. Here we are live from the Maldes where today's forecast, if you look at those skies, we're having a full emotional breakdown. The forecast for the next seven days will be right over here. Back to you, John. >> Hello. >> You can come. >> How are you today? >> I'm very good. How about you? >> Good, thanks. >> It's for you? >> Yeah, it's for me. >> So, this is a B60. So, it's uh some percent of coffee we will put in the water. Want to pour it? >> Yes, please. >> Stop raining 100%. It's going to stop raining 100%. >> The guy said it was raining so much yesterday that it will been like nothing left for today. >> Oh, really? Is that what he said? >> Yeah. Maybe it's the last the last drops. >> I see. Not sure about that. >> I miss you. The deserts miss the rain and you [Applause] deserts miss the rain. >> It looks like the island just might not even get out. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on? >> We're on the middle of a stranded private island. We cannot actually leave right now. He just said we have to wait till this storm passes. And if this water gets any higher, where we're standing will be gone, >> bro. Look at that. That's crazy. The sandbank is gone. >> All right, guys. So, we're here. Presidential suite sandbank. What should we start with? Yo, come on in. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> What's up, guys? We're here in the Maldes, and I think we don't even really need to do a room tour, right? Like, just looking at that is good enough. >> Yeah. But I think people want the room tour. >> We got to give the people what they want, right? >> Yeah. Let's do it. The Maldives is the closest thing that I've ever seen to pure paradise. And that's why I keep coming here almost every year. A lot of people always go, "Oh, bro, why don't you go somewhere else and try to switch it up?" But for me, this place already brings me so much joy and fulfillment, and I'm very loyal to the things in my life that bring me that fulfillment. So, I don't really need to switch it up. I'm already fortunate enough to be able to come here as much as I do, and I will just keep coming here for the rest of my life. So, right now, we are on a private island. On this island, the only thing that exists here is this hotel. So there's no 7-Eleven, McDonald's, Starbucks, only the cafes and restaurants and things that belongs to this hotel. This is by far my favorite place in the world for just like pure relaxation and vacation. You cannot beat a place like the Maldives. If you want to just go somewhere, tan, swim, relax, this is it. This is where you come. So, this is a two-bedroom overwater villa facing the sunset side. It's actually the biggest overwater villa that exists on the property. I always stay in this exact room. It's my favorite because you get so much natural light during the day if we're fortunate enough for it to not rain. And something that I always have to comprehend when we're standing here is that right now we're literally in the middle of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ocean. Like, we are standing on the ocean. And it's always like crazy thinking about that. Like I always pull open the map and look at that. Crazy. Every night I have the most wild dreams and I don't know why. It only ever happens when I'm in the Maldives and it only happens when I'm on these overwater villas. Everyone that's been on this trip has been saying it. I don't know what it is. Yeah. Something to do with ocean energy. I really don't know. Please, somebody if you know, comment below. Master bedroom. It's where all the magic happens. And by magic, I mean scrolling Tik Tok endlessly all day, every day. That's definitely a joke. Nice, beautiful bedroom. And my favorite part of this day is waking up every day, opening the curtains, opening this door, and jumping straight into the ocean. That's what you pay all this money for. This is what you come to the Maldives to experience. It is having that access, being able to jump into the middle of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Indian Ocean. Insane. I travel everywhere with my own pillow. Got a really high quality pillow from this brand in France. And then I have this like silk pillowcase. It's very, very soft. I don't like very strong pillows. cuz I don't like firm pillows. Because I travel so much, I don't like constantly switching between the hotel's pillows. So, I always come locked and loaded with my own pillow. And also, something else I always come with is my own Apple TV. So, I bring my own Apple TV everywhere. Whenever I get to a new city or hotel, I ask them to set it up to the TV because every night I like to fall asleep watching something like on Netflix or some movie or show or something. That's just been my routine since I was little and I want to have my own content and so the Apple TV is an absolute essential for me. Got the bathtub here, but don't really use that on this trip because we've got nature's bathtub right there. Master bathroom. Got a shower here. And then if you if you want to be outside, you also have a shower here. So you can shower with that view. That's nuts. Second bedroom. We got two beds here. In case you bring in some friends with you, you have some options here. Hopefully, they're the female kind. And what a sick view. It's insane. We got the bar for the people that drink. All your alcohols here. You got a cocktail recipe book. And then you've got all the things that you need to make a cocktail. Fresh lemon and a chopping board. I haven't seen that in a room so far. So, if you're drinking, you don't need to go to the bar. You just stay in your room. Chocolate bars. I'm sure you've already gone through all the ones in your room, right? >> Yeah, they're finished. They're >> already finished. Wow. Insane. >> All right. And the best for last. This terrace. This is my favorite place to sit. Some nights I'll sit here till 4:00 5:00 a.m. with a journal looking at the water. It's crazy, man. I promise you, if you ever come to the Maldes, you will not be disappointed. Before you go, I want to talk to you. thinking about the time we shared and how I wasn't there. It hurt me. people overwork me >> elements and >> all right so unexpectedly we're here in the Maldes it always tends to happen to me I I plan to go somewhere on a relaxing vacation you remember last time when I decided to go to the south of France and I was going to go there to lock in and focus and all that stuff >> yeah I remember that >> what happened the market crashed and here we've been in a crazy bull market with very very few red days. As soon as we arrived, I was like, you know what? I'm not going to check the stock market. I'm not going to look at anything. Everything was going okay. And then Trump tweeted, there's a lot of uncertainty based on what Trump said. Trump has basically put out a tweet kind of rattling things up with China. And you know, there seemed to be a lot of progress with what was happening in China. You saw what was happening with the Tik Tok deal. It looks like we were getting closer to the finish line. And now it seems like things weren't as far as ahead as we thought they were, which kind of sucks. You know, I'm ready for all of this to be over. I think everybody is as well. And I've shown you many green days. On Twitter, I actually have shown many red days. So, I want everybody to know I'm very transparent in showing the ups and the downs. But in the YouTube videos, you know, I'm showing you mainly the green days because most of the days that the cameraman is with me have been pretty good. And we've been in what I'd like to call the biggest bull market in history. An average day for me is three million, two million, sometimes $4 million, either up or down. But it has been a lot more green the last few months because we are in the biggest bull market in history. That means that every single week my portfolios and my overall net worth has continued reaching all-time highs. A crazy milestone for me because every single week my wealth keeps growing. Now all my portfolios currently are down around $5 million. Now again that doesn't make me too concerned. It was $6.5 million before we started filming. There have been very few red days for me. My portfolio is structured in a way where I've been doing very well. Can you imagine what Warren Buffett sees on a daily basis? What his portfolio goes up and down on a daily basis? So, my down $5 million day is absolute peanuts. >> I'm flying out. I'll be calling you. We ain't got no time to waste. Good morning. How'd you sleep? >> Pretty good. >> Slept well after that stock market crash. When I was last talking to you, it was like, what was I down? >> I think it was 5 mil. >> Yeah, it was about $5 million that I was down. The stock market then ended up closing and Trump made an announcement which was him threatening tariffs November 1st that if he doesn't get what he wants, there will be a 100% tariff increase for China. Once he said that, market was closed. market got very very spooked and my portfolios at the peak of it were down in total for the day around $11 million US. I was actually in bed looking at it and I took a screenshot and I posted it to Instagram. That is what it was when I took it. Trump ended up doing some questions in the Oval Office and the reporter asked him, "Do you still plan to meet Xi Jinping this week?" which he said in his tweet that he wasn't going to meet him and he said, "Look, I'm going to be there. I'm not sure whether I'll meet him. Let's see what happens." And that little bit of hope rallied the market up slightly. So I was down $11 million across all my portfolios and then my day ended down $7.44 million US across all portfolios. Though I was down 11 million. But yeah, it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy. Like every time I go on vacation, I go with one intention to try and disconnect. I literally posted a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Instagram story saying I'm turning my phone off for the week and then this all happens. So now at least the market's closed this weekend, but we've got this shitty weather, raining, storming. They said they haven't seen this sort of weather in the last 2 months. Of course, we got stock market crash and shitty weather just as we get here. Let's see if it turns around. Stock market crash. Weather's cooked. What else can we do here? >> Go to the spa, enjoy a massage in this beautiful cozy weather. What else you can do? >> You know, I actually wanted to come to the Maldives the last few months, but I specifically avoided the last few months cuz I knew it was a wet season. Now, I thought it's the dry season, so we came here to really, you know, try and get the the best bang for our buck. But turns out we just got cooked in the end. Maybe we need to extend. >> No, you have to say you're going to cancel, then it will stop. >> Jesus. Julia, welcome back. How are you today? >> Good. How are you? >> I'm good. Just make yourself comfortable and I'll be back shortly. >> It's raining so I prepared the warm ginger tea for you with honey. Just enjoy. >> Are you from Bali? >> I'm from Bali. Yes. >> I can see from your name. >> Are you Many Balines on the island? >> Uh yes. Bal Indonesian mostly like from Japa as well. >> Yeah, you're right. Awesome. Makasi are >> tama please enjoy. >> So I believe you already uh done in the treatment room already. >> And after that you can put on the rope. We do have two sizes of the rope. You can choose which one is comfortable for you. >> All right bro. Enjoy massage. >> See you. >> How was it? It >> was amazing. So relaxed now. I'm ready to lose some more money in the stock market this week. >> Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> It's all right. >> Almost went overboard there. >> Sorry. Thank you. >> All right, so it's Monday morning and there's been a little bit of progress over the weekend. Trump deescalated some things and said that, you know, he maybe overreacted. I don't like to act on things too quickly. I want to always wait and see and like have that sort of final confirmation. And right now things are still not done. China deal is not done. Until that is done and things have actually been finalized, I personally don't really care too much to buy the dip if that makes sense because I'm already so exposed to the markets. you know, I already have a very strong portfolio and so I don't have any FOMO if the market dips and then recovers. Like, I'm already in the market. So, that's what I personally prefer to do with a portfolio size of mine. It's too much money at stake and I don't want to make preemptive decisions or do any irrational trading until I have full confirmation. So, since Friday's draw down, now the portfolios are currently in the 24-hour market up about 1.6 million. So, I guess we will see later today when the market opens what happens and whether this will be a temporary relief rally, whether this will be a long-lasting relief rally or whether things are going to fizzle out. A lot of people always say, why are you doing this? Like, why are you still going when you've already made your money? If I was you, man, I would have already quit. I wouldn't be doing social media. I'd be gone. I'd be retired. I'd be living on the beach down there in the Maldives. and you wouldn't hear from me again. But that's not the way that I look at things. Like, why is Cristiano Ronaldo still playing? Why is Messi still playing? Why does Messi want to go for another World Cup? It's less about the money and more about utilizing their god-given talents. Right now, I'm not saying that I'm the best or that I'm the greatest or even comparing myself to those people. I do believe that I'm in my peak and I don't know how long my peak will last for. And so, I want to fully utilize these days, months, and years of my life where I am currently in my greatest form. You'll notice as well when you get into your 30s and you've been doing something and perfecting something all through your 20s, when you hit your 30s, something else clicks. Not only do you have those skills that you've been developing for years, but you now have the wisdom and you've also been able to get your emotions in check. This has been one of the biggest things for me which happened only after 30s, which is letting go of emotions. And so that's why right now I feel like I am in my peak. Why would you want to retire in your peak years? It doesn't make any sense. This applies to everybody. Don't just think that you're going to have a goal, you're going to reach it, and then all of a sudden you're going to be like, "Oh, I'm done now." That will never happen. Unless you hit the lottery and you have zero talent, zero skill, and it was all luck, then by all means, please go ahead, come here in the Maldes and disappear. But for anybody that loves what they do, can't retire. To retire is to expire. Where our world falls to pieces and the moonlight starts to hide in a million little spin in the corner of our mind. >> We should not try to cross the the wave breaker. >> Really? Why? We won't. No, no, don't cross. It's a it's um it's a reef there. So the waves going to hit you onto the reefs. And now it's very low tide. So when it's very close to the reef, if you try to swim too much, you're going to hit the rocks. >> This is swollen from the bumps. >> So it's okay. >> I think maybe it's better not to close it with this one because otherwise it's going to get uh >> soaked a little bit. Leave it open because recently I also went and I got all over. Yeah. >> Yeah. I just leave it open. If you want to see the doctor, I can take you. Uh I think it's >> all right. So, the stock market has just opened and portfolios are currently up. We do have a bit of a relief rally. It is about $3.5 million today. Now, things have recovered quite a lot. So, I don't know exactly cuz I haven't checked, but I'm probably only down about $1 to2 million since last Friday's crash. Most of the money that was lost last Friday has now recovered because it was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] insane at one point seeing $12 million down in a day and seeing all the news over the weekend like how it really affected some people's lives. I'm sure you guys would have seen a lot of really crazy things and people doing a lot of crazy things because so many people were leveraged and a lot of people trade crypto and they've got crazy 20, 30, 50x longs and shorts. All it just takes is one of those days. And you know, it kind of like makes me a little bit emotional seeing people that lose everything based on something that is so temporary. Right now, we could easily go into a ban market and things, you know, will slowly keep going down each day. But those sorts of moments like these flash crashes are very normal and they happen multiple times per year, every single year, and they will continue to happen for the rest of our lives as long as the stock market exists. You need to be very carefully structured for when these things happen and occur that you're protected. And that's why I do not like leverage. All the biggest hedge fund managers in the world, all the people managing billions of dollars, they do not touch leverage. Friday should be an example and a warning to anybody that uses leverage to not do it anymore. I can understand that some people use leverage as a way to get ahead quicker, but in my opinion, you have something that happens like that and everything you work for is gone the blink of an eye. I don't usually do this. I don't usually show the dayto-day of what's going on with my portfolios. I just think it was very funny that we came on vacation to completely disconnect, for me to not look at the stock market, for me to be outside getting sun and then we had that crash and then I wasn't able to do so. >> I think that the market can continue to work because we've got earnings growth. >> What she just said is something that I always tell people. Everybody always says that we are in a bubble and whether that may or may not be true, I just cannot agree with it because companies continue to grow. They continue to make more money. They continue to beat every quarter and they continue to raise expectations of how much they're going to make the next quarter. So, how can you be in a bubble when every company continues to grow and keep making more money and keep making more profit? Until that slows down, I just don't think that we could be in a bubble and we're now heading into earning season. And that means that over the next few weeks, all companies across the stock market are going to be reporting their earnings. And that's where we're going to see whether the companies are still growing and they're still making money. And if they're not and they slow down, that's when you can start to say those things. And that's when you can start to think, are things slowing down? And are we in a bubble? But until that happens, we cannot really think about that. And we cannot think that way because everything keeps growing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NOURRANA-n2f [1 likes]: A QUESTION WHAT S THE JOB OF THOSE GRILS WHY THEY ARE ALWAYS WITH YOU
  2. @nyutusachs-z2o [1 likes]: julian drop another video or i swear im gonna come for you!!!!
  3. @sincitycapital [1 likes]: I wonder how much those girls cost
  4. @BentTrades: The music choices are fire
  5. @AdminNafa: I JUST LOVE AND RESPECT THIS MAN
  6. @airvibezwithr1114: He reminds me of king Julian 😂🎉
  7. @knowledge-y7n: wow
  8. @xlan-s5c: 作为一个中国人，马尔代夫和塞舌尔是我最喜欢的海岛度假。我去过几次，但是对于我的中国胃来说，哪里的食品简直是灾难，真的让我的度假感受除了美食其他都是那么完美。这是一个传统中国人出国旅行的硬伤，唯一能让我好受点的是我在中国2美元都不愿意消费的铁板烧，但是每次这些食物都需要200美元，饮食确实让我的国外旅行每次都不能太久。希望我能个克服这个问题。
  9. @lifeinsights_1: 2:28 You should give  us the flight vlog next time
  10. @lifeinsights_1: smoooth. love it
  11. @PBG-777: Where are new videos???
  12. @amadichukwuebuka1114: First of all asked his driver if he needed anything❤, second the worker said we don't allow that here , you know you running your company well when the customer service says that, and lastly, I always keep getting that but I keep trying anyways, it shows the city is blessed with hardworking contented people, and of course bro always does he's best to give tips❤
  13. @MrSmileurena: Broo the cameraman/editor 😳😳😳😳😳 🫡🫡🫡💫💫 started following cause your wisdom and your editor
  14. @Giovanni.Ruggiero: I work in a big hedge fund, we trade with very high leverage. The difference from retails is how we manage risk
  15. @shrinivasadsule9640: JP loves Russians 😅
  16. @pullup7578: Who are these two girls?
  17. @mckenziekcq: Could u give a tour of your room sometimes
  18. @TheEmperor2052: Money and women. What more do you want from life?
  19. @momntly: u r awesome bro
  20. @ZyvroAi: Why does he need two

- The Psychology Behind Luxury Real Estate Sales & Purchases: Kind: captions Language: en If you think luxury homes are sold the same way as regular houses but with nicer photos and bigger price tags, you're completely wrong. A $500,000 home is marketed. A $20 million home is positioned. Luxury real estate is not about square footage. It's about identity, access, and storytelling. In this episode, I'm breaking down how luxury residences are actually sold, the psychology behind high net worth buyers, and real examples along with the key takeaway if you sell anything high ticket. So, let's get into it. >> [music] [music] >> Welcome back to Savvireneurship, where I break down business insights from the world's most powerful brands. If you're new here, consider subscribing for weekly videos on business strategy, branding, the total customer experience, and occasionally about the luxury lifestyle. In traditional real estate, the listing focuses on bedrooms, bathrooms, renovations, and school districts. In luxury, those are assumed. Instead, agents are selling legacy, privacy, lifestyle, exclusivity, and status. For example, a penthouse overlooking Central Park isn't marketed as three bedrooms and three and a half baths. It's marketed as an opportunity to own one of Manhattan's most discreet skyline residences. The language shifts from transactional to aspirational. Luxury bars aren't asking what does it have. They're asking what does this say about me? Luxury buyers are time poor, highly informed, often represented by adviserss and emotionally reserved but status aare. They don't want to be quote unquote sold. They want access, efficiency, and confidentiality. In many cases, luxury properties are sold offmarket through private networks and via direct relationships. This is where elite brokerages shine. Think firms like Sau International, the agency, or Douglas Element in the US. Their brand signals credibility before the showing even happens. Luxury properties aren't just listed, they're launched. That means cinematic video tours, drone footage, architectural storytelling, custom property websites, and private imitation only showings. Sometimes there are even champagne receptions, catered sunset events and art installations staged inside the home. The goal is to create emotional immersion. Because when you're selling a $50 million estate, you're not selling walls. You're selling a life. Luxury real estate is global. A buyer in Dubai may purchase in Miami. A tech founder in California may buy in Tuscanyany. That's why luxury listings are syndicated internationally, marketed in multiple languages, and promoted through private wealth networks. For example, ultra luxury properties in Miami are often marketed to Latin American investors before they even hit public platforms. High-end real estate lives in wealth circles, investment groups, and international property showcases. It's less Zillow and more invitationon access. Luxury pricing is not always about comps. It's about positioning. Sometimes a property is intentionally priced through slightly above market to signal prestige and strategically below to spark competitive energy. In ultra luxury markets, scarcity drives urgency. A waterfront estate in Palm Beach isn't just rare, it's finite. A buyer isn't asking, "Is this overpriced?" They're asking, "Will I regret not owning this?" Negotiations at this level are quiet, calculated, and strategic. It's rarely dramatic. It often includes furniture packages, art inclusions, flexible closing terms, tax considerations, and trust structures. Sometimes buyers don't negotiate price, they negotiate terms. Because at high net worth levels, control matters more than discounts. When a luxury estate in Beverly Hills sells for more than $40 million, it's rarely because of an online multiple listing service traffic. It's because the agent had the right relationship. The buyer trusted the source and the property matched the buyer's identity. Luxury sales are relationshipdriven ecosystems. Here's the real lesson. Luxury residences are sold through positioning, network, experience, and emotional alignment, not features. And this applies beyond real estate. Think about what you're selling. Perhaps high ticket coaching, premium services, or exclusive products. You're not selling utility. You're selling transformation and identity. The higher the price point, the more sophisticated the narrative must be. Luxury doesn't convince, luxury attracts. Thanks for watching. If you found this breakdown helpful, give it a like, subscribe, and share it with a fellow entrepreneur. That's how you can help me grow my channel. I don't use payw walls. I don't do sponsorships, and I most certainly don't ask to contribute to any payment site. As a seasoned entrepreneur and educator, I simply enjoy sharing my experiences and giving back to the community. Consider my value added, self-paced, comprehensive online starting a business course at business-wisdom-academy.com. Until the next episode, be curious, keep learning, and stay savvy.

- Inside the Oceanfront Glass Villa of a Billionaire Investor: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine waking up every morning to the sound of waves crashing outside a fully glass mansion overlooking the ocean. No traffic, no noise, no crowded city, just silence, privacy, and complete freedom. But this villa is not just expensive. It reveals how billionaires think differently about luxury, success, and lifestyle. And the psychology behind this place is more powerful than most people realize. This oceanfront glass villa belongs to a billionaire investor known for living a quiet but extremely luxurious lifestyle. From the outside, the house looks almost unreal. Massive floor to ceiling glass walls, minimalist architecture, private infinity pool, direct ocean views from almost every room. But unlike flashy celebrity mansions designed to attract attention, this villa was designed for control, peace, and privacy. One thing wealthy investors value more than almost anything else is mental clarity. That's why many billionaires pref prefer open spaces, natural light, silence, and environments that reduce stress. This villa was built around that exact idea. The glass walls allow sunlight to enter every part of the home. The ocean creates a calming atmosphere. The minimalist design removes unnecessary distractions. Everything feels intentional. Because for wealthy people, luxury is not only about showing wealth. It's about protecting peace. The location of the villa also says a lot about billionaire psychology. Most people want to live close to crowds, entertainment, and busy city life. But many wealthy investors move toward privacy, private beaches, gated properties, remote luxury locations, not because they hate people, but because privacy becomes more valuable when your life becomes more public. To billionaires, silence itself becomes a luxury. And this villa reflects that mindset perfectly. Inside the villa, everything is designed to feel calm and effortless. Neutral colors, natural materials, soft lighting, clean, modern furniture. Nothing feels loud or chaotic. Interestingly, many ultra wealthy people prefer this quiet luxury style instead of overly flashy interiors. Because real wealth often becomes more subtle over time, the goal is no longer to impress strangers. The goal is comfort, freedom, and emotional peace. And of course, this villa is also an investment. Luxury oceanfront properties owned by wealthy investors often increase massively in value over time because of location, exclusivity, and limited availability. For billionaires, luxury and van and investment are often connected. A home is not always just a place to live. Sometimes it's a status symbol, a private escape, and a long-term asset all at the same time. At the end of the day, this oceanfront glass villa is more than just a beautiful house. It represents a completely different way of thinking about success. Less noise, less chaos, more control, more freedom. Because for many billionaires, the ultimate luxury is not attention. It's peace.

- The Psychology Behind Penthouse Buyers | Why Luxury Living Is More Than ROI: Kind: captions Language: en Last week we took one of our crazy luxury penthouses. After filming that episode, I found myself thinking less about the apartment itself and more about the people who intentionally choose this type of lifestyle. Because when most people think of wealth, they imagine more land, more space, larger homes, and bigger compounds. And yet, [music] across the world, there are people who deliberately choose penthouse living instead. >> [music] >> And let's be honest for a second, part of the appeal is absolutely that wow factor, the views, the height, the exclusivity, walking into a space that instantly feels elevated from everyday life. There's an emotional reaction to it, and luxury [music] properties at this level is often emotional before it's logical. >> I think penthouses are in an interesting psychological position. Practically enough to justify and emotional enough [music] to desire, and that's a powerful combination. A penthouse gives you something a standard apartment usually doesn't. That's presence. The feeling of being above the city, the feeling [music] of arriving, the feeling that your environment reflects a certain stage of your life. [music] Interestingly, these people are not always looking to maximize on size. For some, a huge building in the center of town isn't what they're looking for. But a luxury apartment at the top of the building with a view over the city is exactly what represents their current [music] stage of life. One thing I've realized over time is that luxury evolves. [music] In the beginning, people often want more visibility, more scale, more space, more [music] proof of success. But over time, for some people, luxury becomes more refined. Luxury becomes peace, time, privacy, convenience, and luxury environments that feel safe [music] and good to live in. And that doesn't mean the wow factor has to disappear. In fact, it's the opposite. A good penthouse is filled with light, makes you feel special just being in the space, and [music] these things are very intentional. Cuz it's a penthouse, right? The space, the light, the emotion, that's what you're buying into. That's what you're buying in. A place where you can entertain while having the convenience of being right around the corner from the airport, from the best hotels, and restaurants in town. [music] And globally, penthouses have always carried a certain symbolism. Not necessarily because they're the biggest properties, but because they're usually the rarest. There may be hundreds of units in a development, but only one or two penthouses. [music] And for some buyers, that exclusivity is exactly what matters. I think this is particularly relevant in a city like Accra, because Accra is [music] changing. You now have internationally mobile buyers, the diaspora professionals, business owners operating across multiple countries, >> people splitting time between Ghana, London, Dubai, the US. And naturally, that changes the definition of luxury. For some people, [music] maintaining a massive property is no longer what feels right for them. It doesn't feel like freedom. Sometimes, freedom looks more like security, convenience, lock up and leave living, premium locations, and lifestyle with less friction. And for many buyers, especially from the diaspora, properties like this become more than real estate. They become emotional landmarks, a statement, an achievement, a recognition of a lifestyle vision. So, provisionally, the question isn't why buy a mansion over a penthouse. Maybe it's more about what type of lifestyle do you want to project at this stage in your [music] life. Luxury is luxury, but it's different to different people. And penthouse living is really about how a place makes [music] you feel the moment you walk through the door, and less about ROIs. If you'd like more insight into Accra's luxury market, investment opportunities, or [music] premium developments, feel free to connect with us through www.ghanabound.com. You can get all the details [music] in the box below the video, and we'll see you in the next one. Bye. Putting in an offer on this fabulous penthouse apartment, you can contact us. Details [music] in the box below. See you in the next one. Take care, guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ARC-k2r [3 likes]: A penthouse is universally associated with “top tier.” Being at the highest point in a building subconsciously communicates achievement, exclusivity and power. It’s the real estate equivalent of first class.
  2. @niiamu3300 [1 likes]: Beautiful!
  3. @KariPalmer-n5i [1 likes]: I could not of said it any better  have a great day rgds Karl 😊

- Unlocking the Power of Design Psychology!: Kind: captions Language: en design psychology is like the secret sauce of apartment Interiors it's all about creating spaces that make you feel calm energized or inspired from colors to furniture placement every detail influences your mood and behavior so next time you walk into a well-designed apartment pay attention to how it makes you feel it's not just about looks it's about how it makes you experience the space

- The (ancient) History of Modern Fashion Trends: Kind: captions Language: en-US It feels like we're constantly hearing about fashion trends that are callbacks to the 80s, 90s, Y2K fashion, the early 2010s is supposedly coming in next, and it feels like we're in this constantly speeding up trend cycle. We spent 10 years in the 80s before, now it's only two years. The reality is that the trend cycle doesn't work quite like that. There definitely is a trend cycle, and we can see things repeating over and over and over again, but it's not due to fast fashion. It's not speeding up because the production of our clothing is speeding up. There's a lot more to it than that, but it can get really complicated to talk about trend cycles in big broad strokes. It's a lot easier to look at a few examples that show us the types of trend cycles that we might commonly see, so I figured today we could take a look at some of the current trends to understand how they have recurred throughout history and what we can learn from their trend cycles. And in fact the trend cycle does go back really far. In my last video about thrift shops, I talked about how they gained popularity in the 1970s, in part due to the vintage trends for the 1920s and 30s, and this continues throughout the decades and we can actually track it pretty far back. There's a lot of influence from previous fashion on every modern era. However, it shows up in different ways at different times depending on what we need. We don't take the entire decade, we don't even take an entire year of fashion and transpose it. We're picking and choosing the parts that we like, so when the 80s was trending a few years back, it was trending in terms of its color schemes and its patterns, but even then it wasn't from the entire 80s, it was from a very specific version of the 80s that we really liked. The aesthetics of was one specific style. Not everyone dressed that way, not everyone wore those colors and they weren't trending for the entirety of those 10 years. We picked out the parts that we liked and identified with and felt like we could incorporate into our current ideas and fashion, and that's what we have been consistently doing for centuries. So even if we can't predict what fashion will be in five years, ten years, we can help to understand why we like it right now. And again, the answer is not fast fashion. We aren't producing styles at a faster speed, we're just making clothing and replicating the styles that are coming in at a faster speed. The ability to send things via email, to have things rendered up on the computer, and to very quickly source materials and go into production means that stuff can get produced very quickly, but fast fashion is generally not creating the styles, it's just mimicking them. So the actual fashions are coming either from couture brands that are still making very slow quality items, theoretically, or it's bubbling up from the street style where people are wearing the things that they've previously purchased with new combinations or new ways of wearing it, new silhouettes, so it's not the speed at which clothing is produced that creates faster trend cycles. Faster trend cycles and lower quality don't actually go hand in hand. Speaking of quality, I want to take a moment to thank the sponsor for today's video, Birch. Thanks, Birch Living, for sponsoring today's video. They have extended their Labor Day sale, so click on the link in my description to check it out. A good night's sleep can make all the difference, and with everything that I do in a day, I can't just leave that to chance. That's why I'm so happy to introduce Birch. They make mattresses that are crafted with responsibly sourced materials, such as organic cotton, organic wool, and 100% natural latex. They're also free from polyurethane foams, which can cause harmful off-gassing, and are constructed without fiberglass, which can be judgmental to your health. Not to mention, just plain itchy. Unlike synthetic mattresses, the wool makes them hypoallergenic and mildew resistant, which I am constantly thankful with my long list of allergies. I have the Birch Luxe Natural Mattress, which is a premium upgrade to their original well-loved Birch Natural Mattress, and I've been sleeping on it for almost three years, and it has made such a difference. And I'm so excited that I've added one to my guest room, too. I can honestly say that with my Birch Mattress, I sleep through the night and wake up with out-sore muscles and joint pain. In fact, 79% of those who suffered from back pain with their old mattresses saw a reduction in pain with their Birch Mattress. And you don't have to worry about trying it out. With your Birch Mattress, you get a 100 night sleep trial plus a 25 year warranty. That means you get more than three months to make sure that you love it. The best part about all of this is that Birch delivers your mattress right to your door for free within the U.S. They also offer an in-home setup and removal to make your buying experience as convenient as possible. Each Birch Mattress comes with two of their Eco-Rust pillows made from recycled materials. They're breathable and better for the environment. I love my Birch Mattress, and I think you would, too. If you're looking for a new bed, check out Birch Living. They have extended their Labor Day sale, so it's the perfect time to upgrade your sleep with 25% off a Birch Mattress plus two free Eco-Rust pillows. Visit birchliving.com slash Nicole Rudolph to find out more about this limited time offer. Thanks again to Birch for sponsoring today's video. Now, when it comes to the bigger overarching ideas of Trend Cycle, basically it boils down to two major things. Our cultural ideas, what we identify with, what we're feeling right now, and that's where we look to the past and look for things that speak to us. That's a little bit more difficult, but we will get to that. First, I want to introduce you to the other one, though. Silhouette. This is incredibly important because it means that everything in our outfit has to work together. There are certain accessories and certain weights and certain shapes that just play well with each other. They balance well, and some that feel a little awkward. It's not to say that you can never put them together, but you really have to think about how they work. So we're going to see very similar silhouettes over and over and over again. A really easy example of this to see is in sleeves. There's actually only a few sleeves out there when you boil it down to the basics. That is an arm-shaped sleeve, whether it's completely straight or slightly angled, whether it's really fitted or a little bit loose, it's arm-shaped. Next, we have fullness up at the top of the arm, which can be a variety of different puffy sleeves or ruffled sleeves or shoulder pads. We can also have fullness at the elbow, which can be from a deflated puff sleeve that ends around that point, or from a longer flare sleeve, or even ruffles at the elbow. Then we have the fullness down at the wrist, which is where we get the long flares or the bell sleeves or the big oversized cuffs, that sort of thing. So the weight is going to go somewhere or not at all. That's really the only option. Our sleeves are going to inflate and deflate. So theoretically, if we boil it down to those basics, we should be able to create a visual forecast of how this repeats over and over and over again, because every few years we will transition from one style to another, and we have been consistently doing that for a very long time in history. The problem is, though, that it's not consistent about which direction each one of those goes. When one ends and another begins, it's not always in the same pattern. And this is in large part due to the fact that the sleeves are not leading the fashion and they aren't working independently of it. They are working in tandem with the rest of the silhouette. Those giant puffy sleeves from the late 1980s and early 1990s don't work on all silhouettes. They work better on very specific ones, whether it's a certain length of skirt or a certain shape of trousers or a fitted bodice versus an oversized one. There is going to be a way that it balances well. And so we're going to see that silhouette occur over and over as we head backwards to find more giant puffy sleeves. So the 1930s, similar silhouette to when it was popular in the 1980s. We're also going to see it in the 1890s, again, kind of a similar silhouette. And we can travel it even further back to the 1820s and 30s. See the same sort of skirt shape there, and the same sort of fitted bodice and a lot of similar necklines. We can even travel all the way back to the 1660s and see puffy sleeves there with a fitted bodice, a bit of a bell shape or trapeze shape to the skirt, and a little bit of a broad neckline over and over and over again. There is just a shape that it really flatters and balances well with. But this means that the sleeve silhouette is going to follow the rest of the silhouette. It's not leading the charge. So let's look to a different trend that might be a better example of something that would lead to the silhouette. And that is flares or bell bottoms. Actually, they have been known for much longer, but the flare shape, which is present not only in pants, but also does show up in skirts. I'm going to stick to just the pants for today, though. So this seems to be coming back. Not that it's really entirely gone, but in terms of what you can find when you go to the regular stores, flares haven't been really popular since around the Y2K point. Yes, there have been boot cuts around since, but that was really the last peak. We haven't hit another peak with flares yet, but it is kind of incoming because we had skinny legs for a while and we've had wide legs now for a little while. There's only so many variations we can come up with. We've even tried more puffy rounder pants. Not everyone likes those, and we've also had those for a few years. So what else are we going to do? And I'm definitely seeing more and more evidence of a big return for that. So we can go back to the late 1990s and see massive flares there. The rest of the silhouette, either very boxy or very fitted on top. Sometimes you will see flares in the sleeves or flares at the bottom of the tops, but you won't necessarily see the flares paired with those giant puffy sleeves. It would be possible, but would definitely require a careful touch. So the Y2K version of flared pants definitely came with a common top style. And if we travel back to where the inspiration for that round came from, we knew at that point that it was inspired by the 1970s. Or at least that was the version we were told we were doing. Reality is bell bottoms started up in the late 1950s. I found examples far back as 1957-58, and they start becoming pretty prevalent in the early 1960s. There's a lot of extreme examples. They take off in general fashion though, 1965 range, and they don't really entirely go out until later in the 1970s. They sort of change shapes, whether they're really fitted up top or a little bit more loose. So there's not just one style of bell bottom through that entire 15-20 year period. There are variations on it that feel a little bit different, but consistently throughout, the types of tops that you will see again are fitted. Boxy straight lines are with a little bit of flair. So silhouette is consistent with that. Now if we move backwards again, the time before that where flared styles were really trending was actually in the very early 1920s. This is a period for bell bottoms I think often gets forgotten. You might have noticed I mentioned earlier how the 70s had a 20s trend, and we're gonna keep seeing that. So in the early 1920s there was a very sudden trend for just a few years, much like the flappers for young men to be wearing extreme bell bottoms. And there are actually references to the fact that they would, yes, cut open the sides and put in gussets, colorful fabric there, so they weren't doing this subtly. There aren't a lot of pictorial examples just because cameras weren't as prevalent at that time. There are some satirical examples. When you look up flappers you can find them occasionally. Most of the references I found were in text talking about bell bottoms being worn by a specific type of fashionable young man called a cake eater. From what I can find this is in reference to the fact that they would frequent tea rooms in the afternoon. There are a lot of other names for fashionable young men during this time, including lounge lizards. But cake eaters were well known for having center parted slicked down hair and wearing bell bottoms. So I'm not gonna lie to you, when I had to keep researching the terms cake eater and bell bottom next to each other, I felt like I was doing something inappropriate. Words are weird. But this trend started at post-world war one didn't make it into mainstream fashion as much. There is some evidence in women's wear at this time as well when it comes to things like beach pajamas. So this is not completely isolated to just young men, but it definitely isn't as prevalent as it becomes in the 1960s and 70s. Traveling even further back than that, first time I actually really see flared trousers, is actually in the 1820s and 30s. Now it's not likely we're going to find much evidence of it before that just because trousers weren't the trending style until that point. Shorter breeches had been popular for a very, very long time. And the shape of those was a dramatically different situation. But the flared bell bottoms, as they were known at the time, do come in in the 1820s and 30s for a lot of men's fashion. It is very trendy, but it is much broader. So there's actually a lot more satirical prints of fashionable men in this flared style. Now a lot of times it's not quite as scooped out as we see in later decades. It's a little bit more rounded. It definitely plays up the shape of the calf a lot. And in some of the earlier references, they talk about it and show it being more a pinch at the knee of what would otherwise be a fairly straight leg. So it's less about getting really wide at the bottom and more about the curvy hourglass shape that it creates. This is also the time that the sailors start picking up this trend because sailors are known for actually being fairly fashionable when they aren't in their slops and workwear. They really like the bell bottoms, however, because they're able to be rolled up so that way they can keep them dry, which helps over something like a really tightly fitted trouser. And what ends up happening is this is when the Navy decides to create consistent uniforms. So this becomes codified as part of the sailors uniform, and that stays with them throughout the 20th century. There's actually a brief while in the 1970s in the US where they tried to get rid of bell bottoms for enlisted sailors, and there was a big deal over that. And they actually returned the style only a few years later because they are just functional. Now this is a silhouette that we will see repeated over and over through time. It definitely has a trend cycle. Now as to why this shape, this silhouette, comes back in over and over again is partly due to the fact that, again, there are only so many variations on this. But you might see an uneven spacing of it because we'll go through other styles and go back and forth a few times before we get back to flares. The flare shape, though, tends to be a little more showy. Even though the sailors have practicality to it for the vast majority of us, it's not the most practical. Even in the 1920s, apparently, they had the same problem that I know everyone in the 1990s had, which was the fact that you don't want to make these too short, but if they're just a little bit too long, they drag on the ground, they get eaten up in back, and they get wet really easily. So they are not always the most practical shape, but they're fun, they're showy, they feel youthful. And when we think of eras like the 1920s, the 1970s, the Y2K era, it's a very youthful fashion style. So that gives us some evidence that maybe silhouette can be tied a bit to our cultural ideas as well. Another example of how that works comes in the format of Mary Jane's shoes. So Mary Jane's definitely trending right now. They are defined by the strap that goes across the top of the foot that either buckles or buttons. Usually, however, there's more to the shoe than that. They are most often found in round or square toes, lower or at least chunkier heels. You aren't really going to look at a pointed toe, high heel stiletto with a strap and think Mary Jane, it's not just the strap. So where does this come from? And why does it always tend to work together? Well, we're also going to find that it tends to pair up with that more youthful style. So we can head back to a little bit earlier in the 1990s before Y2K fashion, Mary Jane heels were really in along with things like miniskirts and shift dresses, that sort of shorter A-line style. We can travel even further back and see it again in the 1960s with very much the same fashions, the same silhouette, a lot of the same feel to it. And we can travel even further back again and go to that mid 1920s point where you will again see short hems, very shapeless A-line fits to everything, very almost childish, rather than say the teenage usefulness that we might associate with the 1970s. Almost has a school uniform feel to it. And there is a reason for that. Mary Janes are actually specifically named after a character from a comic in the early 1900s. And that is the Buster Brown comics. So you can see the character of Mary Jane wearing what we now call Mary Janes. They were just children's shoes at the time. It was a really practical shape and style for children's shoes, easy to wear, the strap goes across the foot to help hold them on, put it with a little pair of socks, and they have a very functional but very fashionable style for children. And Mary Janes don't stop being children's shoes throughout the 20th century. You can still find them a little bit today, but there's so many other options. And so it's going to be really hard to completely divorce the concept of Mary Janes, and a very almost childish trending youthfulness. Not to say that it's inappropriate for adults to wear by any means, they're incredibly functional, but the style of them fits best with things that also carry that essence to them. They are not adult sexy, aggressive styles, and pairing it with that sort of clothing can sometimes feel a little unbalanced. Instead, we're seeing them again, trending with that younger style, that 1960s twiggy look, that 1920s boyish style. That is what we see repeating over and over again. And if anything, the fact that we've got flares coming back in and Mary Janes and other styles that are associated with more youthful time periods might be evidence that we're looking for fun in our fashion. So going further down this path in the concepts of our cultural mindset affecting what exact years and styles we're picking out in order to reproduce in our own versions, we're going to look at suede. It is definitely absolutely everywhere right now. But it is a little bit different than our previous options because it is not a shape. It is a textile, technically a leather, more specifically, it is a leather that has had the outer skin removed. So it's just the flesh portion. And this creates a very soft and supple leather, which today has a reputation of being very difficult to care for. It's expensive, it's not necessarily fragile, so much as just not able to deal with the weather, you have to put a lot of effort into it, a lot of care into it. So why is it that suede still has a reputation of being rustic, of being very earthy, of being very rugged and durable, but yet we can't take it out in the rain. That's where we have to start looking at the history of suede. Now traveling back again, not shockingly to 90s, that's where we see a trend for western styles. We see a lot of suede being used, a lot of fringe on the suede. I haven't seen that yet, but you know it's still a young trend. And there's definitely a thematic feel to that western ruggedness. If we travel back further, we get to the 70s, where it is absolutely everywhere. It is very prevalent throughout the decade. That is probably in no small part due to the fact that ultra suede, a synthetic version of suede, was invented in 1970 and was much less expensive and was also washable. So you could have the suede styles without all of the price and the upkeep. It's actually a lot more expensive today because the manufacturing process is very difficult to actually do it in a safe and healthy way. So not a lot of it's being produced anymore. And the version that suede was being used for in that era, there's a little bit of some western trends there, but a lot of it's just that very earthy soft feel. So it's not just thought of as durable wild west as much as it is very natural. Though we have to skip back a little bit further to see the next time that suede was popular in regular fashion, it doesn't go away between the two. The whole way through the decades before the 70s, suede is very common as a sturdy durable sportswear fabric. It's used, yes, by people who are horse riding, by ranchers, by cowboys, by people who need a textile that's going to hold up to a lot of wear and tear and not show that in a negative way. So it's very durable, it's very strong, they don't seem to have the same concerns over staining that we do today. Now, as I mentioned, we have to go back a little bit further to get to that last time where it's trending, which a shock 1920s. In fact, it starts up in the 19 teens this time. And we start to see it being suggested for motoring jackets for sportswear first. But then it quickly moves into high fashion, they start producing it lots of fun colors with prints and designs on them. It's absolutely everywhere and it is advertised as a more durable velvet alternative. It has the softness and the fuzziness of velvet, but it can go through a lot more because velvet can't really be rained on, velvet isn't good with abrasion. But suede, suede can do both of those things at that time. So they saw it as a more durable alternative and that's part of the reason why it ended up in sportswear and workwear and western wear. All of those things before it got picked back up as fashion again. Now prior to that 19 teens 20s point, suede tends to be in places like gloves and purses and shoes. Again, places that need things to be a little bit on the durable side but also soft. Essentially it's presented to something in between velvet and leather. The actual term suede only really starts being applied in the late 19th century to this type of leather. Prior to that point didn't have a specific name, sometimes it was referred to as flesh out, rough out, but those are very often different in the fact that they're just the flesh side of the leather, not necessarily the whole thing's been trimmed to just that. In fact the term suede seems to come from gont de suede, so a style of glove that apparently came out of Sweden in popularity, made its way to France, and suede is suede in French. So that's how we ended up with that term, kind of accidentally, which also makes it really difficult to research much further back because it just turns into a whole bunch of references to Sweden. But you're going to see examples of suede, you're going to see it however with very durable things. Doublets for fencing and hunting and fighting. You're going to see it used with the rough side out rather than the grain side out on a lot of durable 18th century shoes for example, because they'll go in and they'll actually put different things like wax tar polish and all sorts of things onto the outside of these shoes to keep them relatively waterproof but very easily repaired. So unlike the grain side of leather, which can easily be scratched and is therefore difficult to repair, the rough side of leather is not. You can just use the black ball, go back right over it, and it disappears. So it was throughout the majority of history considered the more durable but more rustic option. And so it really hasn't lost that reputation even though we've somehow garnered the reputation that it's impossible to care for. Just either get a spray that helps with waterproofing or get a suede brush, you'll be okay, I promise. But it does still affect the silhouette. I know, sounds kind of crazy, but it's mostly because suede is still a little bit stiff. We can't do lots of gatherey puffy styles with this. We can't drape it and have something loose and flowing. Suede has structure to it. And so it's going to work with boxier styles. So we have to wait to do suede for our silhouette to accept that. But lest you think that's always the way it works, our last example is animal prints or really leopard print because that's what's everywhere right now. Usually it comes in tandem with a few other things like zebra print or even cow print or dalmatian print. I've seen a small variety of options throughout the decades. Interestingly though leopard print is a very odd example in the fact that it never really totally goes out of style. Leopard print is everywhere this year, but it was pretty prevalent only three or four years ago. It wasn't quite as popular, but it was definitely around. And honestly at any given time throughout my life, I know I've been able to find something in leopard print. And as I look through history, it's the same thing. Throughout the 20th century, leopard print is always available every single year. Now there are times where it does peak. So there is definitely a peak with that 1990s, very aggressive, sexy style that they put leopard print into. There's also a peak in say the 1960s with a fun playful version of it. There's another peak again in the 1920s. Shocking. If it's starting to feel like modern fashion always finds its way back to the early 1920s, I've yet to find very many examples that don't. But we're definitely in a trend cycle where we're seeing a repeated style here. And they used it in lots of velvet, lots of trimming. It sort of helped elevate square basic shapes that they were doing by including a fun pattern to it, as well as a nice texture and sort of a feeling of warmth and fur without actually having to spend money on real fur, especially since fake fur wasn't really an option until the 1970s. But for them, it evoked ideas of hunting, of wild game, and expensive luxury, more so than of the super feminine sexy version that we get to by the 90s. Turns out that leopard print gradually becomes a feminine thing in the 20th century. It wasn't previous to that. In fact, the 19th century doesn't have a ton of examples of leopard print until we get back to the very beginning of it. But the 18th century and the very beginning of the 19th century loved it. They put it everywhere that they could. And it didn't matter if it was men or women. It was prevalent in fashion in so many ways. You can see it woven into fancy silk brocades. You can see it printed on cottons or woven into velvets, entire suits made out of it. Leopard print was really popular for a very long period of time. And their influence for this, which shows us just how far back the trend cycle can go, because their inspiration for this comes from the classical era. They really love to hearken back to the Greeks and the Romans. And so looking at these figures like Hercules, who were draped in lion skins, leopard skins, that sort of thing, they thought of this as a very heroic look, not only evoking the idea of a hunter and the masculinity and the aggressiveness of that, but also evoking the worldliness, the culture, the education that would come with knowing the classics, and knowing those stories and those images. So this was sort of a dichotomy of leopard print in that era, where it was something that really queued up as very wealthy, was something that was worn very often by the rich. You don't see it trickle down as much as some of the other prints like florals or things like that do. It seems to really show up in a lot of portraiture and in a lot of satirical prints of overly fashionable people trying to appear very wealthy, but sometimes stumbling while doing so. So it is definitely a look at me type of print. It is very flashy, it is very showy, it makes you think of something very expensive. And this is what transitions well into the 20th century, but won't transition well to men, because men in the 20th century don't generally have the look at me attitude that they did in the 18th century. They don't want to show off in quite as flashy and showy up away with their clothing. However, women tend to. That becomes the era where we have really established the concept of fashion is feminine, fashion is for women, even though fashion is for absolutely everybody and we all wear clothing. But leopard print coming back in that time period is just not going to work for men in the same way. They don't want that same flash and pizzazz and showy look to it. So women pick it up and it becomes a very feminine concept. This becomes a great example of how it's not actually influencing the silhouette because we can fill leopard print in on anything and we do hence why it is consistent throughout the 20th and into the 21st century. Leopard print doesn't go away, but the silhouette that it is on makes a really big difference in how we view it. Whether it is playful and fun or luxurious or very sexy and aggressive, it's going to change depending on the silhouette and the rest of the clothing. So leopard print is very malleable, no different than floral or any colors that we choose. This can be adjusted by the silhouette and by the other aspects that it's around. So leopard print doesn't really exist on the same trend cycle because it takes on whatever cultural aspects it's bound by. So what the silhouette is, what the other textures are, are going to affect the way that we see it. So overall when it comes to trend cycles, the best thing we could possibly track to see the future would be the silhouette. We can fill it with whatever we want. We can put a lot of embellishment or make it very plain. We can make it in different textures and prints. We can layer it up in different ways, but the silhouette tells us a lot about what we are hearkening back to in order to balance the details that we like that give us the feel that we're looking for. The thing is though, we can only predict so well where our culture is headed because things like COVID happen and where we were headed fashion-wise in 2019 completely derailed. And in 2020 everyone started trying to forecast where are we going to head with this? Everyone's been locked up in their house for a while wearing comfortable clothing, wearing pajamas to work in a sense. Are people going to refuse to go back to regular fashion? Is this the death of fashion? Or are people going to rebound the entirely opposite way and we're going to see extreme high stiletto heels and really tight clothes and really over-the-top formality? Well the answer was neither of those. The trends seem to be taking us towards finding ways to make interesting comfortable clothing that the oversized trend is a great example of. There can be a mix of patterns and textures and colors and interest and eclecticness, a very unique style that is still comfortable. And we see this throughout a lot of fashion. In general, garments are a lot more comfortable than they were say in the early 2000s, but they are a lot more creative and expressive. So it's going to be interesting to see how that moves in the future because we've never really done fashion this way before. Even though we're saying, "Oh yes, the Y2K fashion is trending right now," it's not necessarily that we're in the same place as we were back in those years. I don't think we feel like we are economy-wise, politics-wise, any of that, but it does feel like we want a little bit of fun. We want a little bit of playfulness in our clothing, which Y2K fashion was definitely a fun era, which is why I kept so many of my clothes from the time in a time capsule. Go check that video out if you want a major flashback, but we're looking back to youthful eras. We're looking back to times where the fashion constraints were a little bit less prevalent, where a little bit more individualism, creativity, and fun was an option. Fashion, yes, does constantly cycle through. It constantly recycles, and very little is actually new, but the way that we combine things and the versions that we pull out of each decade, each era, is very distinct to us now. We're never going to really do the same thing twice, because we're not the same that we were 20 years ago or 50 years ago. It's how we wear those styles that make them modern, and that is impossible to predict.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NicoleRudolph [38 likes]: Thank you Birch Living for sponsoring! Click here https://birchliving.com/NicoleRudolph to get 25% off your Birch mattress (plus two free Eco-Rest pillows!) during their Extended Labor Day Sale. Offers are subject to change. #birchliving
  2. @KingdomCallingOfficial14 [2 likes]: My highschool choir instructor/musical director told me if I study and research really hard about fashion and stuff, he’ll let me be in charge of costume design next year!
  3. @Sibyle79: Boot cut flares are the ones I love 9:37
  4. @Tutiwashername: I’m glad I have very little fashion sense. I wear jeans, sweaters, tees. A few trousers, dresses, winter jacket, wool jacket, rain coat, a few pair of boots, heels and tennis shoes. It’s nice being retired.
  5. @Janealtalt: The “cake eater” thing is killing me because in the area where I grew up, there was a nearby city known to be mostly occupied by very wealthy people, and we all called them cake-eaters. I think most native Minnesotans know what city I’m talking about ;)
  6. @AlexArrelia: My biggest pet peeve is fashion folks talking about counter culture trends. For some reason contemporary fashion lovers lump entire subcultures with regional variations into one big box and call it "an aesthetic". They make styles like the mod look sound far more widely adopted than they were, they describe punk fashion as just "rips and safety pins" or attribute it to Vivian Westwood and  call it a day. A lot of vital context gets lost as the internet consolidates an oral history of the fashion canon.
  7. @ms.antithesis: in the uk "mary janes" are still used as school shoes for girls alongside T bars with moccasins, broages or boaters, granted typically in a less "posh" style than those words bring to mind, being common for boys.
  8. @sister7465: I love your content.  Its so well written, performed, and researched. I always learn something.  Thank you.
  9. @stacystacy-dl1fu: In the background, she kinda looks like she has a which house
  10. @user-u9y3x: My first video and I am hooked.  You look absolutely beautiful - so very chic.  Can you share the lip colour you are wearing?
  11. @baylorsailor: They better not make these new flares where the hem is floating around your ankles, like in the pictures shown. That looks so stupid. They need to cover your shoe. That's why they look so great with platform shoes. If flares and bell bottoms are making a comeback, then chunky platform shoes will be right there with them.
  12. @a_ggghost: 12:09 just say the f-slur. You can have the pass.
  13. @LusineGhukasyan-mu3ym: It traces how fashion trends evolved — interesting for understanding how culture, history, and society shape what we wear (and by extension, how we present ourselves), which connects to identity and societal perception topics.
  14. @EzzyInSpace: Watching this while mending my 70s suede coat hits different
  15. @HurricaneNoelle: 12:29 women's palazzo pants of the 1930s were a similar silhouette, albeit a little more baggy all over but there was definitely a flare at the bottom.
  16. @maggiebluestate: And we need to remember who created this fashion trend for leopard print???? The Flintstones! 😉
  17. @Mrs_Homemaker: Flair pants balance my hourglass shape and now that I'm wearing them again I'm mad at myself for ever giving them up in the name of fashion. I'm glad people don't seem quite so tied to the fashion cycle now.
  18. @imrd_9382: Soo much information 
Thank youuu❤
  19. @procrasy: It’s interesting to see the huge trends linked to the invention and popularization of one piece of clothing in particular : most recently i’d say we have the jeans that influenced the most everything alongside it.
  20. @procrasy: Suede being trendy in parallel of velvet makes so much sense.

- How Does An Evolving Society Impact Fashion Trends Overtime?: Kind: captions Language: en my main question was how does an evolving society impact fashion trends over time as you can be defined as the social systemic production consumption and institutionalization of novelty that integrates culture and the individual in the economy it finds expression materially and visually in forms of color shape texture and branding integrated into local and global systems sociologist georg simmel pointed that fashion was not just about clothing styles but was in fact a basic process that propelled the modern life we begin in the 1950s the post-war era that was defined by conservatism and classiness there was less need to ration materials and families began to have spending money this began to push more consumerism and even popularize department stores Kolding was still heavily restricted included regulated collar sizes and lengths of skirts some styles of the 1950's were mostly conservative and clean-cut the business suit poodle skirts longer pencil skirts hourglass waist lines small hats and head scarves were all popular at that time [Music] next we look at the 1960s the age of counterculture this was a period of great social economic and political change which included prosperity for Americans this gave rise to counterculture that established many of today's social norms the counterculture was motivation for issues such as equality sexism and racism this gave rise to hippie culture a new subculture people began to rebel against traditional clothing 1960s fashion straddled the line of casual and formal brighter colors immersed from the pop art movement Stiles included corduroy pants oversized collars draw boys dresses turtlenecks the tunic and tops began to be worn untucked next is the 1970s activism continued with an uprise of environmentalism sales came from individual expression rather than trying to fit in this was to please themselves versus pleasing others many did not support consumerism to protest the Vietnam War and propose peace many styles were endogenous and there was a larger variety of fabrics including wool velvet suede and leather styles of the 1970s included bell-bottoms miniskirts hot pants and blue jeans the 1980s was the age of creativity this was an experimental period of history for fashion people dressed to define their personalities and to make a big statement 1980s fashion rejected their non materialistic hippy values that inspired the 70s fashion families were earning big money and spending conspicuously Styles like punk emerges rejection against both hippie and materialist values there was an increase in globalization and spread of pop culture as technology became more widespread styles of the 1980s included shoulder pads miniskirts with leggings leg warmers huge earrings and scrunchies the 1990s was the of anti-fashion people can they take a minimalist approach on fashion this was an era based on comfort and emphasized the casual look this included carefree genderless styles the fluorescent colors of the 80s were replaced with softer shades this propelled styles of grunge and metal MTV and other new media platforms push new styles styles of the 1990s included flannels relaxed fit jeans plain t-shirts wide leg Capri shorts and changes the 2000s was the mash-up decade this era incorporated fusions of styles designers began to mix color and patterns from the 60s 70s and 80s to produce wild and fun styles globalization also influenced the decades trends with incorporation of Middle Eastern and Asian cultures in the mainstream American trends many trends came from hip hop and media icons styles included halter tops belly skirts denim miniskirts rise jeans and capris fashion holds a strong cultural meaning that gives identity to a person as well as a society in conclusion fashion is fundamental to culture because it offers aesthetic forms in which people attach to fashion is influenced by religion music habits and customs that evolve simultaneously with a society you

  Top Comments:
  1. @richv9057: Very interesting!

- Scream Queens Style Analysis: The Chanels - High Fashion & Groupthink to Image: Kind: captions Language: en-US In the show Scream Queens, The Chanels are the beautiful, wealthy, popular, and stylish clique of vainglorious girls belonging to the most sought-after sorority Kappa Kappa Tau at Wallace University. The main three members of the posse are the queen- Chanel Oberlin, Sadie Swenson or Chanel #3, and Libby Putney aka Chanel #5. With the identically named group labeled after the most admired high fashion house, they were to be dressed dripping in designer clothes while indulging in furs, diamonds, and pearls. The Chanels are both daring and bold while remaining soft and stylish, never risque but also pushing the limits of style past the 9s. The cohesive and glamorous style of the Chanels is one that has grown to be iconic and visually captivating on-screen with a great impact off. Their distinctive and harmonious style is one that though unified, has great range from the classic feminine with references to Marlin Monroe with Chanel #5 to the boundary-pushing and experimental with Chanel #3. The aesthetic of the chanels from a costume design standpoint was beyond simply tangibly capturing each character, but became a sort of character in and of itself- serving the purpose of remaining prominent no matter where the moment would lead in the narrative of Scream Queens. With designer camp moments and a defined aesthetic, Scream Queens is the epitome of heightened style in designer camp moments to on trend and elevated beyond reality ensembles that were meant to encompass the Chanels’ spirit as a group while retaining individuality. The costume designer explained, “These girls would watch what's going on on Style.com. They're up on what's happening on the runways and then they emulate it. So I went on Style.com a lot and just really researched what's happening in the fashion world right now — especially for the fall. Then because Ryan [Murphy] wanted everything pastel, we had to do our own interpretation.” While many designer looks are showcased such as Christian Siriano Fall 2015, Georges Hobeika - FW 2015 Collection, and Dsquared2 for example, the main two high fashion houses that breathed life into the look of the Chanels are of course Chanel, which I have a whole video on if you’re interested in this fashion house and the work of Karl Lagerfeld, IS IT TRUE KARL LAGERFELD IS YOUR UNCLE AND THAT HE RESTOCKS THIS CLOSET EVERY YEAR? WELL, HE’S NOT REALLY MY UNCLE. I JUST CALL HIM UNCLE KARL BECAUSE HE IS SO CLOSE TO MY PARENTS. UNCLE KARL COMES HERE EVERY FALL WITH TRUNKS FULL OF CLOTHES FOR ME TO TRY ON. as well as Moschino, specifically under the eye of Jeremy Scott. Costume Designer Lou Eyrich and creator Ryan Murphy agreed to give the girls a candy-colored look, especially in the image of pastel sugared macarons. Jeremy Scott’s design approach suited this perfectly as in the words of Vogue, “If fashion were a candy store, Jeremy Scott would be the wide-eyed, gape-mouthed kid standing smack-dab in the middle of it.” Moschino's motto and mission as a brand is, "playing and having fun while staying on the ground" The innovative, outlandish, and eye-catching range of hues applied for the “youthful twist in combination with the fashion house of Chanel’s elegance, traditional, and prestige as the mission statement is to e the Ultimate House of Luxury, defining style and creating desire, now and forever.” produces the overall span and visual codes that the girl posse dresses by. For example, in the opening scene of the show, the girls are all sporting mini tweed sets with signature accessories to finish off the looks such as pearls or gloves- setting the tone for the rest of the show. Key pieces of the Chanels style are hats, copious amounts of jewelry, high knee socks, heels, furs, or feathers executed within the delicate sweet color palette. To unify the ground, the costume designer made use of accents such as rhinestones on earmuffs for instance to be not only eye-catching through overall silhouette, statement pieces, or total ensembles but also in the finer unpredictable details that added more depth to each member of the Chanels. The Chanels are a girl posse, in media and culture this refers to a group of girls who are conventionally attractive, well-dressed, and often ill-natured with a sugar-coated surface- often in the image of their leader with an individualized accent that will serve as a visual identifier. Uniquely, this posse, while fluctuating often in members, is defined under the same name. New members are often renamed with a number added on in reference to CHANEL N°5 Eau de Parfum and gives a descriptive variable to each member without ever giving them a full standout label. Each Chanel dresses in the aesthetic modeled after Chanel Obelrins personal style. By dressing in the image of another, in this specific case in the image of Chanel Oberlin, the group visually garners and projects her traits through enclothed cognition. I MEAN WHY ELSE WOULD WE ALL JOIN A SORORITY IN THE FIRST PLACE? MY SENSE OF PERSONAL IDENTITY IS COMPLETELY EXTERNAL. IF I DIDN'T HAVE KAPPA TO DEFINE ME- I REALLY DON’T HAVE MUCH TO OFFER. I FIND MY PARTICULAR STYLE OF SPEAKING AND GESTICULATION IS TRULY OFF-PUTTING TO MOST BOYS AND GIRLS AND ANYONE, BUT WITH KAPPA AS MY CALLING CARD EVERYONE SEEMS TO OVERLOOK THAT. I JOINED FOR WHATEVER REASON YOU JOINED CHANEL. One's self-perception and behavior evolve with the clothing they wear to the point where thinking, behaviors, and mannerisms alter. This in combination with the group-think creates the dynamic of the Chanels. In this specific case, the Chanels fall into the phenomena of Inexplicably Identical Individuals - the way they style their hair, apply accessories, carry themselves, walk, and even eat are the same. Their decision-making, lifestyles, and appearances are formed by the shared group-think. By definition, this is a psychological phenomenon where a group of people shares a deep desire for conformity or harmony within a group that results often in irrational or even dysfunctional decision making. NOW, IF YOU’LL FOLLOW ME I WOULD LIKE TO IMPLEMENT PHASE TWO. RIGHT? RIGHT. YEAH, OKAY I GUESS. Within groupthink, there is a loss of boundaries to individualism, uniqueness, and independent thinking. This in combination with enclothed cognition creates the hierarchy and dynamics of the Chanels as they are channeling the look, belief systems, and status of their ruthless, beautiful, fashionable leader. The costume designer states, “Chanel #1 is the queen, so we used feathers, fur, pearls, and big heels—always a notch above, costume-wise.” Chanel Oberlin's style is the most luxurious, elevated, and authoritative. She also sets the tone for the dress of the rest of the Chanels while always remaining a step above and ahead. Her quintessential style is more refined with a glam, girly undertone that heightens the feminine and maturity of her looks through the contrast of essences that give her a softness while allowing her to remain sharp. This is her armor as an insecure individual, her clothing displays the traits she deems acceptable to the world. The dainty coloring tones down the exaggerated pieces while strengthening the classic and strong motifs. The contrasting features between print play and mixing textures or fabrics to an extreme form her visual dominance that allows for her to stand out as a leader amongst a group who look up to her. Even in more toned down and sophisticated ensembles, she makes a statement through pieces that capture a luxury and traditional tone with detailing of interests that differ greatly than how a piece is normally worn Her clothing is always bright, buoyant, and often has silhouettes that take up a lot of space around her. The coat, mini skirt, blouse, sunglasses, and jewelry are Chanel’s staple silhouette. This actually establishes dominance as when someone makes their body bigger and higher than others- they are sending superiority signals. Going back to our prehistoric roots, a common and critical way to show dominance is to appear large and powerful whether it be through body language or clothing/adornment. Another staple look of Chanel is the feather dress with high embellishments. For instance, when she sports the Christian Siriano - Spring 2014 feather dress that with movement catches the air and constantly moves outward- creating a larger silhouette with every movement. The base of the dress is an eye-catching fabric that makes the feathers more delicate in juxtaposition. With this, a blush Patent-leather bow and gold Chain Belt by RED Valentino is worn to bring in the waist, along with pearl jewelry and heels. This visually conveys how Chanel feels that she is powerful to do whatever she would like and her need to feel superior at all times- that she needs others below her in order to feel secure. Her group constantly fulfills this need. Chanel #3 has the most camp and experimental looks. She leans more into the playful aspect of the channel aesthetic but takes risks while remaining in the group's codes of dress. For example, during rush Chanel 1 and 5 are sporting Christian Siriano, but she opts for a New India Dress by Elizabeth and James, a Pink Leather Belt with Crystal Interlocking G Buckle by Gucci, and finished off the look with her signatures such as ear muffs and jewelry. This hints at how she is the most sensible out of the group, as she cared for #2's passing stating she was her friend, supports 5 when picked on, and will go behind Chanels back to form her own relationships. She pushes the limit of the color palette often with her love of prints and textures, that are played up through the application, for instance, her embellished mini dress paired with the Princeton boc jacket by Alice and Olivia. Coming from a similar background #3 naturally has shared traits with Oberlin, but is much more comfortable in herself to the point where she often does not care to exert energy into proving herself in any manner. Her intellect is often masked in the eyes of others by her deadpan humor and sarcastic eye-rolls, but she herself has a quiet confidence and feels at peace with herself. Her looks have more personality than the other Chanels, but she desires to belong- in parallel to Oberlin her home life was not nurturing. She filters herself through the Chanel lens and though on the surface to the eye she does not care since she is not constantly acting or speaking in a manner deemed acceptable for a woman, she is very passionate and enjoys sisterhood. Chanel #5 opts for more classic looks, pin-up, and Monroe-inspired accents. She is a conservative and sensitive girl. She often worries and clings to conformity to garner acceptance. Unlike the other girls, she sports very similar silhouettes at all times and does not often experiment or refashion her ensembles. Her base foundation look is a tight top beneath a jacket, fur coat or shaw, pencil skirt, and heels then finishes off with jewelry and a headband or cap. She goes for the exemplary look of the fashion house to the traditional root with the black and white motif in a Torn Chiffon Crystal Blazer over a ruffled collar blouse adorned with a bow at the neck along with a lightly patterned pencil skirt and heels. This sets the foundation of how she upholds and longs for tradition, consistency, and an affinity for connection. The duality of Chanel 5's style is her love for classics that are timeless in nature and trendier pieces. Subconsciously, those who opt for trends that do not truly align with them allow for the wearer to integrate into different situations, embody specific traits, appear comfortable or even allow the wearer to experience comfort through visual alignment. Chanel #5 sported many trends of this time such as tees with graphic sayings or animal ears, conveying how she prefers to fit in overthinking for herself. She takes direct style cues from Oberlin, for instance wearing Christian Siriano - Resort 2015 while Chanel is in the Spring 2014 collection or also sporting fingerless gloves- Oberlin’s signature. The chanels overall continuously make a statement through their style and capture their one-of-a-kind group aura. The coordination of the iconic trio displays the power they hold and their place in the world together. Ever since airing in 2015, Scream Queens has made a statement on screen and off- inspiring the style or even purely the act of dressing up no matter the occasion That dominated autumn and winter fashion despite the untraditional color palette and styling. With the posse named after the most looked to the fashion house, the Chanels lived up to the legacy through their looks and impact withinScream Queens where the outfits were just as thrilling as the story.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabbidurham [12 likes]: “No one forced that goat to get as drunk as he did. That’s on him.”
  2. @spiritualsnail1584 [9 likes]: Chanel n°3's style is my favourite. The earmuffs are truly iconic
  3. @davidkonevky7372 [5 likes]: For a 2015 show, the fashion really didn't age.
  4. @kaitlynhall2112 [5 likes]: So we’re just not going to acknowledge that Chanel #3 wore ear muffs as a nod to Billie Lourd’s mom? The princess of Alderaan and general of the resistance, queen of IDGAF: Carrie Fisher!
  5. @thelittleveganmermaid3653 [4 likes]: I know she was not in it very long....but I wonder what Chanel #2's look says about her. Especially with her family home that we got to see as well.
  6. @victoredwardo9485 [4 likes]: Yeesss i'm waiting on the modern girl channels to do her take on the scream Queens looks
  7. @kuramacabre [4 likes]: I just watched the whole show and I agree, it is stupid and ridiculous, but precisely because of that, it is clever and hysterical. 😂 I liked season 2 but missed the fashionable moments, since they where customizing nurse attires with their chanel-ish twist. I would love to see the Chanels in any other profession, it would be hilarious. 🤣🤣🤣
  8. @jules4578 [3 likes]: They made the outfits look like they're everyday clothing
  9. @newcreature222 [3 likes]: Many this show was a fashion fantasy come true , truly eye candy 🍭 in every scene I don’t remember if they died but they need bring this back
  10. @fca3464 [2 likes]: you sound like alexa demie, i’m sorry people chose to criticize your voice. there truly was nothing wrong with it, it really is just them projecting their own beliefs on the way a woman speaks
  11. @hutao9704 [2 likes]: this show was the best i rewatched s1 back to back
  12. @nana7451 [1 likes]: your voice is so fricking annoying im sorry😭
  13. @devilandCo [1 likes]: is it a choice the way she talks? or is it how she really talks? 😅
  14. @jorgemanuelsilvaneves6754 [1 likes]: Beautiful!!!
  15. @STVPRODUCTION29 [1 likes]: Why does she sound like #3 but more softer
  16. @sharskyes4557 [1 likes]: I enjoy your channel.
  17. @channeluser543: What is this voice omg I can't take it
  18. @emmapartyz8305: i love the intro
  19. @jorgemanuelsilvaneves6754: Veri pretty
  20. @pumpkin7227-c1w: where can i watch the season 2, does anyone know?

- How To Stop Wanting to Buy Stuff | Frugal Living: Kind: captions Language: en foreign even after years of becoming a minimalist I still have that urge to buy the next cool thing that comes out from time to time is it stuff that I need no usually not thankfully there have been a few things that I consider and ways of thinking that I adopted that have stopped the unnecessary spending and ultimately to stop buying things I don't need altogether here's how I stopped wanting to buy stuff but first if you're new to my channel thank you for stopping by here we talk about minimalism Frugal Living Tech and things of that nature so if that sounds good to you and to end up liking the video be sure to like and please iron Reaver soul stealer the Subscribe button let's get started I'm basically just going to present a list of things I do or think about before almost any purchase starting with the first one which is wait it out I'm always surprised about how much I passed on a purchase after a good waiting period if it's something that costs quite a bit of money I usually give myself about a 30 day waiting period during this time I'm able to see if it fits in my budget look at reviews if I can but most importantly see if I even care after 30 days and I feel like this is just the perfect amount of time to wait it's enough time for the hype of a new product to die down and it's enough time for a lot of thought and consideration to go into it having this waiting period almost always allows me to avoid buyers remorse prevent those impulse purchases and of course it just builds a little bit of discipline with money next time you consider a big purchase sleep on it for a few nights and just give it some thought pros and cons list there's almost always a pros and cons list to be made when spending the obvious con is a loss of money and space in your living area but there are other cons too like if it's something that will need regular maintenance and money to go into it to continue using it and is it something that is generally a waste of time and very unproductive speaking from personal experience I can say every single time I've made a pros and cons list the cons usually far outweigh the pros aside from purchases and spending Amica pros and cons lists with any big life decision unsubscribe and avoid Temptations this is absolutely something that can be practically done rather than just a way of thinking algorithms and personalized ads are everywhere and there is at least a way to control it to an extent a while ago I made an effort to actively go into my email and unsubscribe in order to avoid those Temptations to purchase something I had a slight desire recently to build a PC and as you could probably guess every single video on my YouTube homepage was about building PCS in just about every single ad on the sides of my browser were for PCs and to be honest this is so annoying to me besides unsubscribing from these tempting emails and ads I've made an attempt at just clearing my YouTube homepage and basically every other area where I have the temptation to spend or where I'm encouraged to spend on and off the internet basically anywhere we go we're encouraged to buy and spend money and to be honest sometimes it makes sense if it aligns with our values I think the point I'm trying to make is to take a little bit control where you can and do not give in to tempting impulse spending opportunities find a hobby and this is most definitely something I've experienced firsthand I do want to address I fully understand that most Hobbies require a little bit of spending to even get started but try to understand where I'm coming from most of the times in my life where I wasn't regularly doing something like a hobby or just some sort of activity for fun or to keep me busy I really felt compelled to shop more just to find a little bit of joy that sounds incredibly sad when I say it out loud I can say from personal experience the times I wasn't skating as much and the times I wasn't just going outside as much I would find myself window shopping more often and just going out to eat for fun having a hobby or at the very least something I can fully immerse myself in is so important for me to kill that urge to spend randomly after going to Europe I'm really convinced that spending money in itself is a hobby here in the US and I feel so strongly about this one because this genuinely might be the most effective thing on this entire list most of if not all the Hobbies I'd have are completely free aside from the money I needed to get started grabbing books from the library or going out to skate are basically free to do explore an affordable alternative option I'm pretty positive that there's almost always a more affordable version of everything and I know this video is about not wanting to spend money all together but this is still worth talking about whether it was buying something that I just needed used like my card or my camera or even just borrowing something I know I might only need once I've always found a more affordable option when I just looked instead of buying new books they're free at the library now I want to go to the library instead of buying them new I could say with confidence that while I do still occasionally have the urge to buy something new and exciting I genuinely enjoy the challenge of finding the more affordable option consider financial goals one of the easiest ways to prevent myself from spending is to Simply think about a financial goal I'm trying to reach because buying something that I don't absolutely need is the direct opposite of making progress toward that something I started doing a while ago that I found incredibly effective was to try and find excitement and watching my savings or Investments grow the same way a purchase would bring me excitement if I remember that every non-essential purchase is ultimately a delay in my financial goals it's usually a pretty easy decision right then and there putting these things into practice over a period of time have really just changed the way I think in really the way I am with purchases and I've ultimately stopped the urge to buy things and what I do it's usually a necessity and just replacing something I already have so I hope a few things from this video can prove useful for you anyways as always I appreciate the time you spent here and I appreciate you watching if you did like this video and you like this type of content be sure to like and consider subscribing to my channel and I'll see you next time [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @lucxsful [4 likes]: "Everytime I'm not doing any of my hobbies I'm thinking about buying stuff to find some joy". Damn, it hit hard.
  2. @jonnydepp2208 [1 likes]: i really like the video, as i first heard the 30 day time  between thought and actual purchase i was shocked. i thought with my 24 hour waiting time im doing good haha
  3. @erikerak1020 [1 likes]: someone using apple products shouldn't talk about frugality in the first place.
  4. @afifadzlan [1 likes]: I keep coming back to this video when i have the urge to buy something. Hahahaha
  5. @sableann4255: Mass, over consumerism is out of control in America!!!
  6. @solitair601: Don’t buy digital media when it can be shared by a friend or found online.
  7. @Blathers: As someone who already doesn't want to ever buy stuff I still found this very interesting 😅
  8. @user-rq6ic4tk9j: Thanks man!
  9. @prophetjamz94: W inuyasha reference
  10. @imneversarcastic3898: You guys have adds on your browser, weird.
My weaknesses are things I've been wanting for 2+ years that are currently on a 30%+ off sale with free shipping. 
Those are usually Gunpla though because my other hobbies are free or pay for themselves by preventing a necessary purchase.
  11. @MrTubeman123456: Good idea to wait even put it in the cart and wait for the next day alot of the time u will change your mind impulse buying is the worst thing.
  12. @AlexRepon-b3o: Loved this video, keep up the great work!
  13. @mr10pink: Your message is bit undermined when you show at same time those objects. Nothing wrong with it but just Stange
  14. @superbroadcaster: I fell into film photography as a hobby and it will passively suck money if you do it any kind of regularly. Very enjoyable but some days it's not always the best results and you're paying for the film and development every time. So make sure it's a hobby that you're okay with the budget and spending needed, because there's always some kinda spending.
  15. @Seppel69: one of the best videos
  16. @vegetaprince4136: I usually break it down into simpler terms
1. Priority (These are the things that I cannot just go without)
2. Need (Once priority is taken care of, I still filter stuff out asking myself do I really need this)
  17. @MrWookLoaf: The only debt that I have is my mortgage and vehicle payment (which to be fair, isn''t nothing) but I don't have any credit cards maxed out or loans that I'm trying to pay back, but that in itself is a trap. It makes spending feel guilt free in a way, but there is still financial goals I want to reach but seem to progress towards extremely slowly because I'm just a irresponsible child at heart when it comes to spending, lol... But I think from now on when I want to make a bigger purchase, Im going to set a reminder from a month of me first wanting it, to see if future me agrees with stupid...i mean current me.
  18. @comradeCryo470: Usually the only things I ever desire are uncommon food ingredients. It makes me thankful I dont need much to keep me occupied and happy
  19. @tangyfresh1830: I think what nobody talks about however is how truly boring and how easily sidetracked you can get trying to do something like this in your life. Changing everything takes more time than you think, nothing is developed overnight, rather that just completely following steps like this try and follow them with a substitute of little things to change first in your spending that just to cut everything. Cut those streaming services that you barley use for a week see how you feel, cook a meal you never have tried before see how you feel. It's a lot easier to change when you feel like something has.
  20. @ActionFigureReview-0316: I’ve recently just gotten over buying things. This coming from someone that has spent 1000’s on action figures and 100’s on DVDs and blu rays. 

I’ve reached critical mass on each in both terms of space and financial investment. I’m going to slow it way down for 2026 and appreciate what I have vs. always getting more and more.

- Why should I shop ethically?: Kind: captions Language: en why should I shop ethically are you conscious of the fact that people and the environment are directly affected by the way your clothes are made bought and thrown away these days we've gotten so used to what we now call the fast fashion culture this is the culture of frequently buying lots of new clothes at a cheap price only toward a few times and then eventually throw it out but it wasn't always like this we're actually purchasing 400% more than we did just twenty years ago and the consequences of all of this are disastrous toxic waste from the creation and disposal of clothes has severely damaged the environment it has also led to many people around the world being exploited for the sake of making clothes cheap their wages are barely enough for them to live on and basic health and safety measures throughout the supply chain often don't exist does this sit right with you as Muslims we should be inspired by our Deen to always do what is right for others and the earth and to always be conscious of the consequences of our actions we know it's tempting to buy cheap and trendy clothes but creating a better future for everyone should be our priority so it's clear to us that our consumerist lifestyles need a shake-up and money talks we as consumers have so much power to influence the way companies behave so if you keep buying from businesses invested in this unsustainable fast fashion culture then the damage will continue but if you start buying from businesses that align with your values you'll help support the development of a more sustainable and ethical fashion industry we are Iman envision a world where our belief and practice of Islam brings benefit to all of society so we're revamping the way we make our clothes and the way you shop at Iman so that both you and I can be more responsible with what we consume on a daily basis it's time we wear our values and change our lifestyles in order to minimize the impact on the planet and people so watch our next few videos to see how together we can dress society in our ideals

  Top Comments:
  1. @nahidakhan9036 [1 likes]: As a teacher, this is such a good resource for me to use it to start a conversation about sustainable living.

- The Psychology Behind Every Luxury Purchase You Make: Kind: captions Language: en Luxury brands are some of the best marketers in the world because when you really think about it, why does a leather bag cost $5,000 when another costs 300? Why do people wait months, sometimes even years, for a particular watch? And why does a simple logo make someone feel wealthier or more important? The answer is that luxury brands are not just selling you a product. They're selling you access to a world that feels more exclusive and more desirable than ordinary [music] life. And that's why luxury is so powerful. A watch can tell the same time as your phone. A bag can carry the same items as one that costs a fraction of the price. A shirt can cover your body whether it has a designer label or not. But luxury brands understand that people do not buy purely based on function. >> [music] >> They buy based on emotion, aspiration, and the story they want to tell about themselves. So, in this video, we're breaking down the science behind luxury brands and exactly how they make you want to buy, the good and the bad, and what to watch out for. Let's dive into the subtle psychology that makes certain types of products feel almost impossible to resist. >> Before we start, I'm Nick and welcome to my channel where I discuss gent style and lifestyle. I make videos on a wide variety of topics on how to dress well and how to live well. So, if that interests you, then click subscribe. Also, if you love men's style, follow me on Instagram. I'm posting there regularly and I have a ton of fun content planned. [music] The first thing that luxury brands understand is that people rarely buy luxury for the product alone. They buy it for what the product represents. A watch is not just a watch. A bag is not just a bag. And a pair of shoes is not just something to walk in. >> At a certain level, these objects become symbols of a lifestyle that suggests taste and status. Someone doesn't just buy a Rolex because it tells time. They buy it because it represents achievement. [music] Someone doesn't just buy an Hermes bag because it carries their belongings. They buy it because it represents exclusivity and craftsmanship. [music] And someone doesn't just buy a Ralph Lauren blazer simply because they need a jacket. They buy into the world Ralph Lauren has created, that of country houses, polo fields, Ivy League [music] charm, and old money elegance. The product is only one part of the appeal. The real desire comes from the identity affixed to it. Luxury brands are excellent at selling you a more successful, tasteful version of yourself. And once you believe the product brings you closer to that identity, it no longer feels just like a purchase. Starts to feel like a step towards becoming someone. Luxury brands are brilliant at storytelling. And if the last section was about what luxury makes you feel about yourself, this section is about what luxury makes you believe about the brand. Luxury brands invest a great deal of time and money building a whole world around their brand. [music] They leverage themes like heritage, craftsmanship, the founders, famous clients. Perhaps even they throw in some historic moments and traditions behind the brand. For example, Louis Vuitton is selling the romance of travel. [music] Hermes is selling equestrian heritage, handcrafted old-world refinement. And Cartier is selling royalty, elegance, and timeless sophistication. This all matters because the story makes an object feel more meaningful, which allows the consumer to develop an emotional attachment to the product and to the overall brand. This is why luxury brands constantly remind you where they come from. The longer the history, the deeper the mythology. And the deeper the mythology, the easier it is for the customer to believe that they are not just buying an object, they are buying [music] a small piece of culture and tradition. Another major way luxury brands make you want to buy is through scarcity. When something is difficult to access, [music] it immediately feels more valuable. It's simple supply and demand. If anyone can walk into a store and buy it, the product may still be beautiful, but it loses some of its mystique. But when there's a waitlist because of limited production or perhaps certain pieces are reserved only for top clients, the product feels more exclusive. That exclusivity creates desire because it makes a customer feel like owning the item means they're a part of an elite club. >> You see this especially with certain watches, handbags, rare fragrances, and made-to-order pieces. A great example is the Patek Philippe Nautilus in Tiffany [music] blue. Released in 2021, only 170 were made to celebrate the long relationship between Patek Philippe and Tiffany [music] & Co. One piece was later sold for over $6 million showing [music] just how scarce and desired this watch is. In normal retail, brands try to make buying as easy as [music] possible. But in luxury, a little scarcity can turn a purchase into an achievement. Luxury brands also understand that price is not just a number, but a part of the story. In ordinary retail, a high price can scare people away. But in luxury, a high price can actually make a product feel more desirable to the right audience >> because it signals exclusivity and importance. If something costs significantly more than the average alternative, people often assume that there must be something special about it. That does not mean that price and quality are always the same thing. Sometimes the price reflects better materials and craftsmanship. Other times you're paying heavily for the name and the feeling that the brand has created around the product. >> A good example of this is the iconic Burberry trench coat. Burberry's Kensington Heritage trench is around $2,400. You [music] can find similar coats for a lot less, but here the high price point is a part of the brand's exclusivity. These companies know that if everyone can afford it, it loses a part of its status. So, the price itself becomes a filter. It tells the customer that this is not for everyone. And strangely enough, that's often what makes people want it even more. Another way luxury brands create desire is through social proof. People naturally pay attention to what highly admired and successful people are wearing. So, when a luxury product appears on a celebrity, an athlete, a royal, or a cultural icon, it becomes more than just an item. It becomes a signal. This is why brands are incredibly careful about who they associate with. The right person can make a product blow up. For example, James Bond, as we all know, wears an Omega. Steve McQueen wore a TAG Heuer Monaco. Or think about Princess Diana carrying the Lady Dior. These associations all give those products a story beyond the object itself. I have a bottle of Macallan whiskey just behind me simply because it's the whiskey of choice for James Bond. [music] So, association works. Once enough admired people are seen wearing or using something, the desire [music] spreads. Not because everyone has it, but because the right people do. Luxury brands go beyond the product itself and carefully design the entire buying experience around how they want you to feel. A luxury boutique is rarely designed to feel like an ordinary store. The lighting is softer and the displays are more selective. The space is quieter, it's more polished, and it's often more intimidating. They may also have private appointments, coffee or champagne available, careful packaging, and sales associates who make the experience feel personal. All of this creates theater around the purchase. You're not simply walking in, grabbing something off the shelf, and then leaving. You're stepping into the world of the brand. >> The boutique becomes a part of the exclusive private club that the brand is trying to curate. And the more elevated the experience feels, the easier it is to believe that the product is more valuable. That's also why luxury packaging matters, too. Everything from the box to the ribbon. [music] It's all designed to make the purchase feel ceremonial. Luxury brands understand that when the buying experience feels special, the product feels special, too. The final thing that luxury brands do is they understand that the most powerful purchases are often emotional. A good number of people rarely buy luxury items simply because they need something. They buy it to mark a moment, whether it's a promotion, a milestone birthday, a wedding, a graduation, an anniversary, or a personal achievement. The product becomes connected to a memory, which makes it feel more meaningful than an ordinary purchase. This is why luxury brands often invoke words like timeless, [music] iconic, heirloom, legacy, and investment piece. They want the product to feel like something that belongs to your life story, like a watch that you buy after building your career or a suit that you wear on an important day. That emotional connection is powerful because it makes the product feel deeply personal. Of course, there's another darker side to luxury. Luxury can represent quality products, but it can also tap into a person's insecurity and fear of being left out. This is where desire becomes manipulation. There's a difference between buying a watch because you love its design and engineering and buying it because you've been made to feel inadequate without it. It's always important to remember that a famous logo does not automatically make something stylish [music] and a high price point elegant. And owning luxury does not automatically make someone refined. This is why you have to be honest about why you want something. Are you buying it because it genuinely fits into your life and your taste? Or are you buying it because you hope it will change how people see you? A gentleman can appreciate luxury, but he must never be controlled by it. So, the answer is to buy carefully and with taste. Before buying something expensive, ask yourself a simple question. Would I still want this if no one knew the brand? If the answer is no, you may be buying it more for the name rather than the object itself. Look for pieces that genuinely suit your personal style, your lifestyle, and your wardrobe. Luxury should feel like an extension of your taste, not a costume that you put on to impress people. Then look for heritage. Some luxury pieces are desirable because they come from real tradition, like the Cartier Tank. This is actually something that's on my list to buy. Then there's also the Burberry trench, a Barbour jacket, an Hermes tie, or a pair of Edward Green shoes. The history gives them more meaning than just the logo alone. >> And most importantly, look for quality. Pay attention to the materials, the construction, the fit, the finishing, and the longevity. [music] Ask yourself, will this age well? Can it be repaired? Does it feel beautiful in person? Real luxury isn't about being flashy or flexing what you bought to others. It's about taste, craftsmanship, and buying items with a deeper meaning. There's nothing wrong with appreciating beautiful things. Just make sure you know what's being sold to you. If you enjoyed this video, make sure you subscribe to the channel for more content on men's style, luxury grooming, etiquette, and the habits of a modern gentleman. Also, let me know in the comments what luxury item do you think is actually worth the money and what luxury item do you think is pure marketing. I'm looking forward to reading the answers. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @leerolt [39 likes]: I went onto the waiting list for a Rolex that I wanted, but after a few months I came to my senses and decided that there was no way I was going to sit for years on a list for the privilege of giving them my money. Happily wear various other watches in rotation now.
  2. @fnfn9229 [30 likes]: My uncle bought first class tickets on an airplane for the 1st time a few years ago, he was on his phone when he noticed that the person next to him was constantly talking about tesla, my uncle starts to chit chat with him about the brand and discovers that the guy is actually an executive at tesla. 

My uncle tells him how much he loves the brand and how he cant wait to buy his first tesla.

The executive takes a liking to him and tells him to buy the stock, and tells him to go to a specific dealership and put my uncle as a relative in the system, The stock gain basically paid for the car lmao, but not only that, but he got a relative dicount and 10 years free charging for that car....

An 5k first class ticket, made him money.....
  3. @walterfoyt5985 [10 likes]: I have a large collection of Hermes ties.  I wear them not because they are Hermes.  I wear them because I love them, even though I don’t think most people know what they are.
  4. @dark_gravity_edc [5 likes]: I think there's a lot of items, I consider luxury, that are worth the money to upgrade materials and craftsmanship. I don't think they're very many "luxury brands" worth paying up for. There are many small and extremely skilled workers throughout the world to where you can have anything you want custom made at a much more reasonable price than any "luxury house." To me, that is true luxury. Talking to the person that's going to cut and sew the item, choosing the materials with them, know exactly where the materials came from.
  5. @olafkeith9186 [5 likes]: Thanks for the video. I found it very helpful in explaining sone of my own behaviors towards luxury brands.
  6. @Mtho5.4 [5 likes]: I can give a pass to some luxury car brands because I'm a car enthusiast. Outside that I dont bother much with luxury brands. As long as its functional and presentable, I'm happy.
  7. @BrandonD [3 likes]: Money flows where is welcomed and gratitude brings abundance.   You’ve earned it worked hard and it doesn’t matter what others think.  Just remember that what is desired by you is destined for you
  8. @supersonique001 [3 likes]: Just remember Gordon Gekko's speech : The illusion has become real and the more real it becomes the more desperately they want it, capitalism at it's finest! Make sure it's worth it to you otherwise you're just being 'taken' ! LOL.
  9. @bubba7177 [3 likes]: Something is worth what someone is willing to pay. A bargain to one person is overpriced to another.  That having been said, to me luxury must have exceptional quality. If the quality is not there, then I don’t care what the price is. It will not be purchased.
  10. @rlkinnard [2 likes]: I bought 2 Burberry raincoats because i got the bug in me that they were good raincoats.    And Omega and Tag Heuer have not gotten much benefit out of their associations with the movies and James Bond whereas Parket Phillipe has one extremely well.  LVMH is having its problems, and I can name some people in fashion who are pushing their products.  But Hermes seems to have no fashion ambassadors.
  11. @CDOro [1 likes]: I feel like youre reading an AI script 😂 those who know knows
  12. @xxfaithyxx1 [1 likes]: I love your description of how the brands play into their heritage identity. This has definitely been a motive for me, as a buyer.
  13. @yongbinsong9676 [1 likes]: The answer is very simple,  because they don't have self-esteem, which means the very fact that they are obsessed with others' attention.
  14. @stevenv.surawski1178 [1 likes]: very interesting video
  15. @coldtusker647: Good video. It is worth knowing that one can buy a luxury or sartorial item if one can afford it, and indeed genuinely loves it for its ownership, and not to show it off. Most well made expensive items (not all) are built with great design, patience and are meant to have a timeless appeal, as if they were made yesterday. That is a signature of good thoughtful design. But you do not need to be the person who is known just for that particular possession. you should not like to be introduced as 'this is Mr. so and so, who owns a PP Nautilus'. Your self worth depends on what you do, what you contribute and what you build/create. And it may just get noticed that you happen to be wearing an exclusive watch, or an expensive tie...
  16. @ggazetta1: not the chat gpt generated script and you reading from it.
  17. @Riboflavin45: My Casio was $20 & it tells the date/time just fine. Nuff said 🥱
  18. @thinky6076: Luxury brand, you are the product, simple 😂
  19. @ronnieragin2916: Dude, I say you'll be surprised! 😏