- How to Create Irresistible Hooks (and blow up your content): Kind: captions Language: en today we're talking about hooks if you want your videos to perform better you have to make better hooks but here's the thing I'm not going to give you a list of 25 proven viral hooks cuz that's not what you need what you need is to understand the psychology behind why those hooks worked and then the tactics for how to use that psychology in your own stuff so these are going to be the six best ways to improve your hooks immediately and if you do all of these I guarantee your videos will perform better I know this works cuz content is all I do I have almost a million followers billions of views and these are the secrets for how I go viral whenever I want all right tip number one is actually the mega tip it's my full three-step hook formula and this is how I look at social media you are driving down the highway at 70 mph I need you to see something stop turn around and come back the other way so how do I get you to do that the way I do that is by building a curiosity Loop and this is one of the base Commandments in storytelling if you want to tell a great story you need the viewer to watch the first line and feel so compelled that they can't dream of doing anything else then watching the second line and the third line and so on the domino effect this is the Curiosity Loop and the deeper the loop the more Curious you are The more I've hooked you so the question is how do I do that in just three or four sentences and the answer is that I built a formula that does this every single time it's three steps the first step is what I call the context lean in the first line or two I need to do two things one I need to be super clear about what the video is actually about topic Clarity and this is so you as the viewer can self- select in in or out based on your interest if I'm talking about investing and you don't care about investing I actually don't want to trick you into watching the video because you're not my target viewer but if you do care about investing I want to Signal this to you as soon as possible so I need to give you immediate context about the topic the second thing I need to do is get you leaning in context lean the more you lean in the more Curious you are these are the easiest ways to get somebody to lean in establish Common Ground reference a benefit or pain point they may have use a metaphor to simplify a complex idea or tell them something so interesting it blows their mind you need them to be connected and feel like what you're talking about relates to them in some way let's go through an example one of my videos this is the sphere video I made that got 8 million views I want you to just watch the first two lines the tech in the Vegas sphere is insane biggest screen ever built 20 times bigger than an IMAX right away I'm telling you exactly what the context of the video is the sphere and the tech inside and I'm getting you to lean in by talking about the SC screen showing it and referencing to how much bigger it is than an IMAX something you may have known now this is taking the show you something interesting to blow your mind route of the options and of course not everyone is going to be interested in this video but if you heard about the sphere or care about tech in venues you're going to be leaning in okay so that's step one now step two is what I call the scroll stop interjection this is a single line meant to act like a stun gun I need you to start leaning in and then immediately I need you to stop being able to move forward like you ran into a window and the best way to do this in practice is is by using a contrasting word I like to use the word but but you could use things like however yet although therefore on the other hand things like that and this is more just meant to be a setup line for the haym maker that's coming in step three but in order for them to accept the hay maker you need to stun them first now back in the sphere example let's watch both the context lean and the scroll stop interjection together the tech in the Vegas sphere is insane bigger than an IMAX but get this the screen is actually the least impressive part of the whole thing so at this point I've kind of stunned you right I first established context and got you leaning in about how interesting the sphere is talking about the TCH and the screen but then I stunned you and told you the screen is actually not impressive at all at this point you're like what could possibly be coming next I the screen looks huge I can see it in the visuals and this is the Curiosity Loop that is building you wondering what is coming next is replacing any thought that could be distracting you and send you anywhere else all right time for step three this is the haym maker I call it the contrarian Snapback now the contrarian Snapback is a sentence that goes in the opposite direction of the initial lean it's still on topic but it snaps the viewer back on a different path and the bigger the shock the bigger the snap the better the effect so let's finish the sphar example now with all three parts part of the whole thing because the most impressive part is the audio this is going to blow your mind at this point I've got you hookline and sinker I established context immediately I got you leaning in the case that you were interested in something about the screen or something new you hadn't seen before then I stunned you and played the Uno reverse card snapping you back in a different direction instead of talking about the screen now I'm talking about the audio that is the Snapback at this point you are fully hooked and fully curious about what comes next you can't dream of doing anything else other than learning how this audio is more impressive than the biggest screen ever built that's hookline and sinker now it turns out if you go back and you analyze best performing content from any Creator across any medium a lot of it follows this exact same formula and it doesn't just have to be the big new style entertainment Style video type content if I'm making content as a real estate agent and I'm purely looking to drive leads to my real estate practice pure B2B I could say something like this there are three massive mistakes people are making with their mortgage the average person pays an extra $122,000 per year now most people think it's because of high interest rates but it turns out it has nothing to do with that because the biggest waste of money is actually coming from see what I did there now I don't know anything about real estate I don't know what the right answer to that is but just that hook setup even without me knowing any context I can get you leaning one way and then the other and if you're a real estate agent and you make content in that format I guarantee that would drive so many leads it would build you as Authority in your category that's what you want to do that hook format works every category every space and if you don't believe it works I'm going to do a magic trick because I use the same psychology formula on you for the hook in this video and if you're still watching that proves it worked let me show you exactly what I did so I started off by saying this today we're talking about hooks if you want your videos to perform better you have to make better hooks so right away this was me giving context on exactly what the video is about hooks but also creating common ground and getting you to lean in around the benefit of making better videos If you figure out how to make better hooks this started building the Curiosity Loop in your mind now if you watch just those two sentences and you don't really care about making videos or making content then that didn't really apply to you and you've probably bounced anyway but if you're at this point right now I guarantee it's because you're trying to figure out how to make videos to perform better so this built common ground with you which is my target viewer okay so that's step one so context about the video and I got you leaning in so now what's next the next thing I said was this but here's the thing I'm not going to give you a list of 25 proven viral hooks cuz that's not what you need this is the scroll stop interjection the stop sign the red light the stun gun and this stops you in your tracks because I'm reiterating what you've ially heard in the past typically you see creators talk about the list of the 40 best proven Hooks and then they give you the list but you know this isn't the answer I know that's not the answer so I'm using that embedded belief in your head that you know it's not the answer to stun you into waiting to see what comes next this is just the setup line to give the contrarian Snapback but it works especially well here because you and I both know that conventional wisdom doesn't work and so I'm playing on that embedded subconscious belief okay so so far you've stopped the car and you've exited off the highway now how do I get you to turn around that is step three so what did I do next this is the last thing I said what you need is to own stuff and this is the contrarian Snapback because most people have heard the word psychology whether you study psychology or not you've heard the word psychology and you have a suspicion as I delivered it that that actually would result in some surprise or secret information that's way deeper than the conventional wisdom you hear that and you believe that to be true so I've snapped you back off the conventional wisdom back to this psychology frame which is what I'm talking about so when I say hey if you want to achieve X don't do y do Z and if you want to achieve X you're going to listen it works every time the key though is that you need Z to actually be compelling which in this case I think it is this is actually the formula I use and I know it's proven to work if you just do this game but then you don't actually have anything at the end of the rainbow people would just churn and you're a fraud so this formula Works in all types of videos it's not just short form long form and it works everywhere else anytime of content in conversation in life this is BAS psychology 101 context lean scroll stop interjection contrarian Snapback now implementing this in every different video and every different use case that's what takes reps in practice that is not easy and because it's so hard I'm actually building a software that's going to do all this for you automatically not just the hooks but the entire script you'll just put in the topic and I will take all the content Frameworks and psychology baselines that I understand and we'll just write the script and the hook for you to make the video compelling 60 Minutes of script writing work distill down into 60 seconds that's what we're going for it's called sand castles now we haven't launched it yet it's coming soon the beta is going to drop soon we have a massive weight list make sure you're on that weight list because we're going to have a launch price that's going to be lower than we ever offer and anyone on that weight list is going to get it so sand castle. we're going to help with all this automated script writing and hooking all right so now that we walk through the base psychology and the formula which is really important to cover up first let me go through some extra things that will really help you sauce up your hooks on top of that Foundation cuz I promised six and that formula was technically one so here's the other five all right the second thing is visual hooks I say this a lot but visual hooks are so so so critical in the video I cannot overstate the importance visual hooks are probably 100 times more powerful than just spoken word Hooks and it's because people read faster than they can hear or that they can visually comprehend a full video scene I've said this on many other videos but if you just put title text your videos will do so much better so Step One is put three to five words on the screen in a big bold font that helps build that context lean if you can speak it in one to two sentences can you write three to five words and distill that message down a good example of this is in my video about life siiz floor plans this video got like 15 million views check this out these are called life-size floor plans I use the text future of Home Design and life-sized floor plans with arrows to quickly establish the context and I used future of Home Designs instead of Life-Size floor plans at the beginning because lify floor plans is kind of the name of the thing and I didn't want to risk misunderstanding that is how critical and in detail I get get with these visual hooks that's how important they are now the second piece of the visual Hook is the visual itself you want the most compelling visual possible with enough motion to hold their attention it's like when a deer sees something out of the corner of their eye in their Woods they're going to stop and they're going to look and they're going to see it you want that same effect with your visual too much motion and you're going to overwhelm them and it'll miss the context too little motion and you're going to bore them and they may churn you need just enough motion sometimes this motion could be a girl in a get ready with me putting their hair up kind of leaning forward and leaning back that sometimes is just enough motion to stun the viewer into holding and watching for more this famous Colin and Samir video about the Rayband metas this has 60 million views the reason this went so viral in my opinion is because the initial clip has the perfect amount of Rapid motion and then him in the mirror that motion holds and allows them to talk about the point which eventually convinces them that the ray band metas are cool so motion is so critical in the visual hook the combo of text on screen plus the motion in the video plus the spoken word that combo is way more power F than just a spoken word now the third and fourth tips are about helping you build that common ground that I talked about in the context lean the third piece is also based psychology it's that people like hearing things that they're already interested in but they're open to hearing New Perspectives on it if they think that New Perspective will unlock a benefit or solve a pain point that they have in the category so if you make a video about magnesium as a supplement an average way to write that hook would be something like you should be taking magnesium because it's one of 21 core building block minerals it's kind of decent but it requires a previous understanding about magnesium and doesn't really talk about a benefit or pain point a better context lean here would be something like if you want better sleep you need to be taking magnesium this leads with the benefit of talking about better sleep and then introduces magnesium as a potential solve even if someone is against supplements or against magnesium they will likely wait and hear you out because their desire to solve the pain of not sleeping well is so strong when you're riding hooks you always want to think about what the benefit fit or paino solve is to the Target viewer and then work that in if you can all right now the fourth piece to building the common ground is cult hopping and I've talked about this before when people hear something that they've heard before it unlocks a comfort in their subconscious and the opposite is true it sounds weird but if you hear a bunch of stuff You' never heard before you start to feel dumb and you don't like that feeling so you bounce away this is why if you tried to listen to an advanced physics lecture and you've never taken a physics class you would likely feel super dumb and not want to listen to it so when you're making videos about com complex or Niche topics you need to find a way to wrap the unknown idea in something that is known some common layer and one way to do this is what I call cult hopping this is taking a known brand or a celebrity or a movement or some cultural reference and using it as a metaphor or a comparison around your point for example if you make videos about complex tax planning maybe you talk about how Taylor Swift's financial advisor would plan her estate around the arist Tor earnings she just made or maybe you just reference her in a group of celebrities when you talk about the elite level of wealth that you serve using these references is a really easy way to establish that common ground and it's subconscious but it creates comfort for the viewer and you don't need to make your full piece of content around that celebrity or brand but this will help you draft off The credibility and the popularity of something that already exists when you're still smaller and growing all right tip number five is to compress speed to value and this is a say I use a lot especially when I'm talking about short form video when you make a piece of content you should feel like you have a timer Counting down in your head before that content explodes and no one pays attention to it for short form that timer is about 4 seconds for YouTube videos that timer is maybe 1 to 2 minutes so you need to find a way to compress the time to demonstrate initial value to before that explosion line and that applies to both educational and entertainment content the best way to do this is to give a little hit of value right at the front either in the hook or right after the hook because you don't want to bury your best stuff think of it like this anything you make after they click off might as well be a black screen cuz they're not going to see it you should frontload the value as much as possible you're not going for full completion your super fans will watch the full video you want to frontload the value as much as possible to eek out an extra 30 seconds at a time now I find that as long as that first hit of value is unique and helpful they will typically stay around long enough to give you a chance to show your second hit of value that same logic that we apply with a curiosity Loop should apply to this value Loop give context immediate value give context immediate value frontload that as much as possible ideally you can inject that first hit of value within the hook that's when you're really masterful but if you can't do it in the hook do it right after the hook to keep them all right now the sixth super tactical tip is to make your hook sentences staccato and if you don't know what staccato means staccato is a type of note in music that is short T that's staccato now I talked about in my storytelling video which I'll link at the end of this how it's good to vary the length of your sentences to create a diverse Rhythm and that is true for the whole video but for the hook up front you want to compress short sentences as much as you can and the reason why you do this is because shorter sentences force you to achieve Max Clarity it increases the density of value per word at the beginning and when time is at a premium at the beginning of the video you want to increase density value per word as much as you can go shorter initially and then expand to medium and longer as the video extends all right as you can tell a lot of this is just getting the Reps in and continuing to iterate and learn how to do this make this subconscious there are dozens of other tips that I didn't have time for in this video that I also try to infuse as well it's all about the Reps now this takes time I've spent thousands of hours doing this myself what you really need are reps and then guidance from somebody who has more reps than you and this is the type of thing that I help people with in short form Academy right now the academy is closed but make sure if this is the thing you need help with and you're interested in be on the wait list short form. Academy we'll let you know first when we reopen and also guys check out all the free resources that I have in the description I'm not lying when I say this I put almost all of my best stuff out for free it's all in the description you just have to click subscribe and I will send the stuff to you so make sure to check that out if you're you're struggling make sure you're on the wait list for sand castles and we'll see you guys on the next video peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [41 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @ben10foster-i2d [1 likes]: Great video, the Instagram growth tips were explained clearly and felt easy to apply 👍
  3. @ghoulstuffs [1 likes]: This is the best video on hooks on YouTube 🔥
  4. @rippleapp: w contnet
  5. @TeaOnRails: Really helpful video, explained simply and kept it easy to follow
  6. @parthbedii: Really insightful video, the YouTube growth tips were clear, practical, and easy to understand 👍
  7. @Blake700-q3c: Nice video, the Instagram growth tips were simple, clear, and genuinely useful 👍
  8. @sualk-elber: you talking to long time without a result. On 6:14 you said against to talking about Hooks. I stopped and quit.
  9. @Elliraus: I just want to show what i tattoo ("tattoo with me" format) but i don't know what hook I should do
  10. @VfxBlender: sand castle says 5 dollar risk free but your description says try free. Kinda of misleading
  11. @1chinthu: Hi https://www.youtube.com/@FLOWJOY2i2
  12. @وكفى_بالله_وكيلاً_8: نريد دبلجة الفيديو الى اللغة العربية
  13. @loronlavoie5890: If your content is compelling and it fulfills you, you wont have to do fuckk all to promote it. iMo
  14. @josephthomas2226: Also brilliant that you create scarcity. When you say that your class is closed knowing that you want to have more people and makes people want it more.
  15. @kevinloganjr2280: Had me till he said that dumbass software that will make you sound slime everyone else. 

And GONE!
  16. @jawadbadaoui4258: But how does that work for a vlogging hook
  17. @healingheartnetwork2237: Great video thank you!!!
  18. @brieflyobsessed: Interested in that software!
  19. @Kumarkivani: bc I often skip the into part... to see the main content
  20. @Jeenconcepts: I recommend movies and struggle with hooks. I need help!

- Give me 15 mins, and I'll make your hooks impossible to skip: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about hooks. If you want your videos to perform better, you need to focus on leveling up your hooks. Now look, I've studied literally thousands of videos. And it turns out if your hooks are not working, there's only four mistakes you could be making. If you solve for these, your views will skyrocket immediately. So, in this video, I'm going to break all four of them down. These are the four hook mistakes holding back your videos with tactical examples and tips for how to fix each of them. By the way, I'm Callaway. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views. and content is all I do all day long. All right, now before I walk through the four main mistakes you're making with your hooks, let's just quickly talk about what a winning hook actually looks like. Understanding this one thing will help you a ton. Hooks really only have one job, to help a viewer decide to opt in and continue watching the video. The hook needs to stop the scroll and get the viewer to stay put. It's very simple. Now, in order to get the viewer to opt in and stay put, the hook only has to give them two things: topic clarity and ontarget curiosity. Topic clarity means the viewer has a crystal clear understanding of what the video is going to be about. And on target curiosity means that they believe the topic is for them. The video will give them some value and they have general curiosity on what comes next. So all the hook needs to do is drive those two points home. If you do this these two things, you win. I guarantee the viewer will be hooked. Now, of course, the million-dollar question is this. How do I make sure that every time I make a hook, the viewer gets those two things, topic clarity and ontarget curiosity? And this really is where the four horsemen hook mistakes come in. The reason bad hooks flop and don't deliver those two things is because you're making one or more of these four mistakes. If you fix all four of these, you'll be good to go. All right, the first hook mistake is called delay. And the good news is this one is the easiest one to fix. When I say delay, what I mean is that the context on what the video is going to be about is delayed too long in the video. If you were to visualize a script, let's say it has 13 lines and the third line is the first time you introduce the topic. This is delay because those first two lines are fluff and unnecessary details. You need to cut those first two lines, move the third line up to the top so your topic introduction can happen in the first 1 to 2 seconds. I often refer to this concept as speed to value. You want to increase the speed that the viewer can get to clarity or get to value. Here's an example of what bad delay looks like. Let's say you start your video with something like this. Guys, this is one of the craziest things I've ever seen. And when you see it, you're never going to believe it. That is an example of a legit hook that many people try to use when they're beginners. Now, in theory, this kind of sounds like it might be a good hook because it's building suspense and curiosity about what that thing is. You might hear that and wonder, "What did the creator see? I have to stick around to find out." But the problem with that sentence and generally hooks like this is that it gives me as the viewer zero context on what is coming next. A crazy thing you saw could be literally anything. So, if I have to decide with my time if I want to keep watching, I'm now unable to do it after just that sentence because I don't have the context. The typical chart for short form video retention looks like this. It's exponential decay. You see how steep those first two seconds are going down? That viewership falls off like a cliff. Every second you go without telling somebody what the video is about, so they have the information to decide to opt in, a large portion of your viewers are bouncing. Now, certain creators with these vague hooks are able to get some people to stay. If you look on Tik Tok specifically, it feels like these type of vague open-ended hooks work a lot. But the people that are staying are only staying because of how the creator looks, the emotion on the creator's face, or the text hook that they're putting on the screen. The spoken words actually add zero value to getting them to stay. So, it's not that these types of open-ended vague hooks can't ever work, it's just that they work way less often. So, to recap, hook problem number one is delay. And the fix is to stop delaying the introduction and the clarity of the context on the video. Use that first sentence in as few words as possible to give the context that the viewer needs to have to decide whether or not to opt in. An example of good rapid context would be something like this. Here are three simple ways to improve your gut health or if you have gut issues, these three remedies will help you immediately. If you get those hooks right away as the viewer, I know exactly what these videos are going to be about. Gut health and herbal remedies that can help me solve it. There is zero delay in the context and so I can opt in as soon as possible. All right, hook problem and mistake number two is confusion. And when I say confusion, what I really mean is comprehension loss. So, in this case, the viewer is just not understanding or comprehending what you're saying. At this point, you've eliminated the delay, which is good, but the words you're using or the phrasing of those sentences is just not clear and it's confusing the viewer. So, the problem here is really just a lack of clarity in your words. And the reason this is a problem is again, if the viewer can't assess if this video is actually for them because they're only understanding like half the words you say, then they have trouble deciding whether or not to opt in. Here's an example to illustrate exactly what I mean by lack of clarity and confusion. Imagine I started a hook like this. These guys built a $30 million empire and the online money they made is most difficult to earn if you don't develop a journaling practice like they did. And this is a bit exaggerated obviously. Few people actually talk like that, but you get the point of how difficult and confusing it was to actually parse through what I was trying to say. If you hear just that, you can kind of gather the video is going to be about an online business and maybe something to do with journaling, but you're really struggling to put the pieces together clearly because of the way I framed the sentence. And this is a classic clarity issue. Instead, for that exact same idea, you could write the hook like this. These guys built a $30 million empire and their secret for earning money online was their insane journaling practice. See how just changing the words slightly and the way the sentence is ordered makes it way easier to understand what I'm saying. Essentially, you as the viewer are able to absorb more of the words. Your hit rate for comprehension goes up and then confusion goes down. Now, the tactics for how to improve clarity is really about becoming a better writer. You want to use fewer words, but enough that the viewer can't misunderstand you. You want to use simpler words, ideally at a sixth grade reading level. And you want to use direct active voice instead of passive voice on the sentences so they're easier to understand. The dog jumped verse the jump of the dog. Here are two quick tips for immediately improving hook clarity and reducing confusion. For the first tip, you could just take the hook you've written and drop it into chatbt or claude with this prompt. I've written a hook for a short form video about X topic. I need help increasing the clarity and the framing of the sentences I used. I want the meaning to be the exact same, but can you rewrite this in a sixth grade reading level so that there's no misunderstanding from the viewer? This prompt will automatically remix and rewrite the hook for you. You could also just use sandcastle.ai, which is my AI scriptw writing tool. You just put the topic in and we'll write it for you in a very clear way. All right, the last tip for clarity proofing your hooks would be to do this. When you read just the hook, those one to two sentences in isolation without anything else. Ask yourself this question. Is it possible for the viewer to misunderstand what I'm saying in the wrong way? Is there more than one way these sentences could be interpreted? If so, rewrite the hook so that you eliminate those alternative understanding paths so there's only the one that you want. All right. Now, before I go on to the last two hook mistakes, and these ones really are the biggest, I just want to mention something. I think becoming a master at hooks is the single biggest lever you can pull if you're trying to get your content to perform better. Hooks are the 80 of the 8020 in the content flow. Now, if you want to become god tier at hooks and just write bangers every single time without thinking about it, I just filmed the most comprehensive training on short form hooks ever created. So, if you make Instagram reels, Tik Toks, LinkedIn shorts, YouTube shorts, this will feel like a cheat code for you. What I'm covering in this video right now, it's like 1 to 2% of the full hook playbook that I give in this training. In that training, I covered these things in depth. One, hook psychology. How do hooks actually work under the surface and manipulate viewers' brains? Two, what is my 10-minute cheat code hook framework? Literally a checklist that you can follow every single time you're going to write a hook that works without fail. And three, what are examples of good and bad hooks from 11 different categories and niches, breaking them down, analyzing why the good ones are good and why the bad ones are bad? I also built a full hooks database with over 400 different videos, deep tagging across hook format, strategy, visuals, text, audio, all the components. And I built a system for analyzing that database and then coming up with new hooks for yourself. I literally went out, found the best creators in every niche, extracted their top videos, analyzed their hooks, and then created frameworks and patterns in that database. I also in this training teach the full research method that I use to go look at other videos, extract their hooks. How do I actually do that? How do you find the top videos? I teach that whole thing. Like I said, my goal was to make this the undisputed god tier short form hooks resource. So, if you like the videos on my channel and most importantly the way I break things down and explain things, this training will be the best way to go from zero to 100 on short form hooks, you watch this and you'll be set. You can access it at the link here or in the description. All right, hook problem number three is irrelevance. And at this point, so far you have solved for the first two. So, you've eliminated delay and you've maximized the clarity, getting rid of the confusion so the viewer knows exactly what the video is going to be about. Problem number three, irrelevance means that the viewer is not confident that what's coming next in the video after the hook is going to be valuable enough to help them solve a problem. So, they know what the video is about, but they're unclear if it's relevant for them. Now, there are two easy ways to solve this problem. The first way is to say the word you or your instead of the words me or I when you're delivering the hook. Most people think you should make hooks like this. I've struggled with skin problems my whole life. The problem is this opens a door in the viewer's mind to question if they see themselves in the creator because they're thinking this, well, if you struggle with these problems, do I also struggle with the same problems you do? That's what they're questioning in their mind. If the viewer doesn't see themsel in the creator for a number of different reasons, they're going to put less value in the incoming solution, and they'll stop watching. This is the irrelevance problem. The viewer doesn't feel like what's coming next will be relevant for them. So, to solve this problem, all you have to do is frame your hooks using you and your. So instead of saying, "I've struggled with skin problems my whole life," you say, "If you've struggled with skin problems your whole life," dot dot dot. When you do this, the viewer feels like the video is targeted for them. There's no possible question or misunderstanding because you're saying it's for you for your problems. And this makes the viewer hold on longer for the hook. Now, the second way to solve for the relevance problem is to frame your hooks around expected value. There are two types of videos: entertainment and education. Both of these offer solutions to a painoint. That solution is value. Entertainment offers a solve for boredom. Education offers a solve for a specific problem. If you want your hook to feel more relevant for your viewer, all you have to do is agitate a painoint that they already have so that you can tee up a solution that is for them. For example, can you tell the difference between these two hooks? The first one is these are three common trends in skincare. And the second one is if you struggle with acne, try these three things. Learning about trends in skincare is a nice to have. Solving my acne problem is a need to have. So, if you frame the hook around a known painoint and you deliver it using you and your instead of me and my, the video will seem more targeted for the viewer and it will hook them more. Okay, the last hook problem number four is disinterest. And this is the one that most people fixate on the most. At this point, the viewer is clear on the topic, believes there is some relevance or value incoming for them, but the hook still just doesn't grab them enough. This is the curiosity problem. The hook just doesn't make the viewer curious enough to want to keep watching. So, what you want to do in the hook to solve the disinterest problem is build a curiosity loop. And everybody talks about curiosity loop, but nobody ever explains what it is. A curiosity loop is when the viewer sees something, asks a hypothetical question in their mind, gets some additional context to answer it, but that spurs a new question, more context, new question, more context, and so on. They keep opening loops throughout the entire video. That's what a curiosity loop really is. So, your job in the hook is to open that initial curiosity loop and start the spiral. What is that initial question that the viewer has where they can't look away? They just have to wait for more context to answer it. So, the $10 million content question really is this. How do you always drive curiosity and build that curiosity loop every single time, no matter what type of video you're making? And the way you do this is by setting up contrast or comparison in the hook. Contrast is simply the distance between the current common belief of the viewer and some contrarian or alternative perspective that you offer. So, for example, if I say in the hook, this one trick will clear up all your acne in 45 minutes without any side effects. What I'm really doing is creating a comparison in your mind to the current baseline. You got to wait 6 months, take Accutane, go through all these side effects versus my contrarian offer, 45 minutes, no side effects, quick solve. That distance is contrast. What happens when you do this in the viewer subconscious is that when you frame a comparison, A something they know and B something they don't, B triggers the sticky pain point they have from A not solving their pain. And so essentially that comparison acts as a reagitator of that painoint which gets them curious because they want to solve it. To simplify all this, if you're not following what I'm saying, it's A versus B. A is what they already believe. B is some alternative that you're suggesting that makes their pain point solved faster, better, or cheaper. Now, getting good at learning how to create this contrast with words is really the secret to driving curiosity whenever you want. It's honestly the secret to storytelling at a macro level. Now, I'm not going to go too deep into exactly how to build this contrast and curiosity because it really does differ for every scenario. But what I will say is this, there are two types of contrast. Implied contrast and stated contrast. Stated contrast is when you share verbally both A and B explicitly. So, for example, saying something like this, "Most people solve their acne with Accutane, but I have an herbal remedy that does it three times faster." You're stating Accutane verse herbal remedy, so it's impossible to miss what that contrast is. The other type of contrast, which is way more subtle, is implied. And in this case, you say what the contrarian alternative is, but you don't reference the base because it's implied. People know what the base solution is. So for example, if I say if you want to solve your acne, this herbal supplement is eight times more effective. If the common viewer already knows what the baseline solutions are, nothing, Accutane, whatever they are, then you don't need to say it again because it's implied what their baseline understanding is. Essentially, it's your contrarian take versus the field of all other options. So you really have two options to create the contrast. You can go stated, which is way more blunt, A versus B, impossible to misunderstand, or you can go implied, which is a little bit more savvy and you don't really call it out specifically. Now, tactically, when you're writing hooks, typically the topic clarity comes in the first sentence, and then you set up that contrast in the following one to two sentences. This is why I consider hooks to really be like two to three lines. They're not always just a single punchy line. Sometimes you can achieve the clarity and the contrast all together in one line. And if you can, those are the easiest hooks that you can reuse. Again, if you want the full master class on how to do this tactically, and you want a bunch of examples of good and bad across every niche, and you also want a checklist to just follow every time you make hooks, I have that all in the hooks master class. It's linked below. All right, guys. That is all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered the four main hook mistakes that you're making that are preventing your videos from outperforming. Those mistakes are delay, confusion, irrelevance, and disinterest. As always, please leave a comment below if you like this video, and just in general for feedback. I'm always reading the comments, trying to take those and improve. So, if this gave you value and you liked it or didn't like it, please leave a comment and let me know. And remember guys, there is a ton of free stuff in the description. I'm literally just giving away the answers for content. Please check the description. If you're struggling with any of these pain points, there's always something in the description to help you. And lastly, one more thing. If you're a business owner and you really want help improving your content, I created a free community of only entrepreneurs and creators. There's over 22,000 people in there that are all helping each other get better. There's a bunch of free trainings. It's called Wavy World. I got a free invite for you in the description if you want to join that. It's the easiest way to get started. All right, with that, we will see you guys on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [65 likes]: For everyone trying to purchase the Hooks Masterclass recording. This is the original registration page: https://lu.ma/sfa-hooks The first sentence under "About Event" is a link to purchase the recording.

Here is the direct link to purchase the recording: https://buy.stripe.com/5kQ8wP3xYdRq5fW4tK6wE08
  2. @Skeptgeo3 [1 likes]: Bro. Your video is a sensory nuke. No thanks
  3. @jiluna: Vous dites avoir 1 millions d abonnés mais c est pas le cas sur Youtube.
  4. @SzDigitalProvider: Good storytelling for creator
  5. @kellyhowardinfo: Quick note - the master class link is going to a closed class
  6. @noobsenpai95: I thought the video is playing in 2x
  7. @DellanoStory: Thank you  for the info
  8. @yamatosan565: calm down bro and breath after a sentence
  9. @CosmicCoE: this is hard man😮‍💨😕
  10. @rupali2403: Thankyou so much🙏
  11. @ViralClipzEditz: this really helped me as a beginner, thank you!
  12. @UnwelcomedTV: Bro what should I do if i'm always stuck in the 1k view jail? My views stops growing after 30min - 1hr in 1k views. Should I js continue on improving my hooks and watch retention?
  13. @InsightInterludes: Chatgpt
  14. @muallaozdemir1012: I'm getting so much sauce for free, it feels illegal.
  15. @bigmtnman2012: Is it just me or when he said don’t delay with unwanted fluff. Then he said he has over a million followers. When you can plainly see he has 386k in subs. He has got good ideas but Am i the only one that caught this
  16. @Reminder_reminder123: That is insanely useful! Very clear! and good luck to every creators!!
  17. @ALLFITARENA: Hit more on the irrelevant. Thank you
  18. @Hookshare: Brilliant breakdown. The point about treating the first second as an audition is bang on — most creators write the hook they hope works and post it. The ones who consistently win are the ones who treat every hook as a hypothesis to test. Saving this one.
  19. @massimo.trades: Thx for your advices 🤍
  20. @ShawnWic: Bro the hands is crazy work 🧐 who’s your leader??

- How to Analyze Facebook Ads Data the Right Way (The 2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en analyzing meta ads data is well complicated in fact in 2025 many advertisers are still focusing on the wrong metrics like clickthrough rate CPM or CPC so in this video I'm going to show you exactly how to analyze Facebook ads data the right way from the beginner to expert level this way you can scale smarter and not waste your money so if you ever felt like you were missing something critical when analyzing your ad campaigns this video is for you here's our agenda here's everything that we're going to go through today first my 2025 updated column setup in ads manager and then we're going to go over the tools I use to make data different decisions like motion and triple wh then we're going to explore some Advanced Data this is actually the data that I find nearly all advertisers even experts tend to miss out on one last thing I also have a free creative reporting checklist that you guys can download in the link in the description bar below but more on that in a bit so these right here are all of the metrics that I'm going to be tracking inside of ads manager and here's exactly what it looks like so first you're going to see we have the delivery column set up this campaign ran a few months ago so the campaign is off and we also have the bid strategy and attribution setting right here now if you guys have any questions about the different types of bidding strategies or even the different types of attribution settings please let me know in the comments I'm more than happy to jam on that there or even make future videos about it but if you're just starting off I would highly suggest for your bidding strategy to do highest volume and for your attribution setting to have 7day click and one day VI and essentially what bid strategy means is this algorithm is going to go after the highest volume of conversions there's going to be a few different ones but that's definitely the one that you're going to want to start off with if you are just beginning an attribution setting is essentially saying hey if someone clicks on your ad within a 7-Day period or views it within 24 hours one day then that means that that specific ad or Campaign Will then have that purchase attributed to that specific ad now once we scroll over here we can see budget this is an ASC Campaign which is why we have adset and this is a $700 daily budget now if you're just starting off you're not going to have budgets that high of course um I would suggest starting off with at least $100 especially if you're doing an ASC campaign but now let's get to the data let's get to the good stuff now you can see here we have amount spent purchases cost per purchase and Ras now these four metrics are essentially going to show you if your campaign is working and specifically what is working everything else is going to tell you why now when I'm looking at data and ads manager I actually like to sort from highest to lowest so that I can prioritize what's working the best or at least what's getting the most most amount of spend because if something isn't working but it's getting a ton of spend that's obviously something I'm going to want to optimize and turn off next we're going to have purchases now your purchases or your cost per purchase could also be substituted for lead or cost per lead but since most of my brands are in Ecommerce and they're going after purchases that's why I have that as the primary kpi and your cost per purchase is essentially going to be how much does it cost to acquire a customer on that ad your rowad self-explanatory is your return on ad spend so for every $1 that you put into this campaign or to this ad how many dollars are you then getting back from those customers now again these four metrics are going to be your primary kpis they're going to guide everything now the next five metrics are actually going to tell you about the people you are reaching so we have frequency this specific metric is going to show you how many times on average people are seeing your ads now this was looking at the data over a one- Monon period and we were actually reaching quite a few new people with this specific campaign I actually tend to get a little worried if I see frequency numbers above five across the last s days or the last few weeks cuz this might tell me that we are starting to hit a lot of retargeting audiences so if you see those higher frequencies it might be a sign Des that your creatives are targeting the same people over and over again or your campaign is now your reach is going to show you that individual people that saw your ad whereas The Impressions is actually going to show the number of times that your ads were shown sometimes to the same people which is why I really like looking at the frequency number two because I always want to make sure that my ads are reaching new people and not just hitting the same people over and over again and then we have of course cost per reach and CPM now I'd say that CPM is probably going to be a lot more important than cost per reach but CPM is actually the number that I find a lot more advertisers talk about and this is essentially the cost per 1,000 Impressions now I know that you're probably looking at this CPM number and you're like oh mine are you know maybe a lot higher maybe a lot lower what is the average CPM and the truth is is that your CPM is highly dependent on your industry right and sometimes even specifically your product if you're curious about benchmarking data and where you should be falling for your specific product or demographic or location varos is the tool that I use to make sure that my brands are within the Benchmark essentially and then the next six metrics that I really like looking at here are your unique outbound click-through rate now this is essentially just a click-through rate but I like looking at unique outbound because this is the one that actually looks at how many individual users are clicking through in actually going through to your landing page if you look at just the average click-through metric you are actually looking at people who click on your ad go nowhere click on your ad and end up going to the profile or click on your ad and don't actually make it to the landing page this is the purest click-through rate which is why I really like to follow this one and again if you're looking for that type of benchmarking data to know what is a good click-through rate that's something that varos can really help out with and then I have CPC now there isn't a CPC for Unique outbound click through rate essentially so I look at the next best one which is cost per link click which is just essentially going to tell me hey for someone to click on the link that goes to the landing page what's the average cost of getting someone to click on that link then after that we're going to have the hook rate now this is actually something that is not already inside of ads manager you actually have to add this as a custom metric I am going to show you the exact formula for that later on in this video but essentially What The Hook rate shows us is hey when looking at video creative only what percentage of people actually watched the first three seconds of that video now this can really help show if you are targeting the right people by using the right type of messaging and creative and visuals inside of the first 3 seconds of your video ads so we can see here that we actually have a few differences right and of course we don't have data for this top one because that was actually an image ad there is no equivalent unfortunately for a hook rate or a hold rate for image ads the only thing that we have really is click-through rate and your click-through rate isn't always going to be an amazing indicator of great performing creative because now that the targeting on meta ads is primarily Broad sometimes you were going to see lower clickthrough rates because we were just hitting a much broader audience instead of the more concentrated audiences where we would see those more inflated clickthrough rates so your whole rate is similar to your hook rate and it's going to tell you one of two things it's either going to tell you the percentage of people who watch the first 15 seconds of your ad or if your ad is under 15 seconds long it's going to show you what percentage of people actually just watched the entire thing now I like being able to look at hold rate and then also cross analyzing that with the video average play time because often times that I will find that if we just look at one or the other if you have really long video ad creatives like you have you know maybe ones that are a minute or a minute and a half versus ones that are 30 seconds sometimes your average video play time will look a lot longer I find that it's a much purer metric because we're really able to zero in in on ad creative that retained people past 3 seconds instead of just looking at that average video play time which again can be conflated now the last metric that I really like to look at is post shares which just essentially says hey how many times was this ad shared organically now the reason why I like to track this is because on the organic social media side meta has actually said multiple times that the number one metric that they have for success is sharable content so how many people are sharing that piece of content to stories or even sharing that in the DMS so that's something I also really like to track on the ad buying side and that's my dashboard setup I really like to keep this as simple as possible I really just want to look at the metrics that are most important to number one being able to determine what is working and two why potentially it is working but more on that in a bit so I'm going to be honest I actually do a lot of my analysis inside of motion MO is the creative strategy tool it's what I use to analyze all of my creatives and honestly build reporting that helps me get my Brands to the next level in fact there's a brand that I work with that spends millions of dollars per month on meta ads and we have several creative team members and departments and so many moving pieces and motion has really been imperative to our success and sharing data that actually moves the needle for instance every single week I look at this report that shows me the top top performing creatives for the week automatically this is something that I also share with the broader team now I am going to spend the next few sections of this video inside of ads manager but if you want to take a look at the advanced reports that I'm using inside of motion be sure to skip to this part of the video it's really advanced stuff and worth even beginners looking at okay let's get into it how to analyze data inside of ads manager now step number one is actually a mind shift change that I need everyone to get on the same page for so a mistake I often see is that people try to optimize and analyze at the same time but really the analysis needs to be done first before you start tweaking things so take a deep breath and focus on one thing at a time and I'm going to simplify this especially for the beginners when you are looking at all of this data inside of your ads manager you are actually only trying to answer two questions number one what is working what is working inside of your ad account what creatives are working what campaigns are working what's working and number two a little bit more complicated but why is it working these two questions and the answer for these two questions will ultimately guide every single thing that you do inside of ads manager and that brings us to step number two which is going to be analyzing your primary metrics versus your storytelling metrics so all of your metrics are going to fall into one of these two categories now your primary metrics are are going to tell you what is working and these are the only metrics that you should be using to optimize your account so these primary metrics are going to be things like your amount spend your purchases your cost per purchase and even your Ras and if you're doing lead generation of course then you are going to swap those results around for cost per lead or number of leads now these are the only things that you should be using to optimize your account so if you see oh this cost per purchase and these number of purchases are profitable for me I should increase the budget not looking at your secondary metrics now your secondary metrics are going to help illuminate potentially why something is working right so this is going to be your frequency your CPM so all of these metrics potentially could illuminate why potentially an ad creative is working or not working if you have a high CPM potentially that's saying hey this creative is costing too much to deliver which is why ultimately we're not able to get the type of costs that we want right maybe you're saying that your click-through rate is too low and your CPC is too high so people aren't ultimately clicking on that ad to go through to the landing page now what I will say is very often the most important storytelling metrics often comes down to video creative because we have a lot more data when looking at video creative right we're able to see hey how good did this creative do at actually hooking our audience or how good did this video do at maintaining and retaining that viewership and also ultimately on average how long was someone viewing that data so what I will say is video hook and video hold aren't automatically inside of ads manager this is a custom metric that you have to add in but I do have the formula right here for you so that you can add those in and again the the thing that's you know sort of frustrating is this is only going to be available for your video creatives not necessarily your images but I do have more data that we can look at later on in this video that are going to help illuminate a lot more as to why certain creatives worked or didn't work but again this isn't necessarily data that you're going to get inside of ader but more on that in a bit so let's put all this data into action right and analyze a campaign that I worked on a few months ago okay this is an ASC campaign that we ran a number of months ago and I do want to point out actually I've seen a lot more success with ASC campaigns in the recent months if you have a lot more ad creative inside of them I've actually heard that the minimum number you should have in an ASC campaign for Optimal Performance is 20 so something to consider there now when I'm going into ads manager and I'm going to start analyzing things the first thing I like to do is actually sort highest to least amount spent so that I can really prioritize what is getting the most amount of spent and for this specific ad campaign we can actually see wow there is something that is very very clearly winning but let's take a step back for a second right let's first look at this ad campaign as a whole and this is something that you can do as well looking for the account level right so we can see that the amount spent was about 11k 525 website purchases 21.9 cost per purchase so that's how much it was costing for us to acquire a customer and 525 purchases overall with a average row as of a 2.77 and for this specific brand just looking at these internal ads manager metrics this was actually doing really really well for us so just looking at those metrics alone I would say hey this definitely qualifies for us to increase spend on this you know if we have already been increasing this steadily over the last 2 to three days by 20% maybe we can try increasing it even a little bit more but overall this campaign is working out pretty fabulously but most of it is being attributed to one ad right so we want to zero in on this specific ad and really get to the heart of why this is working right so we can see that this has spent well and llarge the bulk of the spend right so that's going to be about 75% we have a really strong cost per purchase of about $21.50 and the purchase throw as is also within our Striking Distance we really want to see and scale anything above a two when looking at internal metrics now let's try and understand the story of potentially why this is working right we see the outbound clickthrough weight which honestly is pretty average for the account so there's not something super spectacular with the specific clickthrough rate sometimes I will see oh a specific ad creative is working really well because it has a high click-through rate but to be honest click-through rate isn't always a reliable metric to gauge performance on because a lot of times the audiences that your campaign or even just specific ad is targeting can be really broad so sometimes a low clickthrough rate is actually not a bad indicator of it being successful or not successful it could actually just be speaking directly to the right people and getting them to act instead of everyone else to act right and yeah when we're looking at the specific campaign this specific ad creative has definitely inflated the average but actually what we had saw in the ad account previously was the average hook rate was around 30% and the average hold rate was anywhere from 7 to 8 so this was almost double that which is an indicator of a really really strong creative now the real heart of why a specific ad creative performed or didn't perform that type of insight generally isn't in the data itself it's going to be in the ad creative right it's going to be in the messaging in the type of visuals and even the format that you're using now a question that I often get with people who are new to meta ads is they will look at ad creatives like these three right here that have better cost per purchases and even higher row ases and they'll ask me Dar why isn't meta putting more spend to these more profitable ads now this is actually something that meta has written about multiple times in the past called the breakdown effect now essentially what this means is that meta has determined through its algorithm that if it would push more spend to these specific ads that it actually wouldn't be as profitable sometimes media buyers trust this sometimes they don't to be honest I've tested it multiple times for myself in the past by trying to throttle more spend to these ad creatives and typically they don't perform as well for whatever reason meta has really determined that the actual winner for this specific campaign is this one so really it's going to be better for you to analyze what is happening at the ad creative level versus what is happening at these and what I will say what was interesting about our top performer is it was a pure educational play and it was actually just giving information about the specific product now my guidance for you is to not dwell a ton on what's working and why isn't it working I would actually suggest hey focus more on trends that you're noticing in your ad account specific m messaging and visuals and even ad formats that really seem to be moving the needle for you and figure that out and double down and pressure test those theories on things that seem to be working you don't need to know exactly why every single ad creative didn't work especially in the early days next up let's talk about using first party data right so your triple wh your North beams and Beyond so a question that I very often get is okay do I need triple wh do I need northbeam in order to advertise on meta ads and the simple answer is no but there are times that it's really worth it in fact a brand that I work with does use triple will to help optimize their campaigns I'm going to explain how they do that in a bit so ultimately my take on this is first party data tools like triple whale and northbeam are really only good for Brands who are starting to scale up quite a bit but to be honest many Brands don't need them at all and if you're just starting off then I absolutely would not recommend it ads manager is going to be sufficient enough for you the question you ultimately have to ask yourself is is attribution actually an issue for you or are you just primarily using meta ads to drive customer acquisition if that's the case then you don't need these tools I don't find that triple whale magically unlocks insights on a creative level unless a brand truly has multiple attribution channels that they're using and by multiple attribution channels I mean like are they investing into TV are they inves ing into podcast or influencer or even Google and I will say yeah with a brand that I work with we do use triple will because we have those multiple channels that we are investing into again though many Brands don't need it as manager alone is often enough to make solid optimization decisions and first- party tools are really only the most valuable when you're managing larger budgets and need Precision across multiple data sources so if you're feeling overwhelmed by the data my advice is to first Master ads manager and then you can begin to layer in tools like triple whale or northbeam when you start to scale up your budgets especially if you are starting to invest in additional channels okay now let's talk about how I am using motion for those bigger creative swings again motion isn't just a creative Analytics tool it's a tool for overall creative strategy it quickly helps me identify what works to spot patterns and iterate effectively and honestly just gives me the confidence that I need to take much bigger Crea swings that ultimately scale so here are a few of my favorite reports like we talked about the top performing creatives report I like to look at this on a weekly level but I'm also looking at it monthly to do those creative Retros with the brands that I work with also if I'm doing individual creative tests for Brands I like to create a motion report just for those individually so I can really zoom in and analyze what's working or not working about a specific creative test I also like to conduct a format analysis where I am looking to see at a high level hey what type of creative diversity does this account have and do we need to potentially invest into more images or more video or even carousels or catalog ads and then of course I like to dive into a more secondary format analysis so sometimes this can be Statics right we want to see what types of creative strategies are really working for Statics specifically if it's more testimonials or US versus them or even before and after or celebrity or Creator Statics same for videos we really want to zoom in and understand hey what types of video ads creative templates or formats are working so that we can easily recreate those especially when we're doing a new product launch or we're trying to make iterations another analysis that I really like to do is looking at agency partners so I work with a really big brand where we are actually managing multiple agency partners so we like to compare across agencies which agencies are actually moving the needle for us and sometimes we'll invest more in the agencies that are doing better for us increase scope increase retainers or even decide hey we want to move on from a certain partner and start investing in someone new we also like to take a look at what types of creators are working the best for us sometimes with certain brands I'll look at you know the celebrity programs and just see what types of celebrities we should reinvest in again or certain influencers or even down to ugc creators this type of comparison analysis is incredibly helpful so that we can look and see hm who should we invest in again or who should we find that is similar to the types of creators that are working for us of course you can make these types of reports inside of ads manager but I find that it is so much easier not only on myself to make these reports automatically in motion but also to share across teams that maybe are a little bit intimidated by ads manager okay now let's dive into some Advanced analytics and what we're actually going to zoom in on is specifically how I am analyzing creative for bigger impact in what I've noticed is that most people actually analyze their creatives the wrong way here's an example of how people will often analyze a creative test for me right so we'll look at something like this and say okay you know what version B was the winner it had a 1.2 row as with a 1.64 clickthrough rate the hook rate was about average at 21% hold rate also was average at a 7.8 so we're ultimately going to do a few more variants of B since that was the winner and they will stop there if you've made an analysis of this I hate to inm you that this is not a real analysis in fact we're missing a lot of data points here that actually make this helpful things like qualitive data and additional data points that are inside and also not inside of ads manager I'm going to break all of those down for you right now now let's zoom in on some of the qualitive data right this is actually going to be some of the qualities about your ad creative that can help provide further analysis so this can be things like formats so for this specific creative right this was a ugc Creator testimonial ad um and there was none of that in the analysis but maybe when we look at other top performers or what else is performing in the ad account maybe that is similar or dissimilar maybe it's an outlier that kind of information is really important to know and to share another piece of data here is the creator so we can think hm is part of the reason why this creative performed down to the Creator in this case yes this was something that we actually saw when working with this Creator multiple times this was absolutely something that impacted the performance so we ended up reinvesting in working with her and again and that's definitely something that you should bring up as a part of your analysis we're also missing an analysis on the messaging which we're going to do in just a second and then of course on the imagery so the imagery and the format are a little bit different um sometimes when I think of the imagery I like to think of the overall production quality um I like to think about also the setting so oh and the specific ad creative she's in her car maybe that's something that's potentially affecting performance we actually have seen that for several brands that I've worked with that being in a different location instead of just inside of your house can actually have a big impact on performance and that's worth noting especially if you have a winning creative now let's talk about this messaging analysis right now when we looked at the other three creatives that were being tested we noticed that oh creative a had more value based messaging right we also had a bit of a competitor comparison going on and it was super numerical super numbers heavy while B ultimately the winner leaned into a bit of negative marketing also was using a really strong trigger word here hate I find that that that word is something that actually tends to um reach out and hook people really well and it was also a question so it feels like you're talking directly to the audience and C was actually using messaging around it being fast and being easy and it was also a lot more problem solution oriented and now it's really interesting too as we're doing this messaging analysis something that I like to think about is huh at what part of the marketing Journey potentially is this ultimately targeting and a part of the analysis we did on this creative after we ran it was oh actually messaging B had the most scalable messaging because it was able to appeal to the widest range of people to more of that problem aware SL unaware segment so you know we did see initially actually a was the one that came out of the gate and was starting to convert a lot more quickly because it was getting more of that low hanging fruit right it was easier to convert down in the funnel But ultimately the one that ended up running and winning for us the longest was the one that had that more scalable messaging so this is advanced stuff right but it is important when you're doing that analysis to understand hm potentially why is this is converting better for my audience is it because it's more scalable potentially additional data you can find inside of ads manager that I find as helpful for analyzing creatives is going to be your breakdown data so this is going to be things like your age your placements and even your gender being able to look at specific creative tests and say ooh was this pulling into a certain age demographic how is that potentially impacting the overall performance maybe if we see oh we find that as specific creative is actually targeting more of the 50 plus range and that's working a lot better for us that might be a sign that we want to develop more creative for that audience or speak more directly to that audience an interesting thing to see too about placements is oh is Instagram or Facebook working better for my brand is the feed or even stories or reals what's really moving the needle here is that because of how we're actually formatting the specific creatives there's a lot to potentially pull apart there and then finally comparative data now I think that no analysis is really complete candidly without comparing it to other data points that you have now some of this can be your own data points like your own top performers or your own current tests that are currently going on I often find that when you are analyzing creative being able to compare it to your own performance can be really helpful in Illuminating where it's falling inside of your general ecosystem but another comparative data set that you can have too potentially is your competitor data so what you can actually look at is see hey what types of AD creative is my competitors running is it similar to what we are running are they seeming to be learning similar things using similar formats similar messaging strategies and also look through the lens at their messaging and seeing how scalable potentially their messaging is and if they seem to be repeating anything month over month now I know a lot of that is super complicated that's why it's more of the advanced stuff right I do have a slide here for how this tends to look if I am going super in depth on a specific creative test and how everything is lied out now again I know that this is a lot of work and this isn't something that I suggest for every single task but if you're doing a really big swing or you find that you have a unicorn Banger of ad that is scaling to the Moon you might want to do an in-depth analysis like this so that you can really pull apart the things that are actually working here and can actually help you to get to the next level and make another winning ad and that's it don't forget I also have that creative reporting checklist for you guys if you learned anything at all in this video please be sure to give me a like And subscribe because those small things really do help me out so much as a Creator and I can't wait to see you guys again next week see you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [9 likes]: I'm curious about this: How many of you currently use Motion for your creative analytics?
  2. @imurgsg [2 likes]: DOUBTS:

1. what's the ideal duration to test the new creatives (3 days or a week or more than that?)

2.Is a creative refresh the only solution? Some creatives perform well for about three days, but after that, the cost per lead or purchase begins to rise. If this happens, I believe it’s due to either creative fatigue or audience fatigue, as those seem to be the only two reasons I can identify. Since we consistently use broad targeting, there's little chance of audience fatigue—unless I'm mistaken. That leaves us with creative fatigue as the main issue. However, we can’t produce 4-5 new creatives each week. So, how can we improve performance and scale our efforts?



Two requests:

1. Could you please make a video explaining the different cases of why an ad isn't working or increment in key metric like (CPM OR CPL) and how we can tackle it, is it just by killing old and getting new creatives?, OR are there any other ways?

2. Could you please make a video specificall for lead gen?




I STARTED MY MEDIA BUYING CAREER  from 2025 apr right after completion of UG (BBA), I started with running meta & google ads, more foucsed on video format, but i struggle to interpret the data & unable to tell what next steps we need to do, it's like stuck & overwhelmed, after watching this video i got some space to breath in & re-work, thank you so much for this video @DaraDenny, I watched this more than 7 times now!
  3. @thatgirlwhocamps: Are you able to do an updated video with a B2B perspective? Love your content! Thanks
  4. @orzewski: Thanks! Those two custom video metrics are godsend!
  5. @jhoncandia: thnks for sharing.
  6. @warum10: Can you make a video for the bidding strategies and what case use for each strategy and what type of goal can be achived with each
  7. @warum10: Can you make a video for the bidding strategies and what case use for each strategy and what type of goal can be achived with each
  8. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  9. @TheAireaidLord: i absolutely fucking hate Meta's UI. its so confusing
  10. @sweetsiesher2509: What are bidding strategies and attribution settings
  11. @karimewad5273: I'd love to understand attribution setting from you
  12. @sairamcharansudagoni: Why do brands have multiple agencies and how does the pixel tracking for it?
  13. @King_Of_Prosperity: nice
  14. @makrammaddah: Dara, as a Junior Creative Strategist who is looking to grow my experience asap, your channel has never failed to fill a gap in my skills.

God bless you and this channel.
  15. @joy_jm6: Can you please do more videos like this
  16. @ahmedbedwu6866: Well done, you did a great job
  17. @growwithgodbless: Well done, you did a great job
  18. @cristian.daczo1: wow this was really helpful, learned so much. Keep it up!
  19. @yousefsayed18888: Hello Dara
What's Formal about Hold Rate Metric?@DaraDenney
  20. @tenspeedDJ: Hi Dara! Do you do consulting for small businesses? Would love to chat if so. Thanks!

- The NEW WAY To Test Facebook Ads (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook advertisers are losing their minds when it comes to testing ad creative now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out. I'm seeing so many mistakes being made around this. And in this video, I'm going to show you how we're still able to test ad creative post Andromeda. And we're spending more than $15 million a month across hundreds of ad accounts. We do a lot of testing. >> OH MY GOD. OKAY, IT'S HAPPENING. EVERYBODY STAY CALM. >> WHAT'S THE PROCEDURE, EVERYONE? WHAT'S THE PROCEDURE? >> STAY CALM. OKAY, so let's quickly make sure that we all understand the problem that I'm talking about here. Now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out, one of the big impacts from that is that we now know we need more ad creative diversity. We need more ad creative and we need it to be different, each individual piece to be different from the other pieces of ad creative that we're uh running within within a campaign within an ad set. If you create ads that are just variations of other ones, let's say there's five different ads that all very similar, you're testing different elements, Metal will just pick one of those, put that into the auction, the others won't get a fair crack at it. If you create other ads that are very different visually, could be a different ad format, image versus video, could be uh something that looks very different, then fine. Meta will treat that as a separate ad and and put that into the auction and give that a go and see how it can perform. Now, Meta is doing that because they're recognizing that different people respond to different ad creative. They're also trying to overcome ad fatigues. They're thinking creative diversity, excellent. That's going to help advertisers get better results. But it does create a real problem when it comes to testing. And that's that if you find a winning ad format, let's let's take an image for example. You want to make as much of that as you possibly can. And you also want to get more detailed and test the various elements to see if you can improve performance. So, for example, you might have a winning image and think, right, I want to test different text overlay on the image. I want to test different background color. I want to test it in in that color versus black and white. I want to test including a price banner or not. Well, because those are all relatively minor tweaks of the one image ad, Meta could easily look at those and go, "Nah, they're all the same thing. We're only going to choose one, and that's the only one that actually gets any any budget and any chance to to perform and generate the lead sales, whatever it is you're optimizing for." But we know as advertisers that changing the text overlay, for example, on an image ad can have a massive impact on performance because that might be the thing that either gets people to pay attention to the ad or not. It might be the thing that convinces them to take action or not. It can have a really big impact. So whilst the system might not recognize them as different ads, we know that that can have a big ad performance and we want to be able to test this. What that has led a lot of meta advertisers to do is just guess cuz they're thinking, well, each ad creative needs to be really different. So, for my image ad that includes the founder holding the product, for example, um I'm just going to have to guess that this is the right text overlay to put with it. That's not a great place for advertisers. That's not how we want to do things properly. That's not how professionals operate when it comes to to performance marketing or when it comes to advertising. So, you can test this properly and you absolutely should. The way you do it is with the creative testing tool that I'm going to to demonstrate in a minute. So, let me show you how this creative testing tool works. It's very simple. It's included within within Ads Manager. Um, it's actually the ad level. So, I've just created a quick example leads campaign. You can obviously do this with other campaign types as well. But if you come to the ad level and you scroll down beneath I haven't set up anything else about this ad um yet. I just want to focus in on this. Beneath where you set up your ad creative, you've got this creative testing. Now you can see here here it says compare up to five different versions of your creative in a test that helps ensure delivery to new test ads. That's the really important part. This is why this tool is the perfect solution to the problem created by update when it comes to ad creative testing. So if we click in here, we can better understand it, right? So we can test between two and five different ads. We don't have to just do one, you know, ad A versus ad B. We can test a whole bunch. I'm going to do two for demonstration purposes now, but absolutely fine to to do more at once. You then say how much of your budget should go to test ads. This is just a quick example campaign. Um, this has only got a £25 daily budget. So, I can say, look, use all the budget within this campaign ads set or ads set um for the test or just use a proportion of it. Totally up to you. Um, how long should we run the test for? The default is 7 days, but you can increase this time frame should you wish to. This will depend. What you want to do here will depend on the conversion volume you're likely to generate. So we want to see for example which ad generates a better cost per lead. So we need to make sure that we run the test long enough so that we generate enough leads to have data that we can actually use and and rely on. Now this part is really really important down here. The default for me within this example is cost per post engagement. So how do you want to compare performance? Cost per post engagement. Absolutely not. That is not what I want to measure. I want to measure how well this does on a cost per lead basis on a cost per sale basis whatever it is the most important metric. not engagement. So I want to come in here and change this in this instance to cost per lead, but there are obviously lots of other options as well. Now when I've done this, this is also another important part. It says since your duration or budget changed, the recommended key metric was updated the drop down. Basically that's why they put it cost per um [clears throat] engagement using this metric can help you get more information results with high confidence. So what they're basically saying here without actually saying it but I can translate for you to some extent is that look only spending £25 per day over a seven day period and optimizing cost per lead that might not be either enough spent or long enough to be able to know which ads within this test produce a better cost per lead. So in this instance what we would likely either need to do is increase the budget. we'd have to increase the adset or campaign budget, right? Because that's we can't go beyond the total or increase the time frame or both, right? To the point where we now have enough data to be able to run this test. And no, I'm just going to leave that as is for now. But just wanted to quickly highlight that this is how you go ahead and set that up. So then I go ahead and click confirm. And what you'll see happens very simply is that within this sort of ad here, we've got these two test ads. And then we can go ahead and you can see these ads are same setup as a regular ad. But we could go ahead and add in different uh creative in this instance, but you can also test other things by the way, but we could add in different creative into this ad and then come up to this ad and add in other creative. In fact, I did a little run through a second ago. So, let me show you what that looks like. So, this is an example test that we might want to run um for our ad creative. So, this is an image that has worked well for us in the past. We've run this um in ad campaigns for a little while now, and it's an ad for my mentorship program. By the way, if you're interested in your program, link in the video description, you can find out more. We have unlimited one-to-one support. Um, daily live calls Q&As with me, my expert team members, like tons of support, really good program if you're interested, to go ahead and check that out. But anyway, this is a image that we've run for mentorship program. So, very simple format, picture of me, um, some results that people have achieved with my own mentorship program. Uh, fairly standard image ad, right? Want me to mentor you? We know this works. So, we might go, right, I want to test this against very similar versions of this, but tweak some stuff. So, here we've got a black and white version of me. We might want to test this against, if I just scroll down, it loads up a color version, right, with a little bit of a different background. Instead of just the solid blue background, we've got sort of uh a desk and um and our office behind with some people sat there and and that be the the look of the ad. Meta could easily look at those two ads and go, "These are the same thing. We're only going to put one into the auction." If we weren't using the creative testing tool, but because we are, Meta will now give these ads a proper go. And what they would do as part of creative testing, it's not just about giving it budget. It's also they're going to keep the delivery of those ads separate so that you can do a proper test so that you go, okay, group A within our audience is going to see this ad. Group B within our audience is going to see this ad. And then we can compare performance based on um the metric that we selected. In this case, was cost per result, but could be something else. Once this test has completed, once that time frame has run out, meta will then usually go ahead. You do want to double check because it doesn't always happen, but usually then spend more money on the winning version and you could always turn off the uh the other version and delivery will return to normal and you can go about your ads will be put in front of people as would happen anyway. But this can be a great way to narrow in on the finer detail and actually work out, okay, this element does improve performance versus this element. We could see, for example, a 10% 15% difference between the black and white version and the color version. That would absolutely be worth finding out and we don't want Andromeda to prevent that and this is how you get around it. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So if someone books a call for our done for you services for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign we've generated £96,000 but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay but in reality this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Now, there are a couple of other things I need to mention around this creative testing tool. Firstly, it's not as important if you are testing very different ads anyway. So, if for example, you're testing an image ad versus a video ad, meta is going to treat those as different ads, the Andromeda update is not going to get in the way. You'll be able to test. Now, the delivery is probably going to overlap. You might want that might be better performance, but if you are looking to do a strict test to find out, does A perform better than B? Even if they're very different, you can still use greater testing tool. But the Andromeda update is not going to affect that. It's not going to get in the way of that process if the ad's very different. either different formats or very different visuals. So, what we'll often find is that the initial round of testing, we're less likely to use the creative testing tool because we're finding out the big stuff. What performs better, image video, what performs better, UGC style video versus, you know, really professionally produced versus founder, those sorts of things. But then when we were to get into the more detail, and often the winning happens in working out the detail, then we're going to use the the creative testing tool a lot. Another instance where I really like using it is to test video hooks. So, if you've seen my content before about video ads or hooks, you'll know that hooks are incredibly important to your meta ads. The hook, by the way, is the opening scene, the opening line, usually about the first 3 seconds. And you can take a video ad that's performed really well, change the hook, and it will perform really poorly, even though you're only changing the first couple of seconds. Likewise, you can do the opposite and massively improve an ad because the hook is what convinces people either to pay attention to it or not. Um, and if they don't pay attention to it, they don't find out about your product or service, they don't take the action that you want to take. So, when we create video ads, often what we'll do is we'll create just a handful, maybe a couple of full ads, but then we will create lots of different hooks with different visual locations, maybe change the opening line so that we can create, say, 20 different ads, even if we've only produced two full bodies because we've got 10 different hook variations for each. and then we will test those and you'll often see massively varying differences in results between the different hook options. Now with Andromeda, this doesn't seem to happen all the time by the way because a lot of people say this and yes, we've seen it in some instances but not all. What Andromeda post Andromeda what Meta will now do is they might look at two ads that let's say are 40 seconds long and they're identical other than those first few seconds and and make the same calculations we talked about previously. Aha, these are basically the same ad. we're just going to put one into the auction, the other one's not going to get a look in. That is absolutely not what you want to do because just like I discussed previously how changing the text overlay on an image is massively important, changing the hook on a video ad is incredibly important. You absolutely want to be able to test between different um video ad hooks. So, the creative testing tool, exactly what I just showed you, is is absolutely the right way to do that. and you can test the different hooks and then you can introduce and then what you can do basically let's say you test five different hooks same main body of the ad but different hooks find out which is the winner and then put that into your ad set without the creative testing alongside other very different ads that's when you then test okay this is a UGC style ad versus founder ad versus product demonstration video ad um type setup right that's how you go about doing it so please do not throw out the hook method the changing of hooks which is what a lot of advertisers are If you've got a video out that's performed really well and you want to get more out of it, it's a really timeefficient and effective way of doing so is to go and record a bunch of new hooks, edit them onto the front, and then test. You can do that through the creative testing tool. I really have seen a lot of advertisers say you can't do that anymore. You can. You just got to use the creative testing tool. Um, I know I'm probably uh hammering home the point here, but I think this is this is really key to a lot of how we test going forward. And I think in general I want to help meta advertisers relax post Andromeda because the standard recommendation now is that you produce 20 plus ad creatives and every single ad creative needs to be completely different from the others. That's an enormous amount of work. It's difficult to produce 20 ad creatives even if you are using say the hook method and five of the ads are exactly the same but just with different hooks or you're creating variations of an image that's still work. But to reduce 20 pieces of ad creative that are totally different from one another and run all those in an ads set together, I think is unrealistic for a ton of businesses. And actually, I'm starting to see this put people off and get in the way of them making progress cuz it just it it feels like too large a burden. The juice isn't worth the squeeze. It's like if I have to make 20, I'm not going to bother making one. when actually if you just tested a couple of new ads every now and then compounded over time that can make a massive uh difference to your ad campaign performance and is well worth doing. So don't let this massive creative requirement put you off. The way I would look at meta ad creative production and testing uh it would be similar to a diet, right? Better to go with a a creative production schedule that you can stick to as opposed to the one that's perfect. Just like with diet, we all know what a perfect diet looks like. Can anyone realistically stick to a perfect diet all the time? No. So, we need to go with the option that is realistic that we can actually stick with. And that might mean that you launch a campaign with four very different creatives and perhaps a few different variations. That's absolutely fine. And if you want more info on meta ad creative, check out this video here. In that video, I react to a number of different meta ads found by my team in the meta ads library. I hadn't seen them before I watch this video. Some are great, some are terrible. Well worth a watch.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JeffBrown-h1l [1 likes]: Does this mean the 2 campaign system need not be two campaigns? ie Scale and Test. So we now run one and use the Creative testing?
  2. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @karunamayiholisticinc: does this mean we no longer need to do ad set budget optimization for Ad testing?
  4. @aarush_119: This is good but before this I used to follow CBO or ABO testing It worked for me at that time
  5. @RealestatephotographyEasymode: on meta calls is there phone screening
  6. @jhoncandia: thnks
  7. @IsraAyasrah: can I add new creative iterations for the winning ad after an ad has launched?
  8. @jonathanmui6764: The problem is that you can only run one test at a time. When you spend 4k/d and have 50+ creatives across 4-5 concepts this takes forever.
  9. @madsrasmussen4306: Very good video.
  10. @AmarilisWernex: Achei bem interessante o ponto que você destacou sobre a importância de testar não só criativos diferentes, mas também abordar públicos com intenções variadas dentro do funil. Faz total sentido e é algo que às vezes a gente negligencia. Eu mesmo, depois de tanto apanhar com inconsistências de dados e bloqueios, comecei a usar o DICloak pra gerenciar múltiplas contas e, sério, facilitou muito minha vida. Dá pra focar mais nos testes e otimizações sem me preocupar tanto com interrupções inesperadas.
  11. @AmarilisWernex: Ben, achei interessante quando você falou sobre priorizar a segmentação ampla nas campanhas de teste A/B. Tenho testado algo parecido, mas às vezes sinto que algumas escolhas de criativo acabam performando melhor em públicos mais específicos. Será que é uma questão de variação do nicho ou tem algo que eu possa ajustar na análise dos dados?
  12. @RafaelBelor: would you still upload all ad creatives into the same adset? if i have an ad that is working well, and want to run a new creative, should i put it in the same adset or create a new one?
  13. @marcmcdermott4742: I've run a few of these now where the ad distribution is definitely not equal. In some cases facebook showing 95% of one ad. Other tests though the tool worked as it should with equal distribution. Have you seen this? Is this a bug you think?
  14. @soniavarghese1515: Once we finalize a winning ada we need to make more variations like that to scale right
  15. @mel12ab: How does the testing work for custom events created via google tags manager? It seems like you can only test for standard events.
  16. @nohopelouis3312: great stuff. subscribed !
  17. @millicentquoilin9044: Hi Ben, I noticed that I can no longer upload a story dimension for my Ad. The upload option is not longer there.  Do you have a video that covers this change?
  18. @FigTreeCommunications: How does the creative testing compare to having mutliple ads in an ad set?  Won't Meta put more money towards the ad that does better?
  19. @TenilleWilliamsTV: Hey Ben, thanks for all your valuable videos. I started setting up a testing campaign to use creative testing for the first time but it would not allow me to choose Purchase conversions as the metric due to advertising both in and out of the EU. Do you only use creative testing in certain countries, then move winning ads to broader locations?
  20. @AmarilisWernex: Bem interessante a ideia de focar mais nos dados pós-Andromeda pra ajustar os criativos. Já tentou usar públicos bem segmentados pra testar várias versões do mesmo criativo? Tenho testado isso com bons resultados, mas sempre fico em dúvida se devo priorizar CTR ou CPA nos primeiros dias de teste. Alguma dica?

- Facebook Ads in 2026: NEW Secrets, Tips & Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads have changed again. What worked 12 months ago is already becoming outdated. And if you're still relying on old strategies, you're leaving a lot of money on the table. In this video, I'm going to break down a number of Meta ad strategies and techniques that are working really well right now, including what's changed, what's quietly dominating behind the scenes, and how you can use it to scale profitably. Strategy number one is to use value rules. I'm a big fan of value rules because they allow you to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting. With value rules, you can influence who Meta puts your ads in front of without having to overly restrict them through hard targeting constraints. So, you can have the best of both worlds. You can have open targeting and the full flexibility that Meta wants to be able to work out exactly who to put your ads in front of, but give it direction towards your most valuable prospects or customers. Let me quickly show you what this looks like. So, I'm here inside an example Meta ad account and get to the value rule section. I come over here and click on advertising settings, then select value rules, and then go ahead and click on create a rule set. Then I need to select my criteria. Many different options here, conversion location, age, gender, etc., etc. Let's say I go with age. I may have analyzed my customer data and worked out that people over 35 are more valuable to my business. Perhaps they are more likely to convert from lead to eventual client. Perhaps they are more likely to stick on my subscription service for longer. Perhaps they are more likely to buy again from my e-commerce store. Different use cases for different businesses. So, let's say I've identified the demo valuable to my business, select all the age ranges above 35, and then I select by how much I want to increase my bid. Let's say I've worked out those people are 30% more valuable than others. I can go ahead and add in 30 in here, give the rule a name, go ahead and click next, give the rule set a name, 35 plus, click create. I can now add that into my campaigns, add that into my ad set, and Meta will continue to advertise to people that are both over 35 and under 35, but it is going to favor the people that are over 35, be willing to pay more in the auction to reach those people because we've told Meta they're more valuable to my business. So like I said at the beginning, a great way to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting, you don't need to have this trade-off between hard constraints but small audience versus open targeting, you can go with this option instead. Strategy number two is to define your audience segments. So Meta breaks down the audience that you're reaching into three different segments. You've got new audience, you've got engaged audience, and you've got existing customers. So it's really important to take a few minutes, it doesn't take very long at all, and get for example your customer list uploaded to your Meta ad account and then define in advertising settings that audience being existing customers. You want to do the same with your engaged audience, which is going to be people that are warm, they've interacted with your business before, but they haven't actually bought. So this could be website visitors, people on your email list but not your customer list, people who've engaged with you across the Meta apps. You can very quickly and easily do this in advertising settings. If we jump back to advertising settings, we've got here in this example ad account these already defined. We've got engaged audience for example, which we defined as our all website visitors 180, and we've got existing customers, we've got an example customer list uploaded. I've separate videos going into more details about how to do that, how to set it up, but really valuable to do because it allows Meta to better allocate budget across cold, warm, and hot audience, which is what these three categories are. You are also able to see in breakdown data when you're looking at your results at your campaign, ad set, or even ad level the split of spend but also where your results are coming from. How many of our purchases are coming from existing customers versus from new audience? What's the cost per purchase look like across those audience? You can do the same with with cost per lead. Takes a few minutes, well worth doing. Number three is to produce way more ad creative. We now aim for 20 different ad creatives per ad set. We used to be limited to six, that's what Meta used to recommend, but post Andromeda things have really changed. Meta is now prioritizing creative diversity. They want lots of different ad creative in the same ad set because it allows them to do a few different things. Firstly, it allows them to personalize ad delivery. So, they're not going to put the same ads in front of everyone. They're not going to work out from your six ads previously, "This is the best performer. Let's put that in front of everyone." Instead, they're going to work out, "This person's probably going to be more interested in this ad, but this person's probably going to be more interested in this ad." Meta obviously has the data to be able to make those calculations, and that's what the Andromeda update is going to help with. So, the more diversity you have amongst your ad creative, so different formats, different styles, different looks, the more you're going to be able to benefit from that. Also, it really helps with ad fatigue. The more creative diversity you have and the more different ads you have in an ad set, the longer it will take for them to fatigue. If someone sees the same ad seven or eight times, even in a two- or three-day period, they might get pretty bored of it. I've seen that. Yeah, get it. Whatever. But, if you've got lots of different ads and Meta is showing one ad in the morning, a different ad in the afternoon, different ad the next morning, etc. to that that one individual, it's going to take much longer before they become bored of it. You get past the I've seen this before, therefore I can scroll on filter much quicker. So, really important to produce extra ad creative. How do you go about doing that? Well, firstly, embrace different formats. Doesn't all have to be video. Video is the best performing ad format for most advertisers, but we want to make sure we've got a range of formats live at any one time. Different people interested in different formats is part of the reason, but also it's much quicker and easier to create lots of say image variations than it is to create lots of extra videos. That's the first thing. Secondly, embrace Meta's variation options. So, when you're uploading your imagery to the ad platform, you go through the creative setup process, Meta is often going to use AI to suggest variations of that image. By all means, take advantage of those. And you can use external tools that use AI to help you with this, too. One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready to publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. Strategy number four is to use partnership ads. Now, this is linked to the previous point I made around creating more ad creative. Partnership ads will certainly help you do that. Just to quickly explain what they are, partnership ads are ads that run from both your account and a creator's account. So, you can hire creators, influencers to produce usually video ad creative promoting your products and services. And then when you run them, they will be run from those two accounts, yours and theirs, hence why it's called a partnership ad. It's effectively influencer marketing, but not reliant on the organic distribution of their posts, but you can actually put budget behind it and advertise and run it to their audience. And there's a number of reasons why you might want to do so. Firstly, it's a quick and easy way to produce a lot more ad creative because you're not doing it yourself. Secondly, if you work with the right people and they have influence over your target market, they have scroll-stopping power. People are more likely to pay attention, so your hook rate improves. That's a big deal. That should not be underestimated. Thirdly, their recommendation carries weight. So, when they say you should go and buy this product or service, if it's someone that is respected in your space, people are more likely to do it as opposed to that recommendation coming from someone they don't know or from someone within your company. Fourthly, partnership ads can really help you build a brand over time because if you work with creators over an extended period of time, the creators that you work with, people will start to associate with your business and your business will take on the values and the things that people think about those creators. Means you need to pick well in the first place, but it can be a great way to build a brand. Also, when you're working with influencers creators, they're normally pretty good at producing creative assets, otherwise they wouldn't have become an influencer or creator in the first place. So, it's a great way to get really high-quality ad creative that a lot of businesses just aren't capable of producing themselves. Now, of course, it costs money to go out and hire these people, but if you choose right, you are more than likely going to recoup the cost pretty quickly in terms of increased ad efficiency. If you take 10% of your advertising budget, for example, and pay that to creators, but that creator makes your ad campaign 40% more effective, that's a great trade. You should do that every time. And I see that come up again and again. And Meta have a really simple free tool that you can use to make finding creators to work with, contacting them really easy. So, if I jump back into my example ad account, I'm in campaigns. If I go ahead and click on all tools, and I can come down here to the Creator Marketplace. And then from within here, I can easily find creators to work with. Meta even gives recommendations around the creators most relevant for you. I've created a whole video around the Creator Marketplace, how it works, how to go through it properly. You can find that on my channel, and go ahead and check that out. I just wanted to quickly show you how easy this process can be. Strategy number five is to use the creative testing tool. A lot of advertisers have run into issues post-Andromeda when it comes to testing new ad creative. I've already talked about wanting a lot more ad creative, so we want to test to find out what's working, what's not. A lot of advertisers are running into problems where they upload new ad creative, add that into an existing ad set, and it just gets no ad spend whatsoever, and it feels pointless, like a complete waste of time. The existing best performers just continue to get all the ad spend. So, I've seen advertisers do all sorts of things with like separate campaigns and testing setups. It can get very complicated very quickly. You can end up with fragmented data, not the way to go. Much better to use the creative testing tool. So, let's go back into my example ad account. I don't have any campaigns in here, so let's just quickly create an example campaign. Let's go with a sales campaign. And I'm just going to jump straight to the ad level, which is where you will find the creative testing tool. Then I'm going to scroll down, and it's just here beneath where you add in your ad creative. And if I click on here, I can click on setup test, and you can test two to five different ads simultaneously. You can tell Meta how much of your budget you want to spend on this test, how long you want this test to run, and then what do you want to compare performance? I would absolutely recommend changing from, say, cost per post engagement to something like cost per lead or cost per purchase, or whatever it is that you're actually optimizing for in the campaign. That might mean you need to add in extra time, extra budget to make it work, etc. Click confirm, and then what you do is this will produce five different test ads. You go into each one of those ads, and you add in the different ad creative, and this will do a proper test. Meta will segment out your audience into five different chunks, and make sure they don't overlap so you can properly test to see ad creative A, how does it perform against ad creative B? If you're producing new ad creative and adding them to your campaigns, your existing campaigns, your existing ad set, you can use this to make sure they actually get spend and you find out if they're working or not or whether you just completely wasted your time and potentially money on on getting those things created. So yeah, big fan of the creative testing tool. Not many advertisers know about it, even fewer use it, but I certainly recommend it. Strategy number six is to not use a separate retargeting campaign or even a separate retargeting ad set. Instead, we like to combine the two and run a hybrid so your ads are being delivered to a combination of warm and cold audiences. Why do we do that? Because no matter how you set up your targeting, it is very likely that Meta is going to target a mixture of cold and warm audiences anyway. I talked in a previous point about defining your audience segment and one of the reasons is so that you can go down into the breakdown information and you can break down your results but also your spend by new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers. When you do that in an ad set that is set up to be a retargeting ad set and then you compare the results to an ad set that is set up to be a cold audience ad set, often you will find that the split in terms of spend between new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers is exactly the same. And why does Meta do this? Because most of your targeting inputs are suggestions. When you set up an ad set to be a warm audience ad set, you add in your warm audiences, your custom audiences as targeting, but you do so as a suggestion in the suggested audience section as opposed to within the controls within the hard targeting constraints. So Meta has the flexibility to target other people. If you're targeting more open, more cold audiences, Meta is absolutely going to find your warm audiences. Those are the people that are most likely to engage with your ads. Those are the people that Meta will quickly identify as most likely to purchase, become a lead, whatever it is you're optimizing for, and that is going to put ads in front of them. So, if the two different campaigns or two different ad sets, one one one cold, are going to be the same from a distribution standpoint anyway, you might as well combine them so that you don't have fragmented data. We consolidate that data. One ad campaign producing 50 conversions a week is much better than two ad campaigns producing 25 conversions a week because getting out of the learning phase, you're not being caught in learning limited, Meta has more data to optimize, you have more data as the advertiser to be able to assess things and make optimization decisions. So, we rarely have separate retargeting campaigns. Now, there are circumstances where we do. I've got another video going into more detail on this that you can check out on my channel, but by default, we're not going to retarget separately. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creatives not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. Strategy number seven is to focus your initial acquisition on free {slash} inexpensive products or services, or go to the other end of the spectrum and go high price point, premium luxury, high ticket, high touch sales process. I think the mid-range is often the hardest, particularly to scale. It's where most of your competitors are, so it's difficult differentiate just for starters. But, if you just think about the economics of it, if you're offering something free or inexpensive, you want that to be as cheap and as operationally efficient for your business as possible, something that you can give away. It's just not going to be very difficult for you to deliver on that. Or you want to go to the other extreme where you can have all the bells and whistles and all the high touch points in the sales calls and the proposal documents and the follow-up processes. Because when you actually do get a customer, you cover the cost of all that. In the mid-range, you're often high enough price where people want a bit more than something just easy automated, but you don't really make enough money from them to be able to justify an elongated sales process or you know, something really complex. So, the more I've seen businesses that are outliers that really succeed with their meta ads, the more they tend to fall into one end or the other. Like free or really really inexpensive and easy for them to deliver on in the first place what you might call a tripwire. Or, you know, let's do it all. Let's go with the absolute top end of the market. I'll work with just a handful of clients customers. They'll be incredibly valuable. Our return on ad spend on those leads would be unbelievable. Yeah, that seems to be a better approach to go with. And strategy number eight is to embrace WhatsApp and use it as part of your meta marketing funnels. Now, this is going to be location dependent to some extent. In the US, for example, people use WhatsApp a lot less than just about everywhere else in the world. But if your target audience is on WhatsApp regularly, then definitely experiment with a WhatsApp-based sales funnel. I've seen a lot of businesses having success with replacing their traditional processes with a WhatsApp-based funnel instead. So, let's say previously people would click, go through to landing page, book in a call or inquire. They'd then get contacted by the company to arrange a call. A lot of friction, slow process. How much easier is it for your prospect to just click on an ad, go straight into WhatsApp, send a few messages, and those initial messages are all automated, and people are filtered depending on you know, you can find out whether they actually are a qualified lead or not. From then on, you can then progress them to actually communicating with a person. And I think that a lot of prospects prefer that. They're like, "Well, why would I want to book a sales call for 3 days time and then I have to sit on the call and have them pitch me the thing, and then I've got to get the document afterwards, and then I follow up. It's slow, and it's cumbersome, and it's friction, and people are busy. Whereas on WhatsApp, it's like I could just send a few messages back and forth really quickly, find out whether or not I like this product or service, and then go ahead and make a purchasing decision. It also has the advantage that's often quite a bit cheaper for the business to operate than a traditional say lead sales call funnel structure. In a market like the UK at the moment, you're going to have more success if you're high ticket with this type of thing with WhatsApp as opposed to low ticket, but that doesn't apply worldwide. If you're in India, Brazil, for example, you can sell anything on WhatsApp, low ticket included. So, I would predict that in the next 5 to 10 years, WhatsApp's going to make real inroads into the US market as well, and then this will apply there, too. In the meantime, for everyone else or people who are advertising to people in in other locations, uh definitely something to experiment with. And if you want to know more about how to advertise using WhatsApp, you can check out this video here. In it, I walk through the entire process of creating a click-to-WhatsApp campaign. I also show you some of the other things that you could do as a marketer, things like marketing messages on WhatsApp. Yes, you can send messages to people that have interacted with WhatsApp, which is incredibly powerful in certain circumstances, of course. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and check this out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @vadha1: Meta has made advertising extremely difficult. I don’t have the time to bother with this stuff so I’m just gonna not advertise on meta
  3. @thiemebr: How much in average a small business should invest in FB ads per day?
  4. @hskinnershepherd: it'd be great if you could list in the description or tag in this video all of the videos you mention. not all of your video titles are intuitive to what you're recommending to check out. it makes it difficult to search your channel and find the video you are referencing.
  5. @mel12ab: Does the creative testing tool, only work for standard events and not custom events?
  6. @IntheRealLife: Ad gurus always talk like meta is so smart but I have found if you don't tell it what to do it puts your ads in front of an audience MOST UNLIKLEY to actually purchase. For example, I am a remotely attractive woman and my target audience is other women. Men will engage with my videos because well.... men engage with any video of a remotely attractive women, doesn't matter what you are talking about. So what does meta do if i don't completely limit them? They push my ads to men when my product is for women. Same thing happens if you leave the location open, they will show your ads in Nigeria which is useless to my particular product. What am I missing understanding? Why does every Facebook ad tutorial I watch tell me to let meta figure it out when they are obviously terrible at picking the right audience early enough on to be useful. I don't want to burn through ad budget while they slowly figure out my product is not for men and not priced for Nigeria. If I don't completely restrict them they send my ads to the exact wrong people every time.
  7. @chordkeys: Help. How many assets should I use for flexible ads?
  8. @lemonroti1991: This video breaks down eight key strategies for scaling Meta Ads in 2026. Here is an overview of the sections covered:

Strategy 1: Use Value Rules (0:20 - 2:13): Explains how to influence Meta's targeting by assigning higher value to specific customer segments without hard constraints.
Strategy 2: Define Audience Segments (2:13 - 3:40): The importance of classifying audiences into new, engaged, and existing customer groups to optimize budget allocation.
Strategy 3: Produce More Ad Creative (3:40 - 7:18): Discusses the shift toward creative diversity, aiming for up to 20 variations per ad set to combat ad fatigue.
Strategy 4: Use Partnership Ads (7:18 - 9:59): How to leverage influencer and creator collaborations to improve hook rates and brand trust.
Strategy 5: Use the Creative Testing Tool (9:59 - 11:59): A guide to using Meta's built-in testing tools to ensure new creative gets adequate spend and performance data.
Strategy 6: Consolidate Retargeting (11:59 - 14:48): Why it is generally more effective to combine cold and warm audiences into a single campaign rather than separating them.
Strategy 7: Focus on Price Point Strategy (14:48 - 16:20): Recommends focusing on either very low-cost "tripwire" offers or high-ticket premium services, avoiding the difficult mid-range.
Strategy 8: Embrace WhatsApp Funnels (16:20 - 18:30): How to use WhatsApp to reduce friction in the sales process and build more direct connections with prospects.
  9. @vinedresserlawnandlandscape: For a service business. Would you suggest that we test ads with ABO and, when they scale, put them in an evergreen CBO campaign? Or just run CBO campaigns with one ad set?
  10. @giullianaarias.: super valuable
  11. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: I just asked ChatGPT if it could create Ad Creatives for me and it can.  I have not tested this but if it works, big savings.
  12. @condosbysarah: how to disable message template on leads campaign?
  13. @JarnoZhou-q6i: Just curious if it's necessary to do the creative AB testing?
  14. @Haifahusayn: Which tool u were talking about ?
  15. @topchessmoments: For a £200 per day budget, would you split out UK and US audiences?
  16. @Mia_archerron: Great video, Ben, thank you so much! Question: The value rules (the first tip you talk about in the video) is not great to do with a micro budget (20$) per day, correct?
  17. @icegangwatch: My product category is watches, so I'll be using a 1-1-N ad structure. With a daily budget of $100, should my ad creatives use different colors of the same watch, or can I mix and match different styles?
  18. @costo8779: Yo bro hru i’m a beginner is it better to go with videos or static ads?
  19. @tuckertheremedy: Hi Ben, would you recommend separating Catalog ads into their own campaign, since they tend to cannibalize spend when combined into the same campaign as manually created ads?
  20. @crescitaly: The 20 creatives per adset tip is the unlock nobody talks about. Went from 6 to 22 creatives after Andromeda and CPA dropped 43% in 3 weeks. Also pairing partnership ads with Crescitaly-boosted organic seed posts from the same creator before going paid - it warms the pixel and we see 2x better hook rates right out the gate. WhatsApp funnel tip also gold for our Brazil market.

- Expert Media Buyers Know THIS About Facebook Ads (The Breakdown Effect): Kind: captions Language: en buckle up this is going to be a bit of a controversial episode and i actually think that a lot of you are going to disagree with me what's up marketers in today's video i am going to talk about one thing that separates newbie or amateur media buyers from the experts and this is just going to be one thing right because there are actually several things that end up separating amateur media buyers from the mythical expert media buyers but we're all a work in progress and we're all just trying to get by but this one specific thing stuck out to me recently on my favorite website twitter and if you all are on twitter that's where all the top media buyers are having these discussions every single day so be sure to follow me over there so that you can see these conversations happening in real time but my friend cody who heads up e-commerce at jones road beauty recently posted this question and it was such a great conversation starter and it's actually something that i tend to ask people who are interviewing for media buying jobs at thesis to try to decipher if someone actually knows how to scale an account or not so let's take a look at this question cody asks hypothetically what is the better ad ad a that has more spend but a lower rise a higher cpa but more purchases or ad b which has lower spend a higher row as lower cpa and less purchases and as you can see here most people said that add b was the better ad and i completely disagree but before we dive into why i disagree let's give you some more background info the way that this would work in an ad account is that add a and add b would be in the same ad set and again ad a gets more spend and more purchases but ad b is getting a higher row as in a lower cpa so it looks like ad b is the better ad and again i love this question because it's the kind of question that really separates amateur media buyers from those who know how to scale or those who know how to optimize for scaling but before we go into the reasons why that is let's take a look at what some other people said so what do you think if you had to take a guess right now would it be a or b so yes i actually did respond to this post and this was my answer and i said a is the better ad because this is the classic breakdown effect facebook knows that the more spend that it will be shifted to be will ultimately result in less efficiency over time so the first question that you probably have is what is the breakdown effect now the breakdown effect is when facebook seemingly shifts spend to an underperforming ad or ad set but really what is happening here is that the facebook algorithm recognizes that if it poured more spend into the better performing ad it would actually have less results as the spend increased when compared to the underperforming ad i actually sometimes like to call the better performing ad low-hanging fruit the spend is simply getting the low-hanging fruit from this ad or ad set but again if we were to pour that same type of money that is in the worst performing ad into the better performing ad the results would actually be a lot worse with more scale and that's because facebook ultimately wants to push spend to what is more scalable and that's what ads and ad sets can get the best results over time with more money so again what would almost certainly happen in the case that cody showed us earlier if we poured the same amount of spend into ad b those results would ultimately be a lot worse than ad a which is why the facebook algorithm optimized to shift more spend to ad a and that's why that is actually the better performing ad now the caveat here is that the breakdown effect is really only applicable to brands that are beginning to scale so if you're operating with minimal budgets say under 10k per month you're probably ultimately going to be optimizing for those ads that have lower spend but seemingly have better results which actually could affect your performance over time it's something you have to be really careful about especially if you're a brand or a media buyer that sees that facebook is always shifting your spend to underperforming ads it's actually not what's happening what's happening is that facebook recognizes that the ad that has more scale potential that's where they're trying to shift your money so for all brands the advice that i would give them is pay attention to where facebook is actually shifting your dollars don't automatically assume that the facebook algorithm is broken or that facebook isn't right for your brand because facebook is seemingly shifting spend to underperforming ads again what is actually happening here is the breakdown effect for some reason facebook thinks that your ad that is the underperformer is actually more scalable over time because again what would most certainly happen is if you push more spend to your better performing ad those results would rapidly deteriorate ultimately take a look at the patterns and the type of creative that facebook chooses to push more spend for your brand because those are actually probably the top performers as opposed to the ones that get a better ros or even have a lower cpa ultimately the things that you want to look for are the most spend and the most purchases and if you can cross-analyze those two things that's where you're really going to find your top performers not necessarily those that have the highest row as or the highest cpa now facebook does have a little tutorial that goes through the breakdown effect in detail i am going to link that below so you guys can take a look at it but to be honest i don't see many media buyers talking about this and that's why i was really glad that cody started this conversation because i think it is something that i hear a lot from other brands or newbie media buyers why is facebook pushing my spend to underperforming ads it's really not those are the ads that are more scalable or deemed more scalable by the facebook algorithm and i'm going to be really honest there have been times when i'm conducting creative tests um and i see that a certain ad actually has a lot better results higher roads lower cpa and it's not getting enough spend and i'll actually turn off the ad that's getting the most spent and you know what happens ultimately the results in the creative test is a failure or none of those are graduated to my core campaign because ultimately the results just aren't sustainable this is something that i see play out over and over and over again and i feel like as a media buyer who works with brands who are rapidly scaling the breakdown effect is something that i see almost on a daily basis especially when you're launching tons of creative tasks every single week so it's definitely something for you guys to be aware of again i can't tell you how many times i've heard from young media buyers saying facebook is shifting my spend to underperforming ads that's not what that is it is the breakdown effect and you have to be aware of that as a media buyer so that you know ultimately what types of creatives are scalable ultimately you're going to have to look for the amount spent and the number of purchases and those are the two things that i'd really suggest that you guys optimize your campaigns for and that's it this is a little short and sweet episode to break up our mid-week but i'm really curious about your guys take which one do you think is the better ad i know that some of you guys are operating with smaller budgets even some of you using under three grand per month and when you're looking at these numbers you're thinking wow if i was spending 20 grand and i had these results i'd be stoked so really try to minimize the spend and the roads and the cpa to numbers that would make sense for your brand and then you can see this come to life a little bit more i've seen the breakdown effect happen for brands that are spending under 5k per month and again those are scaling rapidly to over 500k so it's definitely something to be aware of and especially as you guys are looking at new creatives to develop be sure to take a look where facebook is shifting your spend that actually tells me that those are more of the top performers as opposed to the ones that get the higher row ads so i would actually start taking more creative learnings from what gets higher spending your ad accounts and that's it thank you so much guys i will see you um on sunday bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @speedcoresg4616 [9 likes]: This makes total sense, I've experimented it myself. I had 2 ads in my campaign: ad A was getting most of the spent but ad B had like 2x the CTR so I wasn't understanding what Facebook was doing. I turned off ad A and as a consequence of this effect ad B went totally crap, way worse than the one i turned off. Thanks Dara for your video!
  2. @mainulquader8280 [1 likes]: This is truly an eye-opener video. 🤩 I would really focus on the CPA and ROAS but this video has given me a new perspective to think about for upcoming Facebook ads.
  3. @TomekPasko: I would select B, but it depends. Too little context here IMO.

1. If you are optimizing for new customers - B might be better
2. If you need better ROAS, select A. How would you make your advertising profitable, spending money on unprofitable ads? A LOT of brands optimize being profitable with the first purchase, so spending money on the most profitable ad makes much more sense, no?

Did anyone test this? You don't know how FB will deliver when you turn off B? Without testing, it's only assumptions.
  4. @Mat_Sedano: I'd like to know your opinion Dara on this today one year later, is it 100% the same today? :) :) :)
  5. @kritikaagarwal1809: Love your videos Dara! In classic cases of such breakdown effects, how long should we keep them running before we start seeing profitability kicking in? How do we choose between ads which will actually turn to be profitable (amongst those 2-3 or more) where Facebook is undergoing breakdown effect?
  6. @mudpaddle: This makes all kinds of sense when looking at two placements with different inventory situations but two different ads running in the same placement? 

To start with "Less efficiency over time" = frequency getting too high. To keep frequency small you need inventory to be big. Inventory is an attribute of placements, not ads. 

When facebook explains this they talk about two different placements and thus different sized pools of inventory and different opportunities to control frequency.   

But when you talk about two ads running on the same placement you're suggesting that (all things being equal) one creative will be predictably more sensitive to frequency and facebook knows which one before its demonstrated by the numbers. 

This would be an entirely different ballgame.
  7. @rggLV: Would love to hear more about this, and maybe some more examples! 
I had a dropshipping store that might have failed just because of this as I would always fail to scale properly, e.g turn off my ads with larger budgets when they were going over my CPA goal. Thanks Dara!
  8. @afshanmuhammadaltaf7103: Thank you
  9. @vadimasaev2526: I actually asked one of the candidates in my company a similar question... But the answer youre giving isnt to that question,  the question was, what was the better ad, not what was the most scalble ad. And the better one will always be the one with enough conversations and higher ROAS. That's from a business point of view, because a 1.4 ROAS might be loosing money to the business its promoting, so scaling will just cuase more loss... 
Being a media buyer is being a business professional first, not just an analyst
  10. @dennisdeheza: This YouTube channel is so good and so much better than larger channels
  11. @dacdiec4182: Love the vid ! Could you please do a video on testing creative ? How do you test them? How to analyse and cut them ? Thank you Dara
  12. @SniperAce2: That's what Facebook tells about CBO. Facebook will shift the ad spend to an ad set with higher ad spend and higher CPA because they think it is more scalable than the ad set with lower CPA and low ad spend. Great video so that young brand owners and media buyers will be aware of this.
  13. @AOitsAO: More like the classic shakedown effect by Facebook 🤑
  14. @Freedomskills: Hugely valuable thanks for this 🚀💯
  15. @a5280394: It's really helpful to know the truth when it comes to the ads performance. Misjudgement would cost you more. Thank you for this video.
  16. @aroldaban: Can you make a video creating a messaging ads on facebook in UK or UE?
  17. @automatewithrohit: Hey Dara what do you think after odax ad creatives, copy and messaging should be really focusing on? Can you also tell me shall I only offer performance ads creatives as service?
  18. @marcusecom: great as always!
  19. @LaurenSchwartz: Ooo not an ad buyer but creative and I agree A is better. I love this video! I also think this is how you can test if creatives who make your ads are privy to this and know how to optimize and scale this account.
  20. @luxxinails: Another great vid Dara! Question - so would you keep on those creatives that are getting the most spend in a campaign, even though the results aren't want you want?

- How To Analyse Facebook Ads The RIGHT Way: Kind: captions Language: en I've generated more than $200 million in sales directly from Facebook and Instagram ads for our clients over the past 9 years and during that time my team and I have worked out the best way to analyze Facebook ads data to significantly improve results and in this video I'm going to show you exactly how we do it okay so let me start by showing you the metrics that we actually track what data points do we look at what matters what doesn't matter and and we will go from there so I'm in ads manager I'm in one of our Facebook ad accounts that we actually use to retarget for our own products and services this campaign specifically that we're talking about is for our Facebook ads Mastery product I'll explain more about that um in a little bit um we're going to use this as the example campaign to show you the data points um that we use and how we make decisions around analyzing campaigns that are live ads that are live and then optimizing working out uh what to do and how to improve results which is a hugely important part of Facebook ads you very much cannot get the best results from just creating a Facebook ad campaign throwing it out there and hoping the results are great you absolutely need to be digging into the data and improving things that's what I'm going to show you how to do okay so let me start by going through the columns that we actually take a look at and we've got um like a customized column preset uh here to have all the data that we like to look at um when we're going through and actively managing campaigns okay so First Column obviously other than the the name itself of the campaign the adset or ad we've got delivery um and then we've got actions actions is sort of a shortcut within the column section referring to the new opportunity score feature um so it's showing here that there are three plus available points that we could uh optimize uh within this ad set to to get better results if you want to know more about opportunity score that's not what this video is about I'll include a link in the video description to another video that shows you all the details around this new feature it's really good by the way I recommend you do it but you do want there you do want an actions column in there now that it's available because it reminds you and shows you oh there are some optimization actions that we may or may not want to take um available that meta is recommending then we've got budget you can see here it just says using campaign budget this campaign has got one adset so it really doesn't make any difference whether you're using CBO or AO whether you're setting the budget at the campaign level adset level a lot of people will tell you differently and it does matter but if you got one adset it just doesn't make any difference uh but we got budget in there cuz that's useful and then we've got amount spent um so we spent over just over £2,000 on this campaign it's been running for you know we've got the time frame set to maximum I think this has been running for 60 days something along those lines the next column is purchases now with this campaign that is what we are optimizing for we're are trying to get purchases for our Facebook ads Mastery product um but I should say that this column here doesn't always want to purchases this wants to be whatever conversion event it is that you are optimizing for after amount spent so if you're optimizing for leads put leads in here if you're optimizing for complete registrations put that in there instead okay but we've got purchases because that's what we're optimizing for here then we've got cost per purchase very useful metric to be able to see cost for purchase and when I get to the next stage and we start looking at various different components and comparing them that is one of the most important metrics possible after that we've got purchase conversion value now for some reason this isn't feeding through it was feeding through when I literally did the prep for this video it's not feeding through now and I thought about using a different example but I actually thought this was an interesting thing for me to mention because um ad manager is buggy and these things do happen I think it's quite useful for you guys going through this to be like oh every now and then that happens to me so this had purchase conversion value data there um it doesn't now but you don't really need it for the purpose of this video what I want to to just leave it in there to demonstrate that this happens but also explain what's going on here right so um the conversion value on the Facebook Master product is £97 per month right so in terms of you could get a sense for for what that's going to look like in terms of what we're paying you know would we pay £23 cost per purchase to acquire a customer that's worth £97 per month uh absolutely that's a that's a fantastic R uh when you factor in lifetime value um but yeah you want your purch conversion value in there if you are optimizing for purchases if you're optimizing for leads something else it's not really going to apply and then we've got purchase return anouncement so basically what's your row ass um and again again because this number isn't feeding through it's not creating a rows calculation uh to be fair when you've got a product like this that bills monthly the rows calculation that you see within your Facebook ad account is not going to be that accurate because it might just include the first transaction so let's say 97 on average with a 23 cost per purchase we're looking at about 4X RS but that's only on the first transaction right we know that our actual return on ad spend is way better than that you're probably looking at more like 20 xros um cuz people are going to stick around for uh a number of months uh we don't exactly know how many because Facebook as Master product is pretty new so we haven't had it live for a year or two years to see if people will stick around that long yet then we've got reach Impressions and frequency and I like to put these three together because they tell a story um of of how the ad adet or campaign um is performing so reach is simply the amount of accounts the amount of different people that your ads have been put in front of we've got 35,000 there Impressions is how many times an ad was put in front of someone so you can see how there's a difference there and then you calculate the frequency by dividing Impressions by reach and that gives a frequency of 10.43 now that means that of the people that have seen ads within this ad set um they've seen an ad just over 10 times which might seem like a really high amount but this is a retargeting campaign a retargeting ad set for one of our offers we know the people in this audience are very much engaged with my stuff they most of them will have watched uh my content for a long time so we can get away with a higher frequency in general if you're operating to cold audio is I don't like to see a frequency above 2.5 which obviously much lower than that that's to cold audiences um if you're advertising to warm audiences you can usually get away with significantly higher frequencies than that but most businesses you don't really want to go above say a six to an eight that sort of range um but there are cases like with me where we can go up to a 12 we've been up to 16 frequency before and that's absolutely fine and and as we go through this and I will talk about frequency metrics that is a secondary metric that is not one of the things we will optimize for first we will optimize for that after we factored in other metrics that we'll uh that we'll go through but it's really important to keep an ey eye on frequency because if you do see an ad perform really well and then it starts to drop off and that coincides with the frequency going up okay you've probably got ad fatigue you need to introduce new creatives and there's things you can do to go about um tackling that okay then we've got cpms that's cost per thousand Impressions now this is the metric that's typically used to describe how expensive it is to advertise so we're paying a uh CPM of £73 which is really very good part of that is because we've got engaging ad creative in there unsurprisingly we know how to do that um and also it's to my warm audience so people are interested in my stuff um most businesses nowadays particularly advertising in the countries we're advertising in UK US Etc are going to see higher cpms than that cpms is again a secondary metric and I'm get I'm going to break down these more in a minute and how we might um interpret the data and apply it to campaigns but it is not something that you want to be stressed about or optimed in for it's more a metric of how expensive is Facebook and Instagram advertising over time how is the CPM changed over time and also how expensive is my industry certain industries is going to cost way more than others if you're advertising something in the the health and fitness space it's usually going to cost a lot less in terms of CPM than if you're advertising something that's B2B for example okay but we we'll dig into that a little bit more in a bit then we've got hook rate now hook rate is a custom metrics this is one that we've actually created and when I go into I'll show you how to set up your columns in a second I'll talk about cust metrics so the hook rate if I hover over it we'll be able to see what this is It's 3 second video plays divided by um the number of Impressions and then expressed as as a percentage so basically what percentage of people that saw our ad made it past 3 seconds watch 3 seconds of the video um effectively they were hooked uh now an 8.38 across the ad set is decent in my mind anything above a 10 is is really quite good anything below a five is is quite poor so that's sort of typically what you're working with you will see massive variation and there's all sorts of um variance between Industries and things along those lines again B2B like what we're advertising 10 to be on the Lower Side other things tend to be be significantly higher I do like to have a look at video average play time uh that is not a custom metric that's one that's preset from meta and that is useful you do need to factor in the length of the video because you might think oh 2 seconds is terrible but in a lot of cases here we're advertising very short videos so it's like well actually if you think about it it's kind of Okay and like if you're having a really long video you would expect to see just longer average view time cuz some people are going to make it all the way through and that's really going to lift your average um so that's actually not such a useful metric for this campaign specifically but sometimes it is very useful for like take a look at things then we've got link clicks now it's really important that we've got link Clicks in there and you can get more specific with outbound link clicks or unique link clicks um I'm quite happy with link clicks um but what you don't want to be analyzing is clicks there's a difference between link clicks and clicks link clicks is clicks on the link that the that the ad is taking people to they they took the action that you most likely want them to take um clicks is going to include any click on the ad so if someone unmutes it if it's a video ad that's going to count as a click if someone clicks to see more button on Facebook in order to be able to see all of the primary text that's going to count as a click and these are things that you don't really want to be uh monitoring or optimizing for so we've got link clicks there to see how many people have actually clicked through to where we want to send them I always like to stick landing page views next to that to see the discrepancy rate between link clicks and landing page views um so you know we're looking at what 3,100 versus 2,300 20% maybe slightly more discrepancy between the two that's fine sometimes you'll see more than a 50% drop off between link clicks and landing page views and just explain the difference between the two link click is someone that actually clicked on a link landing pages they waited until the landing page loaded up um so if you do see a big discrepancy there there are all sorts of things you can read into that like is our landing page too slow to load are we getting a lot of accidental clicks which might be because you're running a traffic campaign and ads are showing on the Audience Network these are things that you can fix and knowing this sort of data is very useful then we've got CPC cost per click um sort of the the base metric of all digital marketing digital advertising has become far less important as the platforms have got more sophisticated but it's still a useful metric no again when you're entering in CPC make sure you get the cost per link click not the cost per click and then the same applies to click-through rate um you need to get the link click-through rate not the click-through rate because I have I get questions people all the time being like I've got a 4% click rate is that great I'm like well that's fantastic but it won't be link clicks that could include if you're running a carousel ad that could include people moving between it includes all sorts of uh various clicks uh and in general for link clickr rate anything above 1% is considered really quite good um 8.86 here is okay anything below say a 7.65 is is is normally pretty poor um so yeah so that those are the the data points that we are tracking and I'll show you how they Stack Up um in a minute the way by the way you can put together the exact same columns as I've got here and and so you have the exact same data that' be useful for you is you just come in here on columns and you can see I've got this called best column setup um which is uh what we're using as a default but there are like set what presets that you can use that met have put together performance engagement Etc I'd recommend creating your own what you do is you just come down you click on customize columns and then you can literally go through and you we've got 90 in here you can go in delete columns you can search for them uh on the left hand side you can just search at the top and and add those in or you can do this you can create a custom metric so remember how I mentioned that the hook rate was a custom metric so we're dividing 3 second video views by Impressions you can come up with all sorts of ones and get really sophisticated and there are case studies where we will do that because certain businesses need different things and we will look to implement this sort of thing so you can just go ahead and have a little play about with that but that very much is um an optional extra now in a second I'm going to show you how we use this data uh to make optimization decisions and improve results before I do that I want to quickly let you know a little bit more about Facebook ads Mastery the the example campaign that we're that we're talking about here so the Facebook ads Mastery product is my new course with community so it's brand new course material neverbe seen stuff that's not available um on YouTube or or anywhere else that me and my team have put together we're literally using it to to train on new staff we're we're very happy with the quality of the content and and think it's uh really good stuff I think you find it very valuable and the people who've been through so far have given us great feedback about it uh but it also comes with with a full community so we're using School we've got over 700 members in there already fantastic place where you could connect with like-minded Facebook advertisers Instagram advertisers business owners trying to do things me and my team are in there all the time answering questions we do live calls we do live trainings live q&as um there's all sorts of stuff so if you're interested there is a link in the description you can click on that hopefully I will see you on the inside with that said let's get back to the video okay so all the data that we've gathered here it does have its place that's why we're bothering to to track these metrics in the first place right but in the first instance so so for for the most part the two that I want you to base most of your optimization decisions around is either your cost per conversion or your return on ad spend and which one you use depends on your business so if you are optimizing for purchases and you have the return on ad spend data we would be basing our decisions around return on ad spend so if we've got one ad that's producing a 4X return on ad spend and another ad that's producing a 3X return on ad spend the 4X return ad SP ad is the one that we're going to want to put more budget behind we might turn off the one that's got a 3X return on ad Bend and that is irrespective of if the 3x Rell on ad spend ad has a better click-through rate or a better cost per click like the those are secondary metrics that don't matter anywhere near as much we want to optimize for return on ad spend the most important thing or if you're not optimizing for purchases and you're optimizing for say leads or complete registration or something like that um then you want to optimize for your cost per result there you know the best cost per lead the best cost per complete registration if that's as far down the sales funnel as you can accurately track those things matter the most when it comes to comparing various elements and a huge part of optimizing Facebook ad campaigns is just literally taking a look at the various elements you've created and going this is performing better than this I'm going to turn off this and I'm going to learn from this one and I'm going to create ads or ad sets to some extent that are similar to this one to test again and see if I can beat this one and get better performance over time that's a huge part of analyzing data optimizing and it's very simple very uh very sort of top level but there does a point where you want to dig into the metrics a little bit more and take a look at the secondary metrics and the reason why is to understand why so you know I said we're going to decide between add a and add B based on return on ad spend or cost per conversion but let's say one does have a 4X return on ad spend and one has a 3X Turnal ad spend uh we want to know why this one has a 4X Turnal ad spend so that we can uh make ads that are more like it we can work out what's worked and what doesn't and use that information to improve results over time now what we look at here Will depend on the business it will depend on the typee of ads we're running so I'm going to run through some examples that I've prepared of of the sort of logic that we might use um and examples of data so that you can understand how we would improve things and things like that okay so let's start with hook rate now in this campaign we're running video ads hook rate remember is the number of the percentage of people that watched at least three seconds of the video so how well were they hooked in the first place only really applies um to video ads So within this ad set we ran ads that were videos and hook rate might be one of the things that we look at to try and work out why are some ads performing better or worse than other so let's go ahead and and click in and we can see the various six ads we can see the data on what was spent purchases generated cost for purchase all that if we scroll over uh we get to hook rate we can see some big differences so firstly with hook rate just discount these two ads here with the really low hook rates they're both carousels um so it's not going to it's not comparing apples for apples in comparison to the other three that we have data for that are all ads and we can see here that we've got quite significantly different hook rates we've got a 10.6 hook rate 13.6 and 16.2 now this is going to vary massively between businesses but I think if you've got a hook rate over 10% you're normally doing reasonably well anything below 5% is really quite poor um and then in between is is okay but again there are going to be businesses where those metrics are way way different but that's often what what I I might look to look at so what we can do now is we can take a look at these three video ads and be like well this one down here that is hooking people better in okay great so that hook works better than the hook for the other two video ads when we create new video ads let's start with the one we're using here now interestingly though when you scroll over and we look at the cost per purchase this ad is not actually performing as well when it comes to cost of purchase it's it's £28 versus 25 for this one up here and and 19 for this one here although that only generated three purchases just not much data so what that might tell us in this sort of scenario is okay this ad here is doing the best job of hooking people but this ad and this ad are doing a better job of getting people to convert so why don't we take this ad up the top the meat of the ad and pair it with the hook that we've got in this ad and then we might be able to benefit from the better performing elements in both that might be one of the things that we look at when it comes to hook through rate and that's an example of digging into the data and coming up with an actionable um Step that we could now take with a reasonable expectation of improving results we can also look at hook rate in conjunction with video average playtime now in this scenario because these are short videos this video average play time I don't think is very useful um but we might see for certain ads for example that the hook rate is nice and high like let's take this one at 16% but the video average play time would be significantly lower than the other video ads in which case that would really show us that either the hook is a little bit misleading and not connected enough to the rest of the ads or that the meat of this ad so after the hook the main the main content of the ad um is not as engaging it's not keeping as people there for longer so this is where when we dig into the into the secondary metrics we can start to pair them and start to put together a a picture and an understanding of what's going on here and combining both hook rate and with the end result and then hook rate with video average play time can help do that these are really short videos so the video average play time is all really low um and that's fine but in some scenarios you will get more uh interesting and more revealing data in these two columns if we running video ads we will also take a look at hook rate and combine that with the clicky rate link clicks remember okay so if we scroll over to our CTR and we see that certain ads have a better a really good hook rate but say a lower CTR so let's say they' got a hook rate of over 10% but a CTR of lower than 0.5% which is really quite a low CTR um for link clicks then that might tell us that the ad is engaging it's grabbing people at the beginning but people aren't convinced enough to go ahead and click once they've watched the video ad so there might be two fixes for that either you just need to improve your Auer like the ad got their attention they were interested it was engaging but they got the offer they understood what it was and they were like I'm not really interested in this that could be a possibility or it could be that there's just not enough proof that you can deliver on what your promise is so if we ran an ad for our Facebook advertising services for example and we put something really engaging in the front and got a really good um hook rate but we weren't getting a lot of clicks it might be like okay we're putting this in front of say cold audiences they don't believe that we can deliver the results that we're talking about therefore we need to show more proof in our case we need to show more testimonials screenshots of client accounts things like that so that might be another way to fix it so you can diagnose okay we've got people to this stage but if they're just not clicking through they're not they're either not interested enough in the offer or they don't believe we can deliver on the promise well enough so that's what we then need to address in the next video ads that we create try and put in more proof or try and improve the offer so we can increase that click-through rate that might be something that we look to to diagnose in this scenario we've got decent click-through rates um on all three of these video ads it's not as um revealing in fact the click-through rates correlate somewhat with the hook rate so that doesn't really indicate that this is a problem in this scenario but I'm just trying to run you through example scenarios of what might happen there and when we might make that change so leaving hook rate behind um another metric that we might look at in conjunction with how everything's performing would be clickthrough rate so if we take a look at our clickr rate and we see it's good anything above 1% is decent if you're getting over say 2% you're doing really well remember this is link clicks not um all clicks uh because of very different things so let's say we're getting a good clickthrough rate a 1.5 click-through rate or something for something really solid um but we're not people aren't actually converting so let's say we're advertising an e-commerce uh business we're advertising products directly and we're getting a conversion rate from people who have clicked to be able to convert that's like .7% anything under 2% would normally be considered on the core aside for uh for an e-commerce business although again that can vary massively um then that tells us that the landing page isn't doing the job then it's not an ads issue at all the ad if it's a video ad it got them to engage it got them to click if it's an image ad it got them to click through um and they're just getting to the landing page and they're not taking the next step could be because the landing page isn't congruent enough could be because on the landing page there's like a shipping fee that people didn't expect it could be because there's not enough proof not enough testimonials and reviews and things like that of of the product service to get them to take the next step but it helps us diagnose okay this is the issue good click-through rate but bad overall results there's a good chance that um that's because the landing page isn't doing its part of the job and isn't doing as well as it could be now of course you have to run these things through a common sense filter because you could have an ad that is like engagement bait almost um designed to get people to interact with it gets lots of clicks but you're not really promoting the product or service in its entirety or properly in the ad and therefore doesn't convert that's not really the landing page is because there's not enough congruity between the ad and the landing page in that sort of scenario so you do need to run all these things through a common sense filter um but hopefully that's a good framework of a few examples there of like okay if this happens might be because of this if this doesn't happen it might be because of this and you can go about optimizing and working on the things that are the constraint of your sales funnel improving those and hopefully getting better results and I just want to reiterate that you don't want to optimize in the first instance for metrics like cpms uh cpcs even hook rate uh clickthrough rates things like that in the first instance you want to be optimizing based on your cost per conversion or your return on ad spend and that's because some of the times these metrics they won't correlate so you might have row ass numbers that like we showed an example here with the hook rate being 16% for one ad versus 10% for another ad but the 16% hook rate ad is producing a more expensive cost per purchase than the um 10% uh hook hook rate ad so sometimes they won't correlate and there are all sorts of reasons for that so let's take C cpms for example so that's cost per thousand Impressions some advertisers will optimize for the lowest cpms thinking cheaper Facebook ads it's like right but your cpms are going to be more expensive if your ads are being put in front of higher quality audiences because other advertisers want to reach them that's why they're more expensive to advertise to Facebook ads operates with an auction system the more uh demand there is for certain individuals to have ads put in front of them the more you are going to pay to reach them and guess what high net worth individuals business owners a lot of people that you want to be advertising to they're going to cost more to advertise to so you might see a high CPM but you might convert a lot better because these people are a better quality audience uh likewise with click-through rates an image ad will very often get a better click-through rate than a video ad because it's so easy and quick and simple to consume and particularly if there's any curiosity around it people to click through but maybe they don't convert as well once they get to the landing page because there's there wasn't the video ad there to help them convert to help convince them to buy the product or service whereas with the video ad less people go through it so less people click but you've laid a lot of the groundwork and the foundations to help get people to the point where they're going to be um ready to convert so don't optimize for those use those to understand what's going on and then inform your future ad creation is there a discrepency between link clicks and landing page views yes big one okay have we got an issue with campaign setup I we using traffic campaigns and our ads are being shown on the Audience Network or um is there an issue with the landing page load speed okay are hook rates really good average play time is rubbish right so that Hook's good but we need to fix the rest of the video out average play time is good hook rate's good but CTR is low okay people don't like the offer or there's not enough proof so you can go through these things and based on what you see you pair these secondary metrics you get a picture and that can help um inform and I know that's all a little bit bitty and can be a bit confusing but hopefully you've uh grabbed some some helpful things there right one other thing I want to go through um as part of analysis I think it's really really useful is looking at the chart data Cu uh Matt has done a really good job I think of giving us more information that's going to help us improve our results so if we click alongside this uh this ad up here the one that's had most of the spending got most of the conversions and then once we've uh selected it we can go ahead and click on view charts right so we can see basic data like you know 60 website purchases £25 each ,00 spent on it so you can see it's relatively short time frame this has run for um and then we can go down and see some really interesting demographic data so you can see that advertising this Facebook ads Mastery offer um it is 83% mail which is really quite High um and the cost per result was better um advertising to men now I wouldn't necessarily use this data and then go and change our targeting settings but what I might do is change the messaging on future ads so 83% is probably not quite enough for us to be like specifically speaking to men in our ad copy but if that was 93% I'd be like we probably want to directly make it very clear and I'm sure you've seen ads that directly speak to him directly speak to men directly speak to all different groups of people um in their copy because that could help improve our performance with that group yes it will put off a a different subsection of people but if we're already getting the vast majority of results from one subsection you know this could be gender it could be age it could be all sorts of things right um then you might want to go ahead and uh and make that change platform data is also really interesting you can take a look at you know reach is slightly higher on Instagram versus Facebook but you can see that 36 results generated from Facebook purchases 24 from Instagram with a similar amount spent so shows that Facebook is significantly better performer for uh this offer I was say for my business but that's not necessarily true across the board uh for this offer specifically SC down we can see all the ad previews and stuff um see this is a Facebook ads Mastery ad and then we get down to this and I think this for video ads is absolutely fantastic so this shows the drop off as people are going through um the video ad what they're seeing and you can see it in time with with what's going on like how many people made it through to 75% how many people made it through to various percentages but I actually think the line is the most useful and what you'll see here I think is really valuable is where do you get more of a drop off than you might expect and where do you get less of a drop off than you might expect so this is kind of smaller Hopey we can see it zoomed in so between 13 seconds and 14 seconds if it moves over you can see if I move my cursor right the way there's there's a bit more of a dip just down there the same happens between where are we uh same happens between 10 seconds and 11 seconds there's like just this little bit more of a dip than if that curve was was going along so that shows me that whatever we're doing in that second specifically not so great maybe we don't do that next time cuz people aren't as interested okay whereas there are other parts that are completely flat so if you look between 8 seconds and 10 seconds that's basically completely flat you can see 6% of people are making it between those time frames so whatever we've got there is great people are really liking that they're sticking around and then there be other flat section I mean this section even goes up right so we've got here between 14 seconds we've got 4% and 15 seconds it actually goes up to 5% now that may not be correct that might be because this is as you can see at the bottom still in development it might be not right but that might show that okay that part's really like absolutely that part is great um that's holding people so you can really get into the data here and you can see like you know there's obviously always going to be a big drop off at the beginning but if you go through an analyze the various sections particularly obviously with video ads you can see okay do less of the stuff that gets people to stop watching more of the stuff that holds people's retention and that's going to increase your average play time and most likely uh improve your results cuz if more people watch the video more people make it to the end more people click on the link more people go ahead and purchase become a lead Etc so spend a little bit of time in this not just looking at the demographic platform data but also if you've got a video ad really digging into um this information here I think it's it's really valuable so hopefully that is helpful when it comes to analyzing your Facebook ads and improving your results if it is please go ahead and subscribe just takes half a second and I will see you on another video very soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [7 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @sheikhmudassir7193: What is the formula for Hook Rate?
  3. @bdc-muzik: Those bugs are maddening
  4. @JeffreyColemanMc-x3w: 👍
  5. @verdeath2657: thanks!
  6. @Alim.alHakim: Help me understand, I have a 16% unique link click-through ratio, am I tripping or....
  7. @yarahikal4249: This was really helpful. Thank you!
  8. @rorisangkhadienyane6095: This is an amazing video. I'm a beginner but I have learned so much. Advice, as a beginner, watch Meta Ads beginner video (" How to create Mets Ads") first before coming here for better contect and understanding metrics better.
  9. @gavinwiener: 14:15 

So would it be correct in saying...if we're driving them to a call or webinar (where the sale happens on the backend), we're going to optimise for cost per result (which would be an opt-in, call booked, or registration for example)

(We just might have to push that data back using Meta CAPI)

But then again, couldn't you push back a "Purchase" event as well and optimise for Return on Ad Spend still?
  10. @JamTradings: Not sure if you'll see this but I've been enjoying your content and I just wanted to run this past you if possible please.

I have a product that makes around £5 if one of them sells. The sale price is £12.50 (plus £2.15 of free P&P if total order £20+) I had another meta ads youtuber (who I'm not going to name) tell me these are bad numbers and impossible to scale. Most I've had so far is 4 sales of a £30 ad spend and my account is still fairly new as am I to meta ads in general. My BEROAS is about 3.05 which I definitely wouldn't have said is bad but hearing that it is has kinda took the wind out of my sales. I've sold over 1000 of these on eBay and I felt like they would be a good product to kickstart my store. Not only that but a lot of my products sit around this profit so if they really are crappy numbers then it's not looking good for me lol any type of feedback is greatly appreciated
  11. @wisdomezeoguchannel: Thank you so much Ben. I’m subscribed already.

Your videos are void of ambiguity, truth-centered and easy to follow. Thank you once more.
  12. @duddukurikishore1305: Who are going to watch this video, I say one thing to you, 100 % it's a worth video to watch.
  13. @THEHVACSQUAD: any advice for HVAC business owners on how to advertise?
  14. @smiless101: Iam running fb ads and having 1.5%ctr with high link clicks but the conversion is zero why ?? Note : customer goes to whatsup business after clicking ads and that's my intention but no one messaging me why ?! I need help here urgently 😢
  15. @haleymcdonald197: Hi! I don’t see hook rate as an option. Also, it is normal to have very high CPMs when you first start off with a new ad account?
  16. @snigddhaphalke9856: THE video i was looking for! I am so glad i found this! I have struggling with analysis since some time now. Thanks a lot for this video Ben! 

I would really love to see a video like this on google search ads campaign performance analysis!
  17. @jamesh7395: Awesome, value content - thank you.
  18. @CasualCravers-fashion: more talk but no in hand teching
  19. @MusheghHakobyan-o7z: This was really helpful. Thanks man for making this video.
  20. @lucabongers-q1k6g: is this only sales or?

- Facebook Ads Budgeting: How to Forecast Your Costs: Kind: captions Language: en - How much do Facebook ads even cost? And where do you start with setting your ad budget? In this video I'm gonna walk you through my exact process for defining an ad budget based on your sales goals. And at the end, I'm going to share an example of a few different funnels, and the different conversions you should expect with each effect. (upbeat music) First step in determining your ad budget is to define how much revenue you wanna generate with your Facebook ads in the next 30 days. And then we will work backwards from there to achieve that revenue goal. Once you have that sales goal, (air whooshing) you need to figure out how many sales and actual units you need to sell. So that means that total revenue goal divided by the cost or the average cost of your offer. And that will tell you how many units you wanna sell. For example, if I wanted to make $10,000 in the next 30 days running ads, and I had a $1,000 product I would need to sell 10 units of that product. So I would know my goal is $10,000 and 10 different sales. Now, once we have the number of units we wanna sell to achieve our sales, we need to define either how many landing page views we need from our ads or leads. And the way we do that is we figure out our average sales conversion. So I'm gonna walk you guys through a couple of industry averages. If you have data on your own from anything you've previously done, absolutely use that and plug this into this formula. So first, if your business is set up where you get email leads and then you sell to customers through a webinar or through a video series, something like that, you're defining how many email leads you need to achieve your sales goal. And we need to come up with a sales conversion of those leads. We're going to just use 5% to make it easy. If you have a really expensive product, you will have a lower sales conversion. If you have a really inexpensive product under $300, you might have a higher sales conversion. Feel free to adjust this for your business. So then we take the number of sales we just defined and we divide that by our sales conversion we've chose. So we would do 10 divided by five and we will multiply that by a hundred. That equals 200. So I need 200 email leads. Now, if you run ads straight from the ad to a product, we have to calculate how many landing page views you need. So let's say 7% of all the people who land on your sales page, buy your product. We'll take that sales goal, let's use 10 again as an example, divide it by seven, times 100. So we'll need approximately 143 people to land on our page to then buy our product. Once we have these numbers, we can determine our ad spend budget by multiplying either by the cost per lead or the cost per landing page view. Don't worry if you don't know your average cost per lead. It can range anywhere from two to $10 depending on your industry, depending on how much your offer is, and depending on what you're sending them to. Let's start with the lead example. Now I'm gonna use an average cost of $4 cost per lead. In order to get 200 leads, we'll multiply by four. We need to spend $800 in ad spend to get those 200 leads. Now look at the landing page view example. The average landing page view costs 50 cents to $3. So if we took 143 times a dollar we would need to spend $143. Now this is the question most people will have at this point, what if I get to this step and I don't wanna spend that much money on my ads? What you'll have to do is just use this formula and go back and adjust it until your sales goal matches a reasonable ad spend goal. And that's one of the most important reasons that you do this before running ads. This is what stops people from boosting posts or throwing things out there and hoping they work because we're going to go into this very intentionally. I'm gonna spend $800 to make $10,000. So let's say instead of selling 10 of those courses, you put your goal as 100. You wanna do $100,000 in the next 30 days selling those courses. You would say, I wanna sell 100 courses at that 5% sales conversion. Means that you need 2000 leads at that $4 cost per lead. Our ad spend would then be $8,000. And you keep playing with these numbers until your budget aligns with your sales goal, and it's something you're willing to spend based on where you're at today in your business. If your budget is feeling too high, then you can decrease your sales goal, or you can play with your conversion numbers to get it to a place where it matches what you're willing to spend today. Now, if you get here and your budget is too low and you're actually willing to spend more, then increase that budget and you'll also be able to increase your sales goal. I do have some general rules of thumb when planning out your budget. The first one is I recommend having a minimum of $500 to put towards your Facebook ads. I feel like anything less than that, it's not really worth it and you don't get the traction. The other rule of thumb comes with that average conversion rate. Business to consumer marketing is very different from business to business marketing. Generally in the business to consumer space, you're gonna have a lot less cost per lead and cost per landing page view, you'll be on that lower end of the averages. But your sales conversion will be a little bit lower. The consumers usually need a couple more touch points with your brand, and they're a little bit harder to sell to. But in the business to business space, you'll probably pay higher cost per lead. You might be on that higher end of the industry averages but then if you actually successfully get someone to your landing page or to your webinar, your sales conversion will be higher. So those are a few things to take into consideration depending on your business and your industry when planning out these metrics. Before I get into the next tip, do you mind hitting the like button? It really helps our channel out. Now let's look at what these numbers look like with a few specific funnels. Let's start with the webinar funnel. So with a webinar, an average cost per webinar registration is anywhere from $3 to $10. If you are in an industry targeting consumers, again you'll probably be at the lower end. And targeting business owners, you'll probably be at that higher end. Let's look at a high ticket sales funnel where you would be selling people through a call or an application into your higher level service. In this sales funnel usually about one to 3% of your leads will actually purchase. And it might vary how you're getting them to that call. So if you're using a webinar, you'll fall within that three to $10 average cost per webinar registration as well. And finally, let's look at an e-commerce funnel. This would also be relevant to a self-liquidating offer funnel if you have a very low priced digital product and you're going straight from your ad to your product, you will pay an average of 50 cents to $3 for that landing page view, and you should be converting anywhere from five to 10% of that traffic. Now I know that was a ton of numbers. So feel free to go back and screenshot that chart and come back to it any time. Now it's time to build the funnel that is right for your business and your unique goals. This is the first video in my complete Facebook ad process. Click here to watch the playlist of all the rest of them. Or here's another video that I think you might like.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GrantCX [3 likes]: Amazing content, straight to the point, value rich without empty filling to prolong watch time 

I will definitely subscribe!
  2. @tellednelle4173 [3 likes]: Quick question:
At 3:17 into the video, I don't understand your AD SPEND budget calculation.
If I do the math with the following variables, it's not making sense to me:
Assuming a sales goal of $20,000 with an Average Cart Value of $50 and a Cost Per Lead of $1 WIth a 7% Conversion Rate...
Your equation would yield:
20,000/50=400 Sales Required
400*7=2,800 Leads
It is this part of the equation that I think is a bit off, here's why:
If I take 7% of 2,800 leads, I come up with 196 sales, not 400.
I think the correct equation should be DIVIDED BY, NOT MULTIPLIED BY Conversion Rate.
400/.07 = Approximately 5,714 Leads
This would yield the correct number of leads required to yield 400 sales at a 7% conversion rate.
The rest of the equation seems to be correct.
5,714*1=$5,714 Ad Spend Budget
.
Please let me know if I am mistaken. I'm literally working this out right now for my kick-off FB ad campaign and I'm not sure what to budget.
  3. @SocialMediaExaminer [2 likes]: 🏆Create a Winning Facebook Ads Strategy: The Complete Guide [Playlist] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcAMFtfAtnQ&list=PLyqdnWmgSb_bbeTmT-07kjk7AYJolxKtI&index=1
  4. @shaonkaminecki5966 [2 likes]: Very thought provoking.  Question: if you are in B2C retail, do you measure wholesale or retail costs when setting your goal.  If your goods have a 50% margin, should you set a sales goal, for example, of selling $1000 of goods or set your goal at $500, because you had to pay $500 for the goods.
  5. @jennwaughmedia [1 likes]: but how can you ensure you get the $4/lead
  6. @supriyanaiya3433 [1 likes]: Amazing Calculation and great information ❣️
  7. @andyrao7700 [1 likes]: How do you determine cost per lead, and conversion rate if it's a multi step funnel. On fb ads it's usually an advert with a video, on which % viewed can be a determinant to retarget that audience which is warmer with a webinar or a landing page funnel. In this case will you add cost of landing page viewed and number of people who viewed the video ad toghether to get to the final metric. Industry in question can be a complex medical product and is B2C
  8. @erickjaimel: Where do you get industry standards?
  9. @VishalKashyap-o8l: Insightful
  10. @Willie-p5l: @ 4:30 you state as rule of thumb, to invest no less than $500 on FB Ads.  Is that monthly or for the lifetime of the ad?
  11. @suntaramusic: You are amazing! Thank you! Do you do 1:1 Coaching as well?
  12. @Lahiru_C: Great content  👌👏👍
  13. @mahutin2: My Ad Spend Budget ends up being higher than my Revenue Goal whenever I use the realistic costs and conversion rates.

What do I do?
  14. @donl1279: May I know the difference between cost per landing page view and cost per lead? I thought the lead is the same to the landing page view.
  15. @com5591: to get 2000 sales id need to spend 100k? avg conversion rate is 2%
  16. @traken001: what I really would like to know is more is about how to maintain order in the ads manager, audience interfaces or maybe what are the best practice for naming and maintaining the campaigns in order that would be really helpful, thanks so much for all ur content
  17. @tellednelle4173: I should also add... this video is outstanding. Thanks.
  18. @christiane785: Helpful... thanks!
  19. @moniquecassis7854: Cool seeing Emily here! :)
  20. @dexenthamzanadeem3843: helooo maam how are you I hope you are fine I have one question maam and I hope you reply me maam I have one group about relationship my group is near to 847k plus community but group engagement probelm alwyas it's now in -16 i don't know I have much focus on group I always everyday many quotes post but why group is decreasing what reason peoples leaving and also engagement is in -16 how to solve this problem please reply me I'm waiting for your reply please guide me

- How to Predict When Your Facebook Ad Will Die (3-5 Days Before It Does): Kind: captions Language: en Every media buyer knows this feeling. You have a winning ad, it's printing money, you scale the budget, [music] and then seemingly overnight the performance fall off quickly. The ROAS drops, the CPA spikes, and you're >> [music] >> left scrambling to launch new creatives before the client notice. Most people treat creative fatigue like an unpredictable weather event. It just happens and you react to it. But what if I told you that creative fatigue isn't unpredictable at all? What if I told you that your ad account is giving a specific, measurable warning signs three to five days before the performance actually crashes. In this video, I'm going to show you the creative fatigue prediction model. This is the exact framework my team uses to forecast when an ad is going to die so we can replace it before it starts losing money. If you're waiting for your ROAS to drop before you refresh your creative, you're already too late. By the time ROAS declines, you have already spent thousands of dollars in efficient impressions. You burned through your profit margin. And worse, because you're reacting to the drop, you now have a gap in performance while you wait for new creatives to exit the learning phase and to pick up some of the performance. The reactive cycle is why so many ad accounts look like a roller coaster. A week of great performance followed by a week of terrible performance. To actually break this that cycle, you have to stop looking at the lagging indicators like ROAS and CPA and start looking at the leading [music] indicators. There are three metrics that will tell you when an ad is about to fatigue, and you need to monitor them daily. So indicator number one is frequency velocity. [music] Everybody knows to look at frequency, but the absolute number is not what it matters. Frequency of two might be fine for retargeting, but pretty bad for prospecting. [music] What matters is the velocity of frequency. How fast is it increasing relative to the spend? If you increase your budget by 20% and your frequency jumps from 1.5 to 1.8 in two days, the algorithm is telling you something critical. It's telling [music] you that you cannot find new pockets of the high intent buyers for these specific creatives. It's being forced to show the ad to the same audience multiple times to spend your daily budget. And frequency velocity spikes, a ROAS crash is usually 48 to 72 hours away. Indicator number two, the click-through rate decay curve. Click-through rate naturally decays over time. That's normal, but it doesn't decay in a straight line. It decays in a curve. When an ad is healthy, [music] click-through rate might drop from 2.5 to 2.2 over a week or two. That's slow, manageable decay. But when an ad hits audience saturation, the click-through rate will drop sharply, for example, from 2.2 to 1.4 in a week. The sharp drop is the inflection point. That means the core audience has seen the ad, decided not to click, and is now actively ignoring [music] it. If your click-through rate drops by more than 30% in 7 days, the ad is pretty much dying. Indicator number three, CPM inflation. This is the one that most people miss. When an ad is [music] highly engaging, Facebook algorithm rewards it with a lower CPM. As the ad fatigues and engagement drops, Facebook start penalizing the ad in the auction. If your click-through rate is decaying and your CPM is simultaneously inflating by 15% or more, the algorithm is actively choking off your ad's delivery. [music] You're paying more money for less engaged traffic. So, how do we use these three indicators [music] to predict fatigue? We use a simple scoring system. Every week, we look at these three triggers on our top-spending ads. One, did frequency increase by more than 0.3 in the last 7 days? Did click-through rate drop by more than 30% from its 7-day average? Did CPM [music] increase by more than 50% from its 7-day average? When an ad hits one of these triggers, it's a yellow light. We want it to be closely watched, but we do not panic. When an ad hits two of these triggers simultaneously, it's a red light. The ad will fatigue within three to five days. This is a signal to brief the [music] creative team, pull new variations from the pipeline, and launch replacement tests immediately. >> If an ad hits all of these three triggers, it's already dead, even if the ROAS hasn't fully crashed yet. The conversions you're getting are likely delayed attribution from earlier clicks, so you should scale down the budgets immediately. Okay, so when the model predicts fatigue, how do you refresh the creatives without losing the momentum? Don't just turn off the old ad and launch completely new concept. That introduced too much variance [music] cuz this ad can still bring decent performance although it is fatigue. Instead, use what I call micro refresh. Take the dying ad, keep the core angle, keep the main [music] script, change first couple of seconds regardless of the Andromeda update. If the original ad started with a questions, test a new version that starts with a bold statement or with a TikTok widget. Test another version that starts with a native UGC visual hook. Test a third version with text on the screen instead of voice over. [music] Give the same script to another creator. I know it's not Andromeda friendly, but it works because you know the core angle works and the ad would not have scaled in the first place if the angle was [music] bad. Changing the hook is often enough to reset the algorithm and bypass the blindness that caused the ad fatigue regardless of Andromeda. Launch these micro refreshes in your A/B testing campaign in a new ad set while the original ad is still [music] running. As the original ad finally crashes, the micro refreshes will be ready to take over the spend and performance. So, here's the takeaway. Creative fatigue is not act of God. It's a mathematical [music] certainty and it leaves footprints in your data even before it happens. Stop managing your ad account by looking at the rearview mirror. Stop waiting for us to drop. Build a prediction model into your daily routine. Watch your frequency velocity, your click rate decay, and your CPM inflation. When you see the signals, act. Launch your micro refreshes before the crash happens. This is how you turn a roller coaster into a consistent scalable machine. If you enjoyed this content, [music] click like and subscribe. If you're spending at least 50k a month and want me to scale your ad account and keep an eye your ad account performance same as I explained in this video, just book a call with me below and let's take your ad account to the next level. See you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @WorkModedtc: tnx
  2. @Titanx177: Thanks, Marin! Soon will be working with you 🌞
  3. @evanpoulnais7020: Thanks you so much for the french traduction

- The Future of Facebook Ads (Do This Before 2026): Kind: captions Language: en Meta has shut down certain detailed targeting audiences. They've completely ripped apart attribution. The entire platform has changed drastically in the last year. And as a result, some advertisers are seeing CPMs spike. They're seeing return on ad spends drop, cost per acquisition go in the wrong direction, and overall, Facebook has never been more challenging than it is today. And the craziest part is that this is just the beginning. There are countless changes that you're likely not even aware of. And the advertisers that figure out how to navigate these changes best are going to completely dominate the market while others are going to be priced out. Now, I've been tracking some major shifts happening right now that are completely reshaping Facebook advertising as we know it. If you want to profitably run Facebook ads in 2026, then what I'm about to share could potentially save you tens, if not hundreds, of thousands of dollars [music] in wasted ad spend. If you're wondering why you should listen to me, I've been running Facebook ads for the greater part of 11 years. I've worked at VaynerMedia, BarkBox, and now I run The Moon Liters where we work with nearly 100 brands right now across all different verticals, spending anywhere from $10,000 a month all the way up to multiple hundreds of thousands of dollars per month. So, to help you prepare for the future, I put together a list of my three most pillar tent [music] poles that you need to nail in 2026 to scale profitably. I'll break down what these changes actually mean, the exact systems that you can follow and copy into your business so that you can implement them for 2026. And it doesn't matter if you're spending $10 a day, $100 a day, $1,000 a day, or $20,000 a day. These are core principles, the same things that we use at The Moon Liters for our clients, no matter the size of the brand. The first major shift is one that is real. This is not observation. This is a shift that has happened. The old algorithm is now the new Andromeda algorithm. What we need to understand here is what is this shift? Why is it so important? And how are we adapting to it with structure first. So, first off, the Andromeda algorithm has been a shift from audience to creative targeting. Now, what this very simply means is in the old algorithm, you would choose your audience, whether it's broad, interest, lookalikes, whatever, and the creatives you push into that ad set get targeted from that interest group. This has now flipped. Instead of an interest or a broad target deciding who the ads are going to be shown to, that has completely reversed. We now have a situation where whatever ads are within your ad set define the targeting on an individual level. This means that, yes, you could have completely different ads in the same ad set that target two very different people. It also means that you could have multiple ad sets in the same campaign targeting completely different people, even if the targeting, the interest group, or the broad is 100% the same. Now, I don't want to get too conceptual on this, but what this means is that your creative concepts matter more than ever. And the structure that we actually like to deploy to solve for Andromeda that we've proven out across 80-plus accounts at this point is one of with swim lanes. Now, swim lanes are a very simple philosophy that we need to separate prospecting, retargeting, and retention. So, the important part about swim lanes is that you as the advertiser actually know where you're spending your money. One of the biggest flaws that we see with Facebook is that it overspends on engage and existing customers. It's fine to spend a lot of money on engage. It's fine to spend a lot of money on existing customers. But what I don't like is when advertisers or brands that we work with think that they're spending money on prospects. They think they're spending money on new customers when in reality, they're actually spending a boatload of that cash on existing and engage, which they believe they're targeting in other places like email, SMS, and other retargeting methods. What we like to do is make sure that our swim lanes are clearly defined. Our first swim lane is prospecting. This is generally a CBO prospecting campaign mixed with a boatload of ad sets. Those could be a combination of broad and interest groups, even lookalikes if you'd like to give them a shot. The important part is that we're grouping a lot together in one campaign, and we are creating a hyper-competitive environment. I want to actually say that twice. A hyper-competitive environment is one of the most important things that you could have in a Facebook ads account because you're actually giving the algorithm some power to decide where to spend your money. Now, this is very, very different than a one campaign method or just throwing everything into one ad set because you could actually define minimum, maximum budgets and even put exclusions on things at the ad set level within your prospecting campaigns. That's the control, that's the levers that we like to have on our side without just giving all the power to Facebook. The second and third swim lanes are retargeting and retention. Retargeting is anyone who's visited your site and anyone who's engaged with your business. They know about you, very simple. Retention, on the other hand, is anyone who's purchased. This isn't someone who's added to cart. This isn't someone who almost purchased. They've handed you money. That is a very big difference between retargeting and retention. We want to make sure we're treating each of these buckets separately, we're dedicating our budget accordingly, and even in some cases curating the creative to each of these buckets. But most of the time, it's okay to have the same creatives in each with a big testing environment in our prospecting CBO. And you might ask, why? Why does this fix Andromeda? Why does this fix the issue that everyone seems to have in the back of their mind? It's actually quite simple. It starts in the prospecting CBO campaign. The prospecting CBO campaign now has the capability to spend its cash wherever it wants, meaning your audiences can individually be targeted per creative. So, think about it like this. If you separated all of your ad sets or all of your creative concepts into different campaigns, then you're controlling the budget. $200 here, $200 here, $200 here. But grouping these together, what it actually does is it allows you to still see very clearly with organized ad sets, set minimums and maximum budgets if you need, and with your total budget, so 200, 200, 200 equaling 600 on a total CBO budget, Facebook will distribute wherever the cash is best spent. And I know one issue that a lot of people have is that certain creatives don't get any spend. I'm here to tell you this is a feature, not a bug, most of the time. Not all the time. Most of the time, Facebook is saving you cash by doing this. So, what I would advise, if you really feel like there's an ad that you've put a lot of time or effort into, set a minimum budget, make sure it gets $25, $50 a day, let it ramp up a little bit. If it doesn't work after 7 days, kill that minimum budget. Okay, so our structures are complete. The second shift that I have seen and that basically everyone has seen because it actually happened. This is not theoretical. The second shift that has happened in Facebook ads in the last year is massive changes to attribution and measurement. We all remember when the conversions API came out. We all remember iOS 14.5, the doom days of Facebook. But things have changed a lot. We've seen interest targeting be removed. We've seen adjustments to how and who we can target, who we can exclude, who we can add. We saw an era of Advantage Plus sales campaigns. But now, targeting and really all the features are kind of coming back to us, which is a good thing. it comes to measurement, this is one of the places where we need to be accurate. And that accuracy has improved drastically with the introduction of incremental attribution. Now, I want to challenge all of these third-party attribution softwares because they do have their place, but I think people get too excited about them when we actually have the best tool natively built into Facebook. Think about it like this. Hyros, Triple Whale, and all third-party attribution platforms have only access to certain amounts of data. Imagine Facebook only had click-based data. The only signal that we were able to optimize on and the only algorithm input was click-based purchases. If that was the case and there was a third-party platform that came out that had the ability to see view purchases, click purchases, incremental purchases, and every engagement, every search, every like, favorite, comment, share that you've ever done over all time on your social platforms, I think everyone would pay boatloads of money for that third-party platform. And that is exactly what Meta is capable of doing with its standard attribution. It sounds so boring because it's built in, and there's fancy tools with great marketing slogans that actually sell us into programs that don't do as much as the actual Facebook tracking. And I don't want to discredit these tools because there are some use cases where they're great. But when it comes to measurement, the best measurement is Meta's measurement. They care so much about it. I was at a Facebook conference just a few months ago where they were breaking down their improvements to the measurement. They were breaking down every little, tiny detail you'd imagine. It felt like patch notes in a video game. And I think this single thing, attribution and measurement, is the key difference between why Facebook and Instagram are so much better at advertising than other platforms like TikTok and Snapchat. So, all this said, the shift and the application that I am prescribing here is to use more incremental attribution on your ads. There's actually two things I would advise to most businesses. Most businesses should generally run 7-day click, 1-day view. However, you should be optimizing your ads on incremental attribution. These are conversions that happened because of Facebook, not Facebook slipping in at the last second to get that conversion and take credit. And the second thing that I would advise basically every single business, what we do at The Moon Liters here with every single business, is we always measure back to our actual Shopify or e-commerce store results. So, just because Facebook says you got a 5x return on ad spend and drove this many new customers, doesn't mean it's always true. Their measurement isn't perfect, although I do think it is the best of. I think that generally speaking, you always want to measure back to what you're seeing in Shopify. What we like to do on our side is we like to show our total spend, total new customers, total revenue. That gets us blended ROI metrics, not ROAS, but return on investment total for the business, MER or marketing efficiency ratio, and then finally, NCPA or new customer cost per acquisition. These are all really good metrics to just keep a pulse on, and we always like to measure back to one king goal. Your king goal, the most important goal you have, is one goal that overrides all other goals. This is your business health goal, and I think every single brand out there should have a king goal. Back in my day at BarkBox, we used to say CAC or cost per acquisition is king. The only thing we cared about was hitting our cost per acquisition goal, and whatever that goal was on any given month, as long as we achieved that goal, everyone was happy. Now, if we scaled, excellent, we're good. And if we came down, okay, as long as we're under that cost per acquisition target. That is the philosophy that I have personally now applied to hundreds of businesses that we work with at The Moon Liters across my team. And the third shift that I have seen, which actually ties very well into one and two here, is a creative shift. I've never seen more of a push by Facebook ads to get more creative and more concepts of creative delivered. I've talked about the creative flywheel before. I've talked about the need to have multiple different ad creatives in your account. So, ad creative one might cause a reaction from this age, ad creative two might cause a reaction from this age and gender, where all different creatives actually stack up to create a nice halo where you're really reaching all of your possible audiences that will buy your product. Now, to put this very straight, you need a very simple flywheel system when you're building your creatives. And the purpose of that flywheel is to create constant new content pillars. Now, what everyone else is saying is you need diverse creative. This isn't true. You need to stack creative pillars. So, if UGC in car as a creative pillar works really well for you, then create a whole lot of UGC in car. If static images with black backgrounds and your product work lot of that concept. The thing that we're seeing in the market right now is that the biggest brands are establishing their pillars, and they're going very deep on those pillars. We're not just throwing spaghetti at the wall and trying every new creative concept, and then always trying to reinvent. What we're actually doing is finding these pillars, establishing what works for our business, understanding that each pillar might perform different. UGC in car is going to perform very different than ugly ads, but both might drive our target. One just might have way more spend behind it, one might have less spend behind it. It doesn't mean that we're not building each of those pillars. So, when it comes to building your creative depth and these pillars, as long as you're maintaining that constant flywheel, that analyzing your data, figuring out what you need to create, creating, launching, and waiting just a few days, that nonstop flywheel is going to keep your account moving forward, which is so critical. Now, as we talked about in the beginning of this video, Andromeda released just a few months ago. And while you're in the midst of nailing these three pillars, it's also really important you get your campaign structure right. So, click this video right here where I go through my entire structure step by step, so you can copy and paste it into your ad account, or adjust your ads to make sure you're at least following the core concepts. That's all for today. If you have questions, let me know in the comments below. I try to reply to as many as I possibly can. I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kylehale9660 [13 likes]: Fb still spending 99% of my budget on 1 creative.
  2. @pablodemarchi09 [5 likes]: Hi Sam! Writing this from Argentina.

I implemented your "swimming lanes" system in November, and didn't find significant changes at the beggining, but now, for Christmas sales, I have a BOGO offer that I need to aim at warm audiences that already know my products, and I'm getting 11+ ROAS with my Retargeting campaign, because, thanks to your system, I've been able to:

1) create a big warm audience with my Prospecting campaign; and
2) increase budget exactly where I need it now, which is the Retargeting campaign

It also helped me to stop wasting money in Retention campaigns, since most of my acquisitions (I create board games, and have only a few successful ones) are one-sale only. I only advertise new products on my Retention campaign, and with a minimum budget.

I'm having a great month, and a big part of it is due to your videos. Thank you, and Merry Christmas! 😊
  3. @zellity [4 likes]: I wish there was someone to compete against meta ads. Meta ads service is shit
  4. @AleksZdjelar [2 likes]: Where do you place catalog ads for prospecting — in a separate campaign with catalog+ or as a separate ad set within a prospecting CBO?

And if they’re added as an ad group, how does that impact the performance of the other ad groups?

This is a very important question for a lot of people, I think.
  5. @HomerSimpson411 [2 likes]: Do you have a video on the specific columns we should have in our Ads Manager view in order to track the right metrics? If not a tutorial on this would be very much appreciated!
  6. @Bulletproof_Studios [1 likes]: Hey man! Been loving your stuff, was wondering if you would ever do a video on service based businesses / lead campaign setups etc appreciate this might not be your “ideal” customer but thought it was worth asking 👌🏻

Anyway appreciate you!
  7. @iaevan [1 likes]: Great heads up for the upcoming year, brother.  
btw drink more water and get enough sleep. Pimples are a massive pain in the arse
  8. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l123
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l123
  9. @joshprieto3977: How do you see the new customer metric you mentioned?
  10. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online with multiple product categories (mirrors, buffets, etc.). With Andromeda, would you run one campaign per category, or group all products into a single campaign?
  11. @ayushkumargupta100: Hey Sam, Can you please come up with Video for people who specifically run only Lead Generation Ads...
  12. @pruthviraj1298: Thank you for sharing the insights!
Can you make a video for B2B Meta Ads and how to Scale with very less audience pool?
  13. @Deshady7: What about X
  14. @leejoshua15: Thanks for your insightful sharing. I realised it is near impossible to track actual returns from where I am. Purchases tend to come in from other sort of avenue or we are never really able to properly attribute to the ads. find it a challenge to actually make it work.
  15. @smiless101: Why CBO NOT ABO ??
  16. @mayubeatz: Meta has been doing some unusual things lately. For instance, I’ve had a campaign where I invested $700 over two weeks and achieved a 3.5 return on investment (ROAS). However, when I continued spending $500 on the same campaign without making any changes, I noticed a sudden drop-off in results, literally 0 over the next 10 days. This has been a recurring issue for me when using these campaign structures. Usually, starting a new campaign is necessary to regain momentum.
  17. @LeviForeman-v3q: Hi Sam,

One of my campaign performs really well on low daily budget, but when I double or increase the budget my cost per conversion triples. Can you please give some advice.
  18. @aminehell: For a sales compaign fb spend 100% on the budjet on an ad set that is getting reactions and 0 on the one that has gotten sales . I have to reatribute the budjet manuelly.
  19. @HumailJamal: Please make a video on should we run only broad audience campaigns or we should select audiences as well? Since 99% of the advertisers are saying we should run broad audience campaigns but in this video you have shown different campaigns have different packs of audiences interest based, lookalikes, past purchasers etc. please create a detailed video on this and clarify all the details. Thanks Sam ❤
  20. @GuaranteedPPC: Tracking is really screwed up, that is for sure.  Software like Hyros can help bridge the gap, it's almost required at this point!

- The BEST Facebook Ad Campaign Structure for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads have changed so much over the past 6 to 12 months that have completely changed my recommended Facebook ad campaign structure. Right now, there's a very good chance that you are using an old campaign structure and that it's hurting your results. So, in this video, I'm going to show you my new and updated campaign structure for Facebook ads and Instagram ads. So, one of the biggest changes when we're looking at my new recommended campaign structure in comparison to what we used to recommend is that we now rarely separate out cold and warm audiences. Warm audiences being people that have interacted with your business before. could be website visitors, people on your email list, people who have watched a video of yours on Facebook or Instagram, lots of different types of of warm audiences. And we used to separate those out and we would uh be very specific with the messaging and the budget that we'd allocate to each. And we'd see, okay, we're getting this return on ad spend from our warm audiences versus this return on ad spend from our cold audiences. We rarely do that anymore because of the way that Meta's targeting systems have changed. Um, so just quickly demonstrate what I'm talking about, I'm in an example ad account here. I've created a quick example sales campaign. And if we just jump to the adset level of this, uh, click edit and then go down to the targeting section, we've got controls and we've got suggest an audience being the two main parts of of targeting now. And in the suggestion audience section, if we go ahead and click show settings, we can see custom audiences in here. If I click on this, custom audiences are your warm audiences. Those are the audiences that contain people that have interacted with your business before. So in custom audiences is where you set up things like website, email list, people who follow you on Instagram, etc., etc., Right now, if for example within this ads sets we say I want to target my website visitors. You can come in here and I can it's an example ad account. So I've got all these set up websites visitors 180. Right? You might think okay this adset is now only going to advertise to people that are within that audience that have visited my website in this case within the last 180 days. That is not true. This is within the suggest an audience section. So meta will reach people within this audience. They'll put ads in front of people, but they will also go beyond that to reach other people that Meta believes are going to, in this case, generate a sale because that's what this campaign is set up for. Basically, Meta is going to go beyond your targeting criteria um so that they can help you achieve the objective you've told Meta that you want. Now, because the the custom audience, the warm audience part is within this suggested audience section, if we tried to have say a warm audience adset and a cold audience ads set or a warm audience campaign and a cold audience campaign, there's going to be an enormous amount of overlap because within the cold audience, Meta is going to target your warm audience anyway. Within the warm cold audience anyway. Um, so it seems silly to have the two separate options when we're effectively targeting the same people when we could just consolidate that and benefit from it. I'll talk more about consolidation later on. And you can run experiments to see just how strong the impact of this change is in comparison to what we used to see. What you want to do is you want to go into your advertising settings which I've done here just got up on on another tab. If you just go ahead all tools you'll see advertising settings or you can get it from all tools and then once you come in here you go into audience segments and then what you want to do is make sure that you've got your engaged audience and your existing customers defined. to basically create those custom audiences and then say this is engaged audience, this is existing customers. And you do that within here. And you can see we've got a drop down. You can add in your your custom audiences to uh to both of these. And that basically lets Meta know okay these are people that are customers. These are people that are engaged audience that haven't yet uh made a purchase, haven't become become a customer. And then when you run your ad campaigns, you can see the breakdown of new audience, engaged audience and existing customers of where Meta is spending the money, your budget split, your frequency, etc., etc. Right? In fact, let me quickly show you what this looks like. Right? So, if we look at this ad set here, we can see the breakdown um in results. In this case, website purchase. Of the 93, we can see that nine came from engaged audience, 59 from existing customers. So, this is retargeting heavy. uh 20 from new audience and then we've got a few uncatategorized and unknown but that's not surprising because uh data is you rarely able to track with 100% accuracy. Um and what you will see that's that's really interesting and you run this experiment is that if you set up an adset to target warm audiences so you add in your custom audiences website visitors email list etc etc and then you run that alongside another adset that is set up to target cold audiences. If you look at the data between those two adsets, the split between the conversions and the impressions that come from engaged, existing, and new is often very consistent. As in, with the one adset that's set up for cold audiences, you get the same split as with the other adset set up for warm audiences. In other words, Meta's kind of not paying much attention to the fact that you are trying to advertise cold audience in this adset and warm audience in adset. They're just trying to go out and get you results. They're using your inputs and suggestions and doing their own thing. And that makes it silly to have separate adsets or separate campaigns for cold and warm audiences where Meta is going to target a mixture of the two anyway. Right? So, that's one of the big changes that we're now making is that there are still some rare circumstances where we will separate them out if we really want to change the messaging between different stages of a salesunnel, for example. But that's rare. By default, we're absolutely going to combine both cold and warm audiences into the same campaign and the same adset. So, the next thing we're trying to do with the new campaign structure is consolidate as much as possible. And that applies to both campaigns and adsets. We're going to try and run as few campaigns and as few adsets as possible. Often just using the one campaign and the one adset. I'll explain later on when we do and don't want to uh to do that. Why are we doing that? Well, it's best to combine the data into as few elements as possible. Let's say you generate 70 conversions in a week. Instead of having that spread across 10 different adsets, so seven conversions roughly per adset per week, Meta is going to struggle to optimize those adsets. Going to struggle to get out of the learning phase. Whereas, if that's in one adset, you're generating 70 conversions per week in that one adset. Meta is able to fully optimize. They're able to work out the best time of day to advertise, what ad impression frequency is required, advertise to this person instead of this person, use this ad instead of this ad. all the various points that Meta's system optimizes to get us more of what we want, more sales, more leads, whatever it is we've set up our campaign to optimize for, Meta can do that better with more conversion data. So much better to have that consolidated data into the one campaign, one adset as opposed to spread across lots of different elements that will struggle uh to optimize. Second reason why we want to consolidate is because we want to avoid auction overlap. Now, there's some misconceptions around overlap. A lot of people think I'm talking about audience overlap. When I say auction overlap, I'm not audience overlap would be you've got two different campaigns, two different adsets, and they're targeting a lot of the same audience. Now, that's not ideal, but the whole idea of that's going to increase the cost because you're bidding against yourself is a bit silly. There are thousands of advertisers trying to reach the same people. One extra campaign ad setting that not going to make much difference. But you can run into issues with auction overlap, which is a different thing. Meta systems are now very sophisticated at working out what ad impression frequency is required to get the outcome that you want. So Meta might work out, you know what, we're better off at generating four or five ad impressions for a single individual over a 24 48 hour time period as opposed to spreading out those ad impressions over a week. Well, Meta could plan that really well if it's just got the one campaign, one adset targeting a person, a group of people obviously, but we're talking about one individual user in this case, but targeting um a group of people. If you've got some ad impressions coming from one adset, some ad impressions coming from another adset or different campaigns, much more difficult for Meta to work out that delivery system of right, let's put an ad in front of this person four times over the next 48 hours. Much more difficult for them to be able to uh to do that. So, that's that's the issue that comes up with auction overlap. and you want to take advantage of what Meta's delivery system um is able to do. Okay. So, the next thing we've changed is that we very rarely now test different audiences at the adset or even the campaign level. And that has a lot to do with what we described previously when we're talking about separating out cold and warm audiences. For the same reason that we don't separate those out, meta is kind of going to ignore a lot of your suggestions. They're going to do their own thing when it comes to targeting anyway. is why we won't test different interest targeting options in different adsets or interest targeting versus lookalike versus open targeting. We used to do a lot of that sort of stuff. We don't do that anymore because all of that falls within the suggested audience section unless it's going to do its own thing. There is an exception and that's location-based targeting. We will often test different locations. Now, this would going to depend on the business. Um, so it might be that a business just advertises in one country, that's who they can serve and we're happy just to advertise to the entire country. We're not going to bother testing that. But if we have a business that's international and they want to be able to test between different markets, okay, we want to see how our campaigns perform in the US versus the UK versus Australia, etc., we'll have different campaigns for those. Or if it's a lo local b locally based business that has multiple locations. So, if it's a gym franchise, for example, you might want to test, right, we're going to advertise in this city versus this city versus this city for that that individual unit uh in the local area, people might be interested, and we're going to separate out performance. Now, it's not a coincidence, if I jump back into my example ad account, jump to the adset level, go back into targeting. It's not a coincidence that we will test different um targeting options when it comes to a location basis across different adsets, maybe different campaigns and the location targeting falls within the control section. Like that is not a coincidence. Basically, we are able to do that testing accurately on a location basis whereas we aren't with say different interests or interests versus lookalikes and stuff like that because the control section within targeting here those are hard boundaries. So, we're saying, look, in this adset, just advertise to this local area. In this adset, just advertise to this local area or doing so on a country level or a state level. Um, Meta is going to, for the most part, only advertise to people within that that location. They're not going to treat that as a suggestion and go beyond it where they think it'll help you get um your desired outcome. So, we will do it for location, very rarely for this other stuff, even though we used to do a lot of that. Another reason why we're able to consolidate and use fewer campaigns, fewer adsets, is because Meta can now handle a lot more ads within an adset. So, they used to have a recommendation of don't have five or six ads live in an adset at any one time. Uh the system was less sophisticated before and it would struggle to be able to test those properly and put them in front of people and work out how to do it. It was basically too many variables for the system. That has now changed with Andromeda. with some other updates. Meta is able to handle a lot more ad creative and different ads within um an adset. So the recommendation typically is 20 plus and we will often run adsets with 20 plus. So very different to how we used to have we used to have lots of different campaigns, lots of different adsets and limited number of ads within each adset. Now much fewer campaigns, much fewer adsets, often one campaign, one adset, but then a ton of ads within um that one adset set. In fact, Meta not only says they can handle that, but it's recommended because Meta now wants much more creative diversity. So, they want different ads within an ad set, they have different types of creative, different formats. You have a mixture of images and video, different video styles. You might have some UGC, you might have um some founder, some demonstration videos, some customer testimonial videos. And Meta is going to they want that so that they can test to see which works best. But they also are now able to personalize ad delivery a lot more. say we're to work out, you know, for this person, they seem to really respond to UGC style ads, so we're going to put more of those in front of them. This person seems to respond to product demonstration style ads. We're going to put the more of those in front of them. If they have the different ads and the different types of creative within the one ad set, Meta can start to do a better job of personalizing ad delivery and working out that it's not a one-sizefits-all. There are different people within your target audience and different people respond um to different um creative. So that's one of the big big shifts that have come from the change in the platform, the updated campaign structure is a lot more ads within an adset. I don't worry about an upper limit anymore. The constraining factor is usually how many good quality ads can be created. What are the resources available? And we will run those and look to introduce new ones over time as we test and learn from the data that we see. Within the new campaign structure, we've also changed how we test different ad copy variations. So, we used to have separate ads for different headlines would be one of the things that we test or different primary text. We're not going to have separate ads for those anymore. Instead, we're going to take advantage of the variation option. So, if I jump into the ad level and then scroll down to where we set up our ad copy, we can see that if we click into primary text, you can see we have one of five. So we can have up to five different primary text variations within this one ad. We can do the same for headlines. Click in there, you see one of five. And do the same for descriptions. So really, you want to think of separate ads as testing different ad creative or maybe not even just testing, but being able to have that different creative diversity. So have different types of ads like I just described. Uh when it comes to testing, I wonder which headline works best for this offer or this ad. You want to do that within the ad, not have separate ads for that. um and do so using these primary text headline description variations. This is a much cleaner, neater way to do your ad copy testing, which is still something that you want to do. Um as opposed to needing to have an enormous amount of ads cuz if you've got all this different ad creative and then let's say for each ad creative you needed three or four different ads to test different headline variations, you very quickly get into just silly numbers of ads and too difficult for you as the advertiser to be able to to monitor that and keep up with it. much better to do it within these text variations and have that copy testing done within an ad unit as opposed to separate ads. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products, services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. One of the things we used to do with our old Facebook ad campaign structure, and I still see this come up when I take a look at at people's ad accounts often is to have uh different campaigns for different stages of the salesunnel. So, you might have had a top offunnel campaign, a middle ofunnel campaign, and a bottom of campaign. And different stages would have different ads. So, in the top of funnel, you might have uh like a founder story video that explains why the company was great in the first place. Middle of funnel might be more product demonstration. And then the bottom funnel might be a customer testimonial trying to get you to convert and people would go through the sequence. Now, we don't do that because of what we've already described in terms of meta targeting and a lot of it being suggestions and they're kind of going to show different ads to different people anyway. So, it's not as easy to neatly move people um through the system anymore. But that doesn't mean that we've completely thrown away the top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel ideas because the logic is still there from a marketing standpoint of often you need to introduce people to an idea, but they won't be ready to convert straight away. You then need to warm them up with evidence of why it's great, why they should buy it, and then they have the extra call to action based ads and the and the customer testimonials and things that are going to really help them take action now, right? That still applies because that's something that warms up people. If you think about your relationship with another person, you start off not knowing them very well and it takes time and many interactions to get to the point where they become a really good friend or something for example. Okay. So we can still do that but we can actually do that within the one campaign and one ad set now. So we will create ads. I just mentioned we might have 20 plus ads in an ad set. We will create some ads thinking these are more likely to be top ofunnel ads. We will create some that more like to be middle of funnel and then some that are going to be bottom of funnel. So just like I talked about, you're kind of two birds, one stone situation here, right? You're adding a lot of creative diversity by doing this, but you're also allowing for that journey to take place because you could have those ads that are founderled, storybased, why we created the company in the first place. You could have those ads that are product demonstration. You could have those ads that are uh customer testimonial. Now there's variations on those depending on your business. Like I've used a product ecom example there, but you can absolutely find examples of that um for info or lead genen. There there are variations on a theme and meta is now sophisticated enough to work that out. So they will add sequence for you automatically. They will use some ads initially put in front of people first off then other ads in more of a retargeting capacity. And the way you can see if this is happening within your ad account because it happens in some ad accounts more than others. The ad accounts where this happens more are ones where the ask is larger. So if you're selling something that has a higher price point or you're selling a service that's more involved, people need more steps to get to the point where they're willing to inquire, buy, etc. If you're selling an inexpensive e-commerce product, it's going to be much more just directly buy it if you're interested. If not, fine. But what you'll often see in those businesses that that see this automatic ad sequencing taking place within the one ad set is that some ads will consistently have money spent on them, but they don't have many conversions. Looks like their cost per lead or cost per sale isn't very good. And you think, why is Meta doing this? It's because they're using that in a top offunnel capacity and then using other ads to retarget and get the conversion because you might have money being spent on that one. You look at the other ads, you're thinking, but this other ad is performing really well on a return on ad spend basis, cost per lead basis, etc. But why is it matter spending more money on that? Now, you don't want to make the mistake of turning off the ad that is being used in a topunnel capacity because then your other ad performance will massively worsen because it isn't benefiting from that other ad being used in a topunnel capacity. So, we still use that process, but instead of doing it in different campaigns, different adsets, we're going to consolidate that into one adset. And Meta is smart enough to sequence those ads and uh and work it out. So, I've talked a lot about consolidating less. When do we actually have separate campaigns, separate adsets? I've talked about the location example. Here's another example. By default, I like to use one campaign per product or service range. So, we're not going to have a different campaign for red hats versus blue hats. We are going to have a different campaign for hats versus shoes because those campaigns we want to optimize differently. We want meta to treat them as as we might need to target slightly different people. We might need to advertise them in a different way. People might need more convincing to buy shoes than a hat. So, we need more ad impression. We want them to learn under different conditions and then and then optimize um accordingly. An exception to that would be a general dynamic catalog campaign. Um where if you run those typically with a relatively small budget, then Meta is going to spend the majority or all of that budget on retargeting depending on the size of your of your warm audiences. And I'm perfectly happy to that span your product and service ranges and just you know this is more like to be used in a product capacity as opposed to service based businesses. But you know put the thing that someone's most like to be interested or has just had a look at in front of them even if we are crossing between shoes and hats and belts and whatever it is that you know you might be selling in this example. So happy for that to be businesswide but otherwise we're going to to be more specific and have different product ranges. So not variations but different product ranges or different services. um in different campaigns that we're going to separate out that way. It also gives you a lot of nice control as an advertiser to be like, "All right, we're out of stock on this. Turn this off." Or, "We're at capacity for this service. Turn this off." So, if we look at our business, for example, we offer both done for you meta ad services. We create manage optimizer campaigns for you. And we have done with you program, which my mentorship program, where you still manage your own ads, but we coach and very hands-on in terms of making recommendations. You can ask us questions and all that sort of stuff. So, those are separate offers. We would have those in separate campaigns. We want them to optimize differently. The target market is typically a bit different. Uh the the big spenders are typically going to be on the done for you services, the larger businesses. Others are going to be with the with the mentorship program. So we want Meta to optimize accordingly. And then also like I said, we have flexibility in terms of capacity. So we could oh we're absolutely capacity. We're done for you. Let's turn that off for a little while. Um and we'll start that up again once we uh once we're ready. By the way, if you're interested in either of those, want us to run your ad campaigns for you or want us to teach you how to run better ad campaigns, get better results, um, links in the description for both. There are also times where you might need a different campaign structure to what I've recommended. So, the things I've been through here and what I've recommended would be the default. That's going to apply to most businesses, but there are times where you might want to do something differently. For example, my omnipresent content campaign strategy requires a very different structure. You can't have the one adset. You need multiple adsets. So, if you're not familiar with that, I've got videos on my channel in case you want to check it out. It's typically a strategy that works really well for businesses with a very um involved purchasing decision for your customer. So, think high ticket service, for example. Something that people really going to have to think about, need a lot of convincing. You need a different campaign structure. If you're selling a $10,000, $20,000 service, for example, right? So, in that instance, you're going to want to go away from this default. When you go away from this default that I've uh talked about in this video, meta is also going to pop up with lots of warnings. It's fine to ignore those, but just do it very intentionally. Know why you're doing it as opposed to just I'm going to do this because I heard 3 years ago this is how you're supposed to do it or such and such said this would work and know why you're doing it. Follow a specific strategy like omniresent content and understand the process and therefore you're fine to ignore warnings. Remember that warnings that pop up in your ad account saying change this to improve performance. they are done with like the masses in mind and what's best on average and they're right. It might not be right for your um specific scenario. Testing is the other big example where we might deviate from this. So a lot of ad accounts run into the issue when they just have the one campaign, one ad set where they really struggle to test new ad creative. So they find that okay, I've got my ads in there, meta spending on one or two ads. I try and introduce new ads. I've been told I need creative diversity. I'm spending all this time producing new ads. I put them in there and just nothing happens. Met doesn't spend any money on them. They just spend money on my previous best performers, but those are slowly fatiguing and performance is dropping. What do I do? That's where we will entertain a different campaign structure. In fact, I go through how I'd recommend you test and the various options to overcome that problem, allow you to test new ad creative, which is super super important in this video here. So, I'd strongly recommend checking that out next. Often we will still use this campaign structure and test within it, but there are scenarios where we will deviate from that. Anyway, I cover it all in this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @SalesRemedyUK [2 likes]: My campaigns' ROAS is through the roof thanks to this man.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: 3 videos in and blown away by this instruction. Ben is intelligent, pleasant, to the point and has made navigating Facebook Ads as a beginner a possibility. Definitely see using his paid services as we grow and things become more complicated. Can't say thank you enough.
  4. @AshleyRoyalty-x6u [1 likes]: Does budget influence how many ads you are running in an ad set though? I get 20+ is great, but if you only have a $50 budget per day @ $4 CPL, how many ads is fair without spending the money too much.
  5. @sarahak: I currently have 5 campaigns. When consolidating, should I create a completely new campaign or edit the best-performing one?
also one of the reasons behind having separate campaigns is that catalog campaigns cannot be merged with regular ones + I like to have separate max value and max purchase campaigns- so Im unsure which one to pick in one consolidated campaign since both work well with me
  6. @LindaH-k1g: Great content! Thank you :) I have a question though regarding customer segments. 

When creating a target audience segment for existing customers, the “Purchase” event does not appear as an available event option (which I assume we want for existing customer segment?).

We are using Shopify, we have Facebook & Instagram installed, and enhanced data sharing is enabled (Conversions API, Meta Pixel, and Advanced Matching). Because of this, I would expect the Purchase event to be available.

Could you help me understand why the Purchase event is not showing?
  7. @lemonroti1991: Consolidation is key: The modern recommended approach is to minimize the number of campaigns and ad sets. Instead of separating cold and warm audiences, it is now more effective to combine them into a single ad set (0:23 - 0:51, 5:12 - 6:21).

Leveraging Meta’s algorithm: Because Meta’s targeting systems use your inputs as suggestions rather than strict rules, they are highly capable of automatically optimizing delivery for better results when provided with more consolidated conversion data (1:05 - 2:43).

Creative Diversity: With the platform's increased sophistication, it is recommended to include a wide variety of ad formats (videos, images, UGC, etc.)—often 20 or more—within a single ad set, allowing the system to personalize delivery to different users (10:10 - 12:18).

Testing strategy: The video advises testing ad copy variations (headlines and primary text) directly within ad units rather than creating separate ads. Location-based targeting remains an exception where testing in separate ad sets is still beneficial (8:27 - 10:09, 12:20 - 13:45).

Automatic Sequencing: By consolidating, you allow Meta to automatically perform "ad sequencing," showing top-of-funnel content to new prospects and retargeting with lower-funnel content like testimonials, all within the same ad set (15:00 - 18:49).

When you should deviate from this structure (e.g., for specific product ranges, high-ticket services, or specific content strategies) is also addressed toward the end of the video (18:50 - 23:29).
  8. @stilllookingfortreasure: How do we figure out our existing customers when we sell mostly on amazon? I do have an email list but I know that most people are not on there.
  9. @marvinwilliams7938: You say 1 ad set with many ads is better. If you add new ads into an ad set it causes a significant edit. What do you say to this concern?
  10. @v.verozina: do we still go for sales and scaling campaigns ??
  11. @chukwudumofoegbu: Great video Ben, how about you make a new video on omnipresent campaign and how to run it successfully with all the new changes that has taken place since you last made a video about it? That will really be very helpful to us. Thank you.
  12. @DarrioSinclair: Using different headlines is good once you know what works, the only way to clean clear data is to run headlines and copy separate with same creative, then do this repeatedly reskinning the best versions and then throwing them into one ad. But it’s more work
  13. @Benjamainma: Hey ben and all, love the content! I just had a very strange 'anomaly' and I’d love to get your take on it.

Last week, my Business Manager crashed and all my Pixels became 'unavailable' mid-run. I had two 'Sales' objective campaigns that suddenly had to run with ZERO pixel data feedback for about 8 hours. Paradoxically, my sales tripled (x3) during that window compared to my usual performance.

It felt like the algorithm was 'unshackled' from the pixel's constraints and went full Broad, hitting cheaper CPMs that actually converted. How do you explain this? Is this a known phenomenon where the creative is so strong that the pixel's 'optimization' was actually acting as a bottleneck?

Also, do you think this can be replicated intentionally via 'Traffic' campaigns or Sales campaigns without a pixel, or was it just a 'lucky' glitch in the auction? Thanks all!
  14. @innocentgaurav82: If I add so many ads at the ad level, will it not take ages to come out of the learning phase ?
  15. @SundaramFashions-r6s: Hey ,

Thank you for making a video about it. 
I have a query , We have a kids wear brand . 
We make different categories, like casual wear, party wear, sleepwear. So Shall we make ads for different category under same ad set or shall we make separate campaigns for separate categories. As we have received both inputs from different experts.
Kindly suggest .
  16. @FullbrightBusk: :face-green-smiling::face-orange-frowning:
  17. @bolinzhaio: However, I have a question: if an ad group has a large number of creatives, but the meta tags allocate most of the budget to the one or two best ones, what if the remaining creatives are also high-quality? Isn't that a waste?
  18. @RafaelBelor: if i have the same offer but different avatar, would you still do it in the same adset? for example, i have some ads targeted at busy professionals and some ads targeted at retired high income avatars. not sure if two adsets are the way to go. i feel like having more adsets gives me more control. what would you suggest? i‘m starting with very low budgets but want to scale quickly when i find a funnel that works
  19. @RafaelBelor: it‘s possible to further limit the reach of the targeting, so the retargeting is ONLY engaged customers, and engaged customers can be excluded in the cold audience campaign. what would you recommend for small and big budgets?
  20. @Camila-b4c4d: Thank you for the video Ben, it's really helpful! I have a question about segmenting audiences: would it be possible to keep the cold and warm audiences separated if you exclude the people who interacted with your brand, since it is an option available in the controls area and not the suggestion area?

- Facebook Ads NEW Rules for 2026 (learn this ASAP): Kind: captions Language: en I've put together the seven things that are changing the most in Facebook ads right now. These are essentially the new rules for what it's like to optimize and run Facebook ads accounts in 2026. Across our agency, we manage millions of dollars in direct to consumer ad spend every single month. And what I'm seeing right now in ad accounts is completely different than what I saw even just 6 months ago. What I'm going to break down goes against what you've probably been taught. probably goes against what I have said on this very channel right here in the past, but they're working right now and my bet is that they're going to continue to work into the next year. So, basically what we're seeing is that the biggest brands in the world are all increasing their creative volume massively. We have literally seen every large brand increase up and to the right. And let me give you some examples of that. So, this is a look at the media mix from Athletic Greens. And as you can see, a year ago, they were running on average around 400 images and 300 videos. Now, that sounds like a lot, but that's roughly speaking if we add the 496 and 376, that's close to a,000 active ads. Today, they're running over 6,822 ads. So, Athletic Greens, we'll write AG1 here, went from 1,000 ads to 6K. Let's take a look at another business called Talentless. This is a clothing brand. I really like to model some of these ads. I think they do a great job. Now, we can see back in January, they were running 64 images and 19 videos. Let's just call this one talent. And let's just give them 100, we'll say, even though it's less. They went from 100 active ads to today they're running 1,081 active ads. So, they 10xed their ad production. AG1 6xed their ad production. And by the way, every brand is doing this. You could just name any big brand that's actually scaling and you will see a chart that looks just like this. Let's take Gap here for example. that started back in January running 130 to 150 ads. Let's call it 150. And today they are running 6,353 ads. We're just going to say 6K plus. I don't even know what the multiple on that. It's a 60x multiple roughly speaking. 50x multiple. We have seen these three ginormous brands scale so significantly by having creative at scale. This is the trend. Anyone that tells you otherwise is too lazy to create creative, which leads me to my second point, the creative engine. Now, the creative engine is what allows businesses to scale their ads so quickly. It's what allows you to see so many different variations from the same company, seemingly making you not fatigue from looking at so many ads at the same time. And whether you're a brand that's literally running your first round of ads today after watching this video or if you're trying to actually aggressively scale, I'm going to break down how these engines work. They get more complex as you grow and grow, but generally these four steps are what need to be followed. So, every creative engine starts at the top with launching new ads. We're just going to call this launch. The next thing you do after launch is you have a grace period. This grace period is somewhere between 7 and 14 days. This is when you're just hanging out, evaluating your ads, pausing down absolute duds and scaling winners. This is just allowing those ads to breathe and really give them a fair chance. After that 14-day period, you have to do analysis. Now, that analysis needs to have factored in incremental attribution. So, we're going to add a very important note here. This needs to be incremental analysis. And what I mean by this is you're looking not just at 7-day click one day view, but you're actually looking at incremental attribution in your Facebook ads platform. And then after you analyze that, it's time to brief. And brief really means you're taking your best performing creatives from your ad account and you are, yes, briefing to actually see if you can create more variations of these top creatives, these concepts. Now, there's a wild card that can come in, and this is very important in this briefing process. You also need to be taking competitor ads, as I'm inserting out of left field, literally, and brief in on those as well. So the combination is you're taking your ads that are actually working the best already for you in your ad account and you're taking your competitor ads and you're briefing new concepts and iterations together and then you launch those new ads. This is a constant cycle and this is how you build a very basic but robust creative engine. The third rule is that oversimplistic campaign strategies are gone. And I'll call this no more one campaign method. Now the basis of this method falls into a very simple philosophy. Facebook is smarter than us, which it kind of is, and we could just throw all of our ads into one single campaign. I'm here to tell you that this breaks very quickly, and it breaks because of the lack of swim lanes. What we want to actually create in our account is new customers, engaged customers and existing customers. And why we want this, why this is so important, because typically Facebook overspends on existing customers. They spend just enough on engaged, which is fine, and they underspend on new customers. This is especially a problem when you start to get to larger portions of spend. And therefore, a lot of your budget as a not just percentage, but actual dollar amount is skewed into existing customers, which ultimately means you're not scaling new customer acquisition, which is what you want to do with Facebook ads, with Instagram ads, and so on. Which leads me to the opposite, but also extremely important rule that I think is going to dominate 2026. At this point, before I even showcase this rule, I want to mention something that's really important. If you are a brand that is trying to scale in 2026, the average brand that we work with saw a 41% increase in profit in the first 90 days. So, if you want to work with us and actually scale your ads, take things seriously this year instead of being at the stalemate that many people's businesses are, then go to the moonlighters.com and apply to work with us. It takes 2 minutes to apply and you get on a 15minute call. If you don't like that 15-minute call, you waste 15 minutes of your life. Best case scenario, you're one of those businesses that scales to 41% on average. That's not our best. It's not our worst in the first 90 days. So, number four, is dead. What is absolutely dead, which we'll mark on the X over here, is any sort of functionality where you think you could take 20 to 30% of your budget and treat that in testing. That is a very easy way to lose 10, 20, 30% of your total performance in your ad account and create an actual cost center in your business. What is absolutely working here is the exact opposite. You create a prospecting CBO and within that prospecting CBO, you not only test here, but you scale here and this becomes the number one campaign. The beautiful part about the prospecting CBO is your test ads are actually not going to get any spend unless they are actually better than the rest of the ads. So you create a hyperco competitive environment in your own ad account. We always want our best ads to rise to the top and doesn't allow that because us as human beings are way slower than the algorithm. Number five, fastest horse is back in action. You probably don't actually know what this means, but I'll give it to you in simple verbiage. Advanced breakdowns are so back it's crazy. We went through this period where it was actually completely fine to just run a bunch of your ads into the same campaign or a couple campaigns, select automatic placements, select everything automatic, all genders, all locations, and just let it rip. That period has completely ended in 2025, and it is going to continue to be over in 2026. The way that we're treating what I call the fastest horse is you want to put your bets, meaning spend the most amount of money on the fastest horse. And how that generally functions are day of week, platform, landing page, gender, country, and the list goes on and on. What's important to recognize that in each of these breakdowns in your ad platform, they all have levers that you can pull that Facebook might not have the exact information on for you. For example, if you know on your Shopify store that Mondays and Tuesdays work better than Saturdays and Sundays, then you should spend more on the better performing days, but I would bet most people spend the same amount of money every single day. Why would you do that? Why would you do the same thing if Facebook works better than Instagram or vice versa? Why would you spend the same amount if one landing page works better than the other? This goes all the way down the board. Make sure that you're always putting your money where you're most likely to make money back. The sixth new rule of Facebook ads is profit over rorowaz. Rorowaz has become this holy grail number. It's something that everyone is just so obsessed about and it actually does mean a lot. Rorowaz is a very important efficiency metric. It is simply your return on ad spend to make sure that you're always profitable on every single purchase. But that's all and where it truly ends. What a lot of brands get caught up in is they want a very high return on ad spend. They want a 5x. They want a 10x. That's great. I want those numbers, too. Everyone does. But the real question to ask yourself is, how much profit are you leaving on the table by forcing your business into a very high return on ad spend? Think about it like this. Would you rather spend $1,000 at a 5x or $100,000 at a 1.2x? Now, I understand I'm using very large numbers here to make a very easy point because in this case, you're getting $5,000 in return minus your $1,000 in ad spend, equaling to $4,000 in profit. In this case, you're getting a total of 120k revenue minus the 100k ad spend, again, equaling to 20K in total revenue. And even if these numbers were way, way closer, even if they were the same profit, I would always prefer the bigger spend and the lower rorowaz. And the reason for that is actually simple. This allows you to build an army of loyal customers. This is so important for everyone to understand. The bigger your business is, the more people talk about your business. The more people talk about your business, the more residual sales you have over long periods of time. So in all cases, you want to take the lowest rorowaz you can possibly afford at the highest volume. And number seven, this is probably one of the biggest ones because there was new tools that came out by Facebook in 2025 that took some time for us to adopt and get used to. And this is truly attribution has changed. Everyone got used to 7-day click or one-day view. And some people said, I don't want to use any one-day view and I'm just going to use 7-day click or even I'm going to use one day click. Right? This was also very common. Now what's shifted here is the introduction of incremental attribution. And what incremental attribution does is it allows us to see the purchases that happened because of Facebook. So what we now prefer to do is a hybrid approach. We now prefer to really look at the 7-day click, 1-day view as the core attribution method for the brand, but focus on incremental attribution when we're talking about which creatives to scale because we know incrementally that's most important. And in many cases, we might actually shift everything to incremental attribution as long as it proves to be most successful in testing. Now, I know I said I had seven, but I'm going to hit you guys with some bonuses. Every single business needs to have a king goal. This is the goal above all goals. This is what you tell your media buyer, you tell your agency. This is the goal that matters the most. It could be an ROI goal, an ME goal, a rorowaz goal, a CPA goal. It could be a revenue goal. Just whatever is most important to you. What I mean by king goal is that you don't conflict this goal with other goals. As long as this goal is achieved, the business is happy and healthy. Number two, flexible ads are ripping right now. I don't want to say too much about this because to be honest, we don't have the full data to back this up quite yet. But early testing, flexible ads are crushing. So, give them a shot in your ad account. There's a very high chance that grouping together these iterations in flexible ads could lead to a significant increase in your performance. And a few other honorable mentions here. AI UGC is getting much much better. This is something I'm very bullish on over the next year. In addition to that, very similar, very connected, Meta Gen AI is getting even stronger as well. You've probably seen the AI enhancements show up more and more on your ads. They're working better and better. I'm really interested to see what's going to happen in 2026, and Little Birdie from Facebook has indicated that this is going to be a very big point. On a completely different note, catalog ads are still strong. This is pretty shocking to most people at this point when we have so many options, so many different ads. But sometimes just showing people something and not trying to trick them or coersse them into buying and just saying, "Hey, these are my products. Go buy them." Does a great job. And then finally, because you got this far, I want to give a reminder that I say all the time. Focus on the 20% of your products that drive 80% of your revenue. This single rule right here could be applied to every single part of the other seven rules that I gave you. Focus on the 20% that drives 80% of the output in every facet of your business and you will be significantly more effective and more efficient. Now, you know the rules, but rules do not make money. Strategy and execution makes money. If you want to see my full setup step by step so you can copy and paste it into your ad account, click this video right here where I go through everything A to Z. That's all for today's video. I hope you got a ton of value out of this. If you have questions, let me know in the comments below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BeatsOfTheBible [10 likes]: Ok, so how do we afford to run 1000 ads 😂
  2. @GuaranteedPPC [2 likes]: If you are in any kind of mainstream niche at all, you will generally be best off trying to copy what your competitors are doing (from the ad library) than inventing a new offer to test.  Only about 10% of those new offer tests will work.  At least start with the "tried and true" then test your other offers no one is using.

Anything you do that offers someone a way to make/save money, makes a person more attractive, or taps into fear usually does well on Facebook now.
  3. @hkbugulli [1 likes]: Very good insights
  4. @GrundmanT [1 likes]: Question  - How do we scale up to that many ads if we are only putting 6-10 ads in an adset and only every 7-14 days?   That would take a lifetime -- what has changed with that?   Thanks!
  5. @AB-Commerce [1 likes]: You noted a problem, that facebook does not spends enough on "new customers" but you forgot to tell how to actually solve this in the cbo?
  6. @shakaslx [1 likes]: Thanks for the great content, Sam. You're amazing!
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l131
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l131
  8. @RafaelBelor: Ok got it:
1. Breathe
2. Brief
3. Breach
4. Beef
5. Horse
  9. @BarbaraHaratyk-u2t: whata bout you r a new business and will have only new customers? 1 campaign with 1 ad set with 3 ads in in its not a good idea?
  10. @assilmizane: Amazing
  11. @IoniteSimeon: what tool have you used to see the amount of ad creatives used by companies?
  12. @osamaaman1212: Hey sam, you have mentioned about increasing ad budget on the days that are performing well but my question is do we have to reduced budget on the less performing days or remain the same.
  13. @KurtYaz-biz: Flexible ads seems interesting
  14. @abdullahfareed5502: So in which campaign should we test the creatives? Engaging, new, existing? I am actually confused in overall ad account campaigns structure. It'll be great help if you elaborate this thing.
  15. @a.m9196: Can someone tell what is the best AI UGC web?
  16. @GoogleGuy492: What are your thoughts on DABA (product ads) taking a majority of the spend in CBO?
  17. @ghos_t_oaster: today i learned that sam does the marketing for anthony fantano and i've never trusted him more than right now
  18. @TonyWallshq: Anyone running ads this year should probably see this before spending another dollar.
  19. @kanisshka5509: i get winners from prospecting but when i run those for new interest adset it just fails and cpa increased by 2-3x compared to others , why it behave like this
  20. @Ashton_marketing: The end💥

- The Best Facebook Ad Creative Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'll be breaking down the single best creative ad strategy for 2026 [music] so that you can make killer high-erforming ad creatives in Facebook ads. This is the exact creative strategy that we're deploying over our 100 plus brands at the Moonlighters and the same exact creative strategy that I've shared within my school community [music] to nearly 300 brands right now. And this will 100% work no matter what category in. Whether you're in fashion, beauty, wellness, you name it. The old school way of creating ads would be a very simple workflow. You would think of an ad idea or your media buyer would say, "Hey, we need new ads. Maybe here's what's working." Then you would go and create new ads that look similar to the ones you've created before. Or if you had a new concept, something you thought might work well, you would go ahead and create it. Then you'd come into the Facebook ads manager. You'd upload it all as a single image or video. and you'd sit here writing painfully your primary text, your headlines, your descriptions. So, what we want to do instead is creating a system that increases the likelihood of finding winning ads. You can go ahead and pump out a,000 ads in an hour. You can go ahead and make a bunch of fake UGC or hire a bunch of creators or make a bunch of videos for yourself, but in reality, your win rate is going to be very low. The ads we're going to focus on today are going to have very high win rates. So instead of duplicating your best performing ads, we're going to be way more focused on a combination of new concepts, iterations, and variations, which are all very different things in the newest Andromeda updates and gem algorithmic changes to meta. So let's talk through the new way of doing this. So to start our system, what we're going to be building is a creative flywheel. This is going to be a predictable system that pumps out winning ads. So of course, at the top of every single creative machine or creative flywheel are new ads. And to source those new ads, they're going to come from two different places. And we're going to start from the single most important place. And that of course is going to be your competitors. Now, there's a free way to do this and there's a paid way to do this. I'm going to use the paid way. You could use the free way. I'm going to show you both really simply. First, the free way. We go into Facebook ads library. We click all ads and you go ahead and search one by one each of the competitors that are most relevant to your business. So, in this example, I'm just going to pretend that I'm the brand Vori. They're a sportsware kind of athleisure brand. One of their main competitors is Lululemon. So, what I would do if I was Viori is I would type in Lululemon. We're then going to select their page and we're able to see every single ad that Lululemon is currently running. And as you can see right here, they have hundreds of active ads in their account right now. So, I'm trying to think and clock what of these can I use as inspiration. What you really want to do is look at what ads have either been live the longest or spent the most. So, obvious things you could look out for are anything that says low impression count. You could very well and easily know that that is not a high performing ad. Or you could scroll all the way down to the bottom, which might take a minute depending on what brand you're looking at and look for ads that have been spending for the longest period of time. Now, what I like to do is use a program called Magic Brief. This is a paid platform. We're not sponsored by them, but it's the easiest way to show you everything. And we can see Lululemon right here is running 2382 active ads. We can see a quick overview of all the ads that they're running. And I could scroll through everything really easy. And I could download all of this imagery if I want to. Now, you might notice this looked a little bit different than Facebook ads library. And that's because they're running ads from different pages. So on the ad library, you might have to search through a variety of different pages from Lululemon and you might have to change the active status to all available ads because some of their ads might be paused after certain periods of time. And I want to give you a pro tip here. If you're a small brand and you're in the athletic leisure space, do not compare yourself to Lululemon. Don't compare yourself to Nike. Think about brands that are a step or two above you. If you're doing a million dollars in revenue, think of a brand that's doing 10 million. find and strike that balance between brands that are not too big. I'm never going to take inspiration from Nike, but not too small where they're not driving any sales, of course. So, once we find the brand and the creative that we are interested in, what we're looking for are the ads that have run the longest. We're looking for ads that have been most active for this brand. And I'm looking for real concepts here. Now, let's use this ad concept by Lululemon, which has run for 469 days. is they launched this in October of 2024. I am able to now take this ad, this carousel that they've developed here and use this as inspiration. We can recreate this very easily if I was Viori. So now in this example here, I'm just adding inspiration from competitive ads. You should be taking their videos, their statics, their gifts, their carousels, and build a true collection of concepts that you can identify. Each of these three are completely different concepts. You should be able to note and expand that each of these can be heavily expanded on. You should extrapolate out dozens of different iterations of this. You can make this exact ad if I was VRE versus Lululemon for every single product if I know it's a winning concept. But keep in mind, this is just scratching the surface. You can do this for every single one of your competitors. Identify trends and find common threads of creative that generally work in your category. Then take those threads, take those concepts and build them for yourself. Once you've created the concepts from your competitors, you've built them for yourselves. You've then launched your own new ads. What do you do next? This part is going to sound a little too easy. You wait. But it's not just about waiting. You have to make sure things are set up properly with those new ads to be able to have that luxury to actually wait and be patient. Now, we like to launch all of our new ads inside of a prospecting CBO campaign. The idea here is pretty simple. We want competition within our own ad account. And that works in a very simple way. Every time we have new creatives, they get launched into a new ad set. It could be anywhere from two creatives, one creative, 10 creatives, 15 creatives. Generally, four to eight creatives is the sweet spot. But don't over complicate it. Every time new ads get launched, they get launched into a new ad set. When those ads get launched into a new adset, over time, you're going to have a lot of new adets. And as you can see on my lefth hand side here, we're up to Broadpack 76. That means we have over 76 adsets that we've launched and tested for this brand. You're going to wonder, how on earth do any of these new ads get any sort of spend? Because the old ads are going to hog all the spend. I hear this all the time, even for brands that are just starting out. So, what we've done to basically counteract this is when we go into the adset, we go down to the budget and schedule section, and we click ads set spending limits. From here, we click set a minimum or maximum. We change the percent value to dollar value and we enter an average daily minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition target. If your cost per acquisition target is 50, you put this to 50. It is literally as simple as that. There's one point of tracking that you need to do on your side. Set a calendar invite. Set an alarm. I don't care what you have to do. Just make sure you get back to this in seven days. These never stay on for more than seven days at a time. Now, you might ask, why do we even do this? The problem is most ads just take too much time to get the adequate levels of spend and be tested. This keeps you in a non-stop waiting cycle where your ad account doesn't grow fast enough. Instead of waiting all of this time, this giant section here, and then eventually the ad scales or the ad dies because it's not good, we want to shortline this. And the way that we shortline this is we set that ad set budget minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition, which instead only forces the spend for a few days. And then if the ad's a winner, it scales quicker. If it's a loser, it stays at that set spend. Now, the beauty of this is you're going to look back within that 7-day window and decide, am I willing to spend more on this ad, or should we just remove the adset minimum? If you remove the minimum, the ad's going to spend less. If you keep the minimum, it will continue to spend at the same, which is most likely what you do not want to do. And in most cases, if it's above, it's a winning ad. If you remove the minimum, it's still going to spend above the threshold. So, it's a win-win scenario. Okay. So, we've developed new ads. We set ads set minimum budgets. We've waited. We've removed those adset minimum budgets. And now, it's time to take some more action. Now, this is where the flywheel really begins. It is in the analysis. So, what we want to do is go back into our ad account, make sure we're in our prospecting campaign. We're going to go to our column set, compare attribution settings, and select incremental attribution. Then, sort your entire ad account by highest spending to lowest spending. In most cases, I like to look at all my ads at once, but it's also important to break things down into different groupings depending on products, categories, whatever else is going on within your business. Know that there are nuances to everything I am talking about. Looking through all of our ads to keep this as fundamentally simple as possible. In this case, last 14 days, we spent $97,000 at a 1.42 return on ad spend. Our incremental return on ad spend is 1.23. What I am looking for here are highspending ads, outsized results on high-spending ads and above our threshold for return on ad spend. And we can see we have one very clear standout, followed by a few others that I'm very interested in. Now, the incremental return on ad spend for new customers that this brand cares about is around a 1.1 return on ad spend, which I know sounds crazy to many people, but that is just what this brand functions at. For these guys, we need to be above that 1.1. And we can see in this case we're well above at scale $26,000 in spend which represents over 25% of the total spend in this campaign at a 1.46 way above our threshold. We can also see there's a few that are just at the threshold 1.13 1.16. We're not going to touch those for now. And then we have a few more that are actually high spending, well above the threshold here, a 1.5, 1.38, and a 1.43. Our duty now is to take the best performing ads that have high spend and are above our threshold and recreate and iterate off of these ads. And this is where the flywheel makes its way full circle. The analysis that we just did is going to provide and yield clear concepts. These concepts are going to be winning ads. We then are taking these winning ads just like we did for our competitors and we are creating duplicates, variants, iterations of these winning ads. Eventually, what this does for us is it solidifies core concepts in our ad account. Now, you can see you literally just do the same thing over and over and over and over and over again. But don't forget, as you're creating these new concepts, as your ad account is growing, you need to make sure you're upping your spend along the way. It doesn't mean you have to increase your spend. It just means that you should not be afraid of things like the learning phase or increasing spend in general. The goal here is to grow accounts. This is not a system for maintaining your account. This is a system for growth. So when you run this flywheel for weeks and weeks and months and you're consistent, this is an example of the result that you will get. You will find winning concepts. Those concepts will be matched to audiences and each of these concepts is going to perform at a different rate. For example, let's say your target is 2x return on ad spend. Concept number one might return at that 2x and might spend 10k. Concept number two might return at a 3x but only be able to spend 3K. Concept number four might return at a ridiculous 10x but guess what? It could only spend 500 bucks. And then finally, concept number four might spend at a 2.2, but it does so at 50k spend. Old school Facebook would want you to only run the 10x, right? Just keep smashing the 10x. New school Facebook, Andromeda Facebook wants you to focus on all of these concepts. All of these add profit to your business. Now, you should care way more about your bank account, your actual profit. And that is exactly what we want to be doing in the sense of creating concepts and matching those concepts to audiences. And don't care as much about an ad that runs a 5x versus a 2x. As long as 2x is profitable, we want to run both. So, this flywheel usually starts to produce winning clear concepts. And you can see here, this is a concept from the brand Talentless that they can continue to build out. They can make variants around the same exact thing and they already have. We have another talentless example here. Now, they've been using this exact concept for literally a year. They take different products, different model shots, and they group it together with these semi in between shots, like these trio shots almost with just a very simple headline. We then have another concept that they've merged. So, they started with concept A and concept B and then they duped in. So they merged two concepts which are concept up here, concept number two and concept number one to create concept number three. We then have another concept by them and you can see they've created variants of this for all of their collections. You will stack concepts if you do this over and over and over again. And that right there is how you create a creative machine. One of the most important things when you're running Facebook ads is having that creative machine to fuel your account and scale. Now, if this has been helpful and you like this style of content and you want to access my entire system, tutorials, SOPs, literally the internal trainings that we use at the Moonlighters to service over a 100 brands as well as live Q&As, then click the link down in the description or go to school.com/fas where we have a massive community, the fastest growing Facebook ads community on school right now with literally nothing held back. That's all for today's video. I hope you got a ton of value out of this and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @isshanth_karthic [1 likes]: w value
  2. @shopadonisking [1 likes]: great video
  3. @LuxemShop [1 likes]: Hello i m watching you from Tunisia , i like you concept , thank you
  4. @Samu-pl1jh [1 likes]: I'm hearing that many performance marketeers are moving to a '1 campaign,1 ad set, +/- 20 creatives' campaign structure, what are your thoughts on that? Im seeing you're using it differently. Since the andromeda does the seperation between prospecting vs. retargeting still make sense?
  5. @viniciuspinho7862 [1 likes]: thanks
  6. @joaodantas1705 [1 likes]: good!
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l137
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l137
  8. @korea_mkt7: Hi! Performance marketer from South Korea here. Thanks for the awesome video!

I completely agree with your approach of splitting ad sets to test creatives and scaling the winners. It's been working well.

I do have a quick question, though. Meta ad reps always push for consolidation—putting multiple creatives into a single ad set under a CBO campaign. They argue that breaking them out causes audience overlap and duplicate bidding, which only spikes CPMs (especially with the recent Andromeda update).

Since you advocate for isolating creatives in separate ad sets, have you noticed any CPM spikes or delivery issues with your method? Would love to get your take on this!
  9. @screenboiler: Does this technique work with local service based businesses? Like bathroom and kitchen remodelers?
  10. @screenboiler: Does this strategy work for local home service companies?
  11. @SeanMeyerhofer: Great video, one question: you mention cutting the minimum spend per day after 7 days, and mention it should be 1x your CPA target, however, you don't mention the equivalent ratio of spend at the campaign level. My question is how much should we set the CBO budget for relative to how much we'll be spending each day on minimum spend for those ads? Maybe a ratio number or smth would help, obv it must be more or equal to what you plan to spend in total per ad set....thanks in advance!
  12. @AmyNeville: So you create an adset with new creatives and when you know the winner do you just keep that adset or duplicate to another adset with winners already in it.. this is the part that confuses me. I have 4 completely different audiences we sell things to Seniors, Lone Workers, Personal Safety and Disabled people so we have ads for each of these areas dont want to put in same bucket but not sure best structure..
  13. @moritzasche3060: How to decide wich budget the campaign should have?
  14. @elitefitnesschios: Amazing content. Just a quick question is this applicable to lead form ads or we need different strategy? Also is your skool good fit for a service/ physical business like a gym?
  15. @crescitaly: The 1x CPA minimum spend trick on new ad sets is genuinely the highest-leverage change I made this year. Before, winning concepts would sit with $3 spend for days because old ads were hogging everything. Pushed minimum to $45 (our CPA) for 7 days, removed it after, and win-rate on tested concepts jumped from ~8% to 31%. Also the Andromeda insight on running 2x AND 10x ROAS concepts side by side instead of cutting the lower one — total profit went up $9,200 in 3 weeks because we stopped strangling the volume plays.
  16. @socioleadz: Great video, can you tell me if we should run 4-5 or more ads simultaneously for a completely new ad account and with a lower ad budget for ad spend (less than $1k) and how to figure out how many adsets and ads we should run in any certain ad spend?
  17. @davidpu3104: Dude i just watched this video and is pure gold, I mean, I do a similar strategy BUT doing what youre saying make my strategy better! WAY BETTER.
  18. @andrewnevermind4902: 1. Get chat gpt.
2. Use AI to improve your SEO.
3. Use AI to improve alt text on images.
4. Ask AI to help implement changes ready for Shopify integration.
5. Stop paying facebook for old rope.
  19. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  20. @ricottacheese245: thank you!!!

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [2 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @marcusss4-m3e [1 likes]: Nice video, the faceless content tips were simple, practical, and easy to follow 👍
  3. @TexasTrophyHusband [1 likes]: Mike McDaniel! Wow
  4. @Mamangmusang-y9e: I like hook
  5. @BhaispittaFootballClub: 18:50 
Slightly Better hook

This coffe should not TASTE this good...
  6. @BhaispittaFootballClub: 10:00 better hook:-
Only photographers can relate
(Explanation in caption) 
The bracket part need to smaller and in different font if you can
  7. @Andy_Clip: So cool ❤
  8. @devika_banerjee: Very helpful video, explained clearly and easy to follow 👌
  9. @Thediaryofbigvari: 2:25 😂😂😂😂😂
  10. @minoutte: Do you still do the reviews? I'd like to have my contents being reviewed.
  11. @thejalenfleming: What editing platform are you using?
  12. @papapancakerias: U look like elon musk no joke. I dont mean that to be rude or anything u literally look like him with glasses and different facial hair
  13. @GursoyKarabulut-q3j: Thank you for the Video
  14. @Shufflezzz-m7y: im starting a new business, so had to start a new IG... came in toyesterday with a whopping 12 followers, posted what i thought was a great reel and left the day with 11 followers... not very encouraging, lol
  15. @JeetRay-s8x: Bro please hindi audio
  16. @gameswithkids254: you changed my perspective thank you
  17. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  18. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  19. @mbuzzz495zi: 🎉🎉
  20. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!

- The Psychology Behind Good Advertising: Kind: captions Language: en It should come as no surprise that modern advertising as we know it, has shaped our society in many ways. A lot of our daily decisions and life choices are influenced in part by advertising itself. It’s become such a deep-rooted constituent of our established norm that a world without it would seem, frankly, strange "Like so many others, I had become a slave to the IKEA nesting instinct" "Uh, yes. I'd like to order the Erica Pekkary dust ruffles" "Please hold." This is because barely a moment goes by during our day when we aren’t bombarded with advertisements in some form or the other. Posters, billboards, flyers, TV commercials, and internet ads, all creep into our personal space and tell us what we should buy and who we should be. For now our only brief escape from our role as a potential consumer comes to us during sleep. But even this could possibly change one day. "Are you bored?" "Get Sky Go for your mobile" "Best entertainment and live sport" "When you want it and where you want it" What's important to know is that the purpose of advertising isn’t limited in its capacity to harass us into parting with our hard earned money. Advertising plays a traditional role in helping businesses reach prospective customers and vice versa. Without it we would not know where to look for a particular product or service we need. Perhaps without advertising we wouldn’t even know what we wanted in the first place. Yet in our present day technologically driven lives, the reach between producer and consumer has grown a lot smaller. With the numerous media platforms and channels available to us, a simple online search takes us to a list of providers able to satisfy our every want. Our dilemma today comes in the form of not knowing which product to choose from out of the many available to us. This is where good advertising comes into play. In a saturated market, subtle differences can make the distinction between the choice of one product over another. There are typically two modes of advertising that ad agencies and marketing gurus utilize. One focuses on the qualities of the product, while the other seeks to arouse an emotional response from the intended audience. The moment you start to think about advertisements that have stood out to you in the recent past, there’s a high probability that they incorporated the latter. And there’s a good reason for this. "Well gentlemen, I don't think I have to tell you what you just witnessed here" "I think you do" Why should you choose one product over another? That decision becomes easy when you develop an affinity with a particular brand. It could be something as small as an aesthetically appealing logo design. Something that resonates with you and feels calming. The right colours and appropriate typography all matched in harmony for a well packaged product. But advertising goes beyond a well thought out logo or attractive packaging. The most successful ad campaigns hardly say anything about the product itself but instead create a lucid atmosphere that evokes a strong emotion from its target consumer. These are the types of advertisements that we remember, talk about, and influence our purchasing decisions. Now, let’s take a look at the following two commercials about perfume: "Fragrances by Shulton" "The essence of precious scents caught in that precise moment of fulfillment" "Distilled with exquisite artistry for your every mood" "In four fragrances" "Here's the newest adventure in fragrances" "Escapade" "A blending of subtle French genius with a bold, vivacious, American touch" "To be lovely is to feel lovely when your fragrance expresses your gayest self" "So choose a gay adventure - choose Escapade toilet water" "Immediately, you'll feel lovely" "Why, you are lovely in that light and gay Escapade mood" "And remember your Escapade stick cologne to a new adventure, wherever you are" "Enjoy all these fragrances" "Friendship's garden" "Early American Old Spice" "Dessert Flower - At leading cosmetic counters everywhere" "Toilet Waters at a $1.25 and a $1.50, stick colognes $1" "Acqua di Gioia, the new eau fraiche" "Giorgio Armani" The differences between the two commercials are quite stark. The first ad for Escapade Perfume quite explicitly focuses on the product itself. They describe certain characteristics of the perfume while going on to talk about its application and effect on the user. And this is quite difficult to do when describing a product whose main selling attribute (smell) is not transmissible through Television. It almost seems absurd, but the second perfume commercial for Giorgio Armani does not even try in the least to directly communicate the features of their product. They rely solely on alighting particular feelings and associations with their perfume. In this case, we could assume that the directors behind the ad wanted to transmit the feeling of ethereal beauty. We see a woman who fits into our standard of high attractiveness in our society, frolicking through a rainforest in the midst of a storm. The only mention of the perfume is in the last six seconds of the one minute ad. So why do we care about the associations of a product, rather than the product itself? Good advertising helps us begin to answer one of the most fundamental questions of life – Who Am I? This is because when it comes to figuring out who we are and what we want from life, we usually struggle to find answers. A lot of this is existential and has to do with the fact that we’re born with no pre-established notion of what it means to be human. It’s up to us to figure that along the way. But making that decision isn’t easy. In fact, it’s a huge burden. Out of all the possibilities our lives can take, how can we decide who or what we should be? We have no inkling if the choices we make will turn out to be good or not. Yet, we are each tasked with the responsibility of deciding for ourselves and can only hope that we’ve chosen well. On the other hand, good advertising helps us build an identity by releasing the anxiety brought about by self-determination. It tells us exactly what choice to make by compelling us to buy a certain product. And once we have done so, we will be able to emulate the identity and characteristics that we have learned to associate with that product from a particular commercial or advertisement. "Advertising is based on one thing" "Happiness" "And do you know what happiness is? Happiness is the smell of a new car" "It's freedom from fear. It's a billboard on the side of the road that screams, with reassurance, that whatever you're doing, it's okay." "You are okay" Advertising that caters to our feelings, primarily resonates with our subconscious mind and not our conscious mind. It’s why we sometimes can’t rationally deduce our preference for a certain brand and our ability to pay a premium for a product we can’t tell apart from its competitors. If we are drawn to it simply because of what it evokes inside of us and the associations that come with it, then rest assured, the marketing department has done their research. What this means is that we need to start thinking carefully about the decisions we make even if it’s something as insignificant as purchasing a perfume. Good advertising feeds off both our insecurities and deficiencies as humans and makes us believe that we can mask them with a new and exciting identity. Make no mistake, the only thing you’ll be able to achieve is to diminish your anxiety in the short term. And of course, you’ll spend money on things you don’t need in order to quell a discomfort that needs to be addressed appropriately. Making authentic decisions that align with our best interests is no easy task and takes a lot of effort. Yet, we have to realize that losing ourselves into the illusions constructed by good advertising will not make our lives any easier. They will only detract us from accepting and being comfortable with who we really are and the givens of our reality. There is no point striving towards an ideal when perfection doesn’t exist. Accomplish this and you’ll be a much happier individual.

  Top Comments:
  1. @willivonen3886 [1 likes]: How good would you say artificial intelligence when it becomes a super intelligence be used for advertising?😂
  2. @DieWithSpirituality: Toilet water?
  3. @MobilaisTelefons-u3w: 🤔🤔🤔 
I've been sitting and thinking after watching this and came in conclusion...

Advertisement companies owes me significant amount of money, for playing their garbage on my devices...
  4. @RăzvanMocanu-d7t: Interesting!
  5. @cloudy1723: You’ll need a hobo teacher and your buddy’s dogtag from the war.
  6. @timothyingram: Advertising is predominantly garbage.
  7. @SakinKakazai: Greate video! Thanks for this
  8. @BoyerAngelah: You have a gift for explaining things clearly!
  9. @StellarMeng: This video explains why certain ads grab our attention psychologically, and it reminded me of an article I read on The Observatory called “What Makes a Good Online Video Ad: How Brands Grab Your Attention.” It’s fascinating how attention psychology and storytelling strategy are so intentionally designed in great ads.
  10. @junodonatus4906: How often do we hear this in a commercial: "They don't want you to know and they're trying to silence me.....but I'm going to tell you anyway." There is a variation of "I'm in danger for telling you what corporations don't want you to know" in so many commercials. The idea of BIG companies scamming you and the little guy exposing that must have some deeply rooted appeal for the people.
  11. @cutkitvid9548: Do you know drilling these hideous commercials into people's heads causes them to hate every product affiliated  with constant repetitive not very imaginative stupid pleas to buy a product. 1. More money spent on commercials less on product. 2. If your product can't stand the scrutiny of word to mouth advertising then it's not worth buying. 3. I have a very very very long notepad page naming every stinking commercial I ever had to watch wait for it to be over or hear. If I'm in doubt I refer back to my notes ...but I never ever ever buy anything I've seen in a commercial or heard or waited for on-line. That's  the psychology of commercials for me and I'm not the only one. Only fools listen to commercials or pay attention
  12. @GolnazRamezani: perfect✨
  13. @AbdoulParé-t1m: This is the most engaging tutorial I’ve ever seen!
  14. @Creative_Chaos09: :finger-red-number-one:
  15. @splearning19: Fell asleep midway through this video I’m ngl
  16. @Zaib-5838: 4:20 for the newer generation, here gay means happiness.
  17. @HowlinWatersSoloShows: Got the message loud and clear ... Escapade perfume makes you gay. 🥴
  18. @Hoert-om4pp: Why does everyone only have no-reply addresses and constantly bombard me with advertising?
Such addresses seem sickening, of course, because no communication can be sent back to tell them that we don't want their junk!
This applies to all advertisers so far, so as long as the internet has existed, we are still forced to see their sick behavior, which never seems to be treated, for example, in hospitals. How long will their need to embarrass themselves everywhere continue, I wonder, because no one can stand to hang out with psychos like this their whole life, and this kind of behavior doesn't go away without the strongest drugs that psychiatry can give them!!!???
  19. @Nhlanhla-z6m: Would have love to continue to listen, however the narrator sounds so robotic.
  20. @adudecalleddarien: I'm using this video as a reference for my essay on the topic of advertising. This is really deep and well-written video, actually. I'm appreciative to have found this video.

- Doctor Reacts To 9-1-1 Lone Star Medical Emergencies: Kind: captions Language: en - Welcome to the new studio space. Really excited to film the first episode of 9-1-1 Medical Scenes. We've done this one before. These are hyper unrealistic but some good medical learnings to be had. Let's get started. - Your son seems to have his head on his shoulders. Well now anyway. - Are they playing golf in the rain? It also feels like fake rain like from a sprinkler. - You're some piece of work, Billy. - So I've been told. (thunder rolls) - When thunder roars, go indoors. But lightning strikes do happen. Two dozen deaths a year in the US about. Actually one third of them happen indoors. So the recommendation from the CDC to keep yourself safe from lightning strikes is to like not do the dishes. To stay away from plumbing, not to take showers not to use electrical equipment 'cause it can travel through the electricity in your home and through plumbing. So just about like sitting, being peaceful and meditating. And it goes without saying, being outdoors in a thunderstorm is not generally safe. Standing in near tall object Like trees. That's a really bad idea. - Someone call 9-1-1! - Okay that's actually the first thing you should do after a lighting strike. When it comes to first aid, call for help, and then it's about trying to help the person in their time of need. Meaning if they're like vomiting, you wanna turn them on their side. If they're pulseless, you know what you do. Chest compressions. Chest compressions. Chest compressions. - I thought we could move on to... To... - Is she withdrawing from heroin? - So itchy. - Or maybe just acute intoxication with a substance? - I'm sorry I- - He's wearing cross stripes on a shirt that has plaid on it. My man, pick one or the other. - Okay. This is some kind of psychosis. Psychosis-related excoriation where they start scratching themselves thinking that there's insects on them or something. - I'm on the edge of my seat here. - Bro. She's stabbing herself with a fork! Can you show a little compassion? - Right, we were going to (audio fades) portfolio projections and first quarter profits, which we hope will do. Liza? What are you doing? Liza! - These are officially the least caring people, colleagues I've ever seen in my life. She's scratching herself with a fork, having some sort of medical situation occur and they're just annoyed. - To your knowledge, was Liza on any substances? - No. She was two years sober. She knew better than that. - Just because someone says they're two years sober doesn't mean that that's the case. And also as a police officer, if someone says no, move on, there's no point trying to push through in a situation like this. You test the blood and then you find out the answer. - Several victims suffering seizures. Two people stabbed themselves. All symptoms came without warning. (indistinct) Special response is on its way. In the meantime we rounded up everybody still standing. - I've never seen anything like this stab. - We need to get these people transported. - We're not going anywhere until we know what we're dealing with. - I mean I would get everyone out of the building instantly because first of all you don't know if this is an inhalation situation or an oral ingestion. So something weird is happening here. - What'd you have for lunch? - Skipped it. Big breakfast. - Wait for it. - I know who did this? - What? - Mercury. - Did this police officer/paramedic, I can't tell who this is speaking, know that this is mercury poisoning before he even opened up the sandwich. No, never gonna happen. And first of all, that type of mercury doesn't really get absorbed well in the digestive tract, only through respiratory and then it can actually spread throughout the body. Be neurotoxic and hurt the lungs, all that. The danger of that mercury is if it gets aerosolized like with a vacuum or something or a fan. So the fact that they're all just like breathing it in and chilling, that's like not ideal. - I'm too scared. It's bad. - Oh come on now little man. Lemme take a look at you. Just a toy. - Oh-kay. - Told you it's bad, huh? - We actually have tools for this in the ER to pull things out of noses. I just wouldn't do it on a roof 'cause let's say you do it and it hurts the child and they move weird. They could fall off the roof. So get into a safe environment first. Ideally an emergency room. - Okay Harry, showtime. On the count of three, I want you to blow your nose like you have the biggest booger in the world in there, okay? - Okay. - I mean for small things that could work but for larger things like that I wouldn't start doing it 'cause you're drastically increasing intracranial pressure. So like if you can just pull it out with tweezers like in in an emergency room setting, do that. - Okay, don't worry. Just means we're gonna have to go to plan B. Where I use my special toy car removal device. - Promise won't hurt though, right? - Yup. - Or you could just be honest with the child and not lie and say it's gonna be very quick. Move the subject along. Say that it's gonna hurt less than leaving that thing in there so you're creating an honest answer, but still keeping the child calm. - Okay, buddy. - Why standing? Why in the forest? If he starts having a major nose bleed, what are you gonna do in the field? (child screams) Got it. - This is like a bunch of dudes came together and said we're gonna be doctors in the field and they started practicing medicine. - How? - After you left, I kept wondering how Harry got it so far up there. - So you figured it out. Tweezers? What the (indistinct)? Why is there lava in the pool? Was this house built on an erupting volcano? - Chad. - Wait, wait, wait. Stop! - Why is this turning into a rave? They're putting rave music on while someone's dying. - Chad. (indistinct) Give your hand, give me your hand. - Okay, so when you have burns that are this bad you could actually start tearing skin off just by applying the slightest amount of pressure. In a situation like this, obviously the risk of doing that is worth it because you wanna save their life and one of the ways people lose their lives here is from a lack of hydration. When you have such severe burns, you actually release a huge amount of different electrolytes into your bloodstream, which can be toxic to certain cells of your body, especially your cardiac cells. So hydrating people that are going through really bad burns is of utmost importance. It's like the first step. And then also knowing that when your skin is not intact you actually lose a lot more fluids throughout the day. - Thank you, guys. (shouts) - He's like iron man but not. - Oh my God. Is that the thing that's keeping you alive? - It was. It is now an antique. - We have to extract it. Here. Yeah, that's impossible. - We don't, it cooks his heart - But if we take it out, he'll bleed to death. - Not if the heat from the rock cauterized everything around it. - What if it didn't? - We don't have a choice. Look, damn thing's sinking into him. Clamp now. - The confidence level these first responders have to make medical decisions is impressive. You know, as someone who's worked in a hospital a decade I have no idea what to do in that situation. I probably take it off but... (sighs) - What are you doing? No! - Oh, is this an MRI? Oh no. Just for people to know. There's few types of imaging that we get in the hospital. Some are x-ray, CAT scans are basically x-rays with many slices and then you have MRIs which is magnetic resonance imaging where we actually use spinning magnets in order to visualize the body in a way that doesn't create radiation. So there's no harm from their imaging. There may be indirect harms from finding out the results but the actual process itself is not harmful to humans. With the exception of if they have some metallic parts on their body or they walk into a room with metallic items. - There should be a safety button in there that'll overheat the magnet and kill it. The problem is we can't access the button. It's on the front of the machine. - Which I'm assuming is somewhere behind that gurney. Okay, tell your staff to step away please. - What about the metal in our uniforms? - I was just getting to that. - Help me. Help me. - We're gonna get you down but I need you to- - There are safety standards. It's called OSHA Occupational Safety and Health Administration. I hope I said that right, where you don't need to go in your frigging lingerie to go and rescue someone. - Airways are clear, but I'm hearing a strider, possible Pneumothorax. - What is the use in talking about his lungs like he's an inpatient in a hospital when he's acutely jammed. - (groans) (gasps) - You guys can get dressed now. - Bilateral test raise. - What does that mean? - It means your lungs didn't collapse. - Why does it hurt so much? - Because you cracked some ribs. - Chest rise first of all and that means he doesn't have flail chest which means that his ribs aren't broken. I would not go ahead and venture to say that his lungs aren't injured. I would like to hear bilateral breath sounds in all lung fields in order to say that there's no new pnuemothorax. - When I left my ex Julian, he said that he would ruin my life. And ever since our divorce I've been feeling I don't know, different. (straining) Liza are you all right? - Is she pregnant? - (sneezes) (screams) - She has some kind of very aggressive parasite. - Need you to hold still for me, okay? And you should close your eyes for this part. A little tug. - I don't know if this is ideal for people to do in the field given the fact that some of these worms can actually attach to the intestines through like hooks and such. And then as a result, by ripping them out you can actually cause trauma. - [Liza] What is that? - Round worm? By the looks of it. - There's different types of round worms. Almost all of them are treatable by medications called like Albendazole or Mebendazole. These are just anti-parasitic, anti worming, deworming agents. Could be a hookworm, could be a pin worm. Hookworms are usually a little bit bigger and they can actually enter your body through skin going through feces ridden soil in underdeveloped nations. It can actually end up in your intestines as gross as that sounds. Sometimes the pinworms can lay eggs surrounding the anus and then like a young child can scratch that area and pass it on to others. That's why daycare centers oftentimes have outbreaks and there's a test we do, it's called the scotch tape test where overnight we actually put a piece of scotch tape on the anus and then take it off bring it in, look at microscope, see if there's eggs on it. - Liza, are you okay? - (gasping) Can't breathe. - She must have aspirated some of the material. TK, track her O2 levels. - So that can happen sometimes if you vomit from a laying down position, you can get some of the vomit into your lungs and that can be quite problematic 'cause, in vomit, there's acid. Acid going to the lungs can create a pneumonitis and over time can even create a pneumonia. - She's satting a 90 cup. - If you're satting low, that means that you're not oxygenating your blood. She also looks like she's unconscious and not breathing and if you just check her and she doesn't have a pulse, you should start chest compressions. - Nancy, start compressions. - Well, thank you. - (speaking Spanish) - Those are the worst chest compressions. She's pushing on her freaking throat. This is a 9-1-1 show, they don't have a medical specialist on board say stop pushing on their throat? - By your great power, heal this woman. - (gasping) - We've got her back. - Oh well I'm just gonna have that lady be with all my patients and saying nice things. Inhaler. By the way, for those who have asthma that's triggered by colds, it usually happens as a result of overreaction to the cold air and sometimes even to the cold dry air and it causes a type of bronchoconstriction. There are some people that, especially before exercise in what we call EIB, which is exercise induced bronchospasm from cold weather like this can actually get relief by using an asthma inhaler before the sport and then they actually don't need it afterwards. There's a huge amount of worry in parents in children who have exercised induced bronchospasm to the point where they're like, oh, I'm not gonna have my child play sports. It's exact opposite. Playing sports is good for them and a lot of athletes actually have some kind of exercise-induced asthma or just maybe regular asthma altogether and they still perform very high caliber. - (coughing and gasping) - Whoa. It's cold in that water. His heart rate's definitely slowing as a result of a dive reflex. That's so scary. Never let children play on ice. There is something to be said about drowning in really cold water where it actually slows the heart rate down through that dive reflex and as a result, makes your body require less metabolic demand means that you could survive a little bit longer without brain injury. Rewarming protocol is really important here. - Does that mean he's dead? - No ma'am, you're not dead until you're warm and dead. We're gonna do some rapid rewarming and hopefully we'll be able to get him back. - When we say rapid rewarming we not only can put obviously heat packs around the body, et cetera, but we could also give warmed up fluids throughout the body as well through the IV. And those are the worst chest compressions I've ever seen in my life. - Get the portable ECMO machine. - (indistinct) - Got it. - What is this? - Yes, please tell me your heater works. - Look, what is she doing? What is this? She's literally going like this. I just broke my webcam. - Is that time y'all to find out who's got the sheer audacity to Terri's 78 ounce (indistinct) which is about 78 ounces more sirloin than any mortal should eat in one sit-. - 78 ounces of sirloin is a huge load of fats and sodium. That's where my main concern comes from because like if you eat a lot of protein, okay, whatever but sodium quite dangerous, fat could be problematic. It can start forming gallbladder issues. Just nausea, vomiting, ugh. Oh. And that's a concussion. - (indistinct), We're gonna get you outta here as soon as possible. Sonya. Is there any chance that you're pregnant? - Pregnant with prime rib. - BPs 90 over 60. - But her heart rate's 116. I don't think it's a heart attack. - You don't judge whether or not someone's having a heart attack if they're hypotensive and tachycardic. Hypotensive meaning low blood pressure, tachycardic meaning high heart rate. In fact, when someone becomes hypotensive that means that they don't have enough fluid or something's going on where they're losing blood. They're basically losing volume in their circulatory system, in their plumbing system. When you don't have enough pressure there, you can't get the blood to certain areas of the body like the brain and vital organs. Your heart can try and compensate for this by pumping faster so your it becomes tachycardic, it becomes a faster heart rate. That's cardiac output. So the fact that this person says, oh she's not having a heart attack or she's having a fast heart rate is complete BS. - Can you tell me what year it is? - Tuesday. - Concussion. - Just doesn't make any sense. - Yeah, she hit her head. It makes total sense. - Her bladder's distended. - (indistinct) Stomach. It's a eating contest. - Why are they diagnosing her? Stabilize and bring to the emergency room. - Is that her place there with the empty pitchers? - Oh yeah, she was throwing 'em back. - This is hyponutremia. - Water intoxication. - We need to reposition her. - No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You do not look at empty glasses and say someone has water intoxication. You stabilize them so that they're not dying in the field. You bring them to the hospital and you allow people to do a blood test that will very quickly confirm or deny your supposed diagnosis here. - Grab me a catheter and a Foley bag. We need to divert fluids now. - Divert fluid from where? - That's it, as soon as we get her on the regular, the hospital handle this we give her a catheter now we'd be liable. - Her bladder's about to burst. It's my call. - How does she know her bladder's about to burst? When someone becomes hyponatremic and their sodium level drops below 135. Usually that happens as a result of medications or health conditions like kidney issues. But it could also happen through something, process known as water psychosis where people who are not in a well mental state chug a lot of water and that essentially dilutes the amount of sodium that's in the bloodstream 'cause when you have low sodium, that could mean you have excess fluid or actually low sodium that you're getting rid of too much sodium. So in a person who consumes a lot of water, they end up diluting the sodium level. As a result, tissues start to swell. And the reason tissues swell is 'cause the water starts leaving in order to try and equalize, leaving the bloodstream and goes into cells. And when they swell, that could become problematic especially in areas of the brain where there's limited space, swelling can actually cause brain death. - Mateo? - Yep. - Unplug the battery. Judd, Marjon. Make sure there isn't any fluid leaking. It's gonna ignite. - Face shield stuck. - Leave it alone. Don't force it. Let's just see what we're dealing with first. TK, put him on the life pack. - Copy, Cap. - Hey sir, we are here to help. Can you tell me your name? - Looks like he has a sub-, not subdural, subconjunctival hemorrhage. - BP's spike, Cap. - We're looking at possible orbital compartment syndrome. - No, you're not! Stop making up things. I'll give 15, right now, different diagnoses that are more likely than what she just said. This person is on drugs because they're wearing a knight costume out in the middle of the day. They have a concussion 'cause they just got hit by a car. They have a brain bleed, which could be a subdural or epidural hematoma. They could actually have an aneurysm that's ruptured. They could just have cranial hemorrhage. They could also be having cardiac arrest because of chest trauma. Like the amount of things that could be going on before she makes this ridiculous diagnosis is insane. - BP's coming back down to earth, Cap. - Cap, look at his lips. And I do not like this rash. - It's erythema. - Like that could be a raccoon sign 'cause he fractured his basilar skull plate. - This isn't a regular head wound. This is carbon monoxide poisoning. - Must (indistinct). - Which explains the delirium. - How did she get to carbon monoxide poisoning? - Well this could be something. About five blocks from you, there's a novelty pizza place. Swords and Slices. - Come on man. Carbon monoxide poisoning is very real and people die every year in the United States 'cause of carbon monoxide poisoning, it's usually the result of a terrible accident going into a well-ventilated space solves that issue. And the reason carbon monoxide poisoning even happens is because the carbon monoxide actually displaces the oxygen on the hemoglobin which is the oxygen carrying portion of the red blood cell that now can't carry oxygen. As a result, you start having really bad health effects. - It's a medieval mass casualty. - That's a good thing they weren't open yet. - And what they don't have a CO2 detector? - Jud, why don't you find the control and shut it down? - Oh, why don't you get the people outside and that'll help all of them. - We're gonna need more O2 off the truck. - No good. We used the last cylinder O2 about five minutes ago. - Oh, so how about bringing them into a medical center instead of treating them right there on the street? - We should eat here sometime. Place seemed dope. - (laughs mockingly) Want to learn the secret to happiness? Click here for my interview with the professor the Doctor of Happiness. Most viral Ted Talk on happiness, actually click here to check that out. And as always, stay happy and healthy. (upbeat energetic beat plays)

  Top Comments:
  1. @KidSlaughter-c1v: This is why I wear socks
  2. @Zoeyslife-s9q: You know what time it is 
CHEST COMPRESSIONS CHEST COMPRESSIONS CHEST COMPRESSIONS
  3. @DalianiPeralta: 6:28  for later
  4. @123crayondino: “When thunder roars go indoors” got me😂
  5. @MinhLong-p7y: MRI doesn’t have any moving parts at all
  6. @worried_sugar_cylinder: 0:20 I'm no VFX artist, but I think I know the problem. The turf doesn't look wet (granted my only reference is wet grass), and the the lighting is wrong. The lighting is way too harsh and directional to look like a rainstorm.
Also, that lightning was pitiful, and should have hit the trees. But pointing out errors in this show is like pointing out wood in a pencil.
  7. @thedeejplaysfcmobile: They are ragebaiting bro
  8. @BoulePhotos: Fun fact.... someone hit by lighting is actually one of the few people who DO need Electrolytes! High amount of electricity can mess us your electrolytes. A normal workout does not
  9. @Cring3_G4y_Furry...V-i-F: 4:50... they were in the medical feild...
  10. @Cring3_G4y_Furry...V-i-F: The first one be like: We'll be fine! May Zeus himself strike me down if im lying!
  11. @J.A.BTreeservice: The man thought  I am u child  what does that feel like
  12. @DonnaDenoncourt-h4r: I have asthma to I even have ADHD
  13. @josephleantorralba8503: Ive seen the episode were you watched the murcery posing
  14. @Love2Draw-Anime: 14:56 its betty from hulk
  15. @Love2Draw-Anime: 2:31 that episode it was mercury in the food a guy put it in
  16. @obitzo9777: 6:39 why is she not welcome?
  17. @LeneMaarth: The worms got me gagging its so disgusting
  18. @Princess_earwax: I think the reason why they can’t actually do chest compassions is because it’s a TV show and they don’t wanna actually break the persons ribs or something
  19. @JohnCarlCanale: W
  20. @enricochestri: Mike is hysterical

- Back-To-School Essentials | Sandy Hook Promise: Kind: captions Language: en This year my mom got me the perfect bag for back to school. These colorful binders help me stay organized. These headphones are just what I need for studying. These new sneakers are just what I need for the new year. This jacket is a real must have. My parents got me this skateboard I wanted, it's pretty cool. These scissors really come in handy in art class. These colored pencils too. These new socks, they can be a real-life saver. And I finally got my own phone to stay in touch with my mom.

- Get More Attention on Social Media with Pattern Interrupt 3D Video Ads: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to teach you how to get more attention on social media with patent interrupt 3D video ads hi I'm Murray also known as creativeman on fiverr.com in this video I'm going to talk about these things I'm going to talk about what is a pattern interrupt 3D video ad I'm going to show you examples of pattern interrupt 3D video ads I'm going to show you all my FAQs my frequently asked questions I'm going to share how to make your pattern interrupt 3D video ads convert better and I'm going to share my order requirements if you'd like me to make you a patent interrupt 3D video ad for your business so first let me show you my gig video it's about a minute long if you've already just watched it recently then just fast forward a minute hi I'm Murray also known as creative man here on Fiverr and this gig I'll create a patent interrupt 3D video ad to help you get more attention for your brand are you struggling to get your business seen on social media are your regular Facebook and Instagram posts not getting the attention they deserve I can create pattern interrupt 3D video ads that are proven to explode engagement likes and shares with these style of ads they'll bring your post more click and leads than ever before because they are brand new and the animations appear to pop out of the screen people love to share these attention getting videos because they are so unique and sometimes they even go viral message me to see my YouTube playlist of all available animations you can also copy the playlist link from my gig description below basic plan is for one pattern interrupt 3D video ad for Facebook standard plan is for two versions of the same pattern interrupt 3D video ads for Facebook and Instagram Premium plan is three versions of the same video Facebook Instagram and an ad friendly neutral version which you can also use in paid ads and on other platforms like Tick Tock YouTube shorts Pinterest Twitter and Linkedin etc for regular monthly patent interrupt 3D video ad content be sure to click subscribe to save check out my playlist of examples and order today now you may have been through my website gigdemo.com where you take a 30 second quiz and I suggest different marketing Services based on what stage of marketing that you're at based on your budget and many other factors on the second question in my quiz if you click that you're on stage two media content and go through the next few steps then pattern interrupt 3D video ads is one of my recommendations and you'll arrive at my Google Presentation for pattern interrupt 3D video ads so if we just click on slideshow here and here you can find all the links to the gig examples more examples but let me just give you an example of these so these are short video clips that repeat I can use any image behind here you might already have some good images on your social media Pages already that we can use and put that in behind and then I have an animation on top that really grabs attention and appears to pop out of the news feed I can control if it's a Facebook post with this Facebook icons we can control the social proof count here your page profile image I mean these would come straight from your Facebook page but I can do many different platforms not just Facebook I can do Instagram and Linkedin and I can have neutral designs for different social networks and then we can have the text here website links and call to actions and hashtags Etc here's one for a roofing company foreign [Music] okay so you get the idea I'm just going to come down to the next page um Pizza Company I mean I'm not going to go through all of them I'll just be out of there and here's some more examples okay so on my Fiverr profile fiverr.com forward slash creative man you can see my gig here and by the way while you're here you can also hover your mouse here and a video plays in behind this not many Fiverr profiles have this but you check that out but if you come down here into my portfolio section see projects I've got some here under pattern interrupt 3D video ads and this is the second group of videos got some examples here you can check these out it's quite an awesome one these sort of animations you could apply the animation to almost any Niche you know it doesn't have to be so specific to your niche so feel free to check these out there's a few more here this is a restaurant one where a burger gets created in the animation just really grabs attention on the news feed and there's an econ one where this comes in here construction this is where dogs come across you can come and check this out later also if you jump over to my YouTube channel and click on the shorts tab you can visually see all the different animations I've got and I've got many more than this so if you've got some ideas you can tell me um what you might be thinking of and I might have an animation that really fits that well just tell me your industry your Niche that you're in and uh yeah you can check out these but I've got other animations on top of this so this video you're watching now is going to go at the top here and uh yeah you can come down and check out these different animations this is sorted based on the niche or industry down here but for every industry you know you could have hundreds of different types of animations that will fit your industry so don't feel like it's just one specific animation like this one with a space Band you know get out of this world results well your business might be providing out of this world results and you know instead of this image here you can have a space image actually would probably look better with the space image there and you can have other ones like this if we can click on this one you know that could be your image in the background and you can have a character come along here and be encouraging people to like on the post now let me show you how to make your pattern interrupt 3D video ads convert better I'll show you this video so your animation will be a bold entrance and that's really going to grab people's attention in the news feed because they're not used to animations that appear to pop out over the post and it's more likely people are going to share your posts because it's really great people's attention it's short but has the perfect mix of also being really engaging as well you want to speak to your audience with personality you know entertainment is part of selling feature a strong call to action this is key to the entire video tell your viewers what they need to do otherwise you're impressing them but they're left confused about what to do next so good call to actions use coupon code head to our store comment below drop a testimonial buy two get one free so it's really clear what the call to action is okay frequently asked questions just before I get to that uh this is the main gig video this here is actually an audio file you can click here and listen to me there hey how you going Marketing in general this is just a screenshot of what Premium plan looks like so you're getting a Facebook version that's got the Facebook icons there uh Instagram with the Instagram icons there and then you get a ad friendly version like if I go and click on this it'll be bigger the ad friendly version um doesn't have any social media icons up here but you can also run that in ads and have no problems and you could also use it for other different platforms like Tick Tock YouTube Pinterest Twitter LinkedIn and other platforms and this slide here is talking about subscribe to save if you click subscribe to save here you can save time and effort with automatic monthly orders no commitment cancel any time work long term with me as seller so that's an option as well I just want to bring your attention to PDFs because you might not have seen PDFs in gigs before if you click view presentation I've actually copied all my FAQs here but I will show you them down further Below in just a minute and these are just some more examples here but yeah if we go down on the gig down here you can see all my frequently asked questions can I see some of your examples and I've got the YouTube link you always need a copy and paste fiber never makes them clickable but they're okay with YouTube links and just tell me which animation you want to use when you order what exactly you're offering this gig can read that how many videos am I getting all the different plans shows you here you can just sift through the plans most people go with a Premium plan because it gives you the Facebook and the Instagram version and an ad friendly version you can use on different platforms as well animations for my industry check out my examples or categories of animations there you go all there can you assist with the wording yes I can help can you post these videos to my page for me watch me my Premium plan having an ad friendly version some people get a bit confused so just read this one can you run this as a video ad on Facebook and Instagram yes just message me for details and how can I get pattern interrupt 3D video ads on a regular basis that's just talking about the subscribe to save so I've copied my requirements from this gig into a notepad file and this is it here so this is what you'll be asked when you order what is your name what is your business name what are all your social media links not your usernames you know what are your links for Facebook Instagram Tick Tock you know the more I have the more context I can grab about your industry example these would be your social media links and what is your website link I'm sure I can find that on your social media profiles but if you can give me some link they'll help me get things started quicker let's just confirming what package you're ordering so basic plan is one pattern interrupt video ad for Facebook stand plan is two versions of the same video for Facebook and Instagram same video Facebook Instagram and AD friendly version I explained this really clearly at 40 seconds into my gig video if you just watch it from Five Seconds basic plan is for one pattern interrupt 3D video ad for Facebook standard plan is for two versions of the same pattern interrupt 3D video ads for Facebook and Instagram Premium plan is three versions of the same video Facebook Instagram and an ad friendly neutral version which you can also use in paid ads and on other Pinterest Twitter and Linkedin Etc then under requirements so bring your attention back to my examples just to make sure that you've seen examples of the animations that I can do and then chosen animation for example if you wanted this one where the money bags fall down on this Grant Cardone example then let me know just say it's the money bags falling one or the grand Cardone one or if you want the Iron Man one then just copy and paste the whole whole thing here images if you have an image you'd like me to use please attach it landscape format is best with the image it'll be pasted in here it's actually better without the text because there's a lot going on like if we look at this real estate one you know it's a it's a simple image of a house might be a house you're selling if you're in real estate you don't want to have the background image too busy like this restaurant one got the restaurant scene that could be inside your shop or store or anything that explains your business so if you have an image you'd like me to use please attach it landscape format is best or just say use from one of my other social media posts that's what I often do or just say use an appropriate royalty free image copy and paste whatever you want there and please note you know simple is best a real wordy banner fly is a bad idea as text will be too small to read if the image is congruent to the animation you chose it'll look better for example if you wanted the astronaut then a space scene behind it it's going to look a bit better now text this is this is optional I can come up with this but if you want to come up with something then you can send it through and I'll be using emoticons and things so this is the text that shows here it's only 60 characters per line approximately some animations I don't quite have that much room so yeah I recommend a few sentences some Emoji so it stands out more some lines of no space so it stands out better and a clear call to action and a few lines for hashtags if you like and in terms of social proof we just go back with that this video we've got 76 000 likes as social proof I can put any number you like there I could put Millions this Grant cardoneware and I've got 926 000. this one here 153 000. so if you'd like a copy of these requirements I can send them through to you as well so when you've explored my animations in my YouTube playlist and remember you can have like hundreds of different animations for your particular industry many of them are very versatile then jump over to my gig and uh yeah you can place an order and do subscribe to save if you like and if you have any further questions just reach out okay cheers right bye-bye

- Pattern Interrupt - You Sound Worried: Kind: captions Language: en you sound worried this is the you sound worried intervention and the original source was i saw this in the film brazil years ago and i've been using it ever since this is fantastic let's say somebody is just telling about how great things are and they're very positive about what's happening or we're going on the orient express and you know my wife just got a new job and our kids are doing really well and they're just happy about their life just look at them and say you sound worried it's fantastic because it's such an instant pattern interrupt and it makes zero sense based on what they've said to you if you furrow your brow look at them as though you're actually concerned it throws them for such a loop because they're talking about all this positive stuff and you tell them they sound worried it's amazing use this with discretion see what kind of hilarious results you get what do you mean i sound worried about what it's fantastic remember click the like button and subscribe to our channel we'll see you in the next video oh by the way you sound worried you

  Top Comments:
  1. @PsychSecure [2 likes]: I love these bite sized pattern interrupt videos, keep them coming!
  2. @KristinaL1698 [2 likes]: Why would you bring someone down when they're celebrating something wonderful? That's so mean, and a great way to totally lose rapport and trust. Why not use the technique to interrupt a pattern of complaint with a positive statement or question?
  3. @KristinaL1698 [2 likes]: Why would you do that to someone? Bring them down from celebrating something great? That's just mean. Why not use it to interrupt when they're talking doom and gloom instead by using a positive comment or something neutral such as, "Do you smell popcorn?" when there is clearly none around and no one was talking about it.
  4. @ruipedro4195 [1 likes]: You sound confident.
  5. @GAMESTERVISION: All of your suggestions are is dad jokes that are cringe af
  6. @realpsychvault: Do that to me and the interrupt will be a violent reaction. You won't like it. WTF? Someone is happy and talking about nice memories and you want to fuck it up? Try it with me! You're a human scourge.
  7. @tatiana-mindfool: Mwahaha. Why would you do this dirty trick to a happy person? :D 
Hello Mike and Chris! So awesome to see your Youtube flourishing like crazy!
  8. @newcastlehypnotherapy: This is a very useful tool 🥰
  9. @anowlwithinternet9125: Hey mike, your videos on graphology were amazing, I watched them recently after two years, are you planning to upload some of em or something similar in near future.

- Pattern Interruption: Why These Ads Stop You Scrolling: Kind: captions Language: en You know, we're about to explore a force that's just as real and predictable as gravity itself. It's a force that controls what you see and what you completely ignore online. It's called attention gravity. And in a world that is just drowning in digital noise, understanding this invisible pole isn't just an option. It's really the only chance you have to be heard. So, let's start with a really powerful and maybe even a little bit of an uncomfortable truth. For decades, we've all been taught to believe that a great product and a strong message are enough. But this completely ignores our own biology. You see, our brains aren't these wideopen doors. They're more like highly evolved elite security guards [music] standing at a gate designed for a quiet, predictable world. And now they are just completely overwhelmed by the chaos of the digital [music] age. I want you to just let that number sink in for a second. 99%. Think about it. Out of a 100 things that cross your vision right now, your brain actively throws 99 of them in the trash before you're even consciously aware of it. And here's the kicker. That's not a bug. It's a feature. It's a [music] brilliant survival mechanism to conserve precious mental energy. But if you're the one trying to get a message across, [music] well, it's a monumental problem. You're not just fighting other ads for attention. You are literally fighting the fundamental design of the human brain. [music] And that is what we call the invisibility crisis. So, how in the world do we fight back? Well, here's our road map for this explainer. First, we're going to dig into the invisibility crisis. Then we'll uncover the gravity effect, the secret to pulling attention in. We'll look at the actual science of attention that powers it all. Lay out a practical blueprint for mastery. And finally, we'll shift our entire mindset towards something called engineering visual disruption. [music] Okay, so let's really define the problem we're up against. The invisibility crisis isn't about just making better ads. It's about acknowledging that the default state of every ad, every post, [music] every single piece of content is to be ignored. You don't win the fight for attention with a clever tagline 10 seconds in. I mean, by [music] then, the battle is long over. You've already lost. The real war is waged and won in those first few moments against our brain's ruthlessly efficient filter. The main villain in our story is this fascinating quirk of the mind called inattention blindness. It's basically your brain on autopilot. Just picture yourself scrolling through your phone. You're not really looking at anything, [music] are you? You're just scanning, your thumb flicking, waiting for something, anything to grab you. Your brain [music] is just coasting to save energy. And in this mode, you literally do not see things that are right in front of your face if they don't break the pattern. It's the exact same reason you can stare into the fridge and somehow not see the ketchup that's right there. [music] And that's how most advertising becomes completely, utterly invisible. And here it is. This is your deadline. 1.4 [music] seconds. Study after study shows that's the average time you have to hook someone before their thumb just keeps on moving. It is [music] a brutal, unforgiving window. Everything you've invested, the budget, the creativity, the strategy, all of it can just evaporate in this first second and a half. So, the most important thing to get is this. Success isn't determined at the end of your message. It's decided right here in this blink and you'll miss it moment. Okay. So, if our brains are biologically wired to ignore pretty much everything, [music] how does anything ever break through? Well, this brings us from the problem to the solution, the gravity effect. We have to stop thinking about pushing our messages out at people. Instead, we need to learn how to pull their attention in. We have to create a psychological force that's so [music] powerful it can override the brain's natural tendency to just filter and ignore. And that right there is the core promise of this whole idea. [music] What if grabbing attention wasn't some unpredictable art form, you know, a matter of luck or viral magic? What if it was a predictable science? [music] What if you could engineer a psychological pull, a gravity that reliably draws the eye and stops the scroll every single time? It's not about getting lucky. It's about understanding and applying a specific system designed for that ruthless 1.4 second window. The first part of this force is disruption. [music] And no, this isn't about just being loud or obnoxious. It's about strategically interrupting the visual pattern. [music] Your brain on autopilot is a master at spotting and ignoring what's familiar. It sees another polished ad that looks just like every other ad and immediately tunes it out. So, disruption is about deliberately violating those expectations. A shocking color in a muted feed, a weirdly slow movement when everything else is fast, a sudden shift in size. It's a high contrast visual jolt that basically screams at the brain, "Hey, this is different. You need to look at this." But here's the thing. Disruption alone is a trap. A visual jolt without any meaning is just confusing. And an annoyed brain is a brain that scrolls away even faster. That's why the disruption has to be instantly followed by the second critical [music] component, the relevance bridge. This is the immediate psychological payoff. The moment their attention is captured, the viewer's brain is asking one simple question, [music] why should I care? The relevance bridge answers that question, connecting the visual shock to a personal hook, telling [music] the brain, hey, this is worth your energy. These two elements have to work in perfect harmony. We call it the synchronicity loop [music] and they are completely inseparable. Think of it like a one-two punch. First, the disruption shatters the visual pattern. Immediately, and I mean instantaneously, the relevance bridge provides the Y. When you perfectly synchronize these two events inside that tiny 1.4 second window, you create the anchor. The scroll stops. The thumb freezes. The brain is [music] now convinced this is worth its time. And it switches from passive scanning to active engagement. And this brilliant synchronization is what creates the transformation. When you engineer it correctly, your message is no longer just another piece of ignorable, invisible digital noise. It becomes an immediate necessity. You've successfully done the impossible. You've hijacked the brain's filtering system, [music] and you've convinced it that stopping to pay attention is a valuable use of its limited resources. You've created [music] gravity. Now, this isn't just some clever marketing theory. It's actually grounded in decades [music] of cognitive neuroscience research into how our brains actually process the world. So, let's get into the science because this is where we discover just how predictable and powerful this force can truly be. To really get this science, we need to know about two different modes of thinking famously described by the psychologist Daniel Conaman. [music] System one is our autopilot. It's fast, it's intuitive, and it's incredibly energyefficient. It's how you drive a familiar route home without really thinking about it. [music] This is the autopilot scroll. System two is the opposite. It's our conscious mind. It's slow, deliberate, [music] and energy hungry. It's what you use to solve a math problem or navigate an unfamiliar city. This is the intentional scroll stop. The entire goal of attention gravity is to use a specific trigger to jolt the [music] brain out of that lazy system one and force it into the engaged system 2. So, what is that specific trigger? Well, it's a powerful cognitive bias known as the isolation effect, [music] sometimes called the von restorf effect. And the principle is elegantly simple. [music] Our brains are hardwired to notice and to remember things that are different from their surroundings. If I show you a list of 10 words [music] printed in black ink and just one word is printed in bright red, which one are you going to see first and remember later? The red one. Every single time. [music] That is the isolation effect in action. This effect is the neurological engine that drives the disruption part of our synchronicity loop. I mean, our brains evolved in a dangerous world. We're noticing novelty. The one red berry and a bush of green leaves, the sudden rustle in the tall grass was the key to [music] survival. In the digital jungle, we can trigger this exact same deep-seated instinct with extreme contrast. When the brain detects this high contrast anomaly in a sea of predictable visual patterns, it forces an override of the system 1 autopilot. It's like a neurological alarm bell that says, "Stop scrolling. Analyze this. This is not like the others." Okay, so we've covered the crisis, the core mechanism, and the deep science behind it. Now for the most important part. [music] How do we actually use this? Let's translate all this theory into a practical, actionable blueprint for engineering attention gravity. But before we look at the steps, we have to come back to our merciless deadline. 1.4 seconds. This number has to [music] be burned into our minds. It governs every single decision in this framework. The pattern has to be broken and the reason for that break, the relevance [music] must be delivered almost instantaneously. If you fail here, nothing else matters. So, here's the three-step framework. First, [music] execute the pattern interruption audit. This means you have to become a student of the environment. I mean, literally open the app where your message will live and just scroll. What do you [music] see? Fast cuts, earthy pastel colors, userenerated style videos. Write down the norms. Your job is to create the exact opposite. [music] Second, define the 1.4 second relevance link. What is the single most important promise you can make or problem you can solve? That needs to be the first thing they see or hear. Not welcome to our page, but something like stop wasting time on X. It has to be that direct. And third, enforce a singular visual anchor. To maximize that isolation effect, you need one uncluttered [music] focal point, a single bizarre, unforgettable thing. Don't dilute its power with five other things competing for attention. One strong high contrast anchor is infinitely more powerful. And this is a really crucial point. [music] This framework shifts our focus away from the vague mysterious goal of just being more creative and [music] moves us toward the concrete repeatable strategy of engineering disruption. It's not about waiting around for a lightning bolt of genius to strike. [music] It's about methodically analyzing a system and building something designed to predictably win within its rules. This leads us to our final and maybe most important shift in thinking. This isn't just a collection of tactics. [music] It's a fundamental change in how we have to approach communication in the modern world. It's about accepting the biological reality of how attention actually works and building [music] our strategies around that reality, not in spite of it. Just let this sink in. The best idea in the world, the most life-changing product, the most beautifully crafted message, all [music] of it is completely worthless if it doesn't survive the first 1.4 seconds. The single biggest point of failure in all communication today is not the pitch. It's the opening. It is the failure to earn the right to deliver that pitch by first winning that initial fleeting moment of attention. And this really brings us to the ultimate takeaway. We need to stop thinking in terms of pushing people down a path they don't want to take. Our goal should be to create an irresistible pull toward the value we offer. And that pull, that gravity is created when we have the discipline to engineer the visual disruption and synchronize it perfectly with genuine relevance. So, I'll just leave you with this question. As you go back to your own social feeds, you now have the blueprint. [music] You can kind of see the matrix. You understand the science being used to direct your gaze second by second. So, now that you know precisely how your attention is being pulled and anchored, will you ever be able to scroll with that same unconscious autopilot again? Or have you just become a conscious observer of the silent war for your attention?

- How To Increase Video Watch Time With Pattern Interrupts: Kind: captions Language: en in the last video we talked about the great video structure and the acronym g-r-e-a-t when you know that formula you'll be able to sketch out or improv any video on any topic with which you have knowledge but that isn't going to make your video interesting in fact on YouTube you have to add visual elements that entertain the audience and keep them engaged we call these pattern interrupts and at the end of the video we have attention interrupt let's talk about what those things are oh a pattern interrupt is a change in the pattern or flow of the video designed to reconnect the viewer to the content and get them to change their behavior in other words this is a sound effect a visual element a joke or something that pops up on screen that causes the viewer to go I like this guy pattern interrupt plays strategically inside your video will not only increase your watch time but create a branded look and feel on your videos that creates trust with the audience that will enhance your influence in their mind you've probably seen these before for example this lower third that tends to appear on the lower third of the screen I could put a subscribe button up here or any number of branded elements that make my video look cooler I can also add transitions like this which I call a whoosh transition notice that it also included a sound effect like this now we've found that using sound of effects and lower thirds that ask for engagement without me having to say it actually increased engagement on our videos by 317 percent now if you go to the videomarketingschool.com and you click over here on video branded overlays you can order a set of custom video branded overlays that will use your logo your brand colors and your typography to create a whole set of overlays that you can drag and drop on top of your videos or give them to your editor if you're already in the YouTube Authority intensive we will make these for you at no additional charge but if you're not in the Intensive as of yet you can order these on our website at any time now let's talk about the tension interrupt the tension interrupt is one of my most favorite structural tools for increasing watch Time by even just a little tiny time foreign [Music] T is adding a pause or building value before your climax point to get the viewer to watch for an extra 30 seconds or a minute do you see the strategy there see chances are when you deliver the big climax of your video the big hurray the final point the viewer could click off so instead of just delivering the point we want to add attention interrupt that gets the viewer to watch a little bit longer by adding 30 seconds onto your videos here and there you'll make a lot of gains on YouTube attention interrupt is like a drum roll and a great way to add attention interrupt into any video is to tell a story on how you arrived at your final point so let's say that your big climax is that you learned how to water ski but before I learned to water ski I had a memory and it was of me and my dad on the river and he said to me son you can do whatever you want to do and that's when I knew that I could water ski so I got on those skis and I jumped on them and I was able to water ski you've got the the end of your video here and you want to add a tension interrupt a drum roll add 30 more seconds of content that'll keep the viewer watching and more emotionally engage them before you deliver the climax and you tell them what to do next as we talked about in the great video structure so I hope that helps you understand the psychological elements the visual overlays that go on top of the great video structure you want to place them strategically inside your video after your hook add a pattern interrupt before you move on to relating to the viewer and you add those in between each little section you'll find your watch time increases and that people actually enjoy hearing from you foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @owenvideo1 [2 likes]: Which Pattern Interrupts are you going to experiment with in your next video?
  2. @fadelesstree [1 likes]: Wtf! That TINIIIIIIIÌIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNY bet😅😂😂
  3. @ContractorDynamics: I took some notes and we will be implementing more pattern interrupts and tension interrupts. Thanks!!!
  4. @qrushfitness: Min 2:30 Hahahaha well played Owen 😂
  5. @TraphouseBoominOU: For us that do voiceovers this is gold.
  6. @Adamerhartvideo: Awesome my man super important stuff!

- I failed to remake a Video Hook: Kind: captions Language: en So um this is 11:02 and I'm about to start editing a YouTube book I saw by a podcast show popular podcast show I think is what podcast or so and um I have less than an hour to do so before I need to dispass with something else. So um why not watch me walk anyway. So, this is the podcast seat and it's time to work. So, the first thing I'm going to do is to make some cuts across the scene. I have already gotten the script of the YouTube book and I have decided to use AI to extract the best parts for where I want for my hook. A hook is supposed to capture the attention of the audience whoever the viewer is long enough to make them interested in watching the video. So I've used scripts to generate I mean I've used AI to run through the script and generate which section I want for my hook. So I'll be making a rough cut over the next few minutes and subsequent edit on whatever I can do around it. All right. So, currently I'm faced with a problem. I thought I had a transcript from YouTube and this is the second time this is happening actually. So, when you want to use your transcript to make a for your video. It's important that you actually use the transcript from the video itself, the actual video itself. I'm using a transcript from YouTube to generate um a hook, a hook line, a hook set from it, a 30 seconds hook. I'm not doing something much. I just can be done for the social media. So um a 30 seconds hook and I'm using a transcript that I got from a YouTube transcript generator took it to make a sensible hook out of and now the transcript is quite inaccurate with what I have here. So um where I'm going to is that whenever you're trying to do this kind of thing, it's important that you just use the transcript from Premier Pro instead of um using the transcript from a YouTube transcript generator. Sometimes might not be it might not be accurate like this is the second time it is been inaccurate for me. So by the time I wanted to make YouTube shorts out of the long form video for a client and I went to the YouTube um account to get the transcript of the video the link to make into transcript for the video and it wasn't wasn't appropriate. So when I downloaded it I got a separate transcript version from from Premier Pro different from what YouTube transcript generator had gotten for me. And the transcript generator I use is quite good actually is one of those platforms. Maybe when I check the name I can put it in the video somewhere. So um that was just my advice for you. Anyway, let's get back to editing. After trying hard and hard enough, this particular video is a flop. Um, the reason is because this video is hard to because it's already edited. I'm just trying to get a portion to edit out of it and it has too many multiple scenes of mixed media, the actual visual mixed with graphics from Twitter and everything because it's a podcast. So, it's quite hard to get a good portion. Every single portion that has good um lines for a hook, they are all used up with the special text on screen and everything. So, this media is a flum admit, but when you're wrong, you're wrong. So, on to the next. And I'm shutting down this goddamn thing to go and sleep.

- Why 99% of Creators Fail at Hooks (Start With Emotion Instead): Kind: captions Language: en What do you want them to feel? And then you design the story around that. Because again, so many times when we're telling a story or creating a piece of content, we're just so focused on us and what we want to convey, what we want to say versus how is somebody on the other side of the screen going to experience this? Like what are they going to feel? What are they going to say? What do they think? If they were to write a comment, what would that comment say? what would get them to share it with their friends? And the moment that you can make that shift with each post, and it's going to take some practice, but each time you do that, you're going to start building that muscle, and it's going to completely change your perspective on how you create content going forward. Okay, I like that breakdown. So, we we start with emotion. I I feel the exact same way too, by the way. When I write a post, not freestyling it on camera like this, I start with an emotion. What is it I'm feeling? What is it that I want them to feel? And I craft the words in a story so that they hopefully feel the same way. A lot of times my intention is make people cry. So I'm like, I'm writing stories like I want you to feel the pain of whatever it is I'm going through because I felt that pain myself. And often times that's what they do. and they'll tell me in the comments, "I feel like you're describing my life and my story." And like, "My god, thank you for sharing that. I feel so less alone in the world because someone else has experienced that." Gives me a lot of hope. Do you know Craig Clemens? >> No. >> So, Craig um he's a good friend. He founded a company called Golden Hippo and they basically create consumer products around um doctors and celebrities and things of that nature. and he's his company has sold over$2 billion dollars worth of products through social media ads. Um, one of the best copywriters in the world. And he says something similar. He says, "The minute that you can get into your customer's head and understand their core problem, the thing that wakes them up in the middle of the night, and once you understand that and you can articulate their problem to them better than they could articulate it to themselves, you win their trust. and then they'll they'll follow you down that journey with the solution that you want to sell them. So, it's a very similar thing to what you're saying, that experience of people feeling that or saying, "I've felt that or I feel that way or I've been through that." That's such a powerful powerful emotion and a way to connect. And I just want the audience to kind of understand like what you just said of like creating that connection of like people saying I feel that way or I've been through that experience compared to posting a product of a vitamin supplement with a 20% coupon code on it. It's like what are people supposed to do with that? It's completely different. It's completely different. So everything I do is I perceive it through a hook. I just kind of view everything that way. I I think >> you're a hooker. >> Yeah, [laughter] I'm a hooker. >> Just saying. >> I'm a hooker. you are. Here we go. >> Um I'm kind of looking at like what is the thing that just pops out? What is the thing that jumps out? like an I've just done it so intuitively that I kind of pick up on it. Like here's an amazing exercise and I put it in my Hookpoint book like that you can do is if you just imagine you're standing in front of a magazine stand like and you have all these magazines and new newspapers in front and I and it's even a great exercise just to go to a Barnes & Noble or someplace that still sells magazines and you can look at it and just look at the titles and just think about if I only got like three to five words or you know just one headline like what would I say to get that person to pick up that magazine, that newspaper and read it over all the other ones out there? And when you kind of constrict yourself to kind of thinking in that way, it allows you to kind of start looking at like, well, what is the most impactful thing out of that story that stands out? Now, the beauty of the tools that we have available to us today is AI. You can throw stuff in the chat GPT and just like brainstorm and like I recommend is like go through 50 a hundred of these. Don't don't just like come up with five ideas. But you've got to kind of understand that we live in this world that is so saturated. It's so noisy with social media that you have to break the pattern. You have to break the pattern of all the other content, but also have to break the pattern of every story that's already been told about what you're about to talk about. Because the reality is everything's been done before. Originality is is overrated in terms of creating something new. Now your spin on it, your story about it and the way you convey it, that's where you can create the hook and stand out. Like the story that you just told, I mean, it's been told a thousand times. I'm a little offended. >> But your version of it of how you tweak it, how you contextualize it can help stand out. >> Okay, I'll do you one. I'll do one more. Um, I believe if you really want to learn how people grab people's attention, don't just go to Barnes & Noble. First of all, it's a dying breed. Just go to any grocery store where you're going to go check out. Look at the magazines that are ripe by the checkout. They have 3 seconds to grab your attention and make you impulse buy. We're talking about Inquir, US Weekly, all the tabloids, those kinds of things, cuz they're going to just grab at you. They work really hard cuz they know that's it. because no one's going out there like, "Oh, let me peruse this magazine." Impulse, right? So, you can probably look at those like um secret lover, uh this person comes out, uh cabal to kill this person, and you're like, "What?" They're always designed to really they're a little sensational, but you can probably learn a lot by just looking at those, right? >> Billboards, too. Yeah. >> Billboards. Yeah. Cuz they they have that mini. >> I mean, the amazing thing is, and you it has to be done a little bit more nuanced is social media. Like I mean if >> there's billions of data points available to us for free, >> you just have to pay attention to them and it'll show you the pattern of what works and what doesn't and

- Develop Scroll-Stopping Ads Using Cnaptiq AI: Kind: captions Language: en are your ads getting lost in the endless scroll boost your ad impact with scroll stopping visuals designed to grab attention instantly our Cutting Edge AI tools help you create eye-catching ads that make viewers pause and engage ensure your message gets noticed driving results and increasing your ad Effectiveness tailored visuals maximize engagement and deliver a higher Roi for your clients make your ads impossible to ignore with our Innovative scroll stopping Solutions

- AI Apps Scroll Stopping Ads: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to scroll stopping ads where your advertisements become visual masterpieces imagine ads so eye-catching they instantly grab your audience's attention our state-of-the-art designs don't just look good they drive results with scroll stopping ads you'll see a noticeable boost in ad performance and conversions harness the power of AI to automate and optimize your ad creation say goodbye to generic underperforming ads and hello to visually stunning High converting masterpieces take your advertising game to the next level with our cutting Edge tools experience the future of advertising today with scroll stopping ads where every scroll stops for you

- AI Scroll-Stopping Ads Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to AI Herway. In this tutorial, I'll show you your go-to tool for creating scroll stopping ads effortlessly. Start by heading to the dashboard and click AI scroll stopping ads. In image idea, input your concept. I'll suggest a woman with sleek curls and a modern curling iron. I prefer digital artwork with a futuristic style, but feel free to explore settings that match your brand. Once your ad is generated, check out the vibrant results and easily download them for use. Refine your target audience settings to focus on female for a specific market appeal. With a quick adjustment, enjoy a stunning ad that perfectly aligns with your business needs. For more easy tutorials, like and follow our page. Thank you for choosing AI her

- AI Scroll-Stopping Ads Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to omnis solve AI your go-to tool for creating scroll stopping ads effortlessly Begin by accessing the app and navigating to your dashboard then click on AI scroll stopping ads in image idea input your concept I'll suggest a woman with Sleek curls and a modern curling iron I prefer digital artwork with a futuristic style but feel free to explore settings that match your brand once your ad is generated check out the vibrant results and easily download them for use refine your target audience settings to focus on female for a specific Market appeal with a quick adjustment enjoy a stunning ad that perfectly aligns with your business needs for more easy tutorials like and follow our page thank you for choosing omnis solve AI

- Top 3 Most Effective Ways To Test Facebook Ads In 2025: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Three ways to test Facebook ads in 2025. And which one is my favorite for scaling e-commerce clients to million dollars a month. So the first one is just simply creating new campaigns every time you have new creatives to test. This campaign can either be an campaign or CBO campaign. I've seen mixes between both. And then all you do is just simply load in a few ads to it and then let it run. One of the pros for this specific structure is that it allows you to force a good amount of ad spend to every new batch of ads that you create. One of the downsides of this though, you're also spending a lot more on unproven creatives that you do not know if they'll work or not for your business. So, you will have a lot more swings between good and bad overall CPAs for the account. Having more campaigns also creates more auction overlap which also hurts overall cost per purchase on the account as well. Now the next method is the and CBO method combined. For this particular method you'll have a CBO campaign and then what you'll do is you'll have an campaign at a budget that's about onetenth whatever that CBO campaign is. In the CBO campaign, you have all of your winning ads that you are scaling. In the campaign, all you do is you simply create a new ad set at a low budget, maybe $10 to $50 a day per adset. And each new ad set is a new set of creatives you want to test. Now, one of the pros to this is that you're only spending a little bit of money on creative testing. And a little bit of money that you're forcing to these new creatives are unproven. Duo waste a lot less money than just doing new campaigns every time you have new creatives to test. One of the downsides of this structure, you will find winning creatives at a low budget, but it doesn't necessarily mean they'll work at a high budget. So, you'll find a lot of winning creatives at a low budget and you put them into the CBO campaign and they doesn't always get spin. One of the reasons why is because the campaign will be at such a low budget. All Facebook is doing is just basically collecting lowhanging fruit for purchases off of the main CBO campaign that's getting all the spin. Now, let's go into number three, which is the CBO method. All you're simply doing with this is having one CBO campaign, and then all you're doing is just adding in new adsets into that CBO campaign every time you have new ads to test. And you'll do one ad set with three creatives per adset. inside of that ad set, you'll either have flexible on where you upload the three creatives to that flexible or you'll have just three individual ads. Now, one of the biggest pros with this particular method right here is it allows us to scale the fastest when we find a new winning ad. With the other two methods, if we find a new winning ad, then we have to like either move it from an campaign or we have to start scaling up that new campaign we launch. Whereas this particular method, we're putting all of these adsets in our main CBO campaign for the account. So, it's already spending 80 to 90% of the total account budget. And when we find a new winning creative, it starts spending on that particular creative, it takes majority of spend and immediately sees a lift in overall performance for the whole account. Now, one of the biggest cons with this particular method right here is that it doesn't ensure that every adset gets spin. So, there'll be a lot of creatives you spend a lot of time and money on to build and you'll put them in the CBO campaign and then you'll just simply like not getting any spin and it can be very frustrating for a lot of people. Now that we've gone over the three methods and have been running Facebook ads now for over 10 years and I've scaled multiple ecom clients to million-dollar months, which one is my favorite method for testing ads? For me, it's the single CBO method. biggest reasons for me is that yes, there will be adsets that will not get any spin or little to no spin. And I'm okay with that because every time we've broken those adsets out and launched separate campaigns with them, they've always just burned money and they've never worked for us. So, it's like Facebook is actually helping us by not burning money on creatives. This method is also very simple to use. All we have to do is once a week upload a couple adsets with new creatives to that CBO campaign and then we just let them run and then the only time we're turning things off is if on a 7-day window that particular adset has a very high CPA hurting the performance for that particular campaign. This makes it very easy to use and also too we're only spending like 5 10 minutes a day inside of the ad account for management. And lastly, it's always given us the fastest way for scaling an account forward while maintaining a very good CPA at scale. Now, I'm curious, which one is your favorite? If you have a favorite one, then drop the comment below and also why you love that particular method. If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Meomi37 [5 likes]: Why dont you just have 1 adset with all the ads? If I make adsets Facebook is telling me that having more adsets it auction overlap for each adset compete for each other.
  2. @aelyzdraen [1 likes]: For your preferred CBO method, can I do 1 ad per adset with forced minimum spend of 17/day for cleaner data? Does it need to be 2-3? I want to make sure Facebook isnt ignoring potential winners.
  3. @AmarilisWernex [1 likes]: Gostei muito da parte em que você explicou como estruturar os testes A/B para identificar os melhores criativos. Sempre tive dificuldade em mensurar qual variável impacta mais no resultado. Você acha que vale a pena testar variações de copy logo de início ou é melhor focar primeiro nos visuais?
  4. @AmarilisWernex [1 likes]: Achei bem interessante a forma como você explicou a importância dos testes A/B para otimizar os anúncios no Facebook. Concordo que fazer pequenas alterações nos criativos pode trazer resultados significativos. Já testei variações de chamadas para ação em anúncios e vi diferenças consideráveis no engajamento. Você tem alguma dica específica para testar públicos diferentes?
  5. @AmarilisWernex [1 likes]: Testar diferentes criativos de vídeo como você mencionou realmente faz toda a diferença nos resultados. Eu notei que quando ajusto os primeiros 3 segundos para algo mais chamativo, a taxa de retenção melhora muito! Você tem alguma dica específica pra testar diferentes hooks de forma mais eficiente?
  6. @SharonKumar-s1q [1 likes]: Hey Nick, what about testing new products for womens footwear? would you throw them in the same CBO campaign or would you test them in a new CBO?
  7. @maartenbbakkers1200 [1 likes]: Hey great video!

The strange thing is i once tested a CBO campaign, with 5 creatives in it. 1 got 95% of all the spend. And it stayed that way. However when i took 2 ads from that cbo which did show promising metrics and tested them in ABO they were straight bangers. Im not kidding they were doing roas 11 in the abo.

Then i put them in a new cbo and they did work. However up until a certain budget point, after that limit performance dropped instantly, so they were like picking the low hanging fruit in a way.

I have this feeling that in a CBO mete just looks at the first signals of an ad and then pushes all the spend to the ad that shows the best early signals..

Anyone who had a similar experience? And what worked best for you
  8. @claudiuhvuu [1 likes]: If your ad account is relatively new and you want to test out these 3 strategies, is it a good idea to test these strategies simultaneously? If you want to test them individually, how long are you testing each strategy for?
  9. @TheMusicalWebb [1 likes]: Hey Nick! Do you find that if you were to add new creatives in one CBO, that Facebook can find the winning ones quickly without spending a lot of money like method #1?
  10. @MuhammadUsmanShahzad-c4r [1 likes]: If we do multiple adsets in one campaign the biggest issue or I say the most annoying thing is the learning limited thing! How do we handle that & once we have a good foundation so we can scale the CBO with multiple adsets by 20% Daily or till its stable right? would be helpful if you could help with that learning limited thing.. Thanks man Appreciated..
  11. @EcoAgilean [1 likes]: Nick, can you please refrain from using acronyms such as CBO or ABO, without explaining what they are? Many of us are doing meta ads for the first time :)
  12. @lexikazz [1 likes]: Question - if you add new ad sets into your testing CBO every week, are you also increasing your campaign budget every time you add new ad sets? if so, whats your rule of increasing CBO budget with new ad sets?
  13. @Stringfreak [1 likes]: Hey Nick! Great content as always. Please clarify something for me.
If I keep adding new creatives in the same ad set every week (in stead of creating new ad sets for the new creatives), does it create any difference in the overall performance?
  14. @saucywentcrazy [1 likes]: hello nick, thanks for the video, if im doing the one CBO, lets say im 100 dollar per day in spend, if ctr above 1.5pct and cpc under 2 dollars in the german market. lets say i launch a new set of creatives, 3 videos and at what spend on that ad set can i kill if no sales? thank you.
  15. @froggyjosh [1 likes]: Nick, are you just using broad targeting with all your ad sets?
And how about placements…advantage+ or manually selecting?
  16. @Skrapson63 [1 likes]: Can I test multiple products in the CBO ?
  17. @junebaytic5266 [1 likes]: So if you have multiple products and your structure is the same as what you taught before (1 campaign - 1 ad set - best seller ads)  and I want to test using the number 3 option, do I have to create new adset on my scalin campaign with different sets of creatives or should I make a separate test campaign instead on CBO so I can test there?)
  18. @fethyzakou4390 [1 likes]: Are you use one adset or multiple adset in cbo compaine in your third method
  19. @freefddl [1 likes]: What do you think about funneling? Prospecting cold(1% lookalike) into a specific blog/landing page with a traffic campaign, then with a nurturing campaign to retarget them into a converting page
  20. @andiosumayao2984 [1 likes]: hello Nick! do you have a rule on a maximum number of adsets running at the same time in one CBO? And when do you increase budget?

- Using Pattern Interrupt as an effective presentation tool.: Kind: captions Language: en language in the age of the iPhone and the smartphones how long does the average per worker corporate executive how long can they work at a task before they feel the impulse to switch and do something new what do you think that how long do you think that impulse lasts before we go you know what I'm going to put this email aside what's Facebook doing five minutes nine minutes three minutes three minutes is what they found three minutes we can do a task before we feel the impulse two I'm gonna call my wife not a lot of time and guess what it's not getting better it's not going to get better it's going to get worse another study more important to all of us is one that was done at Indiana University to find out how about people listening to a presentation listening to a lecture listening to a meeting listening to a sermon in church how long can they go before they're listening and all of a sudden I don't want to listen anymore I'm thinking about dinner I'm thinking about the next session I have to go to what do you think they found for someone listening to a class a sermon a speech or presentation luckily it's longer than three minutes seven minutes 15 to 20. there's your answer 15 to 20. here's the bad news though how many of you do longer presentations in 50 to 20 minutes right so what's the what do we have in our tool belt in our Arsenal uh performance-based tools what do we have that can overcome that obstacle yeah so I don't know if this is on the sheep but write these two words down pattern interrupt you ever heard that term before a so that's your secret weapon to keep an audience engaged what's a pattern interrupt you set it up here but how about in the back what's the definition of a pattern interrupt yes a change up changing something in the messaging something in the delivery so what are some of the the pattern interrupts or change it UPS that some of you use in your presentations in your communication that work pretty well yes there's a good one ask a question go to the audience what's the question you know make it interactive a dialogue not a monologue what else using your voice sure you know monotone you know monotone in The Voice you can't engage an audience if everything is like this and I'm talking like this the whole time and this is how it's going to go for the next hour and I'm if there's a video or something yeah vid change the visual change the visual there's another pattern interrupt change speakers guess what we got to hear you we got to hear you we got to hear other people coming up and and doing not me anymore so what happens is those pattern interrupts reset the clock for you gives you another 15 to 20 minutes for your audience is with you break people up into teams breakout groups that's a good way to keep your audience engaged pattern interrupt pattern interrupt pattern interrupt pretty soon the day will be done they didn't even realize it was over because they were having so much fun the ones that are no good somebody comes in with their PowerPoint they plug in they go to their first slide and it's an hour two hours of just slide after slide after slide okay pattern interrupt engage that audience keep them with you

- Pattern Interrupt 3D Video Ads for Restaurants: Kind: captions Language: en are you a restaurant owner and struggling to get your business attention on social media are your regular Facebook and Instagram posts not getting the attention they deserve look it's harder than ever before to get people to click on your posts and ads so what is the solution well today I'd like to show you a breakthrough new type of 3D style pop-out ads that will explode your business's engagement likes and shares [Music] all right with these style of attention grabbing ads they will bring your restaurants post more clicks and leads than ever before because they are brand new and literally pop out of the screen people love to share these types of ads and sometimes they even go viral they have been proven to boost clicks on posts and ads imagine when your post comes alive and they see something bouncing out of their screen or you wrote a special seasonal offer like weekday discounts or a free bottle of wine with your meal and this will make it stand out from the rest if you need a little more information well why not get in touch today for a no obligation quote and see how these brand new 3D ads can help boost your business today

- NLP Technique: Pattern Interrupts You Can Use to Make More Sales: Kind: captions Language: en hey there it's john benson and this is a picture of the most influential creative and persuasive genius alive you shocked you surprised well keep watching and i'll reveal how this monkey ended up making tens of millions of dollars in the weight loss space first that was a pattern interrupt that was a true story i'll tell you more about that in a moment and i'm john benson and this is sales copy secrets [Music] welcome back and this my friend is nlp pad interrupts made so simple even a monkey could do it almost almost a monkey it well we'll get more into the monkey in just a moment so you're in the right place if you are a zookeeper no i'm kidding you're in the right place if you are a copywriter or a marketer or anyone wanting to improve their copywriting skills or perhaps even start a copywriting business or make more money online you are in the right place now i won't just stick around until the very end don't do the watch the three minutes and go to the next video you know attention span of a gnat kind of stuff no don't do that first of all it's not friendly to the algorithm but more importantly to you i'm going to give you a tool at the end of this video i want to show it to you too for free that's going to allow you to create pattern interrupts using nothing but stories it's a very cool little tool that i designed just for you you're going to get it for free stick around and while you're sticking around if i've earned your like i have to earn it if i've earned your like if i've earned your trust if i've earned your enthusiasm i want you to pulverize the like button i want you to share this video with a friend please help this channel grow subscribe and do me a favor leave a comment below so what is a pattern intro a pattern interrupt is an nlp technique usually used at the very beginning of a video sales letter to scratch the disk of your prospect's brain to snap them into a heightened state of curiosity and attention by giving their subconscious mind something to chew on and the cool thing about pattern interrupts is they basically demand resolution they demand that you have to solve this your brain is going to stick around until they get the answer to how did that monkey make tens of millions of dollars why why is that monkey more creative than most people i know well you gotta stick around to find out now don't you yeah you do you know once you open a loop like this in a pattern interrupt prospects will stick around just for this you know the getting the interrupt solved so they can get it out of their mind man it's going to go around and around they'll be going to bed that night going what was the monkey that's kind of cool and it's a great way to get people to watch your video and you are living proof of this i mean you are sitting here watching this incredibly incredibly stupidestly good looking man really really really ridiculously good looking primarily because you're really curious about the monkey bit right and you probably want to know a little bit about nlp or neuro-linguistic programming as well because you want to improve your conversions and sales and that's cool too so i'll tell you more about the monkey in just a moment oh god i'm cruel aren't i first let's dive into pattern interrupts now there are many types of pattern interrupts the most famous is the one i made famous in the very first video sales letter which i created bsl's in case you don't know and the first video sales letter was for the book the every other day diet and the pattern interrupt went something like this hey my name is john and this is my magic jacket and this jacket helped me lose over 68 pounds of life-threatening fat that's how i opened the vsl now i call that type of interrupt a non-sequitur interrupt because it doesn't appear at first glance that a jacket has much to do with weight loss unless it is some sort of weighted jacket or some sort of thermal jacket what the hell is this jacket all about and most certainly you have no idea what i'm talking about when it comes to a monkey being this persuasive genius you have no clue what i'm talking about and that's what makes pattern interrupts so fun and so sticky but there are many other types of pattern interrupts i'm going to cover them briefly here i'm going to plan to do videos on each one of these so i can dive a lot deeper into them one is called the three questions interrupt and to be honest with you this is not really an nlp pattern interrupt this is much more of a normal corporatey kind of interrupt but they are still very effective especially if you're talking more corporate sales more b2b sales and you don't want to be so mysterious and internet markety if that is a is that a word let's make that word and the three questions interrupt is basically this you start with three questions you say are you interested in this do you want to avoid this and would you like an answer that is blank those are the three questions pretty simple what are we doing here we're doing duality aren't we we're doing pool you want something good push we want something bad and curiosity question that's all there is to the three questions interrupt another type of pattern interrupt is what i call the middle of the story interrupt and that is very commonly used in movies and episodic television you'll see for example a tv show that you follow it will come in often in the middle of a conversation or a movie will start in the middle of a scene you have no idea where they're going a middle of something that hasn't happened yet and then they go three weeks earlier right a few moments later well that is a middle of the story interrupt and one of my most famous was one i wrote for a supplement company called on it and it started off with she walked through my front door a shattered woman well obviously you need to know the context of what follows that to have that make any sense at all but it immediately grabs your attention because it's like well it just comes out of nowhere and those are very very powerful if you know how to use them correctly chris a dot is a great friend and a great bsl writer he uses these all the time another type is called the quiz interrupt and i think i probably pioneered this one too but not sure about it i do know that it was one of my more successful weight loss offers can you guess which one of these seven foods is the worst food for your thyroid the worst ice cream a banana steak a potato broccoli milk or eggs which one i'll give you the answer in just a few minutes and it will shock you and it ends up being that broccoli is the answer to that so it's kind of cool and i don't reveal that answer as you might imagine for about 20 minutes then there's the story interrupt where you show a picture of someone and you say you're not gonna believe how this guy got on a cover of a fitness magazine and it's a very simple story interrupt it's similar to the interrupt that i just used where i said hey there's this monkey that's super creative and but that's also a non-sequitur interrupt so you can combine these techniques and finally one of my favorites especially for short videos is a time stamp interrupt where you start off if you watch this video until the 3 minute and 17 second mark i'm going to reveal blank and what's important about that is that they can't skip so you have to disengage the controls and so obviously this doesn't work for some ad mediums and doesn't work for some platforms like facebook etc they wouldn't like that too much google wouldn't like it too much but if you're sending affiliate traffic or you're wanting a quick hit this is a good one now today i'm going to cover the most popular probably the most famous of these pattern interrupts and that is the non-sequitur interrupt and i'm going to teach you how to do this by giving you a cool little tool that i call the nightmare interrupt map and you can look below you can download that for free look below look look i'm gonna do this right now i'm gonna actually open the nightmare interrupt map and we're gonna go over it together so i can show you how it works and you can download your own copy after this video cool all right here we are at the john benson's nightmare interrupt matt tm tm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and there's really two parts to this two see i'm doing two hands here set up in the story but each of those parts have different parts as you might imagine so let's look at this we have the setup and i'm going to ask four questions it was what october 29 1997. pretty simple i was with steve i feel like eddie izzard i was with steve at the time i was on the moon with steve how did you feel i felt fat bloated depressed i'm writing three words you could write ten it doesn't matter i'm just giving you how to think through things and form a story and finally what were you wearing now the funny thing is is that's the one question where most people go why does it matter what i was worried in my case what i was wearing became the thing and i'm going to show you what i mean in just a moment now in each of these steps of the setup i'm going to ask you to get more specific i want you to put current events around the first one for example what else happened on october 29 1997. i actually had to look it up uh my birthday was weeks before i didn't have to look that up the stock market crashed i didn't remember that and it was sleeting and cold that's what i did remember but i would not have put sleeting and cold down here which became a major part of my story actually had i not asked myself what was the current events what was going on currently and i'm going to show you quickly steve i connected him to i knew he had a camaro he had a cd of soundgarden we were listening to soundgarden on the way home and what is this like here's a different question so connected is a different question obviously how is steve connected what's the connections to steve that's the question i asked so in other words what things do i think of when i think of steve and the next question is a little bit different when i say i'm fat i'm bloated i'm depressed what is that like well what else is fat bloated and depressed well a beast whale is fat and bloated an overinflated balloon is bloated vincent van gogh was depressed so i just wrote i'm just writing things out and this is how you think creatively it's such a cool technique this will help you think and find these non-sequitur images and think more creatively for your storytelling and finally i was wearing a black leather jacket pretty straightforward except for one detail it was oversized because i kept getting these extra extra extra large jackets because i was obese at the time and i hated the way i looked so i thought the bigger the jacket the more i could hide and that ends up being very important in my story okay back over here to the current events what does this connect to so birthday weeks before stock market crash leading a cold connected to the market crash days before and my body was going with it so in other words how do i connect my condition to something up here like i was turning how old i was turning i don't remember like let's say i was 35 i was turning 35 at the time and i felt like and it happened to be 35 pounds overweight so that's how you see how i'm connecting them i'm giving these little tips on how to tell an interesting story so i wrote the market crashed days before and my body seemed to be going with it and that worked perfectly so now we're going to pull a couple of images out of that and this is where you're going to find your potential pattern interrupt image and you can find a whole bunch of them as you can see there's a whole bunch of these here that i could have used so what is connected to these events current events and what i wrote so the market crashed so what's connected to the market well stock ticker okay my body was going with it okay what is it connected with that well i remember my birthday hat from up here so i'm pulling either here or here and i'm thinking of what image can i think of so i'm thinking of a stock ticker and a birthday hat if i asked you when i started this pattern interrupt exercise to think of a non-sequitur image related to weight loss a stock market ticker would not have leaped to your mind would it or a birthday hat but now you can see how this could be very enticing hey this is john and what you're watching here is the wall street stock market ticker one from 1945 let's let's even get even cooler what on earth does this ticker have to do with my weight loss success i'm going to reveal that in a moment what am i talking about did i did i buy some product that went up down in the stock market did i get rich in the stock market so i could afford a personal trainer you have no idea but this is what i'm talking about isn't that cool this is how it works guys and girls and monkeys now the same exercise i'm doing over here what is this connected to spoon man i thought of the song spoon man which is off the cd we were listening to and i say to myself so this very day spoon man reminds me of the fact that i was addicted so in my mind i was thinking okay spoon as in they're doing drugs or something so spoon man reminds me of the fact that i was addicted but i didn't need a spoon or anything illegal to fuel my addiction i was addicted to sugar see i didn't have to be a copywriting genius to come up with that i just had to say how do i make spoon man or sound garden connect to how i feel well at the time i'm feeling i was with steve and i here's how i felt so this is what i'm trying to do i'm trying to make a story out of this and by the way as you can tell this isn't just creating these images for me or potential images for pattern interrupts this is creating my story it's pretty cool so out of this i could have chosen a spoon that's a good one or a sound solid garden cd cover 1979 camaro so i just wrote a couple of things down but i could have chosen any of those okay and let's look at the final one here i asked my what is this like what does this feel like well a beast whale is also fat and bloated an over inflated balloon and vincent van gogh is depressed so here's what i wrote how do i connect this how do i make that connected to me my stomach looked like i had a huge balloon under my shirt an over inflated balloon i could have said i was a graphic artist at the time and my mental state reminded me of another artist vincent van gogh but i believe it or not i wrote all of this during this exercise because my original letter didn't sound anything like this i wanted to show you how easy i could rewrite it at a drop of the hat using this exact formula you're welcome and then finally i wrote down i hope steve didn't have a knife in his car because vincent van gogh cut off his own ear so what am i thinking of when i look at this well i'm thinking of an over inflated water hot water balloon that would make an interrupt image i could use a knife that would be a little dark so i didn't use it vincent van gogh would be an interrupt image you get our balloon would be an interrupt image i could use any of this any of these would be interrupt images and i'm going to cover briefly how you could write the story i know i'm giving a little extra credit on this and giving a little more than i promised you on the thumbnail hope that you don't mind i'm going to tell you how to create a quick story just really four simple elements i want you to think of an opening a bad part a really bad part and an independence moment now there's a little bit more in my original nightmare story formula that's found in now bsl you can get that below and all the slides are filled out there's a lot more stuff that can help you write this stuff but i wanted to give it to you as much as i could here cool the opening is just what happened first well we pulled into convenience store to get some donuts and i needed a sugar fix this is all in my original story so what image pops out of there well donuts right right it pops out immediately the problem is if i said hey john and this is donuts and these donuts help me lose 85 pounds it might be too like controversial mean people might be thinking oh i'm going to put them on a fast food diet and people who are health-conscious at all wouldn't like that on the other hand it would have been very very attractive to people that were addicted to fast food i just didn't want to do that because i didn't want to give that impression the next question is the next part rather is the bad part and what happened next is the question so what happened first what happened next i saw two prostitutes that was out they were outside they were shivering in cold and i went to find donuts inside the store and then i realized i left my wallet in my office all that really happened and so would it i could have pulled up prostitutes but that wouldn't have gone over very well at all so i pulled out wallet and then finally the bottom moment is the really bad part where did you hit rock bottom in this story and i hit rock bottom in a vicious way i stole the donuts because i didn't want to go back and get my wallet so my my jacket was so big and i was so fat at the time that i could stuff like packages of donuts in there and no one the guy walked in saw me when i walked in didn't notice anything so another element of the story left out at me i mentioned again the oversized black leather jacket i mentioned it twice now so guess what black jacket black jacket i got my interrupt image look at this and then the interrupt image is formed by this and this is super important so i got my black jacket but you need to ask yourself a question what is the dream solution what would be your ideal perfect dream with reality not even in the picture how would you like to achieve success so there's the reason i'm doing this is because i want to call it something so my dream of a weight loss plan in this case would be that it'd be instant like i could snap my fingers it would be easy it works like magic i could snap my fingers flexible fun and i wanted to look like brad pitt i really i remember writing all this stuff down like hey i want to look like brad pitt in fight club specifically and then all i did was take in magic john and this is my magic i could have said john and this is my brad pitt jacket it still would have worked perfectly because you would have been thinking like what the hell is brad pitt jacket that that might even been better okay is that no way just a second what about the monkey john what about the monkey i know your brain is going what about the monkey john well here's the story behind the monkey there was this super intelligent incredibly handsome strong vibrant virile and above all modest copywriter that was living in malibu california at the time and his significant other made a little ethical bribe to him and said hey i know how much you want a monkey i tell you what if you write a winner for this weight loss offer meaning i'll write the number one offer we'll get a monkey i was so excited by that because i wanted a monkey all my freaking life i was so excited i sat down and wrote the letter in a day no edits at all i don't recommend this by the way i don't recommend writing without edits and having to write something in a day i was just that excited that damn monkey in my brain created a muse-like figure that allowed me to create one of the highest converting fitness offers at the time and to this very day it still does pretty well so i think that's a pretty cool story that little monkey in my brain became the muse became the inspiration became what inspired me to write things faster and better than i've written up until that time than ever before in my life well there i closed the loop are you happy i'm not because i still don't have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] monkey alright this has been nlp pattern interrupts made so simple a monkey could almost do it almost do it so now you know how to use the nightmare interrupt map and it's yours for free isn't that cool on creating interrupts that are non-sequitur meaning you're getting these weird images but also to tell a really cool story and this is going to help you secure those first seven seconds of attention that are super vital and you can hang on to that attention throughout most of your video sales letter and that's super important to secure attention rather than just get it it's one thing to get attention but you got to secure it you got to keep laying down loops we're going to talk about how to do that later in other videos so that you secure that attention you you anchor it so people just will stick around feeling like they're compelled to do it beyond their control that's not true by the way but it feels that way and you have access to that map down below grab it today any copywriter can use this any online marketer anyone interested in improving their copywriting skills this map and this training is going to come in really handy in the next video i'm going to talk about how you can take a pain point and magnify it using no lies 100 ethically magnify the problem so large that your prospect almost is forced to take action that very moment how handy would that skill be for you and hey if you haven't watched my other persuasion challenge videos they're in this series do look below because the entire series is going to help you become a much better copywriter and a much better marketer so remember like share subscribe comment below leave me something friendly leave me something constructive say something out of the blue i don't care use a non-sequitur interrupt post them below and until next time i'm jon benson and i'm here to help make you unignorable you

  Top Comments:
  1. @HopfenBoyz [4 likes]: I‘ve maybe commented 5 times in my life on YouTube... But this time I feel like it’s nothing but appropriate: AMAZING video.

Rarely get the impression that a 20 min teaching might be able to change my life… but since I kinda felt that here, I wanted to thank you and pay my deference to this video.

100% gonna check out more of your stuff.
  2. @iCksidhu [2 likes]: 4:21 start here
  3. @AIAffiliator88 [2 likes]: This is underrated channel!
  4. @nybrad6969 [2 likes]: These videos are ridiculously valuable... you're a machine, Jon! And your voice man... 
Okay, so a pretty random question about structure?
Is there a standard about the use of ellipsis in copy? Sentence length?
  5. @raccoon874 [1 likes]: stopping at the 6 minute mark, get to the point or fuck off
  6. @moonchildastro [1 likes]: awesome stuff
  7. @souomeyer [1 likes]: Obrigado pelo conteúdo! 💎
  8. @marialindley8010 [1 likes]: Ok, but WHY didn't you end up getting the monkey?
  9. @sannimustapha4376 [1 likes]: Brain rush!!! 
This is so good, damn
  10. @shazmahussain3395 [1 likes]: you are genius and very creative love your every single video
  11. @rooseveltsecrease9865 [1 likes]: What do the Charles Darwin theory of evolution and the Nightmare Interrupt Map have in common? I'll reveal that to you in just a moment. 
I returned to the video page a broken man... 5 daze earlier on 8/25/2021, JB sent an exclusive email meant only for me to attend a webinar where he introduced Pattern Interrupt as part of his exclusive high-end consulting pkg with me. As a bonus for attending the webinar he offered a link to the Nightmare Interrupt Map. You see? There's the link above... No, up there... Look up there. As I stated, that was on 8/25/2021. On 8/30/2021 at 2:01am 5 days after the invitation arrived in my inbox, I opened the email and excitedly clicked the link that connected me to the webinar. From the edge of my seat I listened as JB explained Pattern Interrupt, then excitedly rushed to download the Nightmare Interrupt Map dreaming of the possibilities, I clicked the link... I returned to the video page to... well, this is where you discover what Charles Darwin and the Nightmare Interrupt Map have in common....
  12. @googleruinedyoutubeforever: im confused...how does story and set-up connect at the end? do they both need to end with the same image (jacket?).... Setup is to get the image..and story is to build copy(story)?
  13. @kennytrimm6234: Here
  14. @wolverineforce2068: Fist 20 seconds 😂🤝🏼
  15. @dhagegopal: Hey Jon, super content. I was not able to connect the independent/moral of the story part.. great if you can explain..
  16. @israrmalik4336: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ magical stufff
  17. @freddy-rebooted: this is FASCINATING. I am learning to become a marketer and just learning to script my on-camera message to my ideal customer. I knew NLP could be used in marketing but have yet to meet someone who could explain it in depth and with positive upbeat energy. Do you have a course on this specifically?
  18. @ÆNONxSRLOSCO: Diamonds are forever....
Lol ❤😂 That's a pattern interrupt right there...
Thanks for this video I'll be binging your channel now
  19. @MrOnioncookie: Okay, but monkeys, especially chimps are dangerous as pets. 

It was probably for the best.
  20. @gustavoguerra3691: uauu!! very good

- Pattern Interrupt 3D Video Ads for Online Coach: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] are you online coaching and struggling to get your business seen on social media are your regular Facebook and Instagram post not getting the attention they deserve look it's harder than ever before to get people to click on your posts and ads so what is the solution well today I'd like to show you a breakthrough new type of 3D style pop-out ads that will explode your business's engagement likes and shares thank you with these style of attention grabbing ads they will bring your online coaching posts more clicks and leads than ever before because they are brand new and literally pop out of the screen people love to share these types of ads and sometimes they even go viral they have been proven to boost clicks on posts and ads imagine when your post comes alive and they see something bouncing out of their screen or when you run a special offer like 20 off all online business coaching this week if you need a little more information well why not get in touch today for a no obligation quote and see how these brand new 3D ads can help boost your business today

- The Facebook Ads Mistake You Can’t Afford to Make: Kind: captions Language: en This video is going to be a bit different from my usual videos because I want to show you an example of a business whose Facebook ads went from performing really well to completely dying. And I'm going to explain what happened, why it happened, and what you can do as a Facebook advertiser to make sure that this doesn't happen to you as well. So, the business I'm going to talk about in this video actually became a client of ours. They joined my mentorship program, and they did so because they were really struggling. They had gone from ad campaigns, Facebook and Instagram ads that were performing really well, consistently able to generate sales at a decent return on ad spend number. And over time, they just watched their results slowly get worse and worse and worse to the point where they were unprofitable and actually quite unprofitable by the time they they uh got involved with us and sort of asked for our help. Now, previously, they'd been spending the majority of their ad spend selling just the one product from their product range. It was one of their bests sellers. It sold well elsewhere and it was a product that was good at acquiring new customers in particular. It was relatively low barrier to entry. They were able to sell that, acquire a lot of customers, add a decent return on ad spend number, build a customer base, all the sorts of things I talk about that can that can really help you over the long run as a as a Facebook and Instagram advertiser and a business that wants to grow a customer base using this ad platform. Now, I can't say the name of this business specifically or even the industry unfortunately. Um, obviously I try and share as much of what we learn based on what we do with clients as possible, but understandably clients want to keep things um, private and an anonymous. I totally get that. Uh, but I can still tell you what happened and and you can take away the valuable lesson for this and apply it to your to your space. So this I can't say the name of the business or the industry, but this business was or it still is a known entity within this industry. So, not one of the biggest players, but a brand that if you regularly buy products within this space or you work within the space, you would have heard about. They had some brand power. And their ads had previously been doing reasonably well. Um, they weren't amazing. They weren't terrible either. They were just sort of average, I would say. Uh, but they were able to sort of punch above their weight to some extent because of this brand power. And just a quick aside to the sort of the real lesson I want to get through in in this video is that having a known name within your space and having that brand power is such a cheat code, such an advantage. And it's one of the reasons why business gets so much easier the longer you do it. Running Facebook and Instagram ads gets so much easier the longer you do it because you start to become an established name, a recognizable entity, and that helps everything uh when it comes to customer acquisition, reactivating customers, all sorts. Just something aside, if you're struggling or looking at competitors thinking, why can they run ads like that and get great results and I really struggle? It may well be that they have brand power if you're much newer and much less um established. So, they're spending most of their money on this one product that was selling well and this is sort of their main focus for customer acquisition. They had some retargeting focus campaigns um alongside those that would then sell other products within their range, high ticket stuff um typically. And this is this is these are the campaigns that had really sort of dropped off over time and and were starting to to well they had gotten to the point where they were very unprofitable. Now you might be thinking, okay, well this is simply an ad fatigue issue, right? They ran the same ads for too long. They became people became bored of them. They needed to produce new ones and that's why results sort of steadily got worse and worse and and dropped off. And it wasn't. They had regularly produced new ads. They knew that that was a potential issue. like they had solved for that problem but still seen this consistent drop off in results and we sort of had to because that was the original thought we'd had right as soon as a business tells us that story is the first thing I think is oh you've got ad fatigue you need new ads that wasn't um the case here they had created new ads and and whilst the new ads hadn't performed as well as the old ones it wasn't like you could directly compare and see results it was like just a general trend line of everything was worse not if you're introducing new ads to overcome advert you would expect some to perform worse, but some to perform on par, some potentially to perform better if you produce enough than the previous ones. That would be what we typically see. Just kind of everything was was down um over time. Now, what we found in really digging into this is that this this one product that was really good at acquiring customers, grabbed a lot of attention, got lots of engagement always when advertised, the reviews for it weren't amazing. So, when you looked at what people said about the actual product, it wasn't just tons of five-star glowing reviews, right? A lot of people would say, "Oh, a bit disappointing." They weren't terrible. They weren't sort of saying, "This doesn't work at all for what it is that is intended." It was just like, "This is okay. There are better alternatives." People are saying, "This thing's fine. There are better alternatives, maybe not great for the price, not as good as I was hoping for." Um, a bit disappointing. And some businesses can get away with that if they're basically a monopoly within their marketplace. no one else sells um the same or a very similar product or service. But that was not the case in for this business. They had direct competitors selling very similar things. And because they had direct competitors selling very similar things that had better reviews, better feedback, that really hurt this business's ability to sell this product to acquire new customers over time. And it's a really good reminder, I think, to all marketers, all Facebook advertisers that your business and your ad campaigns do not operate in a vacuum. It's not like the only source of information for these people will be your ad. They'll neatly click on it, come straight through to your website, purchase, won't question it. Now, some people might do that, of course, but a good chunk of people will look at reviews. is they'll look at other sources of information to try and verify is this thing that I'm thinking of buying any good? Are there better alternatives? I think that's actually something that business owners often struggle with is they think well my my thing is good and that's not really the bar. The bar is is it better than your competitors? Is it better than the similar versions being sold? Because if someone can just go through to look at the reviews and see that such and such has a a rating that's significantly higher than another one for a similar price or they look the same in terms of what people think about them, but one's cheaper, they're going to go with that option. At least a lot of people are. And actually, we've got interesting um data on on Gen Zed, Gen Z are far more likely to do that before making a purchase than previous generations. So things like that becoming more important. It's also impacting tracking because that generation is also far less likely to click on an ad and go through and buy. They're likely to bounce out, go and look at reviews and then like remember the name and search the company and and then go through that way. That's what people will do. Like we take this as an agency very very seriously. So we have someone within our team where it's part of their role to ask for reviews to repeatedly contact clients both in our mentorship program and our done for you services and say you've got great results. Would you mind leaving us a review? Like we work quite hard at that and because of that we've got a 4.6 out of five rating on Trust Pilot which is unheard of for a marketing agency. Like that's way higher than you would uh typically see for a marketing agency. So we know how key this is for our own business. And I think a lot of business owners want reviews. They think their thing is good, but if you actually look at what people are saying about their products services, maybe it's not quite as good as as they would like it to be. And that can be a big deal. We'll get back to the video in a second. Before we do, I just want to quickly let you know about my mentorship program. Now, with my mentorship program, me and my team mentor people daily to help them get the best possible Facebook ad results. We've actually had some amazing results recently from some of our mentees. We'll pop them up on screen right now. In fact, 82% of people that join my mentorship program see a notable improvement in their Facebook ads return on ad spend within just 30 days of joining. And that's a stat that I'm really proud of. There is a link in the video description below. you can click on that, come through to a page on our website and book in a free no obligation call with one of my team members to find out more about it and see if it would be a really good fit for you. Hopefully, we get a chance to work together. So, it became quite clear that the average reviews that this business was receiving for this product that they were really pushing and advertising aggressively and were hurting this business, this business's ability to sell and to scale and sell profitably and were impacting their cost per conversion. Now, interestingly, with this business, um, most of those sort of negative to average reviews were about this one product. The rest of their product range had had significantly better, uh, feedback, which was, which was fantastic. One of the ways to think about this as a framework, I think, for marketers and advertisers is that everyone always wants word of mouth, right? Everyone always wants that effect. They're thinking, I'm going to sell stuff. People are going to love it. They're going to tell friends and family, then I'll sell more. But what's very rarely considered is that that, of course, can work in reverse. And it can work in reverse digitally with reviews and and things like that and people seeing feedback and what people say about the the products and services. It can also work personto person. So, if you've had an experience with a product or service and it's been really poor, well, you are probably actually more likely to tell friends, family, write about it online than if you've had experience with something that's really good or or decently good, let's say, because that negative experience is going to be that much more impactful. And you might have a sense of like wanting to let people know about this company that that offers this thing that's not very good. And you want to like make sure other people don't get don't fall into that same trap and and things along those lines. like we've often had that had that experience. Well, of course, that can have a really big impact on your ability to advertise and the profitability of campaigns over time if you've got negative word of mouth working against you. Cuz if you're thinking about buying someone and you ask someone a a process that we all do a lot of the time, oh, I'm thinking about, you know, buying such and such, you know, this friend, this family member I know will know, they're really into that. They know all about that sort of thing. I'll ask them quickly. Um, and I think that's actually this is going to become more impactful with um, people using AI like chatbt for example where people are going to do more and more as part of their purchasing behavior. They're going to ask like they see an ad on on Meta and they'll say, "Oh, I saw an ad for this product. Is it any good?" The answer that's going to be provided is going to be based on feedback, reviews, and what people say online. Like that's what's going to be in there. So, I think it's going to become even more important. The word of mouth effect is more impactful as well if you're either operating within like quite a small niche or or if you're operating locally. Like think about how quickly a bad restaurant will die. Probably in the town city you live there are restaurants that pop up and then 6 months 12 months later they've disappeared. And I you can probably think of examples where you've thought oh I've seen such and such is new. And then you might ask someone who lives in the same town, city, etc. Oh, you know, there's a new such and such restaurant. I was thinking about giving them a go and they go, "Oh, don't. It's not very good. I wouldn't go in there." And that's just you won't go then most likely, unless you don't um respect the person's opinion or you don't think that their tastes align with yours, you would go, "Oh, okay. Oh, won't bother trying that then." Or even that that works to another degree as well because not only might you have that direct interaction, but I've had it many times where a new restaurant will open and you'll say, "Oh, I'm you know, I saw that place open. I think about going there." And the person I'm talking to will say, not that they've been in it wasn't very good, but someone they know has been in it's not very good. Oh, no. I wouldn't go there. You know, my my friend went last week and he said it wasn't very good. So, not only have they put off all of their friends, but then those people are then putting off their friends or their work colleagues or their family members because they're relaying that story as well. You can see how this can have a huge impact. That sort of negative word of mouth compounding can absolutely work in the opposite way. You go to a restaurant, fantastic food. You want to tell friends and family, "We should go there. It was brilliant. Uh, it was great. I'm going to take the family. I'm going to go again. It's going to become a regular of mine." Um, it it works all the way. So, if your results have dropped off over time and you're sort of scratching your head, you're working hard, you're introducing new ads, don't discount this as a potential issue. And I have spoken to literally thousands of Facebook and Instagram advertisers. I've been a a known entity, a name in this space for coming on for a decade, uh, going creating content, etc. I don't think anyone's ever told me that the reason why their ad campaigns are now struggling when they were performing well, which I've seen hundreds of times, maybe even thousands of times, is because their stuff's not quite as good as they would like it to be, and their reviews aren't quite as good as they'd like. Like, no one ever says that. Every business owner, every marketer assumes that their thing is brilliant and it's that might not be the case. Let's go back to the restaurant example. For a restaurant, a new restaurant, let's say, to succeed, does their food need to be good or does it need to be better than the alternatives that sell the same type of food. So, let's say you've opened a new Thai restaurant. Well, if you really want to succeed in that city or town, it probably has to be better than the other Thai restaurants in that space. Otherwise, they're just going to go there or it's cheaper or there's some other differentiating factor. It could still be good, but if yours is a seven out of 10 and there's a nine out of 10 down the road that sells the same type of food, you're in trouble. And the same applies across the board, all different industries, like that same logic applies, right? It doesn't need to be bad. It's a case of does the competition provide something um that people are better. So, a lot of businesses are obsessed with customer acquisition, not customer satisfaction. They are very much connected and interlin. And I think marketers need to be more appreciative of that. Um Seth Goden is someone I'm a big fan of as a marketer and he has absolutely you you consume his material the books he's written over time and you can see there's this shift over time where he talks less and less about like marketing traditional marketing tactics and more and more about the quality of the product and the deliverable being part of marketing because that's what then will allow um future customer acquisition, customer retention and the things that actually make a business valuable and successful over the long run. So, I'm going to give you a tactic for fixing this quickly in a second. But first, I want to let you know about Hyros. Hyrosse is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products, services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. So, let's say that what you offer is good but not the best and your reviews are decent but not exceptional. What do you do in that circumstance? Here's the way I would go about fixing that. I think you can find all the answers to what you should do from your customers. Get their feedback. Ask for feedback. Ask for reviews. Send out surveys. Then take the time to look at them. If someone leaves a really bad review for your product or service, what do they say? What is the issue there? What has caused them to leave the bad review? Ah, this thing took way too long to arrive. Right, you got to sort your delivery out then. um or it was far too complicated. I thought it would be easy. Okay, you need easier instructions on how to sign up for the service or how to install the product or whatever it is. Like a lot of the answers are going to be provided there if you take the time to to work that out. You can also do it in the opposite, right? So, when people do leave really good reviews, what do they say? Can you do more of that? Can you emphasize that even more? Maybe you can't fix a negative thing, but you can make it a non-issue by providing more of the positive thing. I think it's really important for advertisers to fix this if they think this is potentially an issue and you can always improve on your deliverable, right? So don't think this is either a binary, it's good, it's bad. It's like this is a scale and you can always look to improve it and do that before you look to ramp up and spend. So many businesses, they want to grow aggressively. They're impatient. They want to just spend as much as possible. But if you haven't fixed the thing that you're selling first, you haven't made that as good as it can possibly be. you can end up selling to more people, which creates more negative word of mouth, more bad reviews, and that hurts you over the long run as opposed to the opposite. And you will find that your advertising money spent will go that much further if everyone who buys really likes it or most people who buy really like it, they come back, they buy more, they tell other people. That compounding effect is uh is absolutely massive. So, coming back to this example of what we had to do, basically got to the point where we advised this business, you can't sell this product anymore. Like you can't aggressively advertise this on the front end like you have been. You need to start advertising other products and services that get well in this case products other products that get better reviews and better feedback. And like client was reluctant first and news big. It was a product that got a lot of attention naturally. It's why it sold well on the front end. They did eventually do that. The campaigns along with a bunch of other changes but the campaigns were able to be massively improved and and the business got to the point where it's profitable. And I also think with that sort of situation as well, you've got to think about long-term brand reputation. Do you want to put a mediocre product in someone's hands? Well, they're always going to think of your brand as mediocre then and look to go elsewhere. Maybe might be better in this case, and it was to pay more to acquire a customer, but have them leave with a really positive interaction um because of the compounding effects that we've uh that we've talked about. So, like this is quite a harsh harsh lesson, I know, when it comes to meta ad performance. These things absolutely tie in. And I said this video is going to be a little bit different and everyone always wants the latest ad trick ad hack, but like this stuff can be far more impactful than the latest AI feature um on the ad platform. If you want more harsh lessons that are most likely going to be really helpful for you getting better results, check out this video here. I go through a bunch of stuff that I've learned over many many years of doing this and can be the things if you do them right separate you from the pack and mean that you in 3 5 years time are miles ahead of where you would expect to be. So go ahead and check it

  Top Comments:
  1. @dannyquiroz5777 [16 likes]: The answer is at —-> 16:41 you’re welcome
  2. @marketingfastlanes [4 likes]: I really like these "case/problem specific" videos, Ben!
  3. @JennyHansenLane [3 likes]: A good strategy is to ask buyers to leave their favorite thing about that product in the ad comments.
  4. @BenHeath [2 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  5. @NickLazur-v2c [2 likes]: ben will meta grant me a media-buying-professional certificate at 16 even if i have the knowledge to pass the exam ?
  6. @saykuus [2 likes]: Thx Ben. Honestly having a successful ad campaign really be comes down to a great offer, great product or service, and amazing customer service. All the latest features just amplifies the basics. We definitely like more videos like this.
  7. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849 [1 likes]: I want to find out which of my products generate the most interest. Should I put all product creatives (images and videos) into one campaign and ad set to let Meta optimize? Or should I create separate campaigns by product category, each with multiple creatives (e.g., 1 for mirrors, 1 for buffets)? Which approach do you think works best?
  8. @mccallumlucinda: Wow, this video really helped me figure out handling multiple social media pages, a friend said dic loak might make it easier, anyone tried?
  9. @AIHiTech-1: This is gold 🔥 trying to keep up with several socials at the same time, friends say dic loak helps with multi-account stuff, real deal?
  10. @marketingwitharmando2281: wow this was great ben thank you so much yees reviews are so important. yelp and google and even facebook reviews all add up. great video. thank you. peace from San Jose California! 😎:hand-purple-blue-peace:🌴☀🌊
  11. @serenechang1299: Thanks for pointing this out, definitely saved me from a big mistake. I’ve been running fb ads too, and my buddy told me about ddicloak  for safer multi-account work.will this tool makes sense for ad campaigns?
  12. @benthomas3061: TL;DR make a better product/service :)
  13. @anitawiethuechter2901: Video link is missing Ben ..
  14. @DonJuravin: Title doesn't match the content
  15. @Whiz_The_Mindbender: Hi Ben, so I remember watching your video (or webinar actually) back in the day when you mentioned how running a conversion (sales/leads) campaign straight up is much more profitable than running an awareness or engagement campaign before actually running the sales or conversions campaign. 

But I feel like what have been said in today's video about how the Brand Power as you called it, has a great impact and could be a cheat code when running a Meta Sales ad campaigns. My question is, why would someone run a sales/leads campaign if their brand is actually still very new and not heard of yet. Instead, we should actually build some affinity and connection with our potential customers (maybe cultivate somes positive reviews as well) before launching any Leads/Sales campaigns as the advantage of having a well-known brand is substantial here to the Sales Ad Campaign's success, dont you think?
  16. @compententmeat1238: hey ben is it still easy to get back a disabled or banned page from a page you had access but not ownership of

- The Biggest Mistakes Facebook Advertisers Make in 2026 (with Barry Hott): Kind: captions Language: en Today, we have a very special video, a frequent guest is returning, actually the most frequent guest on the channel's history. You hold the record. >> Oh, good. We have Barry Hot. >> Do I get a special jacket like on Saturday Night Live? I get a Is this my fifth time? >> Welcome on it. >> Okay, thanks. This might be the fifth time, by the way. >> be. Um yeah, so Barry Hot um >> Is this for your channel? I thought this was for my channel. Is it? No, I'm just kidding. That's what I was going to say. I need to not work for next week. >> Yeah. Um Barry is is rejoining us, uh my friend, business partner, mentor, and uh just uh you know, one of the smartest minds in advertising. And today, we are going to be talking about the biggest mistakes that advertisers are making in 2026. And maybe some other stuff, but yeah. Yeah. Probably that. Um so yeah, Barry, good to have you back on the channel, dude. Great to be Great to be here. Great to be back. Great to be with you. You just landed from a long flight. I'm shocked you're awake. I feel like you're more awake than me. >> I came for the uh the New York bagels and to see you. You're very sweet. Yeah. It's good to see you. Um cool, dude. Let's go straight into uh some of the biggest mistakes that you're seeing people make. Yeah. Um well, first uh you know, I've been saying this for a long time and I'm going to say it now, and I think you guys are all going to listen to me more and take this more seriously than I've ever said it before, but uh you got to obsess over the first frame of the video. Like if you're making a video ad like uh you need to really be thinking about what's going on in the very first visual that someone sees and that relevance, like whatever whoever that is relevant to is what makes the ad work or not work. So, if if most ads I see fail, fail right there. Like it's so often that I'm like going through ads that are not spending, right? That's how I'm judging how ads are failing is they're not able to get spend, which we'll talk about that later. But like, it's almost always immediately I can see it. I put myself in the shoes of the consumer consuming this and I'm like, "Oh my god, I'm either it's not relevant to me or I'm bored out of my mind or it doesn't make sense or it's unclear in the first frame, in the first second. And I I'm gone. You've lost my attention, which is like if this was like 4 years ago and you know, that would happen the worst that would happen, you know, like you just scroll away. People just scroll away and it's it's no big deal. It's just, you know, it's not thumb stopping, right? But now it's like an exponential factor on that because it's not just that people aren't aren't are scrolling away, it's that like Meta is both you know, I think in its its ability to kind of study videos with its own like, you know, machine, but also how people engage with the videos. Um, if if people aren't just not even paying attention to it, like it's not going to serve it to anyone else. Like it knows very rapidly, like, "Whoa, this video means nothing, means absolutely nothing to anyone." So, it's literally not going to waste any more time or energy or money spending on it. So, like that's that's one of the things where I'm like you have to you have to just get that bar get over that bar before you can get to anything else. And then the rest of it, there's plenty of other stuff we can study and and talk about and think about about an ad. But so many ads just die in the first frame. And it doesn't they don't have to die that death. How do you do that? How how do you make something visually relevant to someone instantly? Um, you it's I mean, it's a lot of empathy. Um, you have to be thinking about like what are they consuming? What does that look like um on a macro level? Like what are the styles of things? What do you know, like what kind of camera should be shot on? What's the lighting? What's the the setting? The setting is like the most important thing. Um, I don't think we talk about this enough. I've heard some other people talk about this recently and I'm kind of excited about it. But like where your whatever it is is shot, like what's in the background matters so much on social. And like that just like directly just beams the understanding of relevance into the consumer's eyes. And I was I was talking with a with a client team yesterday where we were like trying to review an ad that or yeah, it was an ad and we're trying to understand like what about this is working for for you and what about this is not working for you. And I was asking different people and a lot of people were like, yeah, like the setting is good. Like it was like symmetrical background. Like it had shelves and on the shelves were like symmetrical pl- set me- like nicely placed like perfume bottles and like things like that. Like nicely placed on the shelves. Like pretty far back behind her, but you could still see it. And then one person chimed in was like, I don't know, it just doesn't feel relevant to me and I can't explain why. And I was like, boom. Like that matters. So not you don't have to assign some sort of specific like known element to that. If you don't know what it is, you just feel it doesn't feel relevant to you, that's the feeling. And it's so rare now that when we scroll Instagram or Facebook, we see anything that's not relevant to us. It's so rare. Um that like we're you're probably not even used to having to deal with that. Meta knows us so well and knows the content so well that you you're really only getting what's what's going to be relevant to you. So when this person was saying how they felt like that background wasn't relevant to them was a great example why some people are like, "Yeah, that makes sense to me. Like I would expect to see that." And she was like, "No, I I don't that I don't that doesn't relate to me. I would I would more rather see or more expect to see something that looks more like a loft apartment or like you know, like more vintage whatever shelves." And I was like, "Boom." Like we have we have the just a a casual difference there in relevance. you know, it's just so different for all different types of people. Like think about any way you could think about how you differ from your closest friends. Like or the people that you work with. Like what about like think about the the genres of music or subgenres of music that you're into. That's what is basically the equivalent here, but in terms of just setting. It's like would I ever have like a bright pink colored wall in my home? No. Probably not. Would that be relevant to me if I saw it on you know, on someone else's? Maybe maybe it would be relevant to me somehow because it'd be interesting. But maybe it wouldn't be relevant to me because I'm like, "That's not I don't know. This person seems like a lunatic. I'm not interested." There's so much more nuance to that than just like, "Oh, do I like this? Is that what I would do what I would do?" It's so much more about that. Like so much of it is also subconscious. You'll just really never know. And the algorithm will know. So you know, we really we really went in deep here, but like just trying to think through where you're shooting it at and who does that matter to. So like are you shooting it in an office? Are you shooting it in a doctor's office? Are you shooting it in a school? Are you shooting it in a like airport lounge? Are you shooting it in in an airplane? Are you shooting in economy, premium economy, business class? All three of those matter differently to different people in different ways. Just because it's a shot in business class doesn't mean it's only relevant to people who fly in business class. That might be aspirational for people who fly in economy. It might be more relevant to people who fly in business class. There's all sorts of ways to define relevance and it's all in this weird spectrum and our puny little brains can't compute it well or understand it well, but Meta's machine learning system certainly handles it better than we could. So, trying to make sense of it is like hard. The simple way to think about it is how do you make stuff that's relevant to the right people? So, it doesn't mean like if you're selling a supplement, you don't need to be in a like pile of pills, you know, or pile of powder like that is is the supplement. It's just like who are the consumers of the supplement, what do they want and expect to see, and how can we also like do that as broadly I I still think it's helpful to do it in the way that's as broadly relevant as possible. But there's also a world in which you're better off having 10 different videos with 10 different settings to be relevant to 10 different types of people. And I'm talking about setting. That's just setting. That's not talking about like relevance of like who is in the ad, what they look like, what they sound like, where they're from. There's so many variables about that that trigger relevance or irrelevance. And again, that whatever's in that first second uh really matters. One One related thing I'll say and I've said before and I love talking about is like I've always had this thought of like if you're going to show someone's face in the first second of a video, uh particularly of an ad, prominently, if they're just if it's just a face, if it's not someone you know or care about, then why why would anyone want to pay attention to that? So, like I used to say like I'll try and like cover the face like obfuscate in the first second with either like a gesture, a motion, with a text overlay, with captions, with something. I think that's changed now a little bit because I think um audiences are more warm to the fact that they're going to get strangers in their feed. But that used to be the case because people didn't want to see strangers in their feed. Like you go back a couple years ago, the only things you wanted to see in your Instagram feed or Facebook feed was your friends. And then, you know, it was friends and like celebrities. And then it was like friends, celebrities, and like other interesting like things that you might, you know, personalities you might know, influencers, whatever. And now it's just anything. Uh I think people are willing to see anything. So, I think my point about the the face thing has kind of gone away a little bit. but it's still if you if you're if your face isn't relevant to your audience, then maybe maybe I would say cover it up if that makes any sense. Yeah, I think that that's something that people sometimes misunderstand about ugly ads is that especially when you say to luxury brands like ugly ads are like, "Oh, I don't want to I don't want to do that." But so you know, you don't just have to shoot an ugly ad. It's it's not about the worst lighting or, you know, trying to make something as literally as ugly as possible. You can make an ugly ad for a luxury brand purely by what's in the background cuz you can, you know, I said the business class for the I mean, yeah, like you said, that someone who flies economy more often might find that aspirational, but even that shot in a really uh ugly manner on a on a iPhone 6, that will still going to appeal In business In business class in here? Yeah, yeah. That will still going to appeal to people who travel business class or aspire to travel business class just purely because of the frame and the setting that it's in. And because it's it's something you can't just it's hard to fake. Yeah. Um that's why I you know that's like the example I always like to use about like what what do I tell a you know luxury brand who like is like oh our brand is too precious for ugly ads, which fortunately now is less of a problem cuz it's become people are know like ugly ads is a thing. Uh I still don't think they really understand it, but like what I what I would say is like all right, what's what's what's more luxurious? A a you know a photo shoot done in a studio with nice lighting and nice cameras, or someone in a private jet holding you know shooting something with their phone. Like which of those things is actually more difficult and actually more you know premium? And so like that's that's where I'm kind of like you know in 2026 and beyond and even going back you know several years like that's that's where I'm like it doesn't really matter what you're shooting it on, what really matters is all the other stuff. The content itself, the story, uh who's telling it, how they're telling it, and where they're telling it. Those are the things that I think matter way more than ever than the actual camera setting you know camera that you're using. but there are ways to use cameras intelligently and phones intelligently and lighting intelligently to get those effects, but I think that it's it's a much lower bar and a very different bar than it would have used to be, especially for luxury. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Um I guess on a more tactical level what I've been trying to drill into the team is you know on this point we have to be in our briefs especially in the hook super specific about the visual direction. Because you know there are a lot of creators out there like if you don't give them specific direction, they they will they won't get the shot that you're looking them to get. But even like you were saying like there's a huge difference between you, you know, uh starting the video then setting up the phone on the on the counter versus like putting it on a tripod versus, you know, having it uh like a a fish eye lens in the corner of the room. But, if you don't be super specific, you know, give uh inspiration uh or just be very specific, especially that first frame cuz it matters so much, you'll often find that creators won't get the shot. Oh man, that's such a weird There's such a weird dichotomy there of cuz you're right, like we need to be the specificity is so important, but at the same time, there's like this other side where it's like, let the creator cook. Like, where do we draw the line? So, the yeah, I know, like this is a weird thing um where I was I was recently working with like a a creator who has, you know, a big following and I was like, what at where is the line here of like what I should be giving them, what guidance I should be giving them versus like, I need to get out of this. I need to give them the freedom and the control to make their decisions and how do I like get maybe get both? That's kind of what I want is I want a little bit of A and a little bit of B. I want them to do it my way, what I'm seeing, what my vision is, and I want to do it their way. But, at least for me, like I, you know, I've seen, you know, billions of dollars worth of ads. Like, so my perspective on it, I think is is pretty sharp. But, the thing where I think it fails is not not in with us at AdCrate, I think there's a lot of people maybe watching this, people in brands, people at maybe different agencies where they think their perspective is is right. They think, like you just said, all right, well, Alex said we got to give them a lot of direction. So, then they're going to go give them a lot of direction, but it's not really getting it. Cuz if you don't really understand the modern aesthetic, if you don't really understand what the audience wants and expects to see, then you're going to be either giving out of date direction or information, or you're just otherwise going to potentially miss. So, there's this weird thing of like who has the expertise? Well, yeah. Well, yeah, but then the the creator could also miss. The creator you can give the best direction in the world and the creator can also miss. But you know what I'm saying? If you give the the the ability to the the creator to make the choice, the creator can also miss on that. >> Oh, 100%. >> So, it's like, you know, you got to kind of weigh out like how much expertise have you got? How good is the creator? And then it's just That's a crazy line. Like 100%. Yeah, both. Like you can give a creator a perfect a perfect, you know, beat by beat and you know, direction and they'll still [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up. And the and the opposite can happen is like you can give them total freedom and they'll just completely miss any component, especially the hook. Like especially with things they don't That's This is my biggest problem with with working with creators and I think it's gotten better. But um if it's a creator who doesn't understand the problem and hasn't had the problem doesn't understand the solution, then it's just not going to it's not going to go well, unless they can quickly really understand and feel that problem themselves, it's not going to work well. That's That's my take. >> Yeah, I mean there's everyone's talking about like yappers or ramblers or whatever you want to want to call them. We need to talk about that. >> Yeah, I mean the the OG yapper is just just Me, you, me? Well, you yeah, you are the OG yapper, but but just someone who actually uses your product or actually has that pain point cuz they can yap authentically. They're Insert Insert here my 3-minute video of me talking about fried chicken chips. Just insert that here and then just let people watch that for 3 minutes and then come back. Um but like the I I it's crazy to me that the whole yapper thing is a thing now. I'm like, "Dude, I did that." And that was one take. That was one take unedited 3 minutes of just an ad. And like, yeah, that's a yapper ad. I wish I called them yapper ads back then. I don't know if anyone would ever But like it's crazy to me that like this is like, "Oh, yapper ads." I'm like, "Bro, I've been doing this for a while." Like I don't know. It aged well. What whatever you call them, just the idea of having people who actually can like relate to the pain point or the desired transformation, they will often times speak more authentically than any creator, any actor that you can pay that isn't feeling those same emotions. Yeah, I mean I don't I could not have done that if I didn't love that product, right? If I didn't truly enjoy it. Like when I talk about like, you know, if you you know, if I'm talking about perfect jean, right? Which I'm wearing right now. Like I love the perfect jean. Like I genuinely wear them every day and it's I it I passionately have like you know, like the problem that it had it's the the that problem solved that sorry, the problem that that product solves I had and this solves it and I'm comfortable. So like I can passionately talk about that. It's just like like bidet's, like I can passionately talk about that. Like I love that. But like um it's there's a lot of creators who can't. There are some great actors who can do it if you team them up with the right script. So there's this there's these weird lines of like what is a creator versus what is an actor versus like what is like that you know, that someone who's kind of doing both and towing the line. And so yeah, it's a weird nuanced world. Um there is no great right answer. Like for people watching this I feel bad cuz they're going to be like, "Oh right, you know, Alex said like do this and Barry said do this." And I'm like, "Yes." But it's never going to be perfect. Like you're there's there's always going to be going to be exceptions to these things. There's going to be creators who are going to work with who are going to suck and they're going to ruin your perception of creators. There're going to be actors you're going to work with who are going to suck. Same thing. There're going to be actors you're going to work with who are going to be so good and nail it. They are going to ruin every other actor for you. Um we worked with someone like that in LA um who was incredible. Um and like I feel like actually I don't even know if any of her stuff really worked well. and I've never checked on the performance of it. But like she was such a talented actress Mhm. actor, I don't know. Uh that like everything I saw her do I was just like, "Oh my god, like it's believe like I believed it. It felt real. It felt true to it. And yeah, so that that was like it kind of made me critical of my own abilities, but also like other people I've worked with before I'm like, "Oh, this is there's a whole there's a gulf in class here." I don't If you remember we did a a podcast with Archit from Reach and we did hot takes. And one of Archit's takes is a good video. Go and check it out if you haven't already. Yeah, click on it here. We're here. We're there. I don't know. I'm actually not going to edit on just cuz you did that. I'm not going to edit on at all. Make them search, even better. Uh Archit had a take that I think has aged really well. It was that model selection is the most underrated part of the creation of an ad. Mhm. As aged really well I think cuz you know, as we're starting to do more of these, you know, less fully scripted for like full direction given some of these top creators more freedom. >> Mhm. Yeah, you know, like you said you can't have the best brief in the world, the best idea in the world if the person behind that camera cannot execute on it. >> In front of the camera. In front of the camera. If the person First of all, the person behind the camera can't execute it. Well, that's, you know, probably if you're doing it, you know, a complicated shot, uh if the person behind the camera >> No. No. Leave it in. Leave it in. Staying in. Yeah. If the person in front >> person inside the camera It's a really small person. There's a inside of every camera Inside of every camera is a really small person. You don't know this. You don't know this. But inside of each of these cameras is a very small person. >> They're doing a great job right now. >> They're doing a very good job right now. We really appreciate you. Thank you. But also the person in front of the camera, if they if they don't execute on it, then it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter how good the idea is. And and I think it's interesting how uh you know, we all go and spend 100 grand, 150 grand, 200 grand on creative strategist. Uh you know, our strategy department, the performance department. I typically see in brands and you know, we've been guilty of ourselves. We're trying to address it um or have it done over the last 6 months of the the creative department or whoever's on like creative sourcing doesn't get anywhere near as as much budget as some of those other departments. We just think that's interesting. If we do believe that it's becoming more and more important to to to be able to recruit and keep the the top creators. Not a lot of budget goes there. Yeah. Yeah, it's like you you it's like you have to kind of almost be your own talent agency or creative talent agency internally. Um yeah, it's a it's a really weird time and world. And what what are my favorite things I actually like seeing brands do, by the way, is uh hire their own internal creators. Um the thing I don't like is when they do that and then don't let that creator do what they're good at. it's also weird thinking about that. I'm going to just sidetrack for a second. It's weird thinking about that like why a creator of certain scales would want to get in-house jobs or maybe they just do like you know, in-depth partnerships. I guess there's lots of ways that you can structure those deals. Like it's like you know, MK B MKDHD MKBHD Marques Brownlee Yep. Uh love, you know, him. He's you know, he's like the chief of chief brand of chief something officer, chief creative officer, I think of Ridge, right? Like I'm sure he's not like, you know, in their he's not in their office every day, but like he's doing a lot of work. I actually don't really even know what his position is. But whatever it is, he's doing stuff for them, making stuff with them. That's a good way to like get a creator who has a relevant audience, who it's not always about audience, about making the content, but who makes relevant content, really, uh for your for your product's audience. And I I always think about that partnership. That's a really smart one, where he both has a built-in audience and makes great content. Um but the value of an existing audience, I think, is changed now than it when it used to be, side note. Uh cuz I remember when people used to like look for like influencers with like, you know, hundreds of thousands of followers, and then they'd you know, want to get in there their content, but now it's not about that. It's about like who's the, you know, influencer with, you know, whatever it is, small, you know, followers, but like can make content that scales way beyond their followers. So, yeah, that's that's a just a it's a just a totally different game now. And then the the creators who can can make content that gets a lot of views is not always the same as the creators who can like actually sell something. So, there it's like all these different variables. None of it There's no exact science to it. I don't know. I don't know where to go. I don't know what to do. Help me. I don't know how to help you. So, where do we go from here? >> Yeah, you hire Head Crete and they do it for you. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. We always do this on our videos. We always like like we'll say there's like there's a gender of five or 10 things we want to go through and the first one we're going for like 30 minutes. Yeah. That's me in general. Cuz when you were cuz when I almost fell asleep when you were like, "All right, what what are what are the topics we should talk about?" I was like, "Yeah, you you we came up with a bunch." And it was like, "We're just going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just roll. Just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] roll." Like just The mistake I made was only Yeah. Um but regardless, I'll go into my first big mistake then. I think this is this is a you know, massive overgeneralization, but I think it goes into a very interesting discussion. I think there is an overreliance on AI and AI creative from a lot of brands. I think AI makes people extraordinary extraordinary mediocre. Um it in many cases just amplifies the skill of the person who is using it and there's a misconception that you know you can go and build these claw code workflows open claw. All the stuff that we're seeing things in manners that we can get on to in a second as well. And you know we we put this video out a couple weeks ago about then like Nana banana um you know 40 statics that you can make and and like great we are building workflows at like that ad creative where like you know client on boards and we can with claw code deliver them you know 200 statics within an hour. It's like great. We can we can do some test on that. But I think there's there's just a lot more nuance to it than that. Like if you are as you were saying before we started recording if you're starting out and you want to get you know some points on the board fantastic. >> I mean there's nothing better. There's no better time to be doing that than now. It's incredibly easy to just like start a new brand. You just have you don't have to pay for the photo shoots. You don't have to pay for the like copywriter. You don't have to pay for the like the creative strategist. It's just like 200 ads pretty much or four even 40 even five right? You just have a way better starting ground than any generation of marketer before you. So yeah it's nuts. Yeah. If you're starting out and then then there's like on the flip side there's bigger businesses where it's like you know you could spend a week of your time trying to build like the perfect claw code automation or you can try and find under served personas in your ad account and you know I mean we've seen so many times ad creative spoke about this on on the podcast with Harry last week where we would make you know ads that aren't visually that impressive but because of the nature of the fact that we are serving a new persona or coming at it from a new angle and that new angle resonates and it hasn't been tested inside of that account before, that goes on to do way better than any, you know, copying swipe file or just continue to do the stuff that was working. Um so I think you just need a lot of context with this stuff because I think now strategies are becoming almost reliant on AI and they're falling back and and we're not seeing as much uh creativity. I'm just trying to just Yeah. There's a weird line. There's a weird weird line there where well, you know, I think I want to argue you're part of the problem. You when you >> Maybe. Well, you know, it's not you, right? It's everyone like, you know, everyone on Twitter and LinkedIn is posting these like, here's oh, I you know, like here's uh things so you can go automate this and like, whatever and people just go take that and they just eat it and they just use it as is and they don't really think about it. I think that's that lack of thought or the, you know, there's there's like a laziness there. I don't know what it is or it's an old I think it's almost more of an old human overwhelm. It's like really hard for me to like like as I went and used those and I was like, some of these are good and some of these are just not relevant. Like I don't need these all 40 of these. I probably should have whittled these down before I like got involved in this. And I think it's just overwhelming. I don't have the time. I don't have the time. No one has the time to do any of these things. So I see and anytime I see this, I see it like thousands of people or hundreds of people comment like, you know, whatever the comment word is to get that free thing and like, great. That's awesome. But also I'm like, how many of these people actually go and use that thing? How many people actually get value from it? Is it five? Is it 50? Is it 500? I doubt it. So, I guess if anything, what it creates in me is like this shame or like fear. Uh I feel like I'm talking to my therapist. I feel like like there's like this shame or like fear that I'm like not doing enough. Mhm. Um or I'm not doing fast enough or I'm not doing, you know, I think there are some people who are doing that AI stuff and it at scale and it's great, but I also like, what do we need 500 images for or whatever 100 images for? Like that's not what the audience going back to like it's not what the audience wants to be consuming. I don't know how many static images a person seeing in a given day. Certainly an amount certainly quantity I definitely get some, but like the ratio of amount of of like ads I see being able to be made with uh AI now versus the quantity that people can consume in a day is just like very disproportionate. So like that's where I'm like I'm like what is the yeah where what are we missing here? Um or like what you know, I guess it's yeah, the thing that is exciting to marketers is not always the thing that matters and sells to actual consumers. I think is like the broad scale point I would say there. There's so many images it's just like so many images I get overwhelmed with it. There's like shame, there's fear, there's like dread of like what you know, what it what is the point of my job sometimes anymore in some ways or like some of our jobs or how much of this is going to be replaced. It's just kind of scary kind of scary time. Um I'm not too worried about myself, but I do worry about a lot of other people uh in the industry. I don't know if that's the route we want to take this uh video. Sorry uh to scare everyone. No, I'm I'm curious. I'm I'm curious why you think this goes um and like what the future Yeah. AI and creative looks like. Yeah, well I'm I'm interested to see how much human people adopt this stuff and don't. And I'm also interested to see how what the gap actually becomes between the people using this stuff the haves and have nots of this. Mhm. Um you know, like I've started tinkering more with Claude uh and Manis and um the you know, I find the more I do it, the better I get. Um and you know, that's a you know, nice virtuous cycle there. And then it you know, makes me happy that I'm doing this because I know lots of people that aren't playing with this stuff yet. Um like I'm working on rebuilding my own website right now without a designer, without a developer. To be fair, I that's how I built my existing website and it kind of it was fine. But like this one will be much nicer and I don't have to pay those people to do that. Maybe I still should. Right? I know, I I I I just redid the Adequate website. It's not gone live yet, but I can send it to you. It's insane. We paid a graphic a website designer 2 years ago like 8 grand and he's just gone spun up an even. Yeah. And it looks equally as good if not better. Oh yeah, the one I made excuse me, Claude made. Let me give credit where credit is due. Is one bajillion times better than the thing I made from a template. You know, that I pieced together and don't know design [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about. Um Yeah, it's a it's a weird time like but then again I'm like that's me. I'm a person with ADHD. I like doing things myself. I like getting in there. It's actually probably not good. Like probably actually I should go be focusing on literally anything else than doing that myself. I would argue if I was really smart, I would actually be still going to an expert. But hope you know, like having them use those tools to go do that for me. So I don't have to think about it. But this is where it gets where it gets interesting because like I have a particular style that I want and I expect to see both in terms of like when I'm making ads. Like I have these like things in here. Or when I'm making like you know, my YouTube videos or making you know, my website. Like I have these style and aesthetic things that I like really don't like this the speed or the how long it takes for me to like give a piece of feedback see it get iterated and then get it back to me, and then I'm like, "Oh, no, I didn't mean that. It was this." And then like then it goes back into again. Versus with Claude, it's like, boom. Fixed. You know, or AI in general. Um So, it's a it's a weird time thinking about like the areas in which that's being replaced. Like the amount of image ads I can create now with Claude or uh or excuse me, yeah, well, with Claude with what I really mean is not a banana. Right? Um which by the time this comes out, who knows what new, you know, other video uh sorry, what other image generator will be using. It's nuts to me what I can make and how useful it is, and how I don't need a graphic designer. Yeah, I I think it's your point on you know, what like what is going to happen to strategies. So, like what what you're still being paid for uh effectively. And I would argue that you would never like the true you would never actually be paid to make the ads in the first place. It was it was the judgment and taste on knowing what ads to make. And I think that yes, making the ads itself is like the production side was obviously, you know, important, too. But we were seeing that become commoditized. But like I still think the most important thing and like the thing that you can't do with a Claude or a Manassas or any of these other tools is the thinking part. Like knowing Okay, you said earlier of these 40 statics maybe only 12 of them are relevant to you. How do you know How does an LLM know which 12? Mhm. Unless it's trained on uh your brain. It's trained on pattern recognition, which is which is all that like us advertisers are are we trying to do? We're trying to, you know, look up that, you know, internal Rolodex of every piece of content you've ever seen, every ad that you've ever seen, every ad account you've ever seen, and pull out references from different industries, from different experts in the space. Yeah. And say, "This is the idea I want to have. Uh go and execute on it." >> Mhm. Taylor Holiday made a good piece of content last week on on context engineering, and he said that he was on um like I think an advisory board on on a Manas call, and they like he asked the question, "Are you ever going to go into the thinking layer?" And like helping people understand like what best practices are and how to think about what the next move is. >> Mhm. And he said at least for the short time uh they don't have an interest in that. Like them and I think other you know, all these other tools, they're they're more than happy just waiting for you to tell them what to do and then being really good at going and do it doing it. Mhm. So, you say, "I want to make this ad." Manas, Claude, and all these they'll be very good at So, if you bring them the idea they go and make it, but I think that the value-add strategy for advertisers and and for people here and it's actually arguably more important than ever in in a feed of AI slop is knowing what to create and then giving those ideas to the LLMs. Yeah, for now. Right? I agree. I agree. I will be I'll be interested to see where that where that goes and what that you know, what I I think you know, I I really do think there's a world in which it's just going to you know, and make everyone do more and have to do more. Like cuz like here's the thing. If you have AI, you know, it's kind of an it's just an arms race, right? If you're using AI and you're making 100 dozens or hundreds of ads. Now, that you're a human and you're doing that. Now, that makes me also a human need to do that more. So, like you know, if we're two different brands competing basically, like if you're doing that, then I'll [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm going to be like, "Shit, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now I got to do that." So, that doesn't decrease the human need, it just increases the output need. So, that's where there's like potential where it does not actually you know, scale down. If anything like there's there I you know I saw a study that's showing that there's more new businesses created than ever. So like maybe people are having more ownership over their own work. They're able to do more of their own little things. They're be able to be more niche and more specialized. And maybe those are all good things, especially as it relates to content because relevance, as we were saying before, is everything. So like Here's an important thing about relevance. To touch to tie what we're talking about now, maybe, back to what I was talking about before. If you think about like 20 years ago, 30 years ago, 40 years ago, 50 years ago, each of those the further back you go until TVs didn't exist. So think back to the dawn of television and then anywhere shortly thereafter. Like your the audience for your ads was massive, right? Like you were targeting you were sorry, you were talking to the entire country, if not the entire world, when you're advertising. Now and and like there would be moments, right, that were just like universal moments back then. Like whatever TV show was on, like that's what people were watching. And then that that's just diminished and diminished and diminished over time and now we're all in our own little pockets watching our own little things. There's very few massive channels. Like yeah, Mr. Beast is huge, right? But like there's not it's not like it's not as long form, usually. It's not as like generally watched by the total public. Like my my parents I don't think my parents know who Mr. Beast is. I should call them and ask them actually. Um I they certainly don't care. Um so you know, it's like now just people are getting into their weirder and weirder niches and I think that does create a world in which they're more and more human there's more and more human need for more and more of that content. So it'll it'll be an interesting race there. I don't know. I don't know if that relates. What do you think that means for the future of ugly ads? Well, I think I think ads are just going to keep getting uglier in a lot of ways. Um but they're also they also Yeah, ugly is such a weird weird way to think about it cuz like the it's become easier and cheaper than ever to produce higher quality things. Mhm. >> So, it's it's easier than ever for someone to buy a camera and a lens uh or use AI to simulate it or, you know, buy buy lights, you know, like it used to be prohibitively expensive. Now, you can go on Amazon and buy like pretty nice lighting, not just a shitty ring light, but like nice lighting and use that to light a scene and it's easy to like find out how to do that. Easy to use AI, use YouTube. There's so many things you can learn. So, it's kind of easier than ever for creators to be making stuff that is not is is less ugly. Um but there's still this weird need of and there's always going to be this the cat and mouse game between what advertisers make and what creators and or regular non-creator users do and make to make stuff that signals that they're not like that they're not advertisers, that they're not marketers. And there's always going to be this weird cat and mouse thing. That's why you see so many uh I forget if we talked about this in our last one of our last ones where like so many creators hold microphones, right? Like, you know, there's a big difference between this versus like having it here versus like not not having a microphone in, you know, set up at all. Like using using one of these mics up here. Like very different aesthetic if we're just sitting here no mics or we're holding little tiny mics attached to some little thing. Like um you know, lavalier mics that are supposed to be worn on your shirt that you hold in your hand. That's so, you know, like that's a thing that like you know, no self-respecting big brand would ever do that. Except now they would do that because they know that that's the style and aesthetic that the audience wants to see. So now it's like how do you know, like how do now creators are trying to like avoid that. So they're trying to like find out. So I do think there's the things to think about about ugly is it's not about how do we make the thing it's always about how how do we not just make it aesthetically pleasing. It's how do we make it relevant? How do we dumb it down? How do we simplify it? How do we uglify it? To make it the way not that marketers want to shoot it, not that creatives want to shoot it, but the way that the actual audience expects it to look. That's what it means to make something ugly, especially in 2026 and beyond. Well, in the last 12 months at Great, we've we've been doing like a lot more in-person shoots for this reason and and trying to trying to create ads that it would be hard to replicate with AI. Right. Like having like multiple people in in a shot like trying something. >> Where they're not all doing it at the same time in the same way that like >> Yeah. Or just doing more like, you know, me gifting you this water bottle and getting your actual reaction. Like you we couldn't do that with AI or yeah. >> Right. Probably could, but it wouldn't come out as well. We should try Oh, we should try. Yeah. Just to get us take a screenshot of just this moment right here. Yeah. >> Alex Alex takes the water bottle and Put it to cling. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, we can do that. Um Yeah, and >> just inject like like parts of this just make parts of this interview just fully AI animated and see if anyone notices. Just like recreate >> Well, that's what you guys actually don't know. You've We're not even in New York right now. 10 minutes. Yeah, you're not even in New York right now. We're actually out to dinner right now. That's good. Yeah, but like just the idea um of trying to create I think this is what you said. AI slop, we've made a ton of those like AI animation ads recently that that are doing well, but like at the same time I'm very bullish on trying to make ads that AI can't recreate uh until AI gets the point where it can. >> Yeah, that's the race. That's the fun cat and mouse race that we're like in and about to be in. Um yeah, I'm very I'm very excited about that cuz I'm on both sides of that. I love making thinking about like how do we shoot this in a way that AI couldn't or wouldn't or like it would be very hard to replicate or impossible. And I also I'm like on the other side of it, I'm trying to make stuff with AI to look real. So, I'm I'm like I'm like kind of fighting against myself on both I'm trying to fight both fronts of that cuz I want to I want to be on that that cutting edge of both of those. I want to be able to make what's best for both of those. Not because just for me, but because I I think that's where I need to be for my audience and I need to be able to make a bunch of stuff with AI that makes sense and resonates and relates and makes stuff with real believable humans that does the same and try and find the spots that both of those make sense. Do you think it will get to the point where it's completely indistinguishable for any type of ad? Cuz you know, right now it can you know, I can hold my I can I can sit here and talk about this phone and in from a lot of the models you you can't tell. But like you know, let's say there's ev- everyone here is is trying you know, the a piece of popcorn and we're all given our genuine reactions. Do you think it will get to the point where you literally cannot tell the difference? Leg- legislation aside. A- and then if that is the case will we get to point where there are uh no humans involved in the production part of the process? It'll be I mean, I do think we'll there will be a point where we will be able It'll be possible for it all to be made in that in that way. I will wonder if it'll be cheaper or easier than actually having the humans having the humans do it. Um But yeah, I'll be very I'm very eager to see where the intersection of like AI create cuz right now we're at that stage where like AI can make really good images. as of today like you you know, if you were this was 6 months ago, a year ago, like going further and further back, we would have said, "No." Today Now I'm going to now I can do pretty much anything I would need it to do in an image, right? In terms of both like making a shooting a photo of something or making the actual graphic design of something. It's pretty much toast. It's not there yet with video, but that's coming. The question then is and this is what I actually think about. So, we're at at the stage about images. We're going to be at that stage about video soon. Where are we going to be about like 3D composing videos? So, literally imagine this entire place we're in right now was just mapped in 3D in like the Unreal Engine or whatever, you know, whatever it is where video games are made and can just be plotted and mapped and directed via a prompt. Mhm. Of a non-specific prompt, like one shot, or a very hyper-specific prompt calling out exactly where everything goes and everything moves. Will Will anyone want to do that? I don't know. Like like would it you know like if it'd be very interesting to see could we just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out more podcast stuff like this when you're in South Africa and I'm in New York and like we we have this model of what we look like in this space or we pick a pick a a nicer space. No offense. We pick a get, know, a you know, a a bigger space, a smaller space, you know, whatever it is. Like the my foot was not meant to be a dig on this place. I I love shooting here. We've shot here multiple times. It's very nice. We like it. Um You're an absolute menace in the pool on the camera. So, but like you know what I'm saying, like we can just literally swap this. I mean, like literally we can just swap this background right now. I'm sure like, right? Editors do it. Like if they didn't, then We're now in Cape Town. They're fired. Right? Yeah. On the beach. Um man, that'd be so cool if they the change that. Um you know, I I don't know if if there'll be still tells about that that people will care about, that they'll notice or not. So, it's that, you know, there's an uncanny uncanny valley aspect of this um that we might fall into and but eventually we won't. I'm we're out of the uncanny valley in terms of images. >> Oh, yeah. Way out of it. We're done. Yeah. Uh I And video. A lot of video. I I saw I heard from one of our creatives the other day um who who's like asked me like, "Did you guys ask me for some for for some static images?" I was like, "No, there's no way we would ask ask you to shoot static images." There's nothing that we can't get ourselves now. Turns out that like it was like uh it was a mistake and it was actually a video. Oh. But like, you know, there is there is no reason to get anyone to shoot images. Literally everything everything you want, you can make. >> The only thing, I mean, we're I mean, I think we're one version of nano banana or whatever it is away from like perfection. Like every time I make something of like a bottle, like it gets like like the couple letters wrong. Like it'll turn that A into like a, you know, V like an upside down V for some reason. Like I don't know if you run into that a lot. I still get like Um not on two. Yeah, I'm still getting that on two. Yeah. Like when I have tons of words on there, maybe maybe I need some help. Honestly. I don't know. I I found that pro did that a lot. Yeah, maybe we're version away, but like on two, I've I've almost got zero errors. Yeah, I'm I'm with you almost. Yeah, but the problem is I have to keep still have to QA it and then I have now I'm having QA AI QA it cuz I'm like, this is a waste of my time. So just have me find it and it's faster and better than I am at it anyway. Um so my point was just like, yeah, we're but we're overall out of that uncanny valley. It's we're there or we're about to be there. Um but like, you know, I can for months now I can make a real human-looking person doing pretty much anything. In any setting. Game over. Mhm. But still there's no there's still a use for real humans. We're still here. For now. Yeah, right, for now. What's your next mistake? Uh let's do these other ones fast. Um hit rate. I got I can't stand the every time I hear anytime I hear someone talk about hit rate. Yeah, I hear you. Preach it. Quiet. >> I I know. Um it like drives me insane so much so that I I made my own like actual YouTube video about it. Uh shout out my own YouTube channel. Uh that's probably going to go live today that we're recording this, not the day that So hopefully by the time you're watching this, that video will already be out. Um because I absolutely cannot stand every conversation I hear about hit rate. And also like uh Motion in their like 2026 creative trends or creative something report actually did a really good analysis of why and how hit rate doesn't matter. Hit rate for anyone who doesn't know is uh the percent of ads that you make that are winners. When it's Winners. Yeah, like there is no uniform defined definition of what a winner is. And you ask anyone who cares about hit rate and they all have different definitions of hit rate. It's like, oh, it's spends this much of the account. It spends this much. Whereas, oh, it's been spending for this amount of time. It's all it's all baloney. The whole video I made talks about it, but literally no one who's thinking about hit rate really understands scale, scope, relevance, the cost of things. They They're not fully understanding the big picture. They They're understanding like a sliver of the actual whole picture of what really matters. Right. And like let's say let's say you have to find what a winner is. >> Mhm. Uh is that going to change in in in Q4? >> Right. Is that going to change at a Father's Day? Like throughout the year. So then it's like Okay, now we're comparing you know, if the if you made uh you know, the same ad it might be defined as a as a winner in October and and a loser in in March. >> Yeah. Or it might just pop off, spend a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] load of money, and then die. Right? Like I and I think AdGrate like we want to make ads that last for a long time. Like cuz it's possible. There's, you know, ads you can make that like catch a trend right now, that a micro trend, and it's like cool, it pops off, and it's dies like the trend dies. Or you look at, you know, how do we make something that is evergreen, scalable, permanent, and can work for a long time. Those are two different values, and there's two different ways to define those as winners, and you can't like develop a hit rate methodology on that because it should always be changing anyway. Like your winners die eventually. And your some winners last for longer, some So like I don't know like what that means, but it's the only time I feel like I see it being used is by people who like are trying to sell that their hit rate is really good. But if your hit rate is really good, that means you're not trying enough things. Right. It Yeah. You're not incentivizing the right things. You're You're actually punishing someone who's make like doing a lot of volume. Or Or even if you are doing a lot of volume, maybe you're just doing a lot of the same volume. Great. Another winner. Or my favorite thing is that of who talk about like a winner is like something that takes up X percent of the account and I'm like that doesn't make sense. You can't You're setting a set of rules that means you're going to have a bad hit rate no matter what you do because you can't have 50 ads that get 10% of your ad account spend. You can't do that. Doesn't physically is not possible. That would be 500% right? Um or 500 yeah, whatever it is. It doesn't matter. I'm not doing math right now. Um it would be more ads than there are and but you need many ads. This is not a time where you need one winning ad or five winning ads. You need dozens of ads. Tens Sorry, dozens if not hundreds of ads all working all being relevant to different users in different ways and different times. And that all that diversity that mix that quantity that that breadth breadth-ed breadth-th I love that word. Breadth-th breadth uh of ads is what really matters. Um you can't just have five ads. I think it's just a a metric that like it feels good to know that. Like as a as a as a marketer it's like you you you feel like you're on top of things if you if you know what your hit rate is. I guess. I guess to play devil's advocate, what about the people who will use hit rate to you know benchmark you know different team members against each other or Mhm. you know they will look at you know comparatively over time how someone is doing based on a a fixed hit rate metric. >> Yeah, I think it's a great question. It's a great way to think about it and someone's thinking about like well we need data, right? To compare. What I would say to you back is A, what's a better metric you could look at and I would say just spend. What who's making the ads that have spent more, right? And there's probably some correlation there between like people who have a higher hit rate and people who have ads that have spent more cumulatively, but like that's not a good incentive. So like I don't want my team members trying to make fewer ads. But maybe I do. Maybe there's a world in which I'm saying to one of my team members, "Hey, I need you to work on this ad for a month. It's a It's a mega ad, like a crazy ad. It's 7 minutes long, and every word needs to be absolutely right. Every Every freakin' frame has to be nailed, right? I want you to put a ton of time and dedication to that. And that's going to have 100% hit rate, maybe. Maybe, right? On the other hand, like someone else who's maybe on the other side of that would be like, "I just want to make a ton of ads, because I might have more chances to win." Right? But if we're optimizing for hit rate, it's hard to like neither of those are necessarily what actually matters. You What really matters is getting the most possible spend on the account. So, one ad that might be relevant to one pocket of users is not as impactful as 100 ads that are potentially relevant and impactful to dozens, if not hundreds, of users. So, like there It's not just about getting hits, whatever a hit is. There's other ways to judge ads, and you kind of want lots of like mini hits now, too. That's the other problem I have with hit rate, is you don't just want hits. I want those big those big kahuna spenders, for sure. But like that's not all that works. You need lots of other little ads that are doing lots of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for you, also. And I don't think people that are thinking about hit rate understand any of that nuance. Mhm. Mhm. You touched on a point there that I think goes on to one of your other things that you listed down as a big mistake about just understanding of the the key metrics inside the ad account. I think a lot of people will benchmark off of >> uh you know, ROAS, CPA, right? All these All these other metrics in the ad account. And And I think this is something that you've always been consistent on and has aged very well. Uh well, I may be biased, but in my opinion, um about just spend being the most important metric to to go by as an indicator performance. Yeah. I mean, it's not I I always have to caveat, it's never 100% perfect, but especially when your account has tons of data, and the system's doing, you know, really good job, and you're you can trust you should be able to trust it a good amount more. It gets it wrong sometimes, but overall, like lately, very infrequently do I see it get it wrong. Um spend is is the most valuable indicator when you're actually optimized. When your media buying is solid and you're optimizing for your actual goal, like whatever you're optimizing for in Meta, mirrors what's actually happening or aligns or is a good proxy to what's happening outside of the ad account, the better that those things line up, the better you can trust the system, the better you can trust just the amount of spend is what's the thing because Meta is not trying to get you the lowest cost per purchase per ad. It doesn't care. It's not trying to get you the highest ROAS per ad. It's trying to get you the highest ROAS or lowest CPA for your amount of spend, for your entire ad set, or if you're using CBO for your entire campaign. You can't see that or understand that because of the breakdown effect, which is a video I need to I need to need to make the definitive video on the breakdown effect. >> You do. You need to end the conversation once and for all. >> Yeah, yeah. Dara Denney did a great video on it 4 years ago, and I'm going to go like take that, copy it, and like do it for 2026 with my little spin on it. Someone hold me to that. If I If this isn't If that's not out in a month from now, someone come send me a message. >> Give people who uh you know, are going to watch that video, but want like What's the TLDR? They need to know. >> The TLDR is it's kind of twofold. One is that the There's a very big difference between the ad that someone clicks before they buy and the ad that got them into the funnel in the first place to consider buying. If there is one, right? Sometimes other other factors might get people into the funnel. Um but the ad that just gets someone over the line isn't always the ad that actually got them there. That's part one. Part two of breakdown effect is that the system is spending money. It's It's predicting where to spend money so that it can get you the most of your desired results for your money. And it's not trying to do that at an ad level. It's trying to do that the highest level that it can that it you're giving it budget to. So if you set a budget at the ad set level and you give it 50 ads, it's going to spend on those ads in the way that it thinks it will get you the most conversions overall. So even though you might have an ad with a five row as an ad with with two rows, the ad with the five rows Meta is basically saying, if it has less spend, Meta is basically saying it doesn't predict that spending more on that ad will generate more incremental sales or any more sales than spending more on this other ad. Which you just can't know because you can't know if that ad works because it was top of funnel, middle funnel, bottom funnel. You don't know what if it went to warmer users or colder users. You don't you we we we can't know any of those things well, but the the system does. Meta knows. So that's what it's optimizing for. And our little tiny human puny brains can't comprehend that and we also even if we could maybe we could, we're not being given that data. And that's that's the breakdown effect is that lack of data. Yeah. I try to make crazy cuz we see this like still in in 2026 uh way more often than we should, but like a client uh going and turn off the the top spending ad because it's not hitting uh benchmarks. >> Yeah. And And then inevitably uh having to scale down Mhm. um in the preceding period because they turn off the top performing ad. Yeah. Um so what would you what would you say to someone who you know, maybe KPI'd Mhm. by uh you know, a manager towards you know, certain metrics on ads and and is does have pressure on them to to to meet those certain benchmarks and feels like, "Oh, this ad is is significantly under our target." and feel that they should turn it off. Send them this video. Send them video I'm going to make. Yeah. On brand and effect soon. Send them any of the tweets that I've posted about it. Send them Uh there's so many things. It's just like such a hard fight to to fight because like so few people want to take the time to understand these things, especially like, you know, if you're like the media buyer, then your head of growth might want to understand it, but your CMO might not. Your CEO definitely doesn't have the time to understand. If you're like at that kind of scale business, not everyone has the time to like understand and compute and learn these things. So like that's one of my like biggest pet peeves about all this whole industry is like how much people at the top want to get involved, especially in marketing, because they like feel like they understand it. But there's like things like that that seem so obvious. It's like, "Oh, if this ad is not hitting our CPA, I'll turn it off, you idiot, right?" And that's the problem with this. It's always like someone being like, "Uh I'm smart. I see that that ad doesn't perform. I'll turn it off, you idiot. I'm smarter than you." And like that's just not right. Uh it's just not what needs to be done and there's no way there's no good way Meta can communicate that. I mean, I really hope Meta does find a better way to build that. Meta, please go find a way to aside from just expending the most on in the platform, have a way to signal the users, "No, please don't turn this ad off." Because like I think they do they do have that. They There are literally times where you turn off an ad and it'll try to tell you not to. And I I think a lot of people laugh at that and I even laugh at that. I think that's hilarious. But I think it needs to be before that. Well before I've made the decision that or a media buyer's made the decision to turn an ad off, they need to be like have a flag like, "Hey, this is ad is working because it is scalable and we this we the system understand that." But right now media buyers, marketers, heads of growth, CMOs, CEOs, they don't they don't understand that unless they watch this video and actually understand what I'm saying, which is is hard. Uh then it's there's no way they can really understand that and just think about the number of people that are going to watch this video. I'm going to guess 2,500. Uh in, you know, a couple months. Like the number of marketers that aren't watching this who are, you know, bottom shelf dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] marketers. If they're not If you're not watching this video, you're dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] marketer. >> you doing? Yeah. But like that's the thing is like most people aren't they're not they don't have If someone's watching this right now, they have an appetite for this. They have an appetite for improving themselves and learning and growing and improve and and doing all this hard work. Most marketers, most just people don't they're not that hungry. They don't care that much. So they're not going to try and learn about the breakdown effect. They're just going to do whatever they can to just like satisfy their boss, do the thing that's obvious, turn off the ad. And that's what we're up against. Uh yeah. So Meta either have to build that into the platform or or put 100 grand behind your YouTube video to make sure that every marketer or enough marketers see it. Oh, that's that'd be so What's so annoying to me is that I would get nothing from that. I get I get something from that, I guess, but like >> If you pitch Yeah, I guess. Yeah, yeah, true. Yeah, I'll make sure I will do that. Yeah, good call. Yeah. And then just pitch Meta on putting ads spend behind it. And you'll get you'll get less uh marketers turning off ads in the platform. True. But I mean, it goes back to what you said before. Like sometimes the best thing to do in the ad account is diddly squat. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I do that's Yeah, like the the the hardest thing about being a media buyer is knowing when to not do something or like not even knowing when. It's like being able to say like, "Hey, everything's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This is bad. This is bad. This is bad." Or you like getting that heat from the client or getting that heat from your boss or your C- CMO, CEO, or whatever and being able to say like, "Hey, yeah, this is bad. But like we can't make changes to this because like this isn't the problem. Something else is going on. Something on the uh something, you know, externally in the world is going on. There's a war going on, you know, something changed on the website is going on uh you know, maybe a perfect way to talk about you'll you'll love it. Um but like that's the kind of stuff that all matters and it's rarely the media buying is the problem that like causes sudden change in performance. It is the problem sometimes when someone did change the did change what was happening with the media buying. That can be a problem uh and that's almost always what happens. I literally had a uh um former like consulting client reach out recently with a problem in via email and they wanted to book a consulting call and I literally responded to them like, "Hey, check if it's in your account if it was this or if something if something uh changed in the account or something changed to the website in this period. And if so, like that's probably your problem right there. Go deal with it. If not, book a call with me and I'll help you find it." And they responded like, "Oh, it was both." >> And we didn't have to book a call. I was like, "Oh, saved you 1,200 bucks, you know?" >> Yep. Just something little things like that. Um but you you brought up a good a a good point and we can we can go on to talk about what you've been building now because this is literally a freaking situation that happened with one of our clients the other day with uh with a change being made on their website that they didn't know about leading to a degradation performance. And they're like, "Oh, what's going on, guys? Like is it we need better ads? Is the media buying or like no, it's a change on the website." >> well, no, I he's he was asking us and I texted him back, "What change on the website?" I was like, "What you changed on the site? I didn't go to the site. I didn't look. Uh I just asked him like, all right, what changed? Figuring he's a CEO, it's a small company, like three people, maybe three people. I was like, he would know. Um or at least he would hear me ask that and be like, okay, let me go check the website. Make sure it hasn't changed. Uh he said, "Nothing, man, nothing." And I was like, "Okay, cool." And I go into my tool where I've already been tracking his website, and I can literally see that there was a change, and I can see what the change was, and it was significant. Like they literally it was and I sent it I sent him a screenshot of it, and was like, "Oh, yeah, there was no changes? Like what's this?" And he's like, "Oh my god." And he was like, "I'm going to kill my developer." Cuz they they accidentally pushed out a change that wasn't scheduled to go live yet. Uh and wasn't wasn't told about it, didn't know about it, and like found out about it through me. Um because I literally built a tool for this scenario where you Someone literally uh someone in a podcast or something like this asked me like, "How do What makes you different? What's something I do that no other media buyer does?" And I was like, "Well, I get screenshots every day of all the pages that matter to me in the business that I'm running ads for." And, you know, after I thought about that for a while, I was like, that is such a pain. Like building even with AI, building automations for it, building the systems for it, it's just still for someone to go set that up, it's really annoying. So, I decided, because I know this problem so well, I know this audience so well, and I know um you know, my audience, I was like, let me go build this. And I've been for a few months now been working on like the ultimate tool to make sure that you know A, when a website change happens that matters to your business, it matters to your ads, and B, gives you an ability to look back and match up your ad performance or business performance, Shopify, GA, whatever, and compare that to what the site looked like back then. Some people will be like, I don't need that very much. I don't change enough. Well, to that I would say change your site more, fix your site more. To anyone else I'd be like who would be like, I don't need that I'd be like, yeah. Well, if you can't tell me what your site looked like on February 13th, like just an arbitrary day, and relate that to the a performance change that happened that day when I'm looking back at it, if you can't tell me that, then you're missing something. So often, it's just so common that media buyers are like, oh, you know, they're asked they're either asked why is performance bad today or they're having to explain they're like, oh, I don't know. The algorithm doesn't like us today. Or they're like, oh, or or when performance is good, anytime performance is good a media buyer is like, yeah. That's me. That's us. Me ads, you know, like and it's almost always like something is going on in the world, and it's not always even on your own It could be so it could be a landing page change. Sorry. Could be a landing page change, could be the homepage, could be the product page, or could be maybe your Google organic search results changed. Maybe your paid organic sorry, your paid Google search results changed. Maybe you got a new review on Reddit, and then that is what people are Googling when they Google your brand reviews, and that's now the first thing that's coming up is some new terrible review or some new glowing review. And if you don't you don't know that, you have no way, but you're just going to either celebrate or have a pity party because of it, and those things affect your business significantly. Yeah, and and why I I love this is because before you built this, I've literally seen you doing this process manually. I've been in your office when you've been on calls with clients who have you say, Barry, what the what the heck is going on with performance today? And then you have to go deep deep and spend an hour or two hours looking at website changes or reviews or just so many things outside the ad account uh can have a massive impact on performance. So like what you're doing here is is you are empowering media buyers and growth marketers to just have more context. >> right? >> And yeah, and everyone to have have more context about performance. >> Yeah. Exactly. I mean, by the way, it's not like I was the first person to develop the idea of like screenshotting websites. Like obviously the Wayback Machine exists, and I've used it many times to solve these problems. But it's not comprehensive. It doesn't have every page. It doesn't have all your landing pages. It doesn't have everything. It's very infrequent, too. You probably might your landing pages might have only been captured once or twice in the last year. Or your homepage might have only been captured a couple times. So, I wanted a way to like solve for that, have more frequent, which you can also do with other tools. There's plenty of other screenshotting websites, screenshotting tools out there, but they all are a huge pain in the ass. And I know because I've tried all of them because I didn't want to have to I did not want to have to build this. So, uh I just couldn't find a way that I could like easily say to you, "Hey, here's what we do for all of our clients now at AdCray. Or go to a new go to any client that I work with and say, 'Hey, just go do this.' Because I'd be giving them a huge homework assignment, which sucks. I'd be like, "Here, you have to go set this up, set up this automation, upload this list, do all these things, set all these settings manually." I built it so that you literally don't have to think about it. It takes care of you. And soon, uh it will like it will be hooked in with your Shopify analytics, GA4, Meta Ads, so that it literally can help you like just figure it all out for you. And you won't even have to think about it. You'll just get like a notification like, "Hey, performance is bad. Maybe it relates to this change on the website or this change in Google search results or this change on your Amazon page as it relates to it." So, it's about understanding the bigger picture of your which is where I've made my name in the last few years in doing this. Like that's where I add the most value is looking at the bigger picture. As a media buyer, a long time media buyer, um almost 20 years now of doing this, to someone who's become a, you know, expert creative, someone who's also doing CRO, the thing I know more and more to be true is it's not just any one thing, it's all of it together. So, understanding how all these things relate outside of your business and inside of your business and capturing that, understanding that, and monitoring that is so valuable and important and it's the biggest blind spot I think all these businesses have. Um cuz almost every time, almost every time I get brought into something, I'm like, what changed, right? And I can go look at the ad account, I can go see the ad account history, I can see what changed, I'm like, there it is. But I can't go do that easily for their website. I can't go do that easily and figure out their price change, you know, over time. I can't figure out what uh you know, what little things they've been testing and changing. Cuz it's never it's never that simple. And um that's why, you know, I built this incredible thing. I I hope you're, you know, everyone's going to use it. Go check it out. Uh at the time of this recording, it's literally not live or in public, it's like it's still on the waitlist. So, my hope is that by the time this goes live, someone watching this can go pay for it, but it might not be live yet. It might still be in beta. Is it your last say the name of it? Of course. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll be the best part. >> think you'll love it uh because it's called you'll love it. >> Ah! You'll love it. You'll love it. You'll love.it. >> I love that. Yeah. Yeah. So, we're we're having some fun with it, um but it's really meant It's something it's I've been having a blast building it. And I I'm like very excited for people to like use it and find it super valuable. Yeah, I'm bummed. Yeah, I mean, same thing with e-commerce brands, like our best clients are the ones who uh built the product out of a personal need. Right. Like you you were literally doing this manually. Yeah. Yeah. For a long time. And like having human QA catching things. So, I was like, all right, how do I just get AI to QA to catch these changes? Cuz if the page is working today, then I know it's working today. I just need to know what changed, right? Now I know did something break? Maybe. Yeah, I'll put the link in the description. Um if it's able to be signed up to by then. There's a at the very least a waitlist. >> A waitlist. Join the waitlist or go and try it. Um it's a great tool and would highly recommend it. We're going to use it for all our brands at AdCreatr. So, my next mistake that I see a lot of brands making is relying too much on one or two sources of ad creative. And you know, this is kind of anecdotal from what we've seen at AdCreatr, but I I've also seen a lot of people tweet about this recently as well. Uh all of our or not all of our like a a lot of our most successful clients, you know, look at their ad accounts and they are getting uh they're not just uh relying on AdCreatr. They're using other creative agencies. They're they're working with freelancers or consultants. They've got a an internal team they've built uh making ads as well. And I think there's definitely something to be said for the idea of just having people who have like a lot of different people who have their own take >> Mhm. on what great ads are and their own ideas that they're bringing into the uh like to the ad account. And you can achieve volume and diversity without running your internal team into the ground who are producing these ads they think are different, but they're all kind of they're different but in the same way cuz they're made by the same people. You have ad creative Cuz there's one lens. There's there's one lens. >> Exactly. But if you've got multiple lenses, uh you can have all those different takes from people without anyone being so stretched they feel like they have to just produce volume for the sake of volume. >> Yeah. I actually do think AdCreatr does a good job of having multiple lenses that like through which we make things. Like I I certainly don't think it's a single perspective. But I think when I do look at brands that are doing it solo, cuz I don't know I don't know if I I I advocate as much for like five. Like I think it's it's overwhelming. But I do think the problem is the brands that are only working with one uh internal team or multiple internal teams. That's a separate problem. Because they have one locked perspective. They have one set of logic or rules. I remember in this room I addressed I talked to the uh founder of Tushy. He was sitting right there, I think. And I told and I told him that like the I think I told him the reason why I started working with them I reached out and said like dude, do you guys have the word Tushy in the top of every single ad that you run at the time. I was like you can't do that. Like we need to you need some you need to remove that rule so that it allows for other types of creative. Right? That's like a imposed rule that no one's challenging. No one's incentivized to challenge. That's what happens Stuff like that is what happens in smaller and weirder ways. You get these learnings internally. Um and then what you really want is like someone to challenge that. So you want an agency. That's what I think AdCrit is like best when we have uh a client who has just one internal team and then they want to you know get some diversity. They bring in AdCrit to just offer that kind of like just a different perspective, different experience. Because if you are one brand, you cannot have you cannot see in other accounts. You can't know what's going on. Mhm. Versus like someone who like myself or someone like the AdCrit team who is in multiple accounts learning stuff, trying stuff, failing way more than you in way different ways in way different things. There's just so many more things to be learned from that um that can be applied that it just adds so much value. And same goes if you're like have only one agency. If you're a brand and you don't have an internal creative team and you only have one agency that's responsible for all of it. Yeah, I would tell you also like consider AdCrit or consider building an own your own internal team. Like get something to challenge Just whatever that is just a challenge it. Just to like have different perspectives and try not to force them both to be playing by the same exact um like aesthetics or you know, exact guidance. There's got to be some leeway there. Yeah, let them cook. Let them cook, for sure. Yeah. I don't think there's too much else I have to say to that. I said it all and you I left nothing for you. Classic me. >> Nothing else to say on that other than just yeah, it's just been a commonality in a lot of our clients who have scaled and actually we've seen quite a few of them who have told us we're taking this all in-house, eventually then realized that they come back. They they want to have some more diversity. They want to have different perspectives and then they come back come back and work with us and they choose us. >> a whole bigger conversation we could do a whole podcast on. It was just like the how many times we see those brands that are like get to a set point of scale and they're like, "Oh, this you know, let's cut let's We got to cut costs. We got to cut costs." And then we see them suffer because they're cutting costs in places where they they're they're not cost centers, they're profit centers. So, uh the creative is generally one of those. So, yeah. I think that's that's where we've seen hilariously when brands come back to us and they want to work with us again. I love that. In Germany happens a lot more when uh there are few if any other teams in their account outside the internal team. But >> it's also it's also like there's so many other people that like pitch the same the same services for cheaper. And I'm like Okay. Go for it. >> it. Yeah, yeah. We had one of those last week. Yeah. They they they left 4 months ago and they went cheaper and they're now come back. And that's fine. And you know, like we're we do incredible work. There's sometimes where we you know, there's there's sometimes we get beat for sure, but like we learn and we improve and we keep going. But it's it's pretty it's pretty comical to me how many brands are like they just try and say like, oh yeah, we can do that. And the sorry so many agencies that are like, oh yeah, we can do that. I'm like, Nah, you can't. You really can't. But you can try and you should. Um but the agencies get pitched on that. And like I'm sorry, the brands the brands get pitched by these agencies on that. And uh a lot of agencies have really really really really impressive sales teams um that are just out there to sow doubt about us. Well, well, it goes back to what we were saying earlier. Especially with production becoming commoditized, in in for a lot of ads, you actually can go and make it yourself. Like you could go and make the the one-to-one version of the ad yourself. But like can you replicate the the system or the the judgment and taste of being able to get to that point in the first place. So if you want to go and make another one of those ads that isn't isn't a one-to-one recreation, like how do you get that? Because that's what you're really paying for. You're not paying for the actual production itself itself. Cuz a lot of ads that we make that go on to win the account, like especially if it's if it's a static, yeah, you can go and make that on an iPhone by yourself. Of course you can. But it's not that's not what you're paid for. You pay the top people, uh you pay the top agencies, you pay the top creative strategists for their judgment, their taste, and you know, their ability to pattern recognize that they can keep on making more. >> the next one and the next one and the next one because it's not about that one. It's never about that one. It is about that one in that like that's great, but it's about okay, we got that one. Now how do we get to the how do we get the next one and the next one and the next one? yeah, that's I think there's a lot of people that are just like, oh, thanks for that one. And they think that that's it. And that's like that's good for a period, but it's not how you like build a business. It's not how you keep growing consistently, which is the goal of most of these these businesses. Keep growing them. Keep scaling. So, yeah. Yeah, I agree. Um couple of recent updates in the media buying world. I saw there was a lot on Twitter yesterday about the click attribution change. We're talking about this before the pod. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Um explain to people who haven't seen this what's happened. Yeah, so basically up until now um if you're looking at click attributed ad performance in Meta what that means is that like you say we're talking about one-day click attribution or seven-day click attribution, what that means is that until now in order for an ad to count a conversion someone would have had to have clicked on an ad any part of an ad, the comment section, the pause button, anything about that ad, someone clicked on it, then they can be eligible to be considered a conversion if they convert one day or seven days after that click. why how could that be a conversion you desk you might ask is like okay well if Meta knows that you're already in market, Meta knows that you have a you know you're looking at other brands for something it might just serve a clicky ad or ad or an ad with tons of comments on it that you're going to like inevitably click to read the comments on, but it might not change your intent. Might not change your actual likeliness to buy and Meta can do that. It does that with with view attribution. So it's been doing that with the click attribution is it'll get clicky ads in front of users who are already likely to buy and it'll do that just to steal attribution, take credit for it. Now the big change is that click only attribution is now only after link clicks. So this should sharpen Meta's ability to optimize ads effectively. So everyone should win from this and it'll also one of the things that they're they're saying that it'll improve and one of the reasons why why they're wanting to do it is so that internal like in platform metrics better match like external metrics. Like if you're using triple L Northbeam, something like that. Um you're there'd be a big disparity between what's measured in Meta and what's measured outside of Meta because those external platforms can't understand if someone clicked on an ad but didn't click the link. Um and now that should be a little bit closer. which is I think overall again a big win for everyone, especially the bigger accounts. If you if you're running a really big account, by the time you're watching this, this is already rolled out, this is already affecting you. Um so, you know, from the end of March you've probably been seeing improve I would assume improved overall performance, but maybe worse performance in platform metrics in in platform metrics. Um and you should figure out how to be okay with that. And also I would bet we're going to start seeing some ads that were getting lots of spend because they were able to get lots of cheap clicks uh on cheap placements. I would expect those to get less spend going forward. So, you'll notice you I think you should go look for ads that were like top spenders potentially or high spenders pre like late March and then verse after late March and see if you can find any of those and see if any of those make sense to you about like ads that had lots of comments, ads that might have had like in unintentionally or intentionally uh click-baity um like things about them. Like an ad that like has a fake button on it that people are like clicking or if they think it's an image that would they want to click to make it like bigger because of the the text is too small. Those are things we've seen get uh unintentional clicks uh before. So, it's kind of like for most media buyers who don't think about this stuff enough or don't care, I I don't know what to tell you. Like it's a small change and it's going to affect your business. For the people who really care and really want to know about it, it is going to have a tangible impact on your business. Um clip this and send it to your send it to your boss, send it to your client. Just that's the explanation. Um and I'll relate to the other change if that's all right. >> Go for it. Um this is really exciting because they kind of do relate. This is a change that is not new actually. Uh the one I just said is new. The in the uh link click thing is new as of March. But uh it relates to uh incremental attribution. Um I've heard a lot of people talking about using incremental incremental attribution feature on Meta for a while now. Um it was rolled out I think mid 2025, mid yeah, somewhere around there. And I tried it, played with it. I think it makes sense for a lot of advertisers, but I I wrote about it, talked a little bit of about it. I said that I don't think it's for me because I can't use cost caps or bid caps on it to kind of manage that. And um since then I've only recently found out that in December they actually rolled out that incremental attribution now can be used with cost caps. So, I haven't played with it enough yet to say like that is definitively the way to go. But for a lot of advertisers, especially bigger ones, I would tell you that almost everyone should benefit by using that attribution setting. Um because you're especially if you're advertising on other platforms, if you have a bigger brand that more people know about, you want more incremental sales, more incremental actions, meaning that they're not just actions that Meta can take credit for. It's actually that the your ads are driving actual actions to occur rather than just they're occurring and Meta's taking credit for them, which is what literally is happening otherwise. So, I do now mostly recommend that. I think it'll you know, be another couple months before I can really say like this is 100% uh the way to go, but it's a both of these are pretty big changes in the ways that media buyers can optimize ads. Um so even though usually I'm the guy who's like, you know, don't make a lot of changes, uh this is one where I'm fundamentally rethinking uh how to restructure the account because I should be able to better trust Meta now that it's doing more on my behalf than before. Um the incremental attribution changes, that that's not new though, is it? Or is it >> It's new. Incremental attribution released in mid-2025, but didn't have cost caps available for that setting. Got it. >> And then in December apparently rolled out quietly. Like no announcement. I I've not been able to find anyone on Twitter or LinkedIn talking about it. Like I I'm don't know why they didn't like roll it out. I don't know why our Meta rep didn't send us an email about that when we specifically asked him to give us an update about that. Sorry, Turner. We love you, but that Come on, man. Uh bleep his name, please. you can leave it in. I don't care. He's a good guy. I hope he still has a job uh cuz of all the Meta layoffs. We're not going to get into that right now. Um but yeah, big So it's like is it a big change? No, it's a little change that probably doesn't affect that many people. Um I'm sure there's a lot of other people in the space who already knew about this, but I didn't know about it, which means that there's definitely other people who don't know about it. Yeah, the the the click attribution changes is fascinating. I didn't know about it until you told me uh pre-pod. >> Yeah. I'm so I'm so excited about that, by the way, because I have it almost every consultant call I ever have to do, I have to spend 10 minutes explaining that. So now the fact that I can be like, "Okay, attribution is now after link clicks." That like saves me so much more time and energy to focus on other problems. Yeah. Yeah. Really really interesting. Uh Barry, you're are a fountain of knowledge. I speak to you for hours and hours and hours about ads. Um, but uh, I think we should wrap this one up here unless there's anything else that you want to say to the people. Um, uh, is there anything I want to say? I don't know. Check out AdCreate. Check out Your Love It. Uh, check out my YouTube channel and uh, if you like anything there, tell me to do some more. That's one of the things I want to I always want to be doing more of, but I don't really prioritize. Like you have you've done an incredible job. I love your channel. Um, and uh, yeah. I I want to get you on my channel next time. We'll do it on on my terms. You can come to my office and I'll hopefully have it set up so we can shoot there. I would love to. >> to my place, yeah. >> I would love to, dude. Well, I'll leave those things in the description. AdCreate, Your Love It. >> want to plug something? Uh, I mean, people already know. People already know. I've done I've done a lot of content recently about Paka and uh, and AdCreate. AdCreate link, Paka link, you know, if you want >> Is Paka different than Parker? Here we go. And then I we managed to make it about an hour and 35 before we had uh, him take the piss out of my pronunciation. >> water bottle before and I was like doing a jump on you. Yeah. I was going to jump on it. I was like Oh, sorry. It's my water. My water bottle. That's so good. You need to shoot an ad like that. Should I? Yeah. That's good. Yeah. This is my smart water bottle. They said I couldn't use the uh, Poland Spring. Apparently that's too ghetto for you. Not ghetto, but it's just whatever it is. Look at this. Much nicer. It's cleaner aesthetic. Says the maker of the ads guy. We should wrap up. The retention has gone off a cliff in the last 2 minutes. I mean, I yeah, I Oh, you know what? Can we review your retention? I don't want to review your retention charts on our last videos. Side note. Yeah. Great. End the this video. >> the retention charts? Yeah. You should do that. >> Yeah. Yeah, we could do that. Um, I tell you tell you I don't know. You don't have to plug Parker. >> you know, Parker, everything we spoke about with the judgment and taste, that's what we're trying to help people with Parker. We are trying to help you understand what ads to make next by giving you access to all your data sources and and help you make better decisions as a creative strategist on what ads to focus on. Persona-based advertising and yeah, our whole thesis is we're not trying to sprint towards production like every other tool. We are trying to help you with the what we do believe to be the hardest part of the process which is research and ideation and empower creative strategists to to make better ads. Um there's a tutorial that I'll link uh somewhere in the description um of me demoing Parker if you want to go and check it out. And there's a lot of cool things that we're adding. I have to say one of my favorite things is like that it proactively message me messages me in Slack. Like like it sends me stuff in Slack. >> If you like that that I mean we are actually about to roll out something big on that like a a lot it's about to be 10 times more proactive and send you stuff like which most days. Yeah. You should get messages from Parker. So there's there's >> So sometimes it does overwhelm me but it's but it's good because I'm like oh good like here's I don't I don't not have an idea which is like it always it always have I always have something in the chamber, you know, to go make. Uh yes. And also like what I want to have like I don't actually think the biggest bottleneck for uh advertisers nowadays is like I don't have any ideas. Like I I I want to build Parker in a way that helps people understand how to prioritize. Yeah, that was what I was going to say is the prioritization is where I screw up. >> Anyone anyone can go into Claude or any other LLM and you can have a a thousand ad ideas at your fingertips. But like how do you know of those of the 20 ideas that you're looking at which like three are like bang that's the one. And that's just pattern recognition. And that's what we're trying to help people do at Parker. We're trying to help people become better creative strategists and doing that through being able to connect to all of your different data sources, understanding, you know, more about than your brand than than you do with the amount of time it would take to go through Yeah. all of these data sources. Um, so, yeah, go and check Parker out below. We have got a lot of things we're adding over the next couple of months, which is pretty fun. That's Parker. No, Parker. No, it's a heyparker.ai Nice. For the Americans, it's heyparker.ai. >> Yeah, thanks. I should just have a translator next time I do a podcast with you. Should have someone sitting in the middle >> Actually, it's okay cuz the Google YouTube now has the AI dubbing. I watched a video in like French the other day and it just dubbed it into English. So, it'll just dub yours into American accent. >> Yeah, yeah. It's good. Awesome. So, maybe I need to hire someone to sit in the middle >> No, you're good. >> and be the the translator. >> Yeah, that guy just lost his job. >> Yeah. Okay. And on that note, we're going to wrap up. Thank you so much for having me on. It's always a good time >> Absolutely. Yeah, for sure. >> You are the the record guest for a reason. Let's keep it that way. Let's keep it that way, indeed. Thank you guys for watching. Like, comment, do all that stuff, and I will see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rcwilliams24 [1 likes]: TPJ just got a banger yapper from Barry at 17:40
  2. @charlesrichard6847: Excellent video Alex Cooper, thanks a lot for sharing such wonder video
  3. @bazzihassan: What’s the tool called? 1:07:31
  4. @Welch_Marketing: 100% right

- Facebook Ads in 2022: 3 Mistakes Killing Your Conversions!: Kind: captions Language: en facebook ads they're working better than ever right now how do i know well for every dollar that my company spends on ads we return five dollars in revenue consistently and we have been for years facebook ads work it's your strategy that doesn't i spent some time on youtube looking up facebook ad strategies and pretty much all i found were things on targeting and how to use the facebook ads platform that stuff is easy honestly you can hire someone a fiver to run your ads what you need to be focused on is strategy specifically three things these three things whenever i audit a client's ad account these are the three things that i always see for the reason why they fail so in this video i'm going to walk you through exactly what these three things are and even better i'm going to take you live over the shoulder for one of my friends businesses how i helped him set up his facebook ads literally only doing these three things and how we are now generating leads for them phone call leads for less than 30 each and we did that within a week so if you are struggling to get your facebook ads profitable and get them to convert you do not want to miss this video i promise you it is full of gems let's get into it [Music] the house of transformation is gym here in miami it's owned by a couple of friends of mine who helped me out with a lot of things so i decided to give them a week of my time to help them get their acquisition on track they had been working with a very well-known and reputable agency i won't name names who specializes in gym marketing and the ads that they were running were complete dog even this very reputable company was making these three cardinal sins so let's talk about what these are real quick cardinal number one running your ads under the impression that people care about your product or service that's number one number two terrible offer that nobody cares about and number three not nearly enough creative assets now i'm gonna unpack all three of these specifically and i'm gonna do so through the lens of house for transformation i'm going to show you what they were doing before show you how within a week we were able to come in and get these three things cleaned up and now generating leads very very cheaply very effectively very high quality that are actually turning into paying customers for them all right so let's start diving deep into these mistakes that i know you're making mistake number one thinking that people care about your product or service now to me this is the number one reason ads fail people don't care about you they don't care about your business they don't care about your product they care about themselves and this is really the key to all ads they could be persuaded to be interested in your business or your product or your service if you can properly map that to a problem or a pain point that they have so what this means in its simplest form is that pretty much all brands start ads with like tv commercials this is what we do this is who we are this is what we offer this is our service this is our product i don't care about that nobody does if somebody's scrolling down their instagram or facebook feed they don't care about your business or product again they care about themselves so what you have to be able to do is you have to be able to understand exactly who your target customer is what problems what pain points you're having and then mapping that and massaging that into ads that can relate to them on their terms now in a second i'm going to dive into facebook ads manager and actually show you before and after the ads for house of transformation but real quick what i want to look at is this very impactful diagram hey real quick make sure to subscribe and hit the notification bell i post weekly content only for my subscribers like links to my private slack channel office hours and free access to marketing templates and tools so if you don't want to miss out make sure you hit that subscribe button and the little notification bell this is a chart adapted from eugene schwartz's book breakthrough advertising if you have not read it it is one of the most impactful things that you can do for any of your marketing and sales and it was written about 100 years ago and it still rings true now more today than ever so if you are not familiar with the five levels of awareness which is a key part of this book let me run you through it real quick right so starting over here on the right side right we have people that are unaware people who have no idea what you do they have no idea what problems you solve what your product is or your services etc right this is what i like to call cold audiences on facebook this is where a large majority of your success is going to happen these are people who have no idea who you are and this is the only way that you can get ad campaigns to scale if you can successfully reach these people and bring them into your ecosystem the next one down the ladder here is people who are problem aware so people who know that they have a problem right so for example we're talking the context of gyms they know that uh you know they they're out of shape or that they're overweight or that they have love handles or that they're not eating healthy they know that they have a problem right but they do not currently know what the solution is or want to take action on what that solution is which is the one down the line so solution aware people is again who people who are aware that gyms exist but they have not made the decision to go into a gym or to start a program or to start working out or that there's homeworks workouts available all the above they know that there's a solution but they have not chosen to act on that yet the next one down is product aware so now they are aware of your product of your service of your gym of your workout program but again they have not chosen to take action on it and then people down here are most aware these are people that maybe have been to your gym maybe they've been through your consultation process before they've become a lead before these are people all the way down at what i call the bottom of the funnel and this is very similar to a funnel model it's just laid out in a little bit different right people over here at the top of the funnel cold and then as you move down the stages of awareness you're moving down the acquisition funnel or down the awareness funnel right all these things really kind of map together but to me in this context this is the most impactful because again where most companies start nine times out of ten i promise you want to add an account they start with product aware as they say oh we want to talk about us we want to talk about all our features all our benefits uh all the cool things that we do like no no nobody gives a about that what do people care about they care about themselves and they care about the problems that they're having so what we need to start with is those problems if you have not gone through a problem identification just pain point out identification of your target customer when i mean your target customer too i don't mean like oh you know jenny likes to listen to pandora on the weekends and listens to oprah like that stuff doesn't matter what matters is pain why does pain matter because pain is the greatest motivation in humans fear anxiety pain this is what motivates people to take action right so if we can dig into those pains into those problems then we can get them to be interested in our ads and in our content and then once we properly identify those problems and bring them into our ecosystem then we can start to introduce our solutions then we can start to introduce our products because we have their attention and they have chosen they have opted in through the different levels of engagement that we can track through advertising now that they have engaged with that they've shown a level of interest they've engaged with the ad they've opted in uh they've chosen to get more information then we can start to introduce our solutions and our products after that so to simplify this especially when it comes to a local gym because we can't run you know all these different types of ads there's just no budget there's really just two ads that you need you need problem ads right that are going after the problem and then product ads right your traditional commercials that you can run as remarketing ads to anyone who has shown some level of engagement with you before someone who's been to the website uh somebody who has followed you on instagram somebody who sent you a message on instagram then we can run product level ads right so you can see here on the bottom too what we've done is we've mapped the type of copy or the type of ads that you can run with these levels of awareness so when it comes to on the right hand side over here the top funnel right we run around uh stories stories run really well so personal stories right customer stories customer journeys um you know people that have been to the program before we tell their story through the scope of the problem framing i'm going to show you exactly how we do that with actual ads benefits and anxieties anxieties are huge here right again pain points fears anxieties so we're really really want to drill into so an example of that right is instead of saying hey come into our gym and claim your free workout session which is what everyone does we drill into the anxieties right like why would somebody want to come into the gym what are they feeling right again we live here in miami so we can get super specific this is a very vain city people are everyone here is in great shape everyone here takes care of themselves that's a fear and anxiety especially you know if you are a woman or a male those are different fears and anxieties those are different pain points right about how people want to look about how they want to feel about themselves so we can speak to those and drill into those and speak to them while introducing them to the service and product and solutions that we have for them so that's crash course on the five stages of awareness now what i want to do is jump over to facebook and show you the ads that they were running before this was an ad that they were running before for a free 21 day challenge again this is coming from the agency not from house of transformation they were doing everything that the that the agency was telling them to do and i'm going to tell you within the first sentence why i hate this so much free 21 day transformation challenge helped test our new newest program within the first sentence what are they doing they're talking about us our newest program test our program we're looking for people who want to test drive our program and give us feedback on our program help us improve let us use the testimonials leave good reviews these are all things talking about the business we're not talking about the customer we're not talking about their pain points we're not talking about any benefits even that they would get from coming and doing this is all me me me it needs to be you you so that's what they were doing before now let me show you the little process that i put them through to help them to flush out how to get to where they needed to be so i use something uh it's a copywriting framework it's a problem framework it's just called problem agitate solution right you identify the problem you agitate the problem and then you provide the solution it's a copywriting framework but in order to get there what i did with them is i literally just had them go through and start to list out some of the problems that their target customers are having and specifically to really dig into and i think this is important important to note in talking about the target customer right when i say target customer people can go all sorts of down different wormholes you know if you google it you'll get some garbage hubspot stuff about again like this is gene she's 42 years old she lives in minnesota like like that's cool right but like as a business owner you need to know exactly again who your target customer is and really kind of being able to generalize around who that person is not necessarily their psychographic stuff in terms of psychographic targeting again this is where people mess up on facebook they're like oh because on facebook we can target by like what podcasts they listen to so therefore i have to define that it's just it's too much because just because we go to the same gym and we're there for the same common goal which is to do x which we're going to talk about in a second that doesn't mean that we have the same personal interest right we're bound by the same fact that we go to the same gym we're there to do the same thing which is to build muscle to burn fat and again this is what i'm talking about is knowing your target customer what is their specific goal for coming to your gym right and that's when you can start to segment your audience a little bit between male and female right and within that too right two things that we have here you know one of them is like postpartum uh they identified that they had been getting a few referrals in from women who were postpartum to get uh you know to to start working on their bodies to get back into shape uh to start feeling better and start all these different things after postpartum right so that is one problem that we can come up with right getting back into shape after having a baby getting your confidence back after having a baby that's even better right because when we say the problem is getting back into shape that's very general there's there's no feeling or emotion talking tied back into that getting your confidence back after having a baby that's a feeling that's an emotion right these are things that again we can tap into with these ads and with our marketing um that can really start to have much more of an impact than hey come do our free 21 day challenge right that's not the way that we want to do it so literally just starting by flushing out what some of these problems look like for their target customers and then the other one that we really came up with for the most part was was really honing in on women because when they looked at their customer base you know 80 of their gym as women uh and for the most part also listening to their sales conversations that they have with people a lot of women come in and they asking about booty building programs you know everyone wants to have a bigger butt these days especially blah blah whatever so really honing in on that problem and focusing in on turning that into which we'll talk about part two which is offers so we flushed out some things here just in terms of writing out problems having an empathetic statement that goes along that with this especially in the fitness space you know i think this is important that empathy is really important in marketing we don't want to push things that are overly overly appearance driven right we want to meet people where they are especially at an apathetic level we always want to show empathy right so we don't want to say something like you know get your body back after having a baby that's a little bit unempathetic but something more along the lines of having a baby is having a baby is hard on your body right that's an empathetic statement there's much more empathy in that but it conveys the same thing um having a baby's heart is hard to get back in shape that's a customer story that we could use right when we're talking about the five stages using that at the front instead of saying hey come in for our like our baby you know get your body back after a baby challenge we can use a customer story saying having a baby's heart and getting back into shape is an emotional stressful journey you know that is the way that we want to lead into with an empathetic statement with a relatable story but also again focusing on the core problem which is that getting the confidence back after having a baby it's not about what we offer it's about them it's about the problem that they are having hopefully you're starting to feel this a little bit more and as i show you the ads that we created for them which i'm gonna do in part two of this you're gonna see you're gonna understand you're gonna feel the difference in the ads you're gonna feel how it's about you you you not about me me me so that was reason number one why your ads are failing is because your ads are about you and they're not about your customer so reason number two is because your offer stinks so i need to quickly define offers because it gets thrown around and misconstrued in the marketing space all the time i define two types of offers and this is critical for advertising successfully number one is the macro offer or the business offer so this is the vehicle which begins the exchange of value business for dollars from the customer uh it's what attracts potential customers to your business it details who are targeting what they want and how we'll help them get there so from a jim's point of view is we help you know uh in through the context of the offers that we're going to talk about and create but we help women uh you know uh get their confidence back after having a baby right through uh intense uh workout programs and like one-on-one support from like you know a a female coach something like that right or you know we help men uh you know build muscle and get lean something like that right that's a business offer that's literally what they're paying you for for that outcome for that pain point that they're having that's part one that's the macro offer you have to have that identified too because a lot of times people like yeah we're jim you know we help people get in shape that's not specific enough and when you're not specific in today's market where things are saturated and there's so many different options you're not going to get people's attention right if you're just like we're a gym we help people get in shape not specific enough and you can segment these things too based on your marketing if you service both men and women which pretty much all jams do that's fine but you can come up with different sub offers that can help to bring people in through the language through the verbiage which then cascades naturally down into your ads and into your marketing so that way you're not just running you know again like commercial style ads where it's like hey we're house of transformation we help people get in shape like you know so what like but if it's different if it's uh here at house of transformation we help women like get that perfect peach ready for summer time you know like it's just different energy it's a different vibe and again it really helps to attract the right type of people and then you can also match that with audience targeting on facebook to get extra lethal so the other types of offers is what we call a micro offer or a marketing offer and these are the offers that we use to bring people into our ecosystems with the ultimate goal of selling our macro offer so this is what that other company was trying to do with that free 21 day transformation this is a micro offer a micro offer again is what begins that exchange of value you know allows us to capture the customer's information but the offer was right because the offer didn't help them to do anything it didn't help them to do anything aside from inform us about how to improve our improve our product which nobody cares about doing so it's really really really important that we understand what the pain points are and that we can take that macro offer pain point turn into micro offer pain point so we can get people off of facebook and into our ecosystem or aka generating leads all right so i jump back over into facebook ads platform so i can show you the actual offer that we decided to run so this is one of the many ads that we set up for them and the offer that we're running here again it's distinctly different right so i don't really love long form copy in this type of space to me the most important thing is the first sentence and what this sentence says is house of transformation is here to get that peach right for bikini season right so this is the booty building program that we're running the headline here says tire of not seeing your peach grow again the pain point that we identified from listening to customers is that they come in they want a bigger butt so we're just going to address that directly and this is the landing page that we're running to it's a very simple click funnels page it just says the ultimate booty building program we always want to make sure that the landing page is consistent and congruent with what we're running on facebook then i call out the fact that this is in miami miami sculpt the perfect peach of your dreams guaranteed if you don't see a change the training is on us book your free assessment we always like to put in some sort of guarantee it just really helps to drive home um the fact that you know there's a lot of garbage gyms out there and we're willing to put our money where our mouth is says location of a studio this is always really important uh you know when you're running local based traffic and then we have a testimonial from a huge influencer who works out at the gym and then the offer here just gets uh name email phone number really important to get their phone number and you know put a little call to action here that says we'll text you the details so they're comfortable giving their phone number you always want to get phone number this is a sales model email's not enough you got to get their phone number so you can text them and call them right away within really i tell them the client within an hour you need to call them or text them or it's pretty much gone so after that it just goes to a quick thank you page here which has a video from the the founder here talking about the assessment that they're going to get and then some more uh just basically like social proof down here from transformations that people have gone through so that's really it when it comes to the offer it's very simple uh the ad is also very short and simple again uh it just goes into the main hook here which ties in the problem the headline that ties in the problem and then a few simple benefits of what they get uh the guarantee and then the location and the creative is really what it's all about in this we use video for all of our ads you know you can use images but video just plays a lot better in my opinion actually the data shows is not just my opinion this is just one of the trainers just filmed on an iphone going through the actual booty program while also doing a voiceover talking about uh you know different tips uh and like some training styles and this is the video that's one of the winners that's performing the best in driving the most leads so again hopefully what you feel from that when it comes to the offer it's about putting together what their problem is and then creating a vehicle or an offer that brings them in through that problem and pain point again it's not about us it's about them what is it that they want what is it they want to achieve and what is an offer vehicle that we can put together to just pull that interest off of facebook and into our ecosystem so that's point number two is fixing your offer point number three is that you are not using enough creative what i mean by that is you're not coming up with enough ad concepts you're not coming up with videos you're not coming up with enough images for us you know we put together a minimum of 10 creative assets that's videos and images before running any campaign that all needs to be accompanied with copy that needs to be accompanied with a landing page that ties directly to whatever we're talking about what the offer is you don't need a lot of landing pages honestly landing pages are easy to test and kind of iterate over time start simple and build on it over time figure out what drives clicks first from facebook and then what you and then you can move to figuring out what converts on the landing page the key though is getting that creative in the facebook's machine getting it to learn the more creative the assets that we give it the more that it will learn and the more that i will keep the ads fresh because people get annoyed and the facebook algorithms wants to serve more and more content to people and it wants to test things too and that's really where we're at with facebook and that's why i said it's not hard to run ads anymore because the facebook algorithm is so so smart and intelligent it pretty much knows before what you upload whether it's going to work or not so the more assets that we give it the more it can test and the more that we'll get it dialed in very quickly so when you look at this campaign that we did with house specifically you can see we came up with five different pieces of creative i just showed you the one with the trainer that was going through the booty program this one here is from a customer uh where it was talking about how she uh the gym helped her get ready for her wedding right so that's another one that we went with another angle that we went with this one here um and again you can see how the hook changes house transformation makes it clear easy show you so you can literally just show up hook here want to get in shape but don't know how this is just another kind of customer uh video that they put together from a girl who works out there very simple very straightforward again all filmed on the iphone right a lot of you are going to be like oh well i don't have the ability to do this these are all filmed on iphones and just edited together with a professional editor right it's really really important this is another one help you hit the reset button get back to where you were having a hard time getting back into shape again problem pain point with women this one's the postpartum one that we put together this is the customer story one um of uh one of the gym members who went there uh and then the final one here important life event we went through that one uh this is just another girl who's going through here talking about the workouts that she's done here so the company before was literally only running two different pieces of creative and just burning it out burning it out burning it out we have five different pieces of creative here running very low budgets per day we're really not spending that much we've only spent a total of 528 dollars and again we've generated almost 20 leads off of that all with phone calls all people have responded all very very good leads and the reasoning is simple it's because we understand exactly who they are we understand what their problems are we understand what their pain points are we're creating content for them we're building offers for them and we are serving multiple different pieces of creative so facebook can pick it up on it and it can really match it with the right audiences everything after that when it comes to audience targeting when it comes to all that stuff it's not hard we're literally just dropping a pin in miami five mile radius around it and saying anyone who's into anything fitness related or anything gym related these are the people that we want to run to and that's it we're running this all the cold audiences these are not going to warm audiences they're all going to brand new people who have no idea who are in the unaware stage they're in the problem aware stage again people all the way up the funnel like we talked about they're not down the funnel they they have no idea what house of transformation is and we're picking up people for thirty dollars to cold traffic for a gym it's pretty pretty incredible if you think about it with phone call leads people saying i'm interested in this specific program because you understand who i am you understand what my problem is what my pain point is and you have a very good solution for it it seems and i'm interested in coming in for more information and that's it if you can fix those three things with your ads i'm telling you make the ads about them not you fix your offer make it about them not you tied to a pain point number three put together way more creative i promise you your facebook ads will turn around and everything after that then you can get into targeting the details custom audiences all that stuff if you can't get your ads to convert cold audiences it's never going to work for you anyways you're just going to have very short-lived campaigns that burn out very quickly and are not overly profitable so that's all i got for this video as always if you've liked this please hit the like subscribe button drop me some comments and i'll see you in the next video you

  Top Comments:
  1. @sohaibo [1 likes]: Hey Ryan, great video.
But a question. How do you deal with situations where a certain location has a really small population.

I think transformation and weight loss is something everyone can resonate with and gym launch is having huge success with that (like $1.5 to $2 leads) and I think the reason why their copy is about the gym is to tell why they are doing this crazy offer in the first place. Otherwise it sounds too good to be true to offer a completely free 21 day or 6-week program.

On the other hand this is a bait & switch (which will piss off a lot people).

So, I really like your strategy but the problem is, I won't have enough "pregnancy cases let's say", in areas with smaller populations. So, segmentation is harder.

How would you go around that?
  2. @Rimka_Vibe: You will most likely have more subscribers and engagement if you post about the “Millionaire” lifestyle to validate your opinions, you have amazing content and i am learning a lot.
  3. @tree_tent_adventures: This is gold man
  4. @user-tm4sg9pn9f: Hey Ryan,

When you're testing different creative, are you keeping variables like copy and headlines the same on each angle or are you purely testing different combinations of creative at each level? (IE different video, copy and headline for each ad).

I've always tested creative by changing 1 variable at a time but this seems to take longer and can be hard to track.
  5. @infinitemindsetnow: Valuable content right here. Thanks for the enlightenment
  6. @garagedoormarketing: Hey Ryan, thinking to join the amazing discord server of yours? Is that a good fit for freelancers as well? I'm not an agency owner neither thinking of doing it within a year. Would appreciate your suggestion.
  7. @alexgreencreatives: Hi there, Thank you for this very clear video. 

One question for you.... If you would need to pin down the pains/problem somebody has for an apparel company what would it be?
  8. @ozlemozz: Thank you for your share? Can you make a video about sales and catalog campain?
  9. @dylannright420: Great content Ryan, thank you!

What would your advice be whne running ads for a very high AOV jewelery brand, particularly under problems as not owning jewelry isn't actually a problem for many people haha? 

Really appreciate the free content!
  10. @TheMarketingFunnel: Love your content, Ryan. Thanks for sharing!
  11. @stephenong4545: welcome back :D
  12. @abhipatil4844: Good one Ryan

- Facebook Ad MISTAKES That DESTROY Your Results!: Kind: captions Language: en if you're not getting the results you want with your facebook ads and even making just one of the mistakes i'm going to talk about in this video could be the reason why i've seen hundreds of facebook advertisers make these mistakes even the experienced ones but the good news is that fixing them could take you from this to this a lot of these mistakes are easier to fix than you might think including the first one mistake number one giving up too early the facebook ad platform is masterful at using data with thousands of data points on every facebook and instagram user it can work out who to advertise to how often even what time of day which means you get better results the more you advertise on facebook and the more data you generate in your ad account a lot of facebook advertisers quit just before their ad account matures to the point where it can deliver fantastic results for them just missing out like that is particularly painful to see also you have to remember that facebook ads is a skill like anything else it takes time to develop that skill you wouldn't start playing tennis today enter into a tournament this weekend not win any matches at that tournament and then declare that tennis doesn't work that would be ridiculous so don't do the same thing with facebook ads in short the greatest rewards come to those who stick it out mistake number two not copying your competition this one might be a bit of a surprise but honestly the easiest way to succeed with facebook ads is to find someone else in your industry that is generating great results and model from what they're doing particularly when you're getting started here's how you do that open up the free facebook ad library tool select the appropriate location and then choose all ads from the ad category menu then enter the name of one of your competitors into the search field i'm going to use digital marketer as an example this is a company that produces fantastic ad campaigns here you can see exactly how many ads they're running in that location and exactly what those ads look like you may have to try this with a few different competitors to find ones that are currently running ads but that's fine going through this process is certainly worth it to find ads that are performing well scroll down to ads that were launched at least six months ago ideally 12 plus months ago because if one of your competitors has been running the same ad for six months or 12 months or longer that ad must be delivering great results for them otherwise they just wouldn't keep running it find an ad that you like the look of and then click see add details here you can see it all what they are offering in the ad the ad creative the primary text the headlines the call to action button everything you can even click on the call to action button and be taken through to your competitors landing page then you can simply model from what your competitors have done and create your own ads but before you jump on that i need to warn you about mistake number three mistake number three only copying your competition it might sound like i'm contradicting myself here but i'm not you absolutely want to model from what your competitors are doing using the facebook ad live but if you want the best possible results at some point you need to take one step further and stand out from the crowd the easiest way to do that is to head back into facebook ad library and search for what people are doing in industries that are similar to yours try and find an ad creative type or an offer that looks like it's working well for them but isn't being used in your industry yet for example if no one is offering a monthly product subscription in your industry but they are in similar industries that could be a fantastic competitive advantage mistake number four low add to landing page congruity if your facebook ads and landing pages don't have a similar look and feel you're in trouble your prospects will hit the back button if they feel like they haven't landed in the right place and that's disastrous for a number of reasons firstly those people obviously won't convert and you'll have wasted money advertising to them but even more importantly when people hit the back button that's a signal to facebook that your ads are below average quality and that's a big problem because facebook will charge you more to advertise if facebook and instagram users aren't responding well to your apps fortunately this one is easy to fix using the same color scheme in your ads in your landing pages or using some of the same images or headlines usually does the trick mistake number five sticking with one ad format look we've all been there you find an ad format that works and you stick with it and that can work for a while but by limiting yourself to just image ads or just carousel ads you're missing out on a big opportunity the best results undoubtedly come from running a mix of ad formats simultaneously here's why you know how they say different people learn things differently some learn visually others through listening it's the same with facebook ads some people are much more likely to engage with a carousel ad for others a video ad is more likely to grab their attention ideally your ad sets are going to have image ads video ads carousel ads slideshow ads etc all running at the same time it's extra effort but it's worth it mistake number six ignoring ad frequency have you ever seen an ad so often that you get sick of it my advice is to not be that advertiser you don't want to subject your audience to that if you do your results are going to drop off very quickly facebook makes it really easy to avoid this mistake as well in your ad account select the delivery column preset then take a look at the frequency column frequency is the average number of times that someone within your audience has seen your ads a general rule is to make sure your frequency number doesn't go above 2.5 when you're targeting cold audiences this will of course vary depending on your industry and how interesting your ad creative is so my recommendation is to introduce new ads into your campaign when your ads reach the 2 to 2.5 frequency market that helps keep things fresh mistake number seven not sitting still this mistake is one of the easiest to make but it has such a detrimental impact on your results facebook ad campaigns perform best when they are stable when you first launch a campaign or ad set you'll see it go into the learning phase during the learning phase facebook is trying to work out how to best deliver your ads to get you the best possible results things like who to advertise to what time of day how often even which placement option are all being tested if you are constantly tweaking things and making adjustments to your ad campaigns facebook can't optimize properly and you won't get out of the learning phase of course you will need to adjust your facebook ad campaigns for all sorts of reasons but patience is key here it's best to not make changes more often than once every seven days mistake number eight advertising blind nothing you do on facebook will matter if you can't track your results not only do you need to be able to see what return on ad spend you're generating you also need to be able to see which ads targeting options etc are delivering the best results so that you can make adjustments and optimize your campaigns you need to start by setting up and installing the facebook pixel but in a post ios 14 world tracking results is more difficult and just installing the facebook pixel is not enough you also need to take a couple of extra steps such as verifying your domain and configuring your web events in aggregated event measurement now i know that might sound super complicated but i make it really easy for you and show you exactly how to set it all up step by step here it is well worth taking a bit of time to make sure you've got your tracking set up properly by doing so you'll already be ahead of 90 of your competition

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @rowaqif7520: Master, please activate voice switching to Indonesian. I want to learn Facebook Ads with you. Thank you.
  3. @gufranshaikh7339: Super helpful, one question- can i run 1 CBO and one cost cap with couple different bids as my structure there wont an audience overlap right?
  4. @jinkazama2555: So freakin good
  5. @marketingfastlanes: Learn from the competition but don't copy
keep the feel of landing page and ad copy similar
Sit still and don't make changes too early when the campaign is learning
  6. @tfcdemigod1415: Amazing Video and Learned a lot from it.
  7. @bigk8294: Don't ever assume because a competitor runs add for long time that means it working. I have done close to 200 forensic looks at META campaigns and in all but one case the waste was between 20% - 80% so following sometimes is not a good idea. You want to test an ad that looks like there's fine, but don't assume it works. The idea on looking at adjacent industries is a best practice for sure.
  8. @rajudesai3069: Okay
  9. @salido8587: Is it okay to turn off/on ads? Does it affect the learning phase? If I turn them back on, will they have to go through the learning phase again?
  10. @ericosoriano: Hi ben, Im sticking to only image add , and its Currently Drop sales fast .. Its learning limited i think , maybe i will do Image add, Vid add, is it okay ? thank you hope you notice me..Godbless
  11. @zeplichal: Your Content is amazing!
  12. @jhonsanchezv: The 6 mistake is high frequency and the advice in not to go above 2.5 in frequency. But 2.5 per day? per week? every 10 days?
  13. @gauravnyahoo6736: Which campaign to use instead of ' Whatsapp message in previous version?' ( Engagement campaign in new version is not giving result like previous one.) I wan to sell books
  14. @aaroncroft6236: Ben. Can I pay you to get me set up?
  15. @mariamkashif3894: Hi Ben, when you say add a new ad to avoid ad frequency exceeding 2.5, does that mean I add the new ad to an existing ad set or as part of a new ad set? I would really appreciate your response!
  16. @faiyazkhan2.0: Thank you man
  17. @sean626262: Why do my ads only work for a few days then stop. Even if I let it run for a few more days, still nothing. My ads usually start working immediately, then slow down to nothing after a few days. I've never been able to figure this out.
  18. @Carorca2: Im working in company that change the copy EVERY WEEK as they have different promotions/new prices. Is this healthy for the ads?
  19. @JulesLife: But in another video I thought you said if I ad a new ad to an ad set it'll restart the whole learning process so it SHOULD BE AVOIDED.
  20. @magneticmate6634: As always, outstanding advice!

- The biggest mistake people running Facebook ads make: Kind: captions Language: en If you run meta ads, and you don't know how many creatives you have in your library right now, or what creative mix is, or what the right balance for creative mixes, or if all of these words seem too complex, I'll break it down in about a minute and a half here for you, and potentially decrease the biggest cost of your business right out the gate. This is a interview I had with a business owner that's just starting out. They're running a few meta ads, having an incredible amount of success, but I just noticed a way to be able to potentially double his efficiency. And for most business owners, this immediately can bring down your costs as soon as like today, cuz it only takes a few minutes to actually fix. Hope you enjoy the interview. As a new founder, I totally understand your attention being pulled a million directions. Where I like to start with that is making more money. And looking at how you're making money right now, you're running ads, the biggest mistake I see most people running ads, and I see it in yours as well, is that they choose one medium, one type of ad, and then they run that ad over and over again. And looking at your ads library, you only have static image ads with text on screen. These are the least efficient, most expensive type of media that you could have ever. If you were to choose any type of medium, that is the worst one to choose, specifically for lead gen. Works great with e-commerce, but for lead gen it it's difficult. The most successful advertisers, if you look at the top ones, they've got static images, they got short looping videos, they got carousels, they've got uh you know, talking head videos, they got short form talking head, medium length talking head, they got long form talking head, they got case studies, testimonials, they're showing off their clients, they're doing such an immense amount of creative mix, and that's all pulling the cost of delivery down, because meta doesn't just have to deliver one type of asset to everyone. They have a lot of different types of assets to choose from. With social media right now, the the creative mix required to be successful is so so large, because people consume media in all different forms, and you really do have to meet your customers where they're at. If you're going from static images and trying to do video, easiest way to make that jump, take a 5-second video of your office space. Take a 5-second video of the maybe the view outside your window. Take a 5-second video on your morning walk. Take a 5-second video of like you making some coffee or something. Whatever feels natural and organic to you, whatever doesn't feel like an ad, and then put the ad text that you have on top of that video. It's called a short looping reel, 5 seconds long, and it and it looks organic because of the video that you got in the background, but the text on screen cuz you still have the standard pitch. And because it's organic-looking, it has way cheaper placement in the algorithm than just the static image, which looks hyper-produced. It looks very commercial. So, that's the the first transition into video. The very next transition into video, which I recommend you do right away as well, move into real video. Move into a talking head video. Pull out your phone, get the front-facing camera up, load the primary copy that you have in your ads right now into a teleprompter app, and then just read the ad. Deliver it as a video talking head. If you say you're good at sales, you should have great delivery there. Should be no problem whatsoever. So, now, just with the 10 unique ads that you have right now, if you do this with the short looping reels and then the talking head, suddenly you have 30 ads that are completely unique in your ad library. You triple your creative diversity right away, and you can see your cost drop dramatically when you do that. When choosing how to prioritize, I would absolutely prioritize at the top of the funnel first. So, if you see your business as a funnel, what happens at the top is you run the ads, you get the customers, and then they go to your landing page, and then they fill out an application, and then they book a call, and then they hopefully show up to the call, and then hopefully they show up qualified, and then hopefully you close them. At the very top, though, the thing that has the most influence, where you have the most leverage, is the ad. You're fine with your results right now on the ads, but I think that's only because you haven't had the kind of results that you could if your ads were better. If running ads was half as expensive as it was right now, if you had twice as many sales calls, would you be worried about trying to improve the conversions on your landing page by 5%? It doesn't even matter. It's like you could have a double on your conversions on your landing page just by having ads be cheaper. Most people don't think that ads are the problem because they've never run ads at the highest level. But when we add 100, 200, 300 creatives in there and suddenly their ad costs drop to half, they're like, "Oh my gosh, business is so easy. My biggest expense is cut in half. I have all of this money suddenly. I don't have to worry about close rates. I'm not stressed about how many people show up to the sales call. I have so many of these to filter through. I'm not even taking most of these sales calls. I see the application come through and I'm just DQing people. I'm choosing to only talk to two people a day instead of having only two people to talk to per day because of how >> efficiently everything is running. Your your priorities right now are really well aligned. You you understand that ads are most important and then the bottom and then you work your way towards the middle as you have more data, as you have more statistically significant events to be able to make those small micro changes that have bigger impact on the bottom. But if your next biggest problem is that you can't even fulfill on these clients. What would make it easier to fulfill on the clients is having twice as much revenue to do so with. If you're still watching this video, like if you saw all of that cuz you thought it was interesting, I think you'd probably be even more interesting if I break down on your business and solve the specific problem you're struggling with right now just like I did for them. Doesn't cost you anything. You can apply at viralcoach.com/ >> I just made it up. >> Yeah, I I'm literally just making this up right now. What's the backlink be? >> Reach out. >> Reach out? Nah, too many too many letters. Reach out. >> You want one word. >> One word. >> Yeah, I'D SAY >> OH! >> PERFECT. >> viralcoach.com/yeap Apply.

  Top Comments:
  1. @olivergerrardlongworth [1 likes]: Thank you for taking the time to speak Daniel, it honestly was one of the most valuable conversations I've ever had, and perfectly timed too. Now I've got:

• 20 ad scripts written and ready to record where I'll be talking to the camera
• 50+ new video ads being edited which I'll be launching this week in the formats we discussed 
• My editor scraping my entire YouTube channel to find clips from my organic content that can be used as ads
• An intense desire to turn everything into ads now lol

Plus, I've got job ads up in preparation for hiring my first fulfilment A player. I'll check back in a month from now and let you know how it all goes!
  2. @manuelpistner7984 [1 likes]: Great video again, thanks! Is it OK from your perspective to put all creatives in one adset or better split them up in single adsets? And instead of targeting product aware people with a direct pitch on the ad, do you also go up the awareness ladder and mix in creatives for solution aware or even problem aware and unaware people? Much appreciate you sharing your knowledge!
  3. @mushahid_: Daniel, been applying almost everything you put out and it WORKS. Ad structure, sales team setup, landing page, all of it.🙌

I run a 500k/yr real estate marketing agency that operates almost exactly like VC, just smaller. 
Happy love to fly up to Alaska and shoot a live breakdown of how we can scale.

Haven’t come across anyone who’s this excellent and this relatable at the same time.
  4. @Numerous23: Your  loop video format ia still giving us the cheapest leads for the last 6 months! 🙌🏻  Listening to you always brings New ideas, like having a brainstorm together! Thank you Daniel!
  5. @YoussefDoesBusiness: Awesome! Already submitted the loom :) 

Hope a business of my size wouldn't DQ

- Breaking Down This Surprisingly Effective Product Ad: Kind: captions Language: en All right, let's talk about feet. That is what today's video is about. This a video ad that we did for New uh and a little bit different to what we normally do for them. We normally do like a lot of demo footage, lots of different UGC creators, like mashup style ready kills for them. But this video is actually picking up uh a little bit of steam, which is really good to see. So, I want to break it down, show you how you did it, and why we did it. Silk is engineered to do one thing, fix your feet instantly. With a high-speed roller spinning at 2,000 RPM, it removes years of built-up skin in just seconds. Unlike other tools, it's designed to deliver instant results through precision powered exfoliation. All you need is 5 minutes and your feet feel brand new. It's like getting a salon pedicure in the comfort of your home. You should give Silk a try. It's totally risk-free. So, why is this a good video and how did we make it? Well, how we made it, we hired someone who had crusty feet to come into the office into the studio. Uh we had a black background, nice spotlight. They are my hands which are doing the uh I got very very close to this actor. It's my hands here which are using the device. I put gloves on. It was very strange experience all around. Probably one of the weirder things I filmed. But the important thing here is that we back lit the foot. Right. So we have a light over here in the background and that's bouncing light onto the side of the foot. You can see here, right? What that's doing is even if there's not a lot of dust, even if there's a bit, it looks like there's more because we have, you know, it's it's just like it's just coming off because it's back lit, right? Then we used a probe macro lens for this. So, we were literally within like inches of the feet, the lens, but everything was still in focus and it looks super wide because that's what a probe lens gets you. And these are the kind of shots which are like so difficult to achieve without the right equipment which really helps you separate particularly for you know products and brands like this which are a lot of people replicate and they try to do this is making your creative mo much bigger because other brands just aren't able to replicate this type of stuff without a larger budget. So, the idea of this, like why we did this video was that we wanted to give it like a professional touch and we wanted like a weirdly like satisfying kind of ASMR style video. We've actually got a couple of variations of like a of this with like a whisper voice over and stuff that we're launching into the account soon. But yeah, that's the overall idea is something that looks like you you feel weird for watching it, but you kind of don't want to look away because it's really satisfying. And that was the idea. We want to get people watching and then we have this like weird massaging bit which again just like further sells how just like creepy it is kind of overall right. Um and so it is literally just a foot like that is going to stop the scroll if you just see a foot and then the voice over that goes along with it. We're just explaining why this is so great for your feet and what it does and how it does it. It's nothing crazy. It's nothing groundbreaking. This is mostly led by visuals. If you have a product that has a great demo like Newuv does, then you need to use that as much as you possibly can because that is what is going to entice people. That's what going to stop the scroll and eventually that's what's going to sell the product is these incredible demos of the product in you. So, if you have a if you have a product like this, then you need to use demos to sell it in as many different ways as you can. And the best part about this is now we've collected a load of footage like this that we can then reuse in further ads in the future.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ItsHazi-r2b [1 likes]: 🎉
  2. @natefighuereo4239: Hey Fraser. This is very valuable. So, can you make more videos on it? But instead breaking down the copy?
  3. @TheDeathCrafter: Hey! i love your content, but can you please stop putting feet and toes in the thumbnails...?

Thanks.

- The Psychology Behind Scroll-Stopping Meta Ads with Live Examples!: Kind: captions Language: en Hello Facebook people. I'm Gustad and today we're going to analyze together ads that have spent millions. Have you ever wondered how an ad that has spent million is looking? Have you ever wondered what kind of fun it had? Uh why people were clicking? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Let's go into my PC. Let's break down five of these ads that they have spent millions and millions from really well-known brands and we will take it from there. Hi guys. I would like to end out this video in order to talk to you about my Facebook ads course. It took me six months of video editing everything and three months of video shooting. And because of that, I have created the best Facebook ad course in the world. Inside you're going to find super advanced information, but information also for beginners. It takes you by the hand in order to teach you how to do Facebook ads from the beginner level to super advanced level. It has inside loom videos from cost caps, speed caps, loom videos from CBO, ASC optimization. It has chosen five sessions, inner circle sessions and it has a lot of theory with whiteboard also strategies that are working all of these years. Things that I have developed, things that I know that they're working because I have spent millions and millions of the platform. Currently, I'm spending between five and 10 million every month. Sometimes it's even more across 30 accounts and I have access to many many more. So I know what is currently working and draw the latest trends. And this is what I'm doing inside the course. I'm showing you live ad accounts with real spend and what is working right now. And if you want, you can click the link below. You can go and you can check some videos that I have open free for you so that you can check if you like the course or not and decide if you want to buy it or not. I will see you there. Okay, let's start with the first one. It's coming from a brand called Hu. If you don't know it, go check it. It's a massive brand. And basically here the target is the average British man. As you can see that not hitting your macros. Okay. And let's see the hook immediately. What percentage of our daily recommend amount of fiber do unicorn the average Brit gets. Okay. So it has also the source just so that it can be 50%. Well my answer is and it's not just a protein drink. It's a nutritional complete meal with everything your body needs including fiber. So what are we getting immediately that if you don't have the time if you have a fast life all of that you can go and you can go immediately to that. Now be careful of the different stages over here in Eugene V's five stages we have the unaware problem aware solution aware product aware and most aware this is coming to the mastering the unaware. So here you're not going to talk so much about the product but you're going to try to introduce the problem to the people. Somebody who is running every day with their job. Do they know about this? This is why it's giving you a fact. You are hurting yourself. You're doing something which is not correct. Maybe you don't know it. You're not aware. You are not aware of the problem. Okay. Tesco stores and it talks also about that. You can check it there and stuff. So this is an ad which is taking you inside the oh I didn't know about that am I one of the people that is getting only 50% should I take this do you know this is one of the ads that it has converted most more for hu and let's go check another one to another stage so in this one we're going to discuss about you are aware now that there is a problem okay and it's again about busy working individuals because this is what the brand is about How can you prepare meals which are nutritious? You uh and uh you're not getting fat because of them and stuff. And here is attack the enemy the junk food. Okay, so we have this looking fast food without junk fuel over here without junk. Hu has you covered. Okay, so this fast food you make it fast but it's also nutritious. It shows the alternatives over here which is the fast food or you can prepare something. I think it shows how super quick it is. I don't know if they're convincing a lot about the super tasty because it looks like uh it doesn't look so nice, but I think they could have done better work over here on this. The only thing that it's convincing that it's nice. Of course, at the end of the day, if you don't test it, you don't know if it's if it's nice or whatever. But for sure here, this is a nut that it has converted out for them. And this is a problem of where you know that there's a problem that I'm not eating properly because I don't have the time. I'm very busy. So I'm I'm introduced with the solution over here. And before we move to the next one, we can see that here the hook is super obvious. Okay. Looking for fast food. Fast food without the junk. Okay. So the hook is to address the problem. Agitation. No time for meal prep. Wasting money. Wasting time in cues to take products and stuff. Product introduction. Benefits. Quick and tasty. Product demonstration. So how to prepare it fast. uh and all the nutrients that you need with a call to action. Let's go to the next one which is coming to the solution aware uh stage over here and this is one that is having people who work with a nutritionist already and cook at home. For me, this is also the category of the people that they go to the gym and everybody's talking to them about you having to you have to prepare your meals and all of that. Hu is a better than cooking at home and cheaper than a nutritionist. So let's watch it first and then let's analyze it. It has a guy who is eating some leaves. So as you can understand immediately this is a hook. It's a visual hook immediately that it can capture someone to watch versus hu with nutritionist stuff preparing the meals. It shows how much time is taking instead of you have to go to the supermarket you have to go buy it you know and because it's like this you end up taking uh pizza or something like that. But there's an alternative to that because you're losing money on the fast food. What if you take Hu which is cheaper and you're going to eat healthier? Okay, so this is the alternative hook. Call to action. The current situation production comparison meal prep v ready in 30 minutes. Grocery shopping vs 1 minute online purchase no Friday takeaways v worryf free Friday takeaway 1000 spending nutritionist vs 2850 without all of that. Okay. And the feature is that it's formulated by a nutritionist. Now this is not your typical UDC. The US vsm concept is popular for static images which used a lot of but it's a great example of targeting an artist who's aware of the solution healthy eating through pre meal prep nutritioning and cooking at home but are not aware that you can replace all that for a fraction of the cost. Okay. So this is what they are attacking over here and uh this is why it has worked. As you can see the way you lock a solution aware market is by addressing a pre-existing desire within the headline of the static image or the hook of the video ad. Okay. So this is what we are having over here. Let's go to another brand. Let's go to loop which is uh basically ear plug just another simple product that is being sold as it's something uh which is producing crazy science. Let's go. Let's go with a fairly simple one. Okay. So, airport hack it says here. Okay. So, let's see it. I'm never taking a flight to the airports which are chaotic. Without this, there's noise, stress, all of that. So, it's actually finding you a problem. Have you ever thought that the airports are noisy and this is a problem for you? No. But now by watching the video, maybe you're thinking of it, okay, that you don't want to have that or maybe you're going to put it in a situation that's closer to that. Dive into your book, you know. Okay, that's it. So here we are creating the problem. Okay, mastering the unaware unaware people who don't know, they have a problem. Okay, so here we are telling them this is a problem. Okay, they don't know it. Frequent travelers airport hack hook uh open the videos sparking people's curiosity what should I never do again okay so problem introduction product introduction and this is how it works it has also another thing which actually intrigued me over here with this brand is that by testing they have find a different angle which was ravers listen now the crazy part so ravers go to the rave parties because they want to listen to music but the music is so loud that they have a problem about that so they end using this product and this company has found it after testing a different angles or maybe they have seen the for example the reviews as we do on the review cluster analysis uh video that uh that we are going to put a link below. They have seen that the reavers are the ones that they are actually converting because they they want to go hear the music but it's so loud so maybe they can go with noise cancellation and hear the music. Crazy stuff. Okay, so let's see another uh ad about this. Let's see this one. flavors, loud music and ringing ears, hook, relevant question, production, introduction, production, uh, functionality, uh, and so on. Okay, let's see. If you spend time around loud music and loud sounds, you're going to need this. I found the sound to be obnoxious loud at most courses and clubs. Allows me to enjoy the music, the loop, without dealing with the car fatigue after. uh even even when I'm on road and traveling they help blah blah. So it it just shows now this guy is walking on the street. It's not loudy. It's a streets of India which if you have been there you know that they're really loud all the time. So this is the one and this is on the stage that there are people that they're aware about this. Okay. This is though the introduction over here. This lady over here that is not wearing a lot of clothes. Anyway, this one that says styles accessory ravers. Okay, so it wears it also as accessory, but it's also introducing that you can wear this into a rave party. Okay, in tomorrowland as it says ruins a closet for me. So she talks about that. Okay, so it's she also uses the same color. It shows that it has colors and stuff and is not using that this is another angle that you can sell it. Who would thought of that, right? that uh you're creating this product and you will end up sending it to Ravers. Okay, let me show you another angle and then we will close the video. They have also this angle which I don't want to focus on because it's a sensitive uh subject but uh I'm just throwing it here so that you can uh think of it. Look on another clever clever angle which is just going to be applied to because okay this is about a chef which is working on a loud kitchen and all of that and uh maybe in real life it's not going to work but who knows maybe you have to hear what is happening within the kitchen but here a lot of other uh jobs they're going to say oh I'm a waiter maybe I should wear this or I'm I'm working there I'm working on construction maybe I I should work I should wear it for example and stuff. So let's see this video over here. People working on a restaurant real challenge loop. Stop feeling overstimulated at work. Do not to necessary noise. Okay, we have no mixups. Everything is fine because you're wearing it. The man loves them, too. I don't know if he's a waiter or a or a Seph. I guess he's not a Se. He's a waiter. If you go somewhere and you you are calling to the waiter and he's not uh he's not turning, maybe he's wearing the loop. Okay. So, people working at restaurant, people owning a restaurant, stop feeling over stimulate at work. Prevent your team from feeling over stimulate at work. Hook introducing the problem. Uh agitation, trouble focusing. uh if you have ADHD which is another completely different angle that you can approach for this product. uh product introduction benefit tune out of the uh of the noise but still hear the important stuff friends at work wear them too which is the social proof work is less stressful no more mixups your manager will also love it and call to action so that's it I hope you got an idea of how these companies are using the different angles the different hooks and they are trying to sell the product from different perspectives because this is what I'm also teaching people to do uh with different angles until now in theory. Now I'm showing a little bit more of creatives so that you can understand what I'm talking about. If you don't know how to do your creatives, reach out to me. I'm working with a very big agency. We are uh doing creatives also uh UGC videos whatever uh helping brands scale because uh I was just telling them all of this kind of stuff and they were giving me bad creatives. So I started also uh producing creatives while I was doing ads for some companies and it worked. So if you are one of them let me know and I will see you for the closing of the video. As you can understand it's August. I'm trying to make more relaxed videos so that you can have your fun relax and stuff. There is no point to talk about crazy methods optimization and stuff. Let's all relax. Q4 is coming. We will talk a lot about this. Then I'm focusing more on creatives right now. a little bit of you starting preparing about the different creatives that you need to start creating from the Q4 and it's a more relaxed topic. Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my course where we are analyzing things like that and we are of course talking about other things like the crazy method optimization as I said earlier which you're going to use both in the next Q4. Below you can see all the testimonials from the people that have completed and if you're still hesitant you can go and you can click the link to check the free course which is part of the main course and you can decide if you like it or not. Also I have my mentorship programs. I don't know if I'm going to have open spots for Q4. Right now I have one spot or two. Uh but uh I believe that maybe these spots are going to be depleted at the start of September. So I cannot promise uh when this video is going to go live or whatever. I don't know. You can check below order the smallers from the people that they have completed them. Daily calls optimizing daily. It's for higher spenders, the people that they are spending more. This is why it's so expensive and this is why it's going to stay forever so expensive. Until we meet again, guys, be creative and be consistent. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @KonstantinosDoulgeridis [1 likes]: Hey everyone, I hope you enjoyed this video! I created a FREE Facebook ads course for you! Enroll right now using this link: https://www.facebookads-master.com/offers/rWxzLAcb/checkout

- Why Most Ads Fail Marketers Forget They're Users Too: Kind: captions Language: en Yeah, it's often it feels very tonedeaf of what we go home and consume. So you have a marketing team that's agreeing to do things. And when I was part of marketing teams, we did this homepage takeovers and ads that we thought, you know, you you wait for the reveal till the 20th second cuz that's when you really hook them in. You really view the way you look at your brand in your 9 to5 is very different to when you actually go home and you're 5 to9 and you're scrolling yourself. you're regularly making decisions as a marketer to like ignore, ignore, ignore, yet we constantly find getting ad creative that's approved that has that sort of frame of reference. Another really interesting piece that came out of Khan's I saw some mention of some research that was showing that hey, you can build a brand through micro ads. So the research came out and said 10 seconds is the optimal time and so don't focus on making 30 to 45 second spots. Focus on 10 seconds. made me laugh in the sense that I know exactly what will happen. It will filter through to best practices. The holding company, media companies, and creatives will start requesting we need 10-second ads and it will completely miss the actual insight of why it's 10 seconds. It's not a 10-second ad because that's what it is in length. This isn't just let's get you 30 second TVC and make it 10 seconds. It's actually thinking about what is a great ad that goes for 10 seconds. What is the actual structure of that? And I think that piece continues to be massively missed and is probably the biggest opportunity. If we talk about creative being the biggest growth lever, if you're wanting to advertise your brand and build brand affinity, having these micro ads of 10 seconds is is great as long as you've thought about what that 10 seconds is. And I'd argue if you've structured that really well, you've got a hook, a hold, and a call to action. Whatever that call to action might be, whether it's just purely knowing the brand exists, that could still be 30 seconds, 1 minute. I don't agree with the 10 seconds as the that's not the north star. We're not trying to make 10 seconds ads. We're trying to think about the structure of the ads. But what's your view on a 10-second ad being the right way for a brand to build? >> Yeah. So, I mean, it depends on the channel. So, for example, if we're talking about digital, you know, we're moving quickly. So, um we're scrolling, we're trying to find the content we're looking for, we don't get stuck on things. When it comes to TV advertising, for example, um I think things have changed materially in terms of the way TV advertising is done. And I don't believe that advertisers and agencies have recognized that. So, in the old days, you you would get up during the ad break, you'd make a cup of tea, you'd maybe put something in the microwave, put something away, whatever it is, but you sort of was still tuned into reality. You could hear what was going on in the background. And for TV ads, it was all about building in to the call to action and then finally, you know, you've got somebody's attention and can um capture them. I think that's different now. So, people tune out. They they during the ad breaks, they go on their phone, they go on their tablet, they uh they really tune out until their programming comes back. So there's a big in my view a big shift to needing still needing an interruption early on in the ad. So um we could call that the thumb stop ratio for TV ads in the sense that um if you don't grab somebody in the first 3 to 10 seconds, they're probably not going to even hear your message by the time it gets to the end. Um you want to capture their attention and then have creative content that's actually going to engage them all the way through the ad. Um I think that's entirely different to the way it used to be. Uh, and I don't think anybody's really picked up on

  Top Comments:
  1. @RichardFedorko: Nice :)

- Breaking Down a Product Ad That Turns Tradition Into Conversion: Kind: captions Language: en All right, let's break down this video that we made for Kolkata Chai. Let me tell you some behind the scenes, uh, as well as the decisions that we made creative strategy-wise and why it worked out so well. So, let's give this a quick little watch first. When grandma makes chai, you listen. She's been making chai for decades, perfecting it, mastering it, and now she's discovered something even better. A chai that stays true to the roots and saves her tons of time. Kolkata Chai is by far the most authentic chai she's ever tasted. Crafted just like it's been made for generations. The kind of chai you'd find on the streets of Kolkata. That's why grandma trusts it. She knows chai better than anyone. And this is how she makes it with Kolkata chai. All right. So that's the video uh that we made for Kolkata Chai. We shot everything that you see there in our studio. Uh so let me tell you a bit about behind the scenes of how we did it. So, first of all, casting the most essential thing. Um, this lady uh was a great find by our team. Um, she grew up in India. Uh, I think she traveled about an hour or two uh to get here and shoot with us. And she was incredible. She like So, we made a couple of videos with her. One of them was where we she essentially made like she made chai traditionally how it's meant to and then she made chai uh with kolkata chai and we compare the difference and she brought all of her stuff from home in order to make it amazing. Um so brilliant cast. What we really wanted to do, as you can see here, when grandma makes chai, you listen, we we want to show how authentic Kolkata chai is. And and so how we did that was we cast someone that actually drinks chai and is a grandma. Like we cast the exact person to make this. Um so that's one of the main reasons why it was successful. We also put this like old style film feature on stuff um you know to show her making it to make it seem kind of like the past. Then we have this transition here into the future which is with Kolkata because we want to show the these are all the steps that you'd usually have to go through to make chai. This is how long and tedious the process is. But here it has all of this in it and it's just a bag and all you do is that and that's it. You add some milk and you have cockatai. That's it. That's like the main bulk of the advert. So, we're again, we shot this all in our studio. It took us a couple of hours. We like built this like little like kitchen kind of set. Um, we had we actually did this only with one camera, even though it kind of looks like we did it with multiple. We just got her to do the same thing over and over again with a different c uh camera angle. Um, and then also then we have these like really cool product shots which we shot as well. This one literally camera was above. Uh, let's play it. Camera was above and it took me and Nick. Oh god. I a lot of tries to get like a nice solid like bo like right. So piled all the cinnamon up there in the middle and then dropped it. Uh, same one here. We just like blew a load of cinnamon around basically. Um but the strategy behind this is simple. Okay, the idea is Kolkata chai is real chai. And this is the stuff that tastes the exact same way that it should do. It's not just coffee shop chai. And so we wanted to hark back to first of all to the founders like main story about this, right? their grandma used to make them actual chai but then they couldn't you know they were never able to find it at home and so we hark back to that so this entire thing is almost like a reenactment of like childhood almost but most importantly right like there is going to be a lot of people from that heritage which suffer from the same problem that the founders have that they can't get you know maybe they live in New York City or they live in you know out in the sticks somewhere in the US and they simply can't get chai and they don't really know how to make it the same way that their parents used to make it. And so they miss that. And so we're harking back to that in this beginning part of the ad. And then like I mentioned, we want to demonstrate how difficult it was to make it, how many steps it took to make it, and now how easy it is to make it with cockat. And you notice that with the voiceover that we're going through. And then we just show all the ingredients looking really lovely. And then we have this like nice satisfying pouring shot. We've got her drinking it and really enjoying it. Then we got a lovely like product shot. Right, this is the We just wanted to make a studio video that looked nice, but also had a story and a reason to exist other than just pretty shots, which is often, you know, like I'm guilty of this. We've done that a lot in the past where it's just been like a sequence of really nice shots and they don't really convert. So, we added something a little bit different just to give the brand some depth. When I talk about creative diversity, this is exactly what I mean. Like, this is creative diversity at its core. You're trying different angles. You're trying stuff that you've never done before. Because by doing that is how you discover new demographics to sell to. It's how you discover new winners and how you discover just like new winning formats. If the brand never tried this, they would have never known whether it worked or it didn't work for them. And that is what creative testing is all about. Don't go into it to find a winner. Go into it for learnings. And that's the key here. Okay. So, that's a video that we did for Kolkata Chai. Uh remember if you want something like this and you happen to be spending over about 70k on paid media, I would love to have a conversation with you. And there's a link uh down below, fraggle.com, if you just want to type that in to apply to work with us. I would absolutely love to chat.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vinicius-R1203: It was great learning from you, hugs from Brazil!!

- CREATIVE AGENCY REVIEWS TIKTOK VIDEO ADS THAT MAKE US CRINGE - The Scroll-Stopping Show (Ep. 1): Kind: captions Language: en what's going on guys welcome to the scroll stopping Show episode one we're gonna be reviewing some ads with you guys we want to keep this really casual we make about 2500 video ads a year so out of that we've learned a lot about what works what doesn't work what to look out for when you're making ads as an e-commerce brand and what you should go for when you're making your ads so we're going to dive into quite a few today why we like them what we don't like about them what we would have changed as well as the framework that makes them so successful so today is our guest we've got someone from our very own creative team Ron so Ron's going to be walking through some of these ads today with me he helped pick these out we've hand selected what we think are going to be a good spread of ads that are going to show a couple different Frameworks that we like that we don't like Etc so let's dive in so first up from Sand Cloud let's give it a play hmm [Music] foreign definitely very visually interesting and I think they did a good job at kind of showcasing all the features really quickly and really simply it's not too often you see ads for towels any doubt ahead of like a why is this a towel ad he cleared up pretty quickly I really like this one I think this perfect example of a use case ad just showing all of the different places especially that kind of natural transition almost like a tick tock like transition which is obviously trending right now that reminds me of like those disappearing dog videos where you like throw up the towel and your your dog thinks you are like gone into the abyss or the upside down I think it was seamless enough where you know visually it was appealing and then yeah it just kind of as it's doing that talking about the copy obviously they're using an attractive model that's going to help get people to stop a little bit one thing I noticed is very bright colors like yeah it's a very vibrant ad pretty much every scene in this was really showcased using not only the colors of the environment but also the towels themselves and then the next shot is transitioning with for one really bright bold blue copy which I think grabs attention almost has that Tick-Tock feel you can tell it was done in post because it just doesn't match exactly right but gives you enough of the impression of like Tick Tock yellow you know blanket colorful outfit really green grass I mean I think they just really like hit it out of the park with the colors good color choices for sure yeah and then you know towards the end adding in a little bit of social proof this is something you don't see in a lot of use case videos but I think this Rapport this to you hey we have over 500 000 customers that are satisfied review section doesn't take away from the pacing of it at all either it's no it just feels like seamless like you oh no nice transition on Stars I always think that does really good animation really when it comes down to scroll stopping the hook and the visual aspect of your very first shot is probably the most important they did both of those really well with uh you know for one a towel floating in a pool it's very like what's going on here I want to learn more about this also you know blonde girl in a bikini swimming under the towel that's going to grab attention I mean even even the opening frame is like a obviously the text Will point you to like can your towel do this and you don't really have too much comparison about a towel um so just seeing a towel float that opening frame not even just the whole shot just the frame is enough honestly my impression I would definitely stop scrolling on this so is this a scroll stopper for you yeah absolutely okay so next up we're going to check out an ad by swabs looks like a shoe company maybe similar to like an all birds let's just go ahead and give them a play see that that this is this is proof of targeting ads I am very specific about what shoes I wear to the airport for the sake of going through security so I saw a shoot and I saw one less thing to worry about an airport and I was like all right I guess I'll watch the whole thing another use case ad really more a day in the life like I think this yeah I mean it shows the different use cases of the product but more than anything it's showing here is how I use this shoe all throughout my day uh it's a tragedy framework that's been around for you know years in the performance video space so I think they put a nice Twist on it gave it that ugc feel in my opinion a very strong visual hook they're twisting a shoe I do think that kind of um Boomerang goes on a little bit too long and if for a second I was thinking the whole ad was going to be that Boomerang just because of the way you know lingered probably one one too many Loops there again ideal hooks are going to be about two to three second range and then move to the next shot and start to introduce the product start to talk about you know the features and the benefits um so at least they're introduced seeing the product slightly but it is a kind of drawn out shot I think they kind of get away with this because they're using Dynamic copy here so they're saying one less thing to worry about at the airport on the trip at home so they're changing something about the video yeah I will say though because I watched this a few times at this point um it took me a few times to notice that the copy was changing because I was looking at the shoe it looped it kept looping and it was like you know it's visually interesting but it kind of was too I couldn't focus on the copy and the copy doesn't change a lot so I think like I saw I saw airport and then I started watching The Loop and then I didn't notice it changed to at home at you know wherever you're going definitely a good example of when multivariate testing is going to be key like I think testing this shot testing a shot with just one of those lines of copy against this longer shot with three you know changes in the copy against another shot of the shoe doing something with a single line of copy is going to be a perfect you know a B test to do your hooks with and you know on that note again multivariate test as many hooks as you possibly can you want to make sure you're testing you know this shot against this copy against this copy against this shot um you know I think you just can't go wrong are you testing Hooks and it works but I think they tested all three of them in one video yeah they tried a little too much but yeah I think the the video flows well the pacing's really nice the shots are you know because the right once it cuts to that next part yeah everything flows really well I just think the opening Loop is a little bit too long because I focused on one copy point and then moved on but I do like the rest of it yeah the rest of it flows nice shows a male she was a female shows it outside shows the inside really again that all-day effect like you're kind of you know you can take these things all day which is the day in the life concept we're talking about how can you take the product all throughout your day so yeah I think they did good I'd probably stop you know I'd say it's a it's a good scroll stopper just from the visual hook not my favorite that I've ever seen but I would stop I would say maybe because I was saying the loop goes on long enough to where I thought that would have been the whole video and I would have just thought okay I saw the whole thing I could have yeah scroll past it you know we'll come we'll call it a scroll stopper though so next up we've got one from fabletics a lot of popularity in recent years this Brand's definitely taken off but yeah let's give it a play and see what we think thank you the the hook calling out a different company is definitely enough to get somebody's attention so saying it's like that but not expensive is really good copy for somebody who's like kind of on the fence for these like athletic wear type of thing yeah no I agree I like calling out the competitor you know obviously that's a great area sometimes from a legal perspective you know take your own risk when you're gonna put you know competitor's name in your ads but I think it worked well that they used to really bold white font slightly backlit with some black on top of some bright orange with a dude with a chiseled eight-pack definitely grabs your attention um I think where they transition after this is personally where I start to lose a little bit of interest um you know it goes from this very visually appealing hook straight into this like triple shot that has a video on top and two texts on the bottom and I think this collage style shot has worked in the past I don't know if it gets conversion as well now so I don't think I would click but I probably would stop and get to this point and then realize like this is an ad there's way too much going on here I don't want to read all this there's too much too much text too much numbers this like new VIP online offer is like really small it's got to be like font size six and it just like really feels like an ad at this point and I'm sure there's different colors of this but they only showed the orange exactly and it kind of makes the shots look way too similar they're different framings and everything but when it's all going out at once you're just kind of focused I kind of just focus on the Plus in between the two for 24 and the 70 off it's hard to focus anything else because it just looks like orange surrounding the text I I like it I think I would have loved to see a little more like diversity in the colors here yeah um they've got some good diversity in the talent which is always good I just like I think for one it's just a confusing shot on the bottom left I don't understand what they're showing maybe that's the stretchy blingers just like is there the whole time honestly I don't I think this ad would have performed a lot better personally if they just stuck with what was up top there and added a couple lines of copy on top but I wouldn't consider this a scroll stopper uh overall so personally Hook was good if you're gonna take any notes the hook was solid but you know it kind of kind of lost me after that point so next up we've got true classic a very well-known uh men's t-shirt brand that is grown in popularity and it looks like they're gonna be adopting a three reasons why framework which is a I think this is a slightly higher produced spin on obviously The Tick Tock trending framework of like Hey we're gonna do a ugc style three reasons why they took this a step further and they're doing this uh in almost a studio setting so yeah let's give it a play good shots they showed pretty much everything they needed to to convince somebody who was like me who gets their ads in my email every day to maybe go to the website I really liked this one I think they start with a pretty good side-by-side book in my opinion they're desaturating that left side classic you know side-by-side move to just show how you know this one's a little bit less fun from a vividness perspective and our product you know you're gonna look tanner you're going to look better et cetera I think the model they used is good showing a you know slightly older demographic you know salt and pepper dilfi kind of look I think is going to sell some people so um I liked the hook I liked how they started it with three reasons why you know I'd be curious to see how this performs because typically again when you see a three reasons why video it's going to be very organic style you're gonna have the captions on top of the video it's going to look like Tick Tock style captions they took a slightly more produced approach with the headline caption on top of the video so hard to tell how this actually performs I mean I really like it I think they again have just some really clean shots front seats to the gun show gotta love it dude's got some tats he's having a good time he's like you know boxes it's fun probably never throwing a punch in his life but you know he learned for today he learned for today and he's got a tattoo I don't know yeah he might have it like I was saying the front uh looks good on white but I feel like they could have done something to make it pop because there's a few shots in front of a white t-shirt with white text a little hard to read a little harder I like the font yeah good font choices good side like everything it's framed well nothing's really good the music is solid damn good like they just have fun you know engaging I feel like copy for that demographic they're going after and you gotta love when the logo is behind yeah a little masking action yeah gotta gotta love that always looks good always looks good I'd be curious on the performance of it I'd love to see how this actually compares to something a little more organic you know if we were going to be doing this we'd probably have the same Talent also film something on an iPhone and maybe you know um you know talk to the camera we cut it up a little more Tick Tock Style with the same shot same copy same captions but make it seem a little less produced and uh and test the two side by side I'd I'd consider this a scroll stopper I guess girl stopper for YouTube next up we've got one from bird dogs let's check it out have you ever met Miss Lindy she's a guy with a pirate hair now she stands [Applause] it's a good one I feel like bird dogs they don't miss when it comes to like their their skit content they've always crushed it in my opinion I don't know who's producing their content but shout out you guys are doing a good job with your humor writing and it didn't start out that's not anything it just seemed like it was going to be I mean a very nice but very run-of-the-mill like look at this chance and here's some some text but then it cuts to this shot and I'm like that feels different and then it hits them yeah it's great that's good I've actually seen them I want to say chop up some variations of this one before too like I've seen them use this part of the video forward where it's like you know the cake and surprise and knock this one out of the ambulance which is hilarious with different intros to the video as well so I think they've done a little bit of multivariate testing and maybe this one's doing really well for them but to that point too the earlier part of the video could also be a good Standalone out of my opinion like yeah that's what I thought was going to be from a use case perspective it's good this is really nice looking for the background music to and it just like yeah the text Pops a little bit as the scene changes like perfect use case ad that then turns into a skit so really interesting hybrid between these two again use case showing off the various pants and various environments and then you know just kind of catches you off guard with his skit and I think it just as a customer sells you on the brand like you're buying into this like fun young bro you know type brand yeah that that's an ad that like you you might stay for the sweatpants but when you get to that party like okay I like this brand let me just let me see what else they have in their catalog and I think dedicated I think I've clicked on one of their ads like this before too so I've not only stopped but I would definitely click on this I'll stop again I'll stop again if I see it again I'm gonna be curious now because I'm gonna be like are they gonna knock the guy out and something happened is the plot change you never know well that's all we got for you guys today uh you know I think these are some great ads we looked through some things we would have changed for sure some things we loved hopefully lots of takeaways in terms of how you're crafting your ads as you're watching the show if you have any ads of your own brand you want us to review definitely send them in to us you know hit me up on Instagram justinreels or you know you can send them to baxa digital you can leave a comment down here with a link yeah leave a comment leave a link we will watch everything you send us and bring them onto the show and gladly rip on you if we don't like your ad yeah terrible taste in it if you have terrible tasted ads we will let you know to choose a new career path or just come hire us uh but that being said we had a great time today Ron thanks for hopping on and giving your two cents on things and well we'll see you next time for uh episode two of the scroll stopping show bye bye guys all right guys so if you liked what you saw today make sure you subscribe and click that little bell to turn on notifications so you know when the next episode episode 2 of The Scroll stopping show drops also we would love if you give us a follow on Instagram at vaxa digital as well as my personal IG at justinreels if you want to see more of this video content so that being said guys bye bye

- I tested over 1000 ads. Here are the hooks ACTUALLY making MONEY: Kind: captions Language: en Every single hook in this video is something that we have tested and I can confirm is a winner. So, most media buyers and creative strategists think that you need to state your problem right away or even show your product or service within the first 5 seconds of the video to accurately target it to your consumers. However, with the rise of Meta's new algorithm that they call Andromeda, this is actually changing quite a bit. And now, in order to be truly scalable, you need to make content that targets and converts users that are a lot higher up in the funnel. So, my teams have tested like almost over 5,000 ads this year alone, and these are the ones that are converting today on Meta Ads. Let's dive into the first one. I actually already used it on you when you clicked on this video, and that is going to be the investment hook. So these hooks essentially explain the investment meaning time or money that it took for someone to find the solution to their problem which is going to be your product or service. Now the best way to find these investments is to upload a CSV of all your customer reviews and search for the failed attempts that a user went before they found your product or service. And this type of hook is going to do two things. Number one, it's going to target the right users on meta ads who also had those same previous failed attempts. And the second thing, it's going to create a lot of trust with the customer because if they know the creator or the brand's investment, they actually inherently trust the product and service a lot more, especially if their journey is also mimicking this. Now, some of my best ad inspiration lately has not been coming from foreplay or the ads library, but instead has been coming from YouTube, specifically the title and thumbnail combination, as well as looking at what type of content is really picking up speed on Tik Tok shop. Those Tik Tok shop creators are crazy good at direct response marketing. These investment hooks are an absolute must test. I actually try them out almost every single time I'm onboarding a client because they have such a high hit rate. But this next hook that I'm going to show you guys has actually become the top performing and spending ad in several accounts recently. Candidly, I almost don't want to share it. And that is going to be the scam hook. Now, the word scam is probably one of the best visceral trigger words that you can use in your advertising today. It really stops you in your tracks for better or worse. And the reason why boils down to two key factors. Number one, you're going to be triggering loss aversion. Seeing the word scam generates these feelings that you're afraid of being cheated on or that you're being taken advantage of and our brain wants to resolve whether or not we're at risk. And number two, it also creates a great curiosity. So if you say, "I thought this was a scam," it creates this unresolved tension for the users and they can't help but figure out why it wasn't a scam. This is one of those hooks that is candidly so easy to test out that you could probably get your teams to do it tomorrow. just do an iteration on a top performing video. However, I'm going to be honest. None of these hooks in this video are really going to do anything unless you understand this next key point, which is the true hook structure. Your hook is actually these four things that are happening within the first 3 seconds of any piece of video content. Number one, the text overlay hook. Number two, the sound hook. Number three, the visual hook. And then number four is the vibe of the hook. Right? This is something that I actually learned from Callaway. So this is going to be the combination of the lighting, the text overlay, font choices, just like the overall vibe of it. Now, something that I will say is when we are talking about these hooks in general, we are talking about the verbal hooks or the text overlay hooks. Now, I've actually found that by changing the visual hook, this actually tends to have a bigger impact on performance than the text overlay hook or the verbal hook. Essentially, the best hooks show, they don't tell. So, I've partnered with Story Blocks to actually show you some of my favorite strategies for injecting those visual hooks that really get people to stop. And with these, you can instantly implement them without having to fumble through extra software. It is literally just as easy as signing up for Story Blocks and downloading the video clip. Number one, any type of drip content, especially if you can have the drip just like hanging on for dear life. And then the squeeze. Now, sometimes I actually like to speed this up and then also reverse it. And the third one is the abstract surreal art clips. I found that this is really good, especially if you're talking about something that's highly emotional. And then the last one are explosion clips. And I particularly like these fruit explosion clips. Now, what I will say is I've actually found that it's slightly better to use these explosion hooks after your initial first hook. So, something that we talked about in my previous video on hooks, the multiple hook is something that I see working really, really well. And a really cool way that you could do that is to choose one of the hooks from this video and then also pair it with an explosion hook. That tends to really keep people hanging on for the rest of that video. Storylocks has millions of instant video clips, images, and templates that don't feel like AI. And they are of course 100% legal for commercial use even in ads unlike some AI tools unfortunately. And candidly even if you get one winning ad the subscription is going to pay for itself multiple times over. To get unlimited downloads at one flat rate check out storyblocks.com/dora Denny. And this next hook is another one that I learned from YouTube. Again taking inspiration from titles and I have really been getting a lot of great inspiration from YouTube lately. Hint hint. And that is the give me time hooks. This one actually resulted in a top performer/spender for a brand recently. And I've seen it work pretty well across multiple industries. And essentially what you're doing here is you're asking for an upfront time commitment to either entertain or educate someone. And what I really love about these is that users tend to inherently commit a lot more time to these videos, which results in a lot higher hook and hold rates. And number five, POV, you hate X. Now, a really interesting statistic that I discovered was when I was analyzing all the top performing creative from all these ad accounts, something like 10 to 15% of all of them had the phrase POV in it. And because of this, now this is something that we're really starting to test. And almost every single round of initial video creative, we always make sure we have one of these POV ads in there essentially. And now pairing that with the word hate is also really smart because that is a really really powerful trigger word. But even a simple I hate XYZ has worked really well for a number of brands that I work with too. Which brings me to our next few hooks. These are actually going to be the best hooks that I've seen with both partnership ads as well as founders ads content because this is the type of content that I really see moving the needle across the board across all industries. Essentially, both of these strategies are must tests in the ad account, which is why I wanted to include them specifically. So, for founders content, I would make sure that you are always testing your round of founders content with these few hooks. Number one, explain why you built this company from the get. Again, this is very often going to show the multiple failed attempts that someone went through to eventually realize that they themselves needed to create this product, which is probably going to mimic a lot of your customer's journey. Another one is kind of controversial. I actually highly recommend that you always include a hook that has the founder introducing themselves and that they are the founder of the brand. This is one that actually I've heard a lot of marketing gurus say that you need to avoid because no one cares. But every time I end up testing this one, it often will become a top performer because again, I feel like initially it doesn't feel like an ad. It feels a lot more like that organic founder style content. And I've noticed especially in the US, we really champion entrepreneurs. They are like rock stars to us in many ways. Which is why when we see someone else on this entrepreneurial journey, we tend to listen in, especially if they're someone that is aspirational to us or someone who reminds us a little bit of ourselves. Another thing I'll say too is make sure that you have the name and that they're the founder in text overlay. This is something I've actually split test a lot and I find that it almost always outperforms not having it. Now, I do have an entire video that breaks down exactly how you can approach founders ads content even if you're not super comfortable on camera. I even give a full script that you can mad li that has resulted in tons of revenue for brands, even ones that are just starting off. So, be sure to take a look at that video. And next up, partnership ads. Now, partnership ads are my number one suggestion for brands this year to make sure that they really have on lock because this is the thing that is separating brands that are scaling and thriving with Meta and the ones that are playing it on hard mode. And the great thing is too is that you can do partnership ads for free. You can run it with your founders content. You can make your own publications. There are many different ways for you to utilize partnership ads, but it is imperative that you do so. However, if you want to start investing in creator content, which ultimately should be your goal in the long term, these are the type of hooks that I see work really, really well. And the first one is actually inaction hooks. So, if you're working with a creator, be sure to put them in the action of their everyday. So, have them doing an activity, have them getting in the car. What I've really noticed is that it doesn't signal an ad if you have them making similar to their organic style content. And this is a really great way to have your product or service fit in a little bit more seamlessly to their everyday, which will make it a much better partnership than them just doing an ad read. And number eight is the emotional hook. I was going to try and cry for this one, but I just I just don't have it in me. I'm sorry. Now, these ads really work because they create a huge emotional cliffhanger. Candidly, strong reactions from others tend to result in a really strong reaction to another person, which will often hook people into watching your video because they want to figure out what's going on. So things like people are mad at me because or why did I start crying when these are actually really big trends that I saw on organic social that have translated really well to creative that converts on meta. And hook number nine is the why did no one tell me hook. Now this hook creates cognitive dissonance and is essentially suggesting or implying that the audience also might be being misled by something. So of course this gap forces our brains to lock in so that we can resolve that tension. Another thing too is this also positions the creator as the authority. So again if you have found that authority angles work really well in your ad account but you can't always work with you know a big creator or influencer or professional. Even working with a creator that says a hook like this can often be just as impactful. These really feel like you're accessing insider knowledge. And number 10 is the if you hook. Essentially, this is going to shortcut your targeting on meta because it's triggering the tribal identity. Right? If you're saying if you're over 40 or if you're someone who hates, it instantly makes people self- select into a group. I would try doing this in terms of demographic angles as well as those from more of a problem solution orientation. And that's it. I am super curious to hear which hooks you guys are going to try out next. And if you guys end up testing any of these, let me know. My food's here. I got to go. Love you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [34 likes]: Tell me your brand and I will make a hook for you if you're sub'd :)
  2. @world_of_finance_ai: fantastic video
  3. @alexanderfallaria5657: Hey Dara, I was just wondering if you already work with a video editor.
If not, I’d be stoked to collab and cook up something cool with you.
What do you think?
  4. @JeremyZuzek: here after meta stopped letting me do the "wave" HEY (target Market) ad coppys i stole off you for 12 months and made crazy money <3
  5. @WorkModedtc: toop dara
  6. @aneb3389: active in spanish please!
  7. @samcdb: fire
  8. @coach_frankbielefeld: What is the best Hook for an Business Coach for an META Ad?   Thanks
  9. @MaroArmoni: You’re the hooks Queen 👑
  10. @LiliBalfour: I like when brands show the founders. You can relate to their story and it makes you want to root for them.
  11. @giordanomad2: Great video
  12. @SergioTrujillo11: Glad I found you. Love your stuff. Nicely distinct from the meta and digital bros shouting at me on YT! :)
  13. @iambobjchina: It's truly helpful for DTC seller
  14. @convertandscale: Ahhh I just spotted myself at 10:24, thank you for featuring me!! 🤩
  15. @ugcbycarli: Our ads were rejected when we said, “I thought this was a scam.” Maybe because the topic is finance?
  16. @lanzosydney: @dara I'm working with a longevity powder supplement. What hook would you come up with ?:)

Also, where can I find those TikTok shop creators and look at their content?!
  17. @Zonadeing: I clicked but your tone its very annoying. Didn’t last 2 min
  18. @ZaidMirza-me5tq: Hey Dara, 
I noticed some improvements that can be made in this video to make it more understanble with story telling visuals. Do you wanna hear how your content can be improved so much and how to use this content for more growth?
  19. @Nick_Dara_Alex_Barry_uglyAds: I love breaking down hooks using the marketing basics from the Breakthrough Advertising book. 

it's an excerice I do sometimes when I see an ad that's actually working.

Here is the breakdown of this Ad


Mass Market Desire

it’s all about that core desire to look good, like wanting to ‘melt my FUPA.’ It’s tapping into that universal feeling of wanting to feel confident and happy with your body again.


Awareness Levels:

Strongest Appeal (Solution Aware):

This one’s for women who already know their struggle, menopause weight or that stubborn FUPA, and have tried stuff like supplements. 

The ad points out how frustrating it is to drop $874 on supplements that don’t work, then teases ‘THIS’ as the new, actually effective solution.

Problem Aware:

It calls out the pain points straight up, ‘Menopause’ and ‘FUPA’. and uses that big number ($874) to really hit home how annoying and urgent the problem is.


Sophistication Level:

Not Level 2: Goes beyond simple promises. it builds emotional tension with wasted money and failed attempts.

Closer to Level 3:

Audience is skeptical and jaded.

The hook contrasts failed “old mechanism” (supplements) with an implied new mechanism (the mysterious “THIS”).

This reframing positions the ad as a fresh, superior solution that cuts through doubt.

Persona:

this ad is talking to women dealing with menopause weight (like FUPA).
  20. @Omkarsingh95: Boring ads + good copywriting, always converts

- 10 Proven Video Hooks to Grab Your Audience's Attention: Kind: captions Language: en Video hooks are an essential element of any successful video. They're the first thing viewers see and hear, and they set the tone for the rest of the content. So without further ado, let's dive into the list of the 10 best hooks the teaser hook. This type of hook is designed to create suspense and curiosity and gives viewers a taste of what's to come leaving them wanting more. To the question hook asking a question and your video hook is a great way to engage viewers and get them thinking. Three the statistic hook using a surprising or shocking statistic can grab viewers attention and make them want to keep watching to find out more for the emotional hook. This type of hook appeals to viewers emotions whether it's through a heartwarming story or a very dramatic message. Five the personal story hook. Sharing a personal story or experience can help viewers relate to your content and feel more connected to you. Six the humorous hook. If you're looking to lighten the mood and make viewers smile using a funny hook is a great way to do that. Seven The scenic cook showcasing beautiful or breathtaking visuals in your video hook can immediately capture viewers attention at the testimonial hook. Using a customer or expert testimonial as your video hook can add credibility and authenticity to your content. Nine the action hook if you're showcasing your product or service using an action hook that shows it and use can be very effective 10 This price hook. Do you want to keep viewers on their toes? Consider using a surprise hook that reveals something unexpected. So there you have it the 10 Best Video hooks we hope this lesson was helpful. Make sure to use at least one of these hooks in your next video. Thanks for watching and follow for more

  Top Comments:
  1. @mariyahchen [19 likes]: Killer insights on those hooks! Getting that perfect start is key, right? I’ve been messing with Boost App Social for my intros. It’s clutch for keeping things fresh without the hassle.
  2. @thedailyslicedesigner [1 likes]: Great video! Easy to follow and to the point. The video left me wanting to see videos of what these hooks looks like in reality. Maybe show videos of you using each one of the hooks?
  3. @pasimtaim1086 [1 likes]: where's the bait? 🪤
  4. @renenova8683 [1 likes]: Waste of time. Show examples
  5. @heaktola-c6s [1 likes]: Hello
  6. @Bray2cool1 [1 likes]: Dude give actual examples of hooks please. 

This video negatively serves your audience
  7. @niyonsengajeanclaude: Hello
  8. @LoveMindsetTH: would love to see some real-world examples applied to popular videos! Thanks for sharing your insights!
  9. @0HHHSC: Fast and straight to the point. Right on man 🤝🏼🤝🏼
  10. @SandraAdams-n2o: Really helpful breakdown of different hook types - would love to see some real-world examples applied to popular videos! Thanks for sharing your insights!
  11. @MentecattaTV: Make some examples
  12. @rodneyitaki: Thank you
  13. @OliverBennett-q6u6p: Your hook examples were on point. Already reworking my headlines — this stuff works!
  14. @Moneymodenow: Lazy video.
  15. @Amazia_fens: Great vid. to the point. No BS. Thanks. I don’t usually comment but after noticing too many negative comments, someone needs to speak up for the good work. Keep it coming!
  16. @manalacazu: no examples...
  17. @MustExploreVisuals: We came here for a reason and u did not deliver basically fluff
  18. @elizanwayiezeagucomedy: I love it.
  19. @safakc8220: Imagine taking hook ideas from 1.6k sub channel
  20. @MinhHuongNguyen-ns3jy: Thanks for sharing ❤

- I studied 100+ hooks, this strategy will make you go viral: Kind: captions Language: en This is a hook and this is a hook. I've spent hundreds of hours scouring the internet to find the best hook strategies and the results have taken my views from this to this. In today's video, I'm going to break down how you can use hooks to get the same results. By the way, this video is sponsored by Story Blocks. More on them later. There has been a huge shift when it comes to how successful creators, keyword successful, have been approaching their hooks. And the shift is this. They are no longer thinking about hooks as a catchy sentence. Instead, they're thinking about hooks like a moment. So, it's a mixture of words, visuals, and pacing, which is designed to grab your audience's attention. Now, I'm not going to spend loads of time talking about why hooks are super important, because at the end of the day, you know why they're important. They take up those precious first few seconds of your content that are designed to grab your audience's attention. And if you don't do it well, people will scroll past your content, and you will not get the views, the engagement, and genuinely the recognition that your content deserves. So, let's break down what thinking of your hooks as a moment actually means. There are now three core elements that make up a fantastic hook. And again, I say now because previously there really was just one element which was saying a really catchy sentence, which is definitely something I was guilty of for years. I'm going to show you some examples later. Don't you worry. We're moving on from it being one catchy sentence to it being a whole moment. And there are three elements which make up that moment. There are the words that your audience can hear within the first few seconds of your content. There are the visuals. So, these are the stuff that people see on your content. And there's the pacing. So, this is how quickly you actually get through your initial hook and video intro. Now, I want to break each of these elements down further so that you can truly understand how to utilize each to create an amazing hook. And later on in this video, I'm going to share real life examples of my own content when I've done it well and when I've done it not so well. So, let's talk about the words first. So, these are things that you're either saying on camera or just words that your audience can hear within the first few seconds of your video content. In order for the words that your audience are hearing to be effective, you want them to be specific, surprising, and hopefully create a bit of tension. For example, instead of saying, "Here are three tips to grow on Instagram, this is one that I'm pretty sure I've probably used in the past, and you know what? Maybe that worked in the past. I'll give myself some grace." Nowadays, those words aren't going to cut it. Instead, you might want to say something like, "Here's the reason nobody cares about your Instagram posts." Do you see how much more dramatic that alternative option is? You essentially want to give all of your words like a bit of a drama test. Are they dramatic enough? Could you be a bit more dramatic in what you're saying and in your delivery? Honestly, the more dramatic it is, the more likely it is to actually capture people's attention and stop them scrolling. The second element is the visuals. This is the element that's the most new when it comes to how hooks are working on social media nowadays. Previously, words are enough and now we've got to throw in visuals, too. A good hook will have visual elements appear on the screen that are designed to get your audience's attention. So whether that's captions, special effects, graphics, or maybe you just do something really interesting in the first few seconds of your video that gets someone's attention. A really great example of this is the foreshadowing trend. Do you guys remember that? Where people would basically take a clip of them doing something really embarrassing like maybe they fell over or something and they would frontend the video with that clip. So the first few seconds of the video would be them falling over and the rest of the video would be snippets which show the events which led up to them falling over. This trend worked so well, not only because it was super funny and interesting, but also because it had a hook built into its template. It literally forced you to open with the most exciting part. And in this example, that was something visual. Third element is pacing. During the first few seconds of your video, you need to bring the energy. Okay? You need to have some energy and some pacing in that video. We do not want a slow start. We do not want pauses unless they're used effectively. And again, I'm going to show you some examples of a pause being used effectively in just a moment. What we don't Oh, my dog's slipping. By the way, my dog just got neuted, so she's in this little outfit so that she doesn't bother her scar. They wouldn't give her a cone because she has too long of a nose. Anyway, what we want to do if we're using pauses is we want to use them for dramatic effect. What we don't want to do is use the millennial pause. Have you guys heard about the millennial pause? It's essentially when people, usually millennials, take this breath before they film. It comes back to us not growing up around video technology and therefore us not being used to being able to film each other. So we take this breath before we film because we want to check that the camera is actually recording. Whereas younger people like Gen Z and Gen Alpha grew up with the ability to film others. So when they film themselves, they immediately start talking because they trust that their camera is already filming them. Isn't that mind-blowing? I did a video on it on Tik Tok. It went viral. I got in the sun newspaper. Also got trolled quite a lot. It was a whole moment. So, when you combine the right words, visuals, and pacing, you will end up with an incredible hook. Now, before I show you some real life examples of hooks that have worked well and haven't worked so well, I do want to take a quick second to share a resource that you should be using inside your hooks to level them up. And that resource is Story Blocks. Now, one of my favorite videos that I shared within the last few months is this one. And what you'll notice about this post is that I really nailed the visual element of this hook. All right, within the first few seconds of this post, you'll see some incredible videos pop up on the screen. Now, it may or may not surprise you to know that I did not capture that video footage. That video footage is actually stock media that I obtained from Story Blocks. Now, if you don't know about Story Blocks already, it's a stock media subscription service which gives you unlimited access to highquality videos, images, sound effects, audio, templates, and so much more. They're all about helping creators and businesses enhance their projects without any extra costs and with more peace of mind. Now, there's a couple ways that they do this, right? The first is by offering unlimited stock media downloads at one set price. So, this means that you have everything you need in one place. 4K video, HD video, templates, sound effects, images, and more. And this is all available to you at one predictable monthly cost. So, you don't have to worry about pay-per-click pricing or any hidden fees. Another way that they do this is by offering clearcut licensing. So, any of the assets that you use are actually covered by the highest legal coverage in the industry. so you can really focus on creating and not having to worry about things like copyright strikes. Their stock library is also frequently refreshed, which means it always contains high-quality, diverse content, which really reflects the human experience, which is very important when it comes to storytelling in the world of AI. I do actually have a special treat for you when it comes to joining Storyblocks. You can get three extra months for free when you sign up to their annual plan. Head to storyblocks.com/jadebon to take advantage of this limited time offer. Thank me later. All right, let's do some case studies. Let's compare some good hooks that I've used and some bad hooks that I've used. I'm actually really excited for this section cuz it's going to be incredibly exposing. Let's ease myself into this by starting off with an example of a good hook. This is a hook that I used on a recent post that performed really well for me. I cried over social media this morning. Embarrassing, I know, but I was going through my content and I was struck with this sudden thought. I'm flopping. Now, let's use the three core elements of a successful hook to actually break down why this worked. The first is the words. I actually started this video by talking about something that's quite emotional. Like I was talking about the fact that I had been crying over my content, which is embarrassing, but watch the full video for context. If you open a video with emotional words, exposing words, very vulnerable words, that is a great use of that element of your hook. It's going to grab people's attention. Now, let's look at the visuals, cuz there was a few things going on here. I was walking towards the camera, which created some movement. I had my captions appear on the screen in a very specific style, right? And you'll see this as a pattern. I basically had every word appear as I said it because this encourages my audience to read and listen along. Great for engagement, great for attention. I also had some screenshots and some graphics appear on the screen as well. In terms of the pacing, it was fast. There was no dead air. If I'm being honest, my pacing for all of these examples are pretty much the same. I feel like when you create content for 5 years, you do get to a point where you nail the pace of your content. So, that's pretty consistent across the board. A quick tip for me here before I give you an example of a hook that didn't work so well is I tend to do my hooks multiple times. So, I tend to film at least three different takes of my hooks, and usually the third take is the best take. I don't do that for the rest of my video content, but the hook is so important that I like to give it a little bit extra practice. All right, here's one that didn't work very well. Instagram is constantly changing. Here are a few things that you should be doing to make sure that you don't fall behind. This is actually a really good video. Like, all these videos are probably equally as valuable. One of the main reasons why it doesn't perform as well is simply because the hook wasn't as effective. Now, the words and the pacing of this video was totally fine. I think where this video fell down was on the visuals. There wasn't much going on apart from when I had the big words appear behind my face. Now, whilst that's engaging and interesting, we actually highlighted the wrong words. What we should have highlighted was Instagram because that's the thing that would have grabbed our audience's attention, right? So, I guess a pro tip for me on this one is to make sure when you're crafting your hook, you're doing it with your audience in mind. Another example of a video that worked really well, I had to share this one because at the time of filming, this one has over 11,000 likes. I have never had that many likes on an Instagram video before. Like, that's insane. And it's actually part of a new series that I'm doing because it was so wellreceived. Something weird is happening on Instagram right now. Trends are emerging which are helping creators blow up. Now, all three elements of this hook were just nailed if I do say so myself. The words, me starting off by saying, "Something weird is happening on Instagram right now." 10 out of 10. That is going to immediately grab my audience's attention. It sparks so much curiosity. It makes them think, "Hold on, what's happening on Instagram?" Right? That paired with the visuals, we had a fast zoom. We had the text which was synced with my speech. We had a quick snapshot of all the trends that I was about to break down. And we had the strong headline. This was all within the space of a few seconds, guys. And as I mentioned, the pacing is pretty much standard across the board, but this was a great example of a hook. Now, I feel responsible for sharing this final example because I'm pretty sure I would have given advice to create a hook like this in the past. And look, I'm not going to say I was wrong because this worked at one point in time. It just doesn't work anymore. 80% of adults consume content across multiple formats. This video is actually a cut down of a longer form video. And what that means as a result is that the initial words that were being said weren't that engaging. I led with a stat like 80%. Who cares about a stat? That's not interesting. There was virtually no visuals outside of my captions. And as always, the pacing was pretty decent. But the other two elements were not hitting. And I wanted to share this one because it brings up a really important tip. If you are going to repurpose your long- form videos into reals, you will probably need to film a separate hook for them. And that's okay. They're still worth repurposing. Do not get me wrong. It's just that most of the time when you're repurposing a long form video, you are going to find it incredibly difficult to find a snippet which actually starts with something that will actually be an effective hook in this day and age. Like, you're just going to find it difficult. So, you might need to film a separate one which nails those three elements. All right, I think we've gone pretty deep already, but I'm not going to leave you there. I do want to share some very specific hacks that you can copy from those hooks that I shared that will help you level up your content instantly. Hack one is probably the easiest of all of these hacks and it's to use pauses effectively. You know how earlier on in this video I spoke about not wanting to do the millennial pause. We don't want that. But at times you can actually pause for effect and it can work wonders for your content. I actually have not one but two examples of me doing this. I got ghosted like hundreds of times. We need to talk about Becca Bloom. As you can see, I very much use pauses for effects in both of those videos, and it helps me land what I was trying to say better, right? So, try using pauses in your next hook and see if it works for you. The next hack is definitely the most creatively challenging hack. And this one is about dynamic editing. Now, this one is honestly one of the hardest ones to implement because it requires a lot of time and effort. And that is coming from me, someone who only does the pre-production and the production of my content. I don't do the post-p production. So, I have different editors. I have an editor for my long form, an editor for my short form. I even have someone who helps me schedule and post all of my content as well. So, keep in mind that if I'm saying this is difficult to do, then if you are doing every element of your content creation, please know that this is probably going to be challenging, too. But it is creatively fulfilling. I will say that dynamic editing basically requires you to do something unexpected with the way that you're editing your content. And to be fair, this can also include your filming. For example, you could open with a unique angle like this one, right? This is not an angle that you often see on short form content, although you are seeing it more lately, and that increases the likelihood of it capturing people's attention because it's not something they're used to seeing. Another example, and one that can sometimes take a while to get your head around, is when you mix B-roll and a voice over to make you speaking to the camera a bit more interesting. Here's an example. I'm Jon. I became a full-time content creator in just 6 months. And this is my content to cash series episode 3. Did you notice how I opened with B-roll and then a voice over and then I opened my laptop and spoke directly to the camera? That is dynamic editing. That is something that is unexpected and that is something that is going to make your hook better. That video itself performed so well. It got tens of thousands of views. The final hack I want to share with you is about creative text. Now, I did mention this one previously, but it is worth saying again because it is one of the most effective ways to create an effective hook. This is basically when you get creative with your captions. So, it's about taking your autogenerated captions one step further and actually writing out every word that you say so that it appears on the screen as you say it. What this does is encourage your audience to read the words on the screen as they're appearing, which means that they're reading along as you're speaking. It is incredible when it comes to engagement. Like, think about how much more likely you are to soak in what someone's saying if you're reading what they're saying whilst you're hearing them speak those words to you. Like, it's just a different experience. Great for attention, great for engagement. I really recommend that you try it. If you found this video useful, I recommend watching this one. It's all about the five habits that every creator should do every single week if they want to grow their audience on any platform. Do not forget that you can get three whole Storyblocks on their annual plan. Just head to storyblocks.com/jadebon or click the link in my description to make the most of this limited time offer. Thank you so much for watching. As always, I cannot wait to see you in my next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JasonJason210 [8 likes]: What I'd like to know is what motion graphics templates you used.
  2. @JadeBeason [5 likes]: Unlock for your FREE 6 month growth plan with this quiz: https://www.thecreatorproject.com/growthplan. I hope you find your results useful!
  3. @CoachArmin [1 likes]: SOLID ! and SIMPLE ! Took notes. My  videos get like 20 views LOL. I hate promoting them as it gets me NPC subs. Grateful for you making this video for us noobs.
  4. @nelsonbolivar7171 [1 likes]: Don't tell lies. You didn't studied 100+ hooks. You just were talking about a couple of your videos posted online. 😂😂😂😅
  5. @Sovereigncarmen7: This is game changer. ❤
  6. @priyalmehta_444: What's a B Roll?
  7. @ViktorPetroOv: Super practical breakdown on hooks—this is exactly what most creators ignore. The way you explained grabbing attention in the first few seconds makes a massive difference, especially with how fast people scroll today 👍

honestly this made me realize why some of my older videos tanked… i was warming up instead of starting strong 😅

definitely one of those videos people need to watch before blaming the algorithm
  8. @AURetrocomps: Super practical breakdown on hooks—this is exactly what most creators miss. The way you explained grabbing attention in the first few seconds makes a huge difference, especially for growth. Definitely taking notes from this one 👏
  9. @SheSoulGlidzzz: As always amazing. I finally past the fear of posting myself 😂😂😂. Understanding have a few diff pages. I want to document and post as a female driver. I enjoy shorts…. 
Would anyone recommend staying with 1 right now? 

I have heard shorts are harder to get followers, monetized… 

Watch hours….. how does it work? @jadebeason ❤you have been 🤙🏾💜☀️🧘🏾🔥🎯 beautiful happy day
  10. @PriyaRaniDYT: Started my YouTube journey recently. Sending success and growth to every creator 🤍
  11. @mannishh02: THANK YOU for SHARING this INFORMATIVE VIDEO 💯👏🏻
  12. @simply-passive: Thanks for this !
  13. @tappure: I don’t even watch videos. I mainly just listen to YouTube videos
  14. @yoongigirl2.0: Chatgpt recommend this to me ❤😂
  15. @Calafiori24: how long did it take u to get to 208,000 view from just over 4000 using these hook strategies?
  16. @GioriaOkoliko: Do you pay to use story blocks or are they affordable?
  17. @ethnica2622: I know this should work great for those who are speaking at the camera, but what about creators who are not showing themselves? If have a client with account I’m managing and it’s impossible to make her speak or show her face.
  18. @danelelouw: wow. loved this. I would like to know, what app did you use for the text to go behind your head or that big font which I like very much
  19. @ADawg478: 🔥🔥
  20. @SKF358: Also known as a "trick."

- The 21-Second Hook Formula That Makes Viewers Beg to Buy Your Product: Kind: captions Language: en Every great story starts with the hero who's doing fine, but they immediately get into a hole. I always say never make yourself the hero in the story. So, whoever is giving you the money when they see your video, you want them to find themselves in the story. What this means for you as a principal is you need to cast a vision for your customer's life. So, how do you make a sales video, a pitch video for your product, your service, your brand, and not make it feel like you're selling anything? uh make it feel like you are telling a story and also dramatically increase sales. That's a lot, right? Well, I saw a video recently that I think is a master class on how to actually do it. This is a video for Gary Brea. He has a company called the Ultimate Human. His client is Dana White. Now, this is his most high-profile client. He's probably seen the biggest transformation with this client. A lot of companies do this, right? They'll interview the client and they'll show some one minute video, two-minute video of the client telling their story, but it's not riveting. It's not exciting. It's none of that. Uh, it's boring. In fact, this is not boring. This is interesting. All right. How do you actually take a sales pitch and make it feel like you're telling a story? This is how you do it. >> Gary said, "Give me 13 weeks and I'll change your life." Nobody could fix anything that was wrong with me. I probably was going to die within years. >> A lot of what we did was not fancy multi-million dollar equipment. A lot of it was keto reset diet. getting into a routine, dietary and lifestyle changes. >> It didn't take 13 weeks. It took six. And it started to feel so good that you become addicted to feeling that good. >> And look at this guy. All right, stop. We're going to stop right there. We are 22 seconds in and audience is pretty riveted. This is one of those, if this was an ad on YouTube, it's one of those ads that if you're the right demographic and certainly if you're a Dana White fan or UFC fan, you're probably not going to pause it. Your your finger is right there on the button, but it's riveting. The music is exciting. this guy is trying to figure something out. This guy is seeing incredible results. All that kind of stuff. All right, let's break it down. The first thing that you've got to do in a video like this is really quickly you've got to put the hero in a hole. Every great story starts usually with a hero who's doing fine, but they immediately get into a hole, right? They lose their job. They find out there's a bomb that's going off. Somebody tries to kill them. Uh their girlfriend leaves them. That's a story. The story is just here's a hero with a stable life and we're going to put him down in a hole. So, let's watch how they do this. They're going to put the hero in a hole within seconds. anything that was wrong with me. >> Stop. That's it. Give me 13 weeks and I can fix your life. Nobody could fix anything that was wrong with me. We immediately first you put a deadline on it. Can Can Gary get this done in 13 weeks? And all of a sudden, this hero is in a hole and nobody could ever fix it. So, he's hopeless. Nothing has ever worked. We are 4 seconds in, right? Most businesses, it's 60 seconds before they even get here. We are 4 seconds in. There's music. It's really exciting. Now, now that the hero is in a hole, if we really want to make the story interesting, what we need to do is make the situation worse. It is not time to get the hero out of the hole. We want to increase the stakes. We want to increase the urgency. Want to increase the drama. So, what we're going to do is we're going to take this hero in a hole and we're going to throw a tire into the hole with them. Watch. >> I probably was going to die within years. >> Stop. Two more seconds. I believed I was going to die within years. The stakes are as high as they can possibly be. This is why so many movies are about life and death situations. And even if it's like a romantic comedy, I feel like I'm going to die without her. It's got to be that life or death drama, right? And the beautiful thing about this is Dana actually says it. I believed I was going to die within a few years. We are 7 seconds into this video. We know that there's some guy named Gary who can fix them. We know that this guy, there's nothing else that has ever worked for him. And he know we know he feels like he's going to die. That's the beginning of a story. Now the story question is how is this hero going to get out of the hole? Let's find out. it was keto reset diet getting in. >> Okay, stop. What we did was now we intuitively know we can foreshadow that somehow the hero got out of the hole. Now this is what's fascinating. Gary needs to position his product as the solution that will get the hero out of the hole. But he doesn't do that right away. He does something even better. What he does is he says it's not what you think it was. It's not uh what you have already tried. It is different. This is important for your customer because your customer has already tried a bunch of things and they think this is the same thing. So when you say it's not, they automatically go it's not anything I've tried yet. This is different. That's really really fantastic messaging on Gary Breakfast part. It's not this. What we did was actually very simple. getting into a routine. Dietary and lifestyle changes. >> Stop. Dietary and lifestyle changes. We got him into a routine. What this is in story story narrative form is it's called the plan, right? You have a hero in a hole and then there is a plan to get the hero out of the hole. So they position the plan as the the thing the solution to get the hero out of the hole. Now Dana White comes back and says it didn't take 13 weeks, it took six. It started to feel so good that you become addicted to feeling that good. >> All right. Now, he's he's gone all the way to where he's out of the hole, right? He's out of the hole. He's never felt this good. He's looking great. It didn't take 13 weeks. It took 6 weeks. This is an entire story. It's a short story in 21 seconds. All right, let's go back. It starts with the hero in a hole and the hero is in desperate situation. Then the hole is even worse because he's going to die. And then there is a plan that's not what you think it is. It's not what you've tried. It's something very different that got him out of the hole faster than they anticipated so that his results are even better than they've ever been anticipated. This is a story hook in 21 seconds that gets you interested in the whole rest of it. It's almost like it's foreshadowing the story that could happen to you, the customer. You could be Dana White. If you feel like you're in a hole, if you feel like you're going to die, if you've tried everything, you need to try my ex. Now, let's see where we go from here because they've already kind of told the story or at least they foreshadowed the story. I'm hooked. Tell me more. And that's where you want to get within 20 seconds. You want tell me more. I like the story. I'm interested. >> He's like TKO. He started Slap. He just signed his deal with Paramount, which is all over the news right now. >> Streaming is >> stop. What Gary is saying is my client is a badass. My client is awesome. Notice what he's not saying. Gary is not saying, "I am a badass. Look how awesome I am. I get people out of holes. I save people's lives. It's all about me. My supplements are amazing." He knows not to do that. He knows to say, "This story is not about me. This story is about my customer." I always say, "Never make yourself the hero in the story. Always make your customer the hero in the story. You want to be the guide." What does that actually mean? Well, in story, there are two major characters. The hero and the guide. There are other characters, but the hero and the guide are two of the major characters. The hero is the one who is trying to get out of the hole. The guide is the one who knows how to get them out of the hole. You always want to position yourself as the guide in the story. The one who is an expert at getting people out of the hole. That's why you don't want to talk about the fact that your grandfather started the company or you've been around for 75 years. Your customer doesn't care about that. What you really want to say is, "We think our customers are awesome, but they're suffering. They're suffering and we don't want them to suffer anymore. Look at these awesome people who are suffering. They deserve better." See how it's all about the customer and their story. They are modeling this right now. He's also giving Dana White a chance to brag about his own success and who he is >> on the rise. So, these streaming services are realizing they all need live sports. Everything that I'm doing in my life and in my business, literally none of this would be happening had I not finally connected with you 3 years ago. >> That's amazing. So he's saying all of my success and the fact that I'm a badass, all of that is because of you. None of it would have happened without you. So notice the hero is now out of the hole and they're turning around. They're shaking hands with the guide saying, "Thank you for getting me out of this hole." We are 40 seconds in. This is a master class in not telling your company story, but inviting your customer into a story. Here's what I mean. If you tell your story, it is, you know, my grandfather started a company. It's been around for a long time. We have created the best pool cleaning services in all of Topeka, Kansas. Uh my wife works with me. I'm the father of whatever. People are going, I I don't understand, right? I It's like, that's great. Fantastic. Sounds like you're bragging about yourself. But when I'm watching this video, I see myself as Dana White. I don't see myself as Gary Brea. I'm not I don't have a vitamin supplement company. I'm Dana White. So, whoever is giving you the money when they see your video, you want them to find themselves in the story. And what you want to do is you want them find themselves in a similar pain. So, you need to find out what the pain is of your customer and have your customer on camera, in text, however you're telling the story, had your customer say, "I was in so much pain because of this." And not only that, the pain was actually worse. I felt like I was going to die. It was awful. your equivalent of I felt like I was going to die might have been I tried a bunch of roofers and everybody wanted to overcharge me. Everybody was adding $10,000 onto the bid. It was killing me. So that kind of it was killing me is the line that you're actually looking for. And then you come in and you say, "Well, here's how we fixed their roof. Here's how we started cleaning their pool. Here's how we took care of their uh laundry service. Here's how we actually got them the software they needed to succeed. Here, you know, here's what we did." And then they come back and they say, "I have been so ridiculously successful and so ridiculously happy. It's all because of these guys." All of that in 40 seconds. You add a little music, some subtitles, and it is fantastic. Let's see where it goes from here. >> This deal that you just did. I mean, the fact that it's going to be so impactful. I think about where you were when we started and where you are. >> You hear this? I think about the hole that you were in when we started and then I think about where you are now. and I'm amazed by your journey. This is called guide affirming the hero. The guide actually steps back in at the end of the story and says, "You are awesome. You have transformed. You are different. You used to be a person with a problem. Now you're not a person with a problem. I honor you. I praise you. I adore you. This is amazing that you have accomplished this." Notice Gary is talking all about the customer, not about himself. He hasn't even said his name yet. It's amazing. you are now to say once you feel this good, you never ever want to go back. >> All right, but what's he saying there? He's not talking to Dana White anymore. He's talking to you. He's talking to the viewer. He's saying you are going to feel so good. You're never going to want to go back. Those are the results, right? The results of this the the the climactic scene that I want to foreshadow for you is you are never going to want to go back. You're going to feel better than you've felt in your entire life. And that's kind of how his story ends, right? It's it we head toward the climactic scene. What this life. If you buy my product, this is what the future looks like. And that's an important part of the story. This is where we need to go. Let's see where they go next. For all you people that think it's a croc of and all you guys in the industry and and you're out there criticizing >> bam. That was basically the call to action. The call to action was you need to move on this. And for this particular video, it's you need to watch the rest of this thing, right? I want you to plug in. Stop criticizing. And by the way, gets a lot of criticism because people think it's snake oil and Dana White saying it's not snake oil. Uh, and you have the customer telling the camera, "You got to take this seriously. You got to buy it." Now, they get into, you know, what the system actually is. You've earned the right. This video is 23 more minutes long. There's an interview. It's all that kind of stuff. But the hook at the beginning was a master sales pitch that disguised itself as a story. A story about who? A story about the customer. All right, let me summarize this into a formula that you can use. And again, in just 40 seconds, you can create a really incredible video. Start with a hero in a hole. Your hero has a problem. Whatever that problem is, whatever the problem is that you solve, you want to start with that. And it's your hero customer in a hole. Agitate the problem. Once they're in a hole, saying, "Man, I felt miserable. It was awful. In fact, I felt like I was going to die." Throw a tiger into the hole. This creates a sense of urgency. It people kind of lean in when they're watching the video. I want to know more. They they feel a little stressed because the music is making feel stressed. I mean, we've got them hooked at this point. Next, once you've got them hooked, position your product as the solution to the problem. This solution gets you out of the hole. Our customers get out of the hole when they buy this. Next, paint a before and after picture. You know, when I first met you, you were in a terrible shape. Now, you're in awesome shape. You feel better than ever. You can do this many ways. The customer can say, "I feel better than I've ever felt before." Or, "My pool is cleaner. I never have to worry about it." Or, "I don't have a leaky roof." whatever it is that you sell, paint a before. Before and after, not just the after picture, before and after picture. Next, call the customer to action. Actually ask them to buy the product. And here's how you do here's how you ask them to buy the product. If you are struggling with X, you should buy Y. Never actually just say you should buy Y. If you are struggling with X, you should buy Y. If you are in a hole, you should buy this ladder to get you out of the hole. Next, paint a picture of a climactic scene. Here's what life should look like for you. You shouldn't have to worry about cleaning your pool. You shouldn't have to worry about lawn maintenance. You shouldn't have to worry about your dog barking at the door all the time. You shouldn't have to worry about your software systems talking to each other. You shouldn't have to worry about this. Uh, and your life should actually look like this. Your software should be seamless and integrated. You shouldn't even notice it. You should actually walk out to your pool at any point. It should be clean and and sparkling and wonderful and refreshing to jump in. You shouldn't have a leaky roof. You shouldn't even think about your roof for the next 30 years. You should have a great roof at a great price. Paint a picture of the climactic scene. And then you're going to do the last thing. You're going to repeat the call to action again. If you are struggling with X, if you are worried about X, if X is a problem that you have, you should buy Y. Call me today. And you actually tell them where to go to buy that product. And you actually say, "Buy the product. You don't have to struggle with this any longer." You put that formula into a video. You make it move pretty quickly. You pick the right clips so that your customer is saying it and you're not having to say it. Stick a little music on, put some subtitles, and you have effectively created a sales pitch that feels like a story. If you want help creating a sales pitch that feels more like a story, my name is Donald Miller. I wrote a book called Building a Story Brand 2.0. That book has sold over 1.4 million copies to business owners just like you because it has in it the formulas that create sensational collateral just like this. If you want somebody to actually create the collateral for you and strategize with you an entire marketing and messaging system, especially in the age of AI, go to marketingmadeimple.com because I have certified hundreds of very, very good marketers to create collateral just like this for you. So go to marketingmadeimple.com and hire one of my story brand certified guides today and your marketing can start feeling much more like storytelling.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KODYGnlp [20 likes]: This is a great breakdown Donald. One thing I’ll add, when Gary says it wasn’t some multimillion dollar process, he’s prendhandling the objection “of course this will work for Dana he’s rich” “I can’t afford this process” etc.
  2. @Gloveup.official [9 likes]: If you leave a negative comment on a FREE training/info someone’s is giving you that they had to put in work to make, YOU are the problem.

Great video and content. Thank you
  3. @mazzillionaire [6 likes]: Priceless content here folks. Watch this video everyday for 21 days and it will drastically advance your brand.
  4. @Melxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx [2 likes]: This is incredible
  5. @amraddinjamalli [2 likes]: I love your approach of storytelling. Thanks for creating these awesome videos.
  6. @WattlyShop [2 likes]: I gotta come back to this one when i’m at a desk!
  7. @ErikWilliams [2 likes]: This is so good!!
  8. @naylorstuff [1 likes]: That is a great ad! What if you don’t have an exciting product. I have a window cleaning business How do I make an ad that draws people in?
  9. @WattlyShop [1 likes]: If you don’t want this video to be just another great one you watched that never made you money — or if you’re curious how other hungry entrepreneurs are turning this valuable content into results — read my short outline below. I copied it for you:

1️⃣ Intent — relatable hero with a meaningful story
2️⃣ Pain — obstacle → agitation → then throw in a 🐅 (life-or-death or identity-level stakes)
3️⃣ Plan / Solution — introduce the explicitly and unapologetically and unwaveringly hero-centered guide and an explicitly and unapologetically and unwaveringly hero-centered hero-centered plan that requires your product (not a product-centered plan)
4️⃣ Result — reverse the pain by pointing back and looking down at the tiger in the hole from safety, then stack the wins and make the transformation meaningful.
  10. @tulogrodigital [1 likes]: Excellent video, thanks
  11. @actasifitisimpossibletofail [1 likes]: GB is a debunked pseudo “scientist”. So, you lost me right away.
  12. @CoreConceptsWellnessVancouver: ugh. love you. Brecka is a quack
  13. @Bonk1-i1r: no roman lettuce..no peas!!
  14. @bigrichgoals1: This is wonderful! But I had to stop watching because of the language. I’ll run it through ChatGPT and get the highlights! Thanks for a great concept!
  15. @carlgould: great!
  16. @alba..8479: 23 seconds in you lost me
  17. @Ytramvlog: Please multiple languages option on .
Please in hindi
  18. @morengothemoringapeople: Would you be able to share the link to the ad video? Thanks.
  19. @buatsubs3961: why ashamed of selling ?

these kind of people who try "covert" selling are people who are not confident with their own product.
  20. @ruabadfish2oou: Yet takes 15mins to explain...

- This META Video Ad Strategy is BROKEN (3 Second Rule): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you how you can take just one video ad and you can create endless variations for ad split testing that is not only going to maximize your ads performance, but it's also going to help you tap into several niche audience segments. It's going to help you maximize Facebook ads results and it's going to help you continue to improve your ad results over time easily. And it also takes literally just a few minutes to implement this strategy. And this is called like my video ad hook testing strategy. And that's what we're going to be going through in this video. So, I'm just going to jump into my screen. I'm going to demonstrate exactly what it is that we're going to be doing. Now, for those of you who don't know the way Meta has, you know, this is Meta just to represent the meta your meta ads account or your the meta ads algorithm or whatever you want to call it. And the way the algorithm works essentially is by essentially you launch your ads, Facebook then optimizes those ads and it has this kind of like consistent feedback loop. So you get someone that clicks your ad, Facebook then learns and starts feeding your ads out to more users that are similar to the person that clicked on or engaged or viewed that ad. They then, you know, keep feeding it to more people and then it does the same thing again and keeps feeding back and you get this constant feedback loop where meta kind of improves performance over time. And so what we're trying to do with this hook testing strategy is we're trying to maximize the best amount we can in terms of how we can optimize Meta's algorithm without having to be too specific with the targeting what we're trying to do. And so what a hook basically is, it's it's a you know two to three second piece of script. It could be a headline, could be a text on an image or in this instance, a hook is the first three seconds of your video ad. And that is what's going to draw attention to your particular video ad. So what we're going to talk about here is hook split testing. So if we take a video ad, this is a video ad start. This is the end of the video ad. You tend to have like kind of core sections. If anyone didn't see my last uh YouTube video which I uploaded I think a couple of days ago which is about video ads and how to craft good video ads. We know that we have kind of like four key sections to our video. We have the a which is the a to put a section. We have the attention section which is the first sort of naugh to 3 seconds of our video and that is the hook section which we're going to be talking about in this video and that is the part that we're going to be split testing. Then have the information section which is sort of the first maybe third of the video. Uh that is the I the information section. That's where we kind of talk about product information or we talk about the features or you know the problems that it solves and things like that. It's basically a normal video ad structure. We then have maybe a desire section which is where we talk more specifically about who has this helped, how it's helped them, reviews and that kind of stuff. And then we have an action section and this is our call to action, what we want the users to do and obviously that is at the end of the video. So what we're trying to do here is essentially instead of just relying on every time we want to you know test something we have to come up with a new video ad and then a new video ad and then a new video ad and that stuff can be very very timeconuming. Instead of doing that what we're going to do is we're going to just split test hooks and that hook is the yeah like we said the first sort of 0 to 3 seconds of our video ad. And what this allows us to do is it allows us to come up with a whole bunch more video ads without actually having to recreate anything else from scratch. We can take the first three seconds and we can actually turn each of one of these into a fulllength video ad right here and because of the way the algorithm works, it allows us to tap into a completely different and new audience segment because the different type of hook that we use at the start of that video. So, let me give you an example of a hook. Let's say you're advertising for a your for a roofing contractor, right? One person's hook may be their roof is actually leaking. water is actually coming through the top of their roof. Another person's hook or a hook that resonates with them will be that their house's energy bills are super high, the roof is really old, and they think they're leaking energy through their roof. Another hook, which will resonate with a different type of person, might be that their roof actually is broken, and they're actively searching for a roofer. Those are three completely different reasons why somebody might, you know, need a quote for a roof. So, it makes complete sense that by testing each three of those different hooks as different kind of entry points to our video ads, the outro of our video ads here can be more or less the same for each one of these three hooks. And therefore, we can actually maximize output whilst minimizing input. So, let me show you a live example of this in action. So, here we have a video ad that I've actually had edited, which is going to be for product that I'm currently advertising for. So, I'm just going to play this video ad. Then I'm going to explain to you how we're going to use this strategy to maximize the results of this particular video ad. Okay. So, I'm just going to play this video ad example of a product that I'm currently testing with so you can see what sort of video ads I'm running here. The feature that makes multi-story living ef multi-story living effortless. Morgan Ellis Home Lifts combine cuttingedge engineering with bespoke design, significantly increasing property value while providing unmatched convenience. Each installation is fully customized to complement your home's architecture perfectly. Thousands of premium UK installations, five-star ratings, and showcased at Grand Designs Live. We're the premier homelift specialists. Elevate your lifestyle. Click the link to build your home lift quote today. So, you can see at the start of that video, we've got like 3 seconds. We have our call out. >> The feature that makes multi-story living effortless. So, right there, we can then test multiple different variants. So, what I've gone and done is I've pulled up my custom GPT. So, this is my own copy generator which I've given to my private community members. Uh, this is pre-loaded with all of my best marketing material, information, examples, stuff like that. Uh, obviously for you, what you can do is you can just create your own custom GPT prompt. I've just given it my video ad script and I've asked it to output different hooks at the start. So, you can see we've got loads different hooks here. We've got the UK home, UK upgrade, sorry, the home upgrade UK scen. We've got move between floors quietly, safely, effortlessly. We've got trusted by thousands across the UK and feature Grand Live. We've got your memories are upstairs. Let's make sure you can reach them. I like that. Right. So, we've got loads of different hooks. And then what we can do is we can go into my text to speech tool which I use which is called 11 labs and we can actually take that. So for example the home upgrade UK seniors are calling life changing. We can actually click on here and generate speech. Make sure we're using the same audio. Just listen to that again. Grade UK seniors are calling life changing. Then what we can do is we can download that clip. We can come into our video editor. Like I've pulled this actual video in here. What I've done is I've just removed that first audio section here. I've just detached it and I've just replaced it with my new audio section. Now, obviously you'd want to make sure you input the video with sub without subtitles. This is from an editor who's already added subtitles. So, I would normally get him to do this for me, but for you, you can just obviously re redo the subtitles for that section in your video editor. It's very, very easy to do, right? But now you can see here, if I listen to this, >> the home upgrade UK seniors are calling. The home upgrade UK seniors are calling life-changing Morgan Ellis. >> So, there we go. We've now got a different hook. And we can do that with all of our different hooks. And each one of them is going to create a new ad. So each ad, each hook that we create and we input into our ad at the front end. We can have five, six, seven, eight different hooks is going to output a completely different video ad and it's going to target completely different subsector of our audience on the back end. It's going to give us, you know, ads that we can utilize over and over again and keep testing all different hooks and tapping in different audiences. But not only can we actually test different hooks, what we can also do is for each one of these hooks, we can have a different video in the background of that hook. So one of them, you know, kind of referring or relating to that particular hook that we're talking about. So we're talking about seniors, we can have a video of a senior maybe trying to climb the stairs. And so you can not only you testing the actual hook itself, but you're also testing different videos or different kind of creatives or visuals at the start of each one of those as well. So it gives you multiple different ways that you can go ahead and test these scripts. And it's super easy to implement on the back end and make these changes. So you can, you know, in about 10 minutes I could have 10 different variants of this particular video ad. So I just wanted to share this technique with you today. If you enjoyed it and you want to see more like this, all I ask you to do is just like the video, subscribe to the channel. Helps me with future uploads. Of course, if you're interested in joining my private community, I've left a link down below where you can schedule a call to find out more about how it works. Otherwise, I will see you guys in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Abdulrehman.M [2 likes]: Keep posting these types of videos!
  2. @JJODHIAMBO [1 likes]: Thanks Sam one of the besin the game . Need more of this on Ad content engines using AI. I may ask you have a coaching program?
  3. @hypogaming7986 [1 likes]: Hey bro I am a media buyer and I want to join your agency
  4. @negisagar-cm8yj [1 likes]: Nice
  5. @nino-f3h: Hey Samuel, 

Just wondering—do you already have a video editor on your side? If not, do you mind having a video editor?
  6. @princeak_2643: Hi Sam, quick question, im looking to outsource my ads campaigns for clients, what on average would you say is the CPL for the roofing niche?
  7. @dum161: I know it's hard to answer, but when do you think this business model will be too saturated? I had everything ready to start but I won't be able to legally start this business until summer 2026 (won't share the reasons for privacy purposes).
  8. @HonestLegoReviews-v9m: Thanks Sam another banger!
  9. @mobad_real: Realy great stuff as always.
I'm running a Meta lead Ad campaign for a remodeler.
the Ad is getting 2.11 link CTR and 20 link clicks on just 3 days but there are no conversions.
I've already made the meta instant form so simple to be filled and all the main offer and benefits are same as on the Ad.
Can you please help me solve this.
P.S already sent you a DM on Instagram. Thanks

- The Psychology Behind Great Marketing: 5 Ads To Study & Swipe: Kind: captions Language: en - Ever read an ad and think, oh my God, I have to buy this. Yes, that is not an accident. That is great marketing. In this video, I am showing you five ads that absolutely nailed it and the psychology behind why I think they work so well. Keep watching. Hey Posse, what's up? It's Alex. I help freelancers and business owners sell more products and services online without using douchey and outdated tactics that make everybody cringe. So if ethical marketing and branding is your kind of thing like it is mine, then you know what to do. Subscribe below and don't forget to ring that bell to be notified when my next video goes live. Today I am breaking down some examples of great ad copy in the wild so you can keep these in your back pocket as inspiration the next time you need to write an ad. But I am not stopping there. I'm also going to explain to you why I think they work so well. Cecause if you've been around for a while, then you know it is one thing to recognize great copy, but it is another thing altogether to actually understand the psychological principles at play. Once you learn what makes great copy great, you can go out there and create winning copy in your own business time and time again and you will never run out of amazing ideas to test. Now I'm thinking about making this part of a three-part series where I break down examples of great copy in action, one where I share winning ads, that is this video. One where I share winning landing pages and another where I share winning emails. So if you like that idea of this kind of marketing series, then leave a comment below and let me know. You guys know, I love to hear from you. All right, let's dive into some great ads, shall we? Starting with a few classics. Number one, Think small, buy Volkswagen. One of the most famous print ads of all time is Volkswagen's Think Small. This campaign first launched in 1959 and by the mid 1960s, the Volkswagen Beetle had become the number one bestselling imported car in the USA. This ad has gone down in history as one of the greatest of all time because not only did it help Volkswagen break into the US market, but it also helped usher in a new form of advertising, one that focused on honesty and simplicity over, you know, flashy graphics and exaggerated claims. This ad works because it is directly calling out a flaw or something that could be easily perceived as negative by the customer and turns it into a key selling point. It is utterly genius. In Robert Cialdini's book Pre-suasion, he describes the act of admitting a flaw or something that isn't perfect about you or your products as a great way to increase trust and believability. And that is exactly what Volkswagen did in this campaign over and over and over and over again. And it's genius. Cecause they are hooking your attention by calling out a common objection immediately. Like they are just calling it out, not by trying to make themselves, you know, like the sexiest or the fastest or the best car in the world, like so many other car brands do they go on to then address those objections in the ad copy itself. Now when it comes to great marketing, remember that believability and trust will always be more persuasive than bold claims, fancy branding and flashy messaging, especially right now today, this Volkswagen ad is a great example of just how simple it can be to execute this concept. Okay, next up is one of my favorite ad campaigns of all time. Tell me if you remember it. Number two, Apple's get a Mac campaign. So tell me if you remember this series of iconic ads. All I need to say is, "hello, I'm a Mac and I'm a PC", and you are instantly transported back in this ad. You remember Justin Long personifies the Mac as a cool, laid back and approachable guy. And then you have John Hodgman who personifies the PC as sort of this uptight nerd who lives and breathes for complex spreadsheets. It goes like this. Hello, I'm a Mac and I'm a PC. Action, action, action insight. You okay? No, I'm not. Okay. I have that virus that's going around. I have always loved these ads because it is the perfect example of what I call "show don't tell" marketing. This ad doesn't have to say that Mac is simpler, cooler, and more user friendly. It doesn't have to sell itself at all because the point they're trying to get across is instantly understandable. They use humor to poke fun at the flaws of the PC and they really play on the status and ego of the viewer because let's be honest, no one wants to be perceived like the PC guy who like has this crazy virus, right? Everyone wants people to think that they're more like the Mac guy. They're cool, they're easy, they're laid back, they're creative. So the takeaway from this ad is really first speak to your customer, sense of identity and how they want to be perceived, and then simply show them how your product or service or offer helps them be more of that. It is beautifully simple. And next up we have number three, the Economist. I never read The Economist. Another classic print ad is from The Economist, which simply says this, I never read the Economist Management trainee aged 42. Hmm, I love it when marketing really makes you pause and think, right? Like wait, what? Or lose the ability to slip out of meetings unnoticed. Or some people just get it. Or essential guide for those going places. This is another example of marketing that really plays on that sense of ego and status. These ads all imply the same thing. If you read The Economist, you will be a little bit wiser and a little bit smarter. Now, I don't remember these ads directly, but my dad once saw that I liked The Economist on Facebook, like I liked their Facebook page and he texted me and he was like, I'm so proud my daughter reads The Economist. So immediately when I saw these ads just now, I was like, oh my God, my dad was so influenced by those ads because he was like so proud of me for reading a magazine that made me a little bit smarter than the average person. So you know this works, right? You wanna be the kind of person who reads the Economist, if not for them then for your dad, right? These ads are so simple, they say so little yet they are communicating so much and this really proves that great copy doesn't have to be super lengthy or scream features and benefits at you. You can make a really big impact with just a few well thought out words. All right, next up, let's look at a more modern Facebook ad. Huel's instant noodle comparison. So here's a recent ad that too says a lot without really needing to say anything at all. Here Hue is using the psychological principle of comparison, and in this example, they are showcasing it visually, which is really, really powerful to do in advertising. They are showing a side-by-side comparison of Hue instant noodles with the typical instant noodle that you know we're all used to seeing and they are doing it without calling out the exact competitor brand, which always feels a little bit shady when people do that to me anyway. So instead they're calling out the status quo instant noodle that we've all seen and know without saying the name, and in a simple visual, they showcase that yes, both noodles only take five minutes to prepare, but the Hue noodles have way more protein, vitamins and minerals and they are vegan. So this ad is clearly speaking to a health conscious plant-based audience that wants to eat better, but they don't have a lot of time to prep meals and they need something fast and convenient. Now, you may not have a product based business like Hue, but that doesn't mean that you can't use this visual comparison for your offer or solution when comparing it to the alternative. Just get creative and think about ways that you can do this side by side without directly calling out your competition. And that brings me to our last example, number five, the Copy Posse's Personal Brand Bootcamp. Hey, it's me. You know, I had to throw in one of my own ads, and in fact I'm gonna give you a two for one deal with this one. I'm gonna show you one static ad graphic with a really strong hook and one native ad. Now, native ads are simply ads that are designed to match the look, feel, and context of the surrounding content or platform. They aim to really blend in seamlessly with any of the organic content, making them seem a little bit less disruptive and a bit more engaging for the users. Native ads are great because most of us can spot an ad like this, and most of us have become completely banner blind to anything that looks like an ad. We've really subconsciously trained ourselves to instantly scroll right past it unless it is extremely relevant or there's already brand recognition. Now, don't get me wrong, there is still a time and a place for these kinds of banner ads or else I wouldn't be using them in my own marketing. They work very, very well with a warmer audience where there's a higher level of awareness and trust built, like in retargeting ads, for example. Now, this particular ad performed really great for us in our Personal Brand Bootcamp promotion, raking in nearly 40% of total ad sales, which is great, and I think this ad worked as well as it did because of the hook. I used what I call the challenge common belief hook. So you can see right here that the headline says why you need a personal brand in 2025. The most booked freelancers won't just be the most skilled, they'll be the most trusted. So here I am challenging the belief that skills are all that matter, and then I introduce a new concept or idea that really grabs people's attention, and that is that you need a personal brand or presence in order to build trust. So that was an example of a great static or banner ad, but now let's take a look at another ad that performed really well for us during this same campaign. So this one was a native ad that looked exactly like my organic content, and that's because it is my organic content. This actually started as a simple organic Instagram post, but it performed so well that my team later turned it into an ad to promote my Personal Brand Bootcamp. And this native ad had a nearly 9% conversion rate on Instagram, which is amazing for Instagram ads because the average conversion rate is only 1 to 2%. And in this ad we also used the Challenge Common Beliefs hook, except this time it was all written in the caption, not on the graphic itself. We are saying what you've been thinking about personal branding is all wrong. Then we go on and share a list of the most common misconceptions when it comes to personal branding. Of course, we go on to explain why these misconceptions are wrong and then we educate our readers on the correct way to approach personal branding. So the takeaway from these last two ads is that you can use the same hook in different ways to speak to different segments of your audience and they can both work. And there you have it. Five psychological principles that you should absolutely replicate in your own advertising. Admitting a flaw, identity marketing, playing to the reader's sense of status and ego comparison, and challenge common beliefs. Give me a thumbs up below if you like this video. And of course if you wanna see more like this or for me to do a video on landing pages and a video on emails, comment below and let me know. I love to hear from you. I will see you next week with a brand new video. Until then, I'm Alex ciao for now. All right guys, if you enjoyed that video, make sure to check out the next one from me right here, and you can click right here to get a free gift. Social media is your new resume, and right now yours could be costing you clients. If I were to search you right now on social media, what would I find? Would I see a real person who's authentic, approachable, and available? Would I get a sense of who you are, what you do, and what matters to you? Would I find someone who seems trustworthy and maybe even a person I would like to work with? Or would I find a ghost? Not only is social media the new search engine, it is also the new resume. In fact, a massive 70%, 70% of employers today say that your online presence is more important than a CV or a resume. Even Steven Bartlett, CEO of Flight Story and Dragons Den Star recently posted a job opening where all he asked for was your LinkedIn, not a resume, just your LinkedIn profile. Let that one sink in. So if you have been the neglecting your social media presence, this is your sign. It is time to start showing up on social media, and in this video I'm gonna give you seven quick tips to help you optimize your profile and master social media. Yes, even if you're introverted or just getting started and stick around to the end because I even put together a massive list of 128 content ideas, prompts and tips to make showing up on social media that much easier. So keep watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @debbielov_mxg [1 likes]: Thankyou so much❤
  2. @ThatCopyGurl [1 likes]: I'm fixed on your brows girl...they look goooddddd
  3. @theaiworkshopp [1 likes]: Alex, this breakdown is absolutely brilliant! 🤩 The way you dissected the Volkswagen "Think Small" campaign and showed how admitting flaws builds trust completely changed my perspective on honest marketing. I never realized how much the Apple Mac vs PC ads were playing with our identity and ego - that "show don't tell" principle is pure genius! Your own Copy Posse examples were the perfect cherry on top, especially seeing how you turned organic content into a 9% converting native ad.
  4. @MoneyPuppyPenny: most people will scroll past this not realizing it's the most valuable 10 minutes on the platform
  5. @gorrettimasiga3856: This is awesome. It is what I have been looking for
  6. @wallacebankley3384: Its 2026 be with Alex Cattoni inspiration to share with your friends 🧡 human beings ❤️ love you forever, job path awakened by
  7. @wallacebankley3384: Goosebumps copy-posse community 2026.  It's time subscribers your year.with
  8. @romrajsharma3339: कपील सिब्बल और गैंग् को कहिये कल से सार्बजनिक स्थल पर पेशाब करना मनाही है तो ये गैंग् चांदनी चौक पर बेशरम खडे पेशाब करने लगेंगे, क्यों कि इन की सोच ही ऐसी है जो नकारात्मकता की ओर ही इशारा करती है!
  9. @anukharvey7030: Yes Please Alex!!  I would love you to critique a landing page and email as well... that would be brilliant!!
  10. @wallacebankley3384: Posse FEST World Marketing Events 2025 behind the stage Marketing. OCTOBER 16  Vancouver Canada City 😍 Resort.EPIC
  11. @wallacebankley3384: y selling product advertising totally A.L .why not it totally advertising trend 🤣photography 📸 Terrifying
  12. @wallacebankley3384: The rules changed. A.l.or have they? Photoshop Arrives..lighting is everything.
  13. @AndreiRusu-t2l2e: Fascinating. Branding = emotion!
  14. @hafsolohundare7474: Thanks for the video. I will really like video about email campaigns
  15. @HeisAIClipz: Alexandra the Great 🥂💖🔥
  16. @divyv20: Hey Alex, really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with more Quality Editing in your videos with good pricing & turnaround time and will also make a highly engaging Thumbnail which will help your video to reach to a wider audience ! Lmk what you think ?
  17. @YsyIH: This is great, i want to see both email and landing pages don’t keep us waiting 😊
  18. @krish_chetry: Please make a video a complete beginner  full course for copy writing
  19. @Abdullah-qw7qe: Amazing video Alex 🤌🏻👏🏻 

Waiting for the remaining two parts. (Email and Landing Pages )🩶
  20. @JafetSK: Yes I want the series that you mention Alex, great content you've helped me a lot with my copywriting and business journey

- How To Create Irresistible Facebook Ad Hooks That Scale Like CRAZY In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en How do you actually go and create irresistible hooks for your Facebook ads in 2026? Hooks that are so magnetic that people literally cannot swipe past without clicking on your ad. Well, in today's video, we're going to be going right into how to create these irresistible hooks, what are the things that you need to look out for, and how to actually write these specific hooks for what we're going to be showing in today's video. With that being said, let's dive into [music] it. So, first things first is the research side. So, you should already pretty much know this. Um you should already know, "Hey, like I need to understand my product itself. Um you know, like, hey, what does my product do? How does it do that thing? Um how is it made? What's the production process?" Like you should know the full in and out of your product. And you also likely already know about doing research on like YouTube, TikTok, Reddit, customer reviews, um and even looking at customer like competitor ads and stuff, um and post-purchase surveys is something that we've been doing a lot lately that's been working really well. Also help out with our um research and stuff. Now, you should also already know pretty much kind of like, "Hey, um when you're going through this, uh basically, hey, you got your research, what are the questions you're asking?" So, I like to think about that as the physical, and this is the mental, which is like examining people then kind of uh bringing in your own thoughts and ideas from the research of what are you uh gaining about these key key people. Um so, what I like to think about right here is what are people experiencing right now? What are people's current situation right now? And then what is people's dream outcome? And that's all powered based off this research right here. Um now, that's like the first part of the process. You understand, "Hey, where are people at? Where are people at currently, and where do people want to go?" And you gain that data from the physical side of research, which is examining your own product, all these different channels right here, Reddit threads, YouTube, TikTok videos, customer reviews in your product, uh looking at competitor ads, and looking at post-purchase surveys. Now, the next key thing to understand, and again, you should already know this now, >> [music] >> um is, hey, the actual hook itself. And the actual hook of itself is composed of three different things. Um it stops the scroll of the ideal customer here. >> Uh the next thing is it creates curiosity to read or watch more. I've seen people recently try to rename this as like open loops, whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that is. Um what I like to look at it just again from back in the day is [music] curiosity here. The headline creates curiosity to want to read or to want watch more. Yes, it opens a loop, but at the end of the day, it's just creating curiosity um at its a very basic form to for people to like wanting to watch more or read more right there. And then part of that curiosity is created when you title this or when there is something in it for me. In that case right there, that if I watch this video, I'm going to gain something from it. Or hey, if I watch this ad, I'm going to learn something for from it. Or I might um understand a problem I've been having, and now here's I'll understand a new solution to fix that particular problem. So, if I look at it like this, hey, increase ad spend by 20% and scale in 2026. >> Well, it doesn't technically stop the scroll of my ideal customer cuz I want to go out there Facebook ads. It doesn't create any curiosity to like read or watch more because it's literally telling me what to do. And yes, I guess you could say or no, there isn't. There's nothing in it for me. There's nothing something in it for me in that sense. Because it's just telling me right there. But What I say how to scale Facebook ads in 2026? I'm stopping the scroll of my ideal customer, which is people running Facebook ads. Um I'm creating curiosity to read or watch more. How to and then um how to basically just kind of emphasizes the fact that it's like, "Hey, like in this video you're going to understand how to do this." And then something in it for me, I'm going to gain the benefit of how to scale Facebook ads in 2026. So, this [clears throat] is a proper hook that has the three characteristics of what I call the golden hook formula right here, which has those three characters characteristics right there. Um that makes great hooks. But, again, this is irresistible hooks today. And how do you actually create irresistible hooks? That's magnetic and hard for people to swipe past. And that's where we're going to be looking into market sophistication, right? Um the reason why um hooks become bland is because people keep using it over and over and over. The reason why 19-year-olds have to buy Koenigsegg Jeskos now because so many people bought Lamborghini Huracans and posted on YouTube of buying a Lamborghini Huracan. So, now if you want to post a YouTube video about buying a Lamborghini and making um you know, making a video highlighting a buying a Lamborghini, you have to go out the blue. Like, you have to go with something really extreme and really exaggerated to be able to get the views and go crazy with it. Um this is the thing right here is what market sophistication is. It's when people keep seeing the same thing over and over and over, there lacks novelty. Um if, you know, let's say for example, you love sushi for example, and you go eat sushi one night, you get a couple different things. I personally love nigiri. Nigiri is my favorite. Um get like the yellowtail, get the tuna, get the salmon, and like I'll That's the kind of like my typical go-to right there. I love it. I'll go eat it out at least once a week in that sense right there. And, you know, never really get tired of it. But, if I were to eat that every single night, I would get tired of it very quick. Not because that it's sushi, like I love sushi, but because when you repeatedly do the same thing over and over without a new stimulus, it becomes just boring. It doesn't spike the same level of dopamine to it. Um, very extreme scenario, very very extreme scenario. I hope this doesn't get out of context here. Um, but people are addicted to like porn, for example. >> Um, or any type of drugs or anything like that. Um, they're constantly chasing that same high they got when they first time they ever watched porn or, you know, the first time they ever got high off that particular drug right there. Um, I don't endorse drugs and I don't endorse porn, just for the record right there. But, in that case right there, that's what market sophistication is. >> When it's consistently done over and over and over, and it's the same as everything, it doesn't fire the novel novelty, and it doesn't fire the dopamine in the brain that really, you know, pulls people in. So, you can go ahead and you can do the research. You can build out the before and the after avatar that, um, people become when they, you know, use your products. And, you can create hooks that follow the golden hook formulas, but if you don't actually apply market sophistication properly, you're never going to fire the dopamine because all you're going to be doing is firing basically what's already been done hundreds of times for other people. So, to be able to do market sophistication, obviously you have to understand market sophistication, and we'll go over that in a second. But, the last thing I also want to cover here and tie this back into to Facebook ads is that this is why your ads don't get spin. This is why when you copy your competitor ads, you have high CPMs. Because you you just blend in and do the same as everyone else, and because you don't stand out, no one recognizes you. Or you're just another annoyance, right? If you keep copying our competitor ads, and your competitor copies their competitor ads, it's just a big [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] of people copying each other and stuff like that. What essentially happens is consumers just see your ad and like swipe, cuz they already know >> um the whole ad itself. They already know what's about to be pitched here. They already know. Like they they've just seen it hundreds of times, and they're annoyed. So in that case right there, you leverage market sophistication to stand out. And your whole goal here is to fire that dopamine again. Like the drug addict the first time he did drugs and got that first time high, or that person was pulled over for the first time and was like that first like wow, that's amazing. Um that's what we want to fire right there. We want to fire that sudden rush of whoa, what is this? I got to know. And uh again, very extreme scenarios, please don't take it out of context. Don't endorse porn. Don't endorse drugs. Um but again, extreme scenarios to under help you guys understand this key point here. Now, next thing is how do we actually apply market sophistication? So you have to understand that market sophistication has five different stages, and we'll kind of go over those five different stages here. But we're going to take this this one for example. How to scale Facebook ads in 2026. Um to be fair, there's hundreds and thousands of videos on YouTube of how to scale Facebook ads in 2026. If I wanted to create a video like that, I would need to actually go and clean up that title right there. So at stage one here, you are first to the market. You're the very first one ever that posted a video about how to scale Facebook ads in 2026. It's a very basic claim right there. Okay. Um and reality is you probably even say like how to scale Facebook ads is more [music] going to be the basic claim. But um you're first to the market. You know, if ever created content around this, you're the first person there. You can just, you know, pretty much say it directly right [music] there. And again, this all ties back to ads as well. Please don't take it out of context just cuz it's for like a YouTube example that it won't work for you. Now, the next thing here is where you exaggerate the claim a bit. So, this is where you're like your second or third to the market here, and you take an already existing claim and you just exaggerate it more. So, this one says, "How to scale Facebook ads in 2026?" This one says, "How to scale Facebook ads to 100K months" right here. So, we're just simply taking that and we're exaggerating it off of it, so that way, um you know, people are more well aware of like, you know, that hey, this is like a bigger claim here. You're making the claim just a little bit larger. That's all you're doing. And also the key note here is that these focus more on the benefit of the product right here. Um this focuses a lot more on like direct I'm going to learn how to scale Facebook ads. Um let's say it's how to lose weight in 2026 or I took this product and lost a bunch of 2026 or how to lose weight. Um again, just focusing right there on the benefit of here's how I'm going to lose weight and like the benefit of the product. This product helps you lose weight. This dress, this pair of jeans makes you look good, right? Um just going right direct at the problem or desire that we're going for. Now, let's say a lot of other people start, you know, creating content like this or, you know, a lot of other people start, you know, creating um various different ads and stuff like that related to this, then it's like, "Okay, well, now what do you do next?" You go to a stage three. And stage three here, this is where we introduce a uh new mechanism. And a new mechanism is just simply a new way how to achieve X result. That's all it is. So, in this case right here, "Why most e-com brands can't scale Facebook ads in 2026?" And the creative first framework that finally makes it work. Um so, notice how we're going kind of away from more of the how-to. Uh people have tried that. They've either failed with it or they've used it like competitors and stuff like that. Um and then now we're essentially introducing a new mechanism. The desire remains the same to scale Facebook ads, but we're just introducing a new way, which in this case right here, the creative first framework that finally makes it work. Um for e-com like this is going to be your product itself. Um you want a product that has a unique mechanism within it that is different compared to all the other mechanisms on the market. If you're selling dog toys, then your dog toy needs to have some type of unique design, needs to have me built in a unique way, um it needs to have a unique feature on it that's different from everyone else. And this is how you compete in that particular market right there. Now, let's say everyone starts copying you again. And then now you got to go to stage four. And stage four is where we exaggerate the mechanism. [music] How a dead Facebook ad account became two uh 2.3 million in 12 months using creative brief so specific tells you exactly what to film, what to say, and in what order. Uh notice how we're still hitting on um the scaling Facebook ads with like the the revenue amount and stuff like that. But what we're really hitting on here is um we're exaggerating the already introduced mechanism in the marketplace. This introduces the idea of creative testing and stuff like that. And this is just simply exaggerating the fact that um we know they're doing creative testing. Now we're exaggerating those results right there. Dead Facebook became a dead Facebook ad account came 2.3 million in 12 months. And then we're also hitting on the pain points of creative testing. This creative brief so specific tells you exactly what to film, what to say, and in what what order. Um in that case right there, we're even exaggerating of how simple it is with this particular creative strategy right here um to to leverage right there. So, that's your stage four. And then lastly, stage five, this is where you're in a market that's extremely crowded. And uh you know, like all the claims and stuff like that, people stop believing these particular claims. And this is where you need to go with the prospect identification. You want to identify with the fact of like, "Hey, I understand that you tried all these solutions, different things for Facebook ads, and nothing worked. I understand you're frustrated none of this stuff works as well." Um and you identify with that particular frustration right there. Um and you will open up that crowded market. You go above and beyond kind of like all these low-level claims that people are making. So, um what nobody tells you when you're stuck at the same revenue number for 6 months straight, right? Um and obviously you could probably tweak that. What uh no brain owner tells you when you're months straight right there. And that's where you can resonate with that particular frustration and then go deeper into, you know, the problem and solution and all that stuff. While still introducing that new mechanism and all that good stuff right there. Um but the key thing here with these particular ones is that stage three, four, and five, this focuses on the benefit of consuming the ad. Um I'm going to learn why most brain owners can't scale Facebook ads, and I'm going to learn this new mechanism, or this, or this. Whereas this focuses on the benefit of the product itself, of what we're going to achieve and stuff like that from there. So, focus on benefit of product, focus on the benefit of consuming the ad itself. Um so that's going to be the two big things right here with the um stages three, four, and five and versus stages one and two as you go into those higher-level stages. But notice right here now of these different stages we go through the market, um how we're it's also going to shift and change the content we put in that ad. If I'm in a stage one market, how to scale Facebook ads in 2026 versus a five, what nobody tells you when you're stuck at the same revenue number for six months straight, and that's going to change a lot of what I put into that ad right there. Um, you know, I'm I'm not going to just post the same video with a different hook. And that's where a lot of people also make a mistake at that um, you know, there's a lot more bridges you have to jump through in that particular creative right there. So, um, but yeah, this is pretty much how you go ahead and create irresistible hooks that are so magnetic it's extremely hard to swipe past them right there. Um, and kind of why your ads not necessarily suck, but why a lot of your hooks are not properly scroll stopping the market itself. Now, if you all enjoyed this video, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Um, and if you want me to actually go and run your ads, I specifically help e-com brands doing at least 100k a month scale to million dollar months, uh, click the link below to have Nick Terrel run your ads. Um, if you're doing uh, less than 100k a month, but at least 30k a month, I have my inner circle program where I uh, specifically coach and mentor e-com brands and help them scale by reviewing their ads and like giving them feedback in a one-on-one setting right there. Um, and then lastly, if you're doing less than 30k a month, I have my Facebook ads course, which teaches you how to create Facebook ad creatives that scale, ad account structure, and all of those good things right there. And all those links will be below. Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you guys enjoyed today's video, um, and I'll see you guys later. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Maverick-3D [3 likes]: nick are you using veo 3.1 or higgsfield for AI video ads?
would love to see a tutorial on AI ads planning
  2. @mr_pankracy [2 likes]: Great value Nick! :)
  3. @opsoraai [2 likes]: Pls pin my comment
  4. @lesibu [1 likes]: What platform is it? Diagram in the research phase
  5. @manuelcalcaneo7463 [1 likes]: Fire the dopamine in your ads ✍️
  6. @abdulmaalikimran9913 [1 likes]: I have one company that sells workwear and I have scaled it to 100k lifetime revenue with one ad manager. I opened another company that also sells the same product but different  logo. Should I use the same ad manager or create a new one to run ads for my second company.
  7. @beeber2141 [1 likes]: Hey Nick you talked about avatars and how we need to tailor all marketing materials in our funnel to each of them.

Let's say if you were doing ad -> advertorial -> product page for an avatar, would you create a separate product page that also caters exclusively to said avatar (hyper-focused messaging, pain points...), or just use the general product page because the ad & advertorial have already done the hyper-targeting & messaging...

Thank you in advance!
  8. @mohammadbilal3123 [1 likes]: dont u think AI soon will take over meta or digital marketing and digital marketers soon will not be needed
  9. @AndreyVerevko [1 likes]: banger

- The Formula for Winning Facebook Ads Hooks | Sugatan: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] your ads suck i'm gonna teach you how to make them not suck you know how i know they suck because you sat through that entire intro and you're still here but don't worry there's still hope because i'm going to teach you what video hooks are why they're important and how to make a kick-ass one and at the end of the video i'm going to throw in some bonus video making tips just because i can if you're an e-commerce business owner and you're sitting there going what is a hook you need to stay for the video because you need help basically a video hook is a pattern interrupt it interrupts the mundane repetitiveness of scrolling a social feed a facebook feed and much like a fishing hook dangle something interesting in front of the viewer to attract their attention to stop them from scrolling stop what they're doing and hopefully stick around on the video for a bit longer than they would have otherwise there's basically four that's eight four main aspects to a really effective video hook implementing just one of them alone will already drastically improve the effectiveness of the first three seconds of your video but implementing all of them at the same time it's like taking candy from children so pretty much the four pillars of an effective hook it's got to be something stimulating unexpected or shocking it's got to evoke an emotional reaction in your viewer it's got to present a problem to the viewer and follow up straight away with the solution and lastly it's got to be relevant to the viewer otherwise it's not going to do anything in the first place so step one start with something mentally stimulating unexpected or shocking you tell me which of these two intros is better hello welcome back to the youtube channel it's been a while today we're going to be talking about pattern interrupts and how you can improve your adverts as a business owner and as a marketer suck actually don't tell me it's the second one start with something stimulating unexpected or shocking well buddy that was all three of them how many people have you seen start a video with a deep fried audio clipping clap not many unexpected next i accused your ads of sucking which automatically starts up the old thinker and you try to work out why your ads could possibly suck mentally stimulating and lastly it's pretty shocking because when last did someone who you've never met who doesn't know you from a bar of soap tell you that you suck next up your hook needs to evoke an emotional response in the viewer your ads suck how did that make you feel i know angry sad but i immediately followed it up with this i'm going to teach you how to make them see first i got perhaps an angry sad a confused emotional response and i straightaway followed it up with giving you some hope there's a solution to this problem which segues me on to the next step the next aspect of a super effective hook is presenting a problem providing a solution your ads suck i know how to fix it and lastly your ads got to be relevant to the target audience this video is going up on a youtube channel filled with e-commerce business owners people interested in marketing people interested in facebook and i've also optimized the video for search results from people interested in the same things and on that note a really important point to make is you could have the best hook you could have the best video in the entire world but if your ad buying is bad if your ad is going out to the wrong audience it's like fishing for a shark with an earthworm we've been programmed to live and to scroll and to consume information at lightning speed youtube ads are just a five second countdown to clicking the skip button tick tock has turned us into 10 second video consuming machines and if we're watching netflix and get bored we can instantly choose between thousands and thousands of other programs it's essential that the hook of your video is enough to grab people's attention to suck them out of that mindless loop for just long enough to get your information across in a way that they remember it in a way that builds trust in a way that draws them closer to making a purchase so you may think spending hours and hours and hours coming up with the perfect intro to your video is a waste of time but i can promise you it's not even internally at sugatan teams spend hours analyzing the first three seconds of adverts that go up on facebook they're that important by the way hooks only really important for the very top of funnel these are for people who have never seen your brand before they don't know who you are and this is the first impression of you that they're gonna get once someone knows who you are once they're familiar with your brand what they're looking for is to build trust and for more information before they make the final decision so at that point your videos can be longer they can be more in depth and you can start implementing things like ugc user generated content that builds trust they see other people using the product they see other people happy with the product and that brings them even closer to making that final decision my bonus tip to you guys that i mentioned at the beginning of the video is that all this information will be completely useless to you if your videos themselves suck how do you make your videos not suck well it's pretty easy you just have to focus on a few things firstly your lighting's got to be nice use natural lighting use artificial lighting as long as it looks good next your video has to show intention okay people need to see that you put effort into it that you thought about it you haven't just come up with something and spewed it into the camera and lastly the easiest way to absolutely destroy or completely make a video is audio quality your audio has to be nice it has to be nice to listen to you have to have good music and your voice has to be clear and understandable that's how you make good videos hopefully you have a better understanding now of how to make a great ad and a great hook and we want to know if you go ahead and implement any of this in your own business in your own advertising so please let us know what you did and how it went in the comments below and if you did enjoy the video please leave a like it helps us and it helps other people struggling with their ads and also don't forget to subscribe for more epic amazing incredible super duper growth hacking with hot content you

  Top Comments:
  1. @sebastiant4206 [3 likes]: If he had shown examples I wouldn’t have fast forwarded the whole video
  2. @leoo122-w5q [1 likes]: actually the examples were there , he was it
  3. @JuanJoséMercadal [1 likes]: 🙌🏻

- How I create winning UGC videos (proven formula): Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to show you how to make winning ugc videos every single time and I'll break down my easy framework so you can plan and script your videos without getting stuck if you don't know me my name is Gloria I've been creating UDC for 1 to two years and I've been a digital marketer for the past 3 years the framework I'm about to show you has been made by me and used in over 500 plus of the ugc ads I have created and if you're watching this you might have run into one or more of these problems first you don't know how to make a product sound exciting in a video so people actually buy it or maybe when you sit down to write your script you just can't think of anything and your mind goes blank whether you're a brand or a Creator if that sounds like you keep watching because I'm about to show you my framework and it's super simple and you can use it for any product or any Niche the first thing you need to do is understand the product and why people buy it for example look at this acne fighting skin formula I already know this is a product that teens and young adults would buy they might want to clear up their skin for school work or just feel more confident your creator always ask the brand who they're Target customer is and for this formula the brand told me it's mostly people ages 16 to 25 who care about their skincare and want clear healthy skin you also need to know where the video will go is it for Tik Tok Instagram ads or maybe Amazon that way you can make the video to match the platform so remember who's the customer why are they buying it and where will the video be posted that's your foundation next he'll use my framework to turn this information into a video let's say the acne formula video will be an Instagram app here's my simple ugc framework in five steps hook problem solution benefits and call to action every single ugc ad consists of those five things and if you don't include those five things into your ugc ads they're not going to convert viewers into sales now let's start with the hook since this product is for people with acne the problem is clear they're frustrated with their skin so here's a hook you could use if you struggle with textured skin or acne scars this product is 100% for you boom the hook is done now for the problem number two in the framework maybe the person is tired of trying so many products that don't work their skin makes them feel self-conscious and they avoid social events or taking pictures so that's the problem and here's the solution number three in the framework the acne formula you'd show how easy it is to use and the results like feeling confident and going out with friends or finally taking that selfie without filters and show the Raw results of it on your skin the key is to make it personal because people make buying decisions based on emotions now let's finish with the benefits and call to action number four number five in the framework the benefits are simple for this formula you'd say it's dermatologist approved gentle on sensitive skin and made with natural ingredients and it's vegan then tell people what to do next for example click the link below to grab yours before it sells out it's a perfect call to action right there a lot of people don't script their videos and just wing it but this framework makes everything so much easier it helps turn viewers into customers now that you know the steps scripting is the fun part just plug and play the information into the script all the information we've collected in the five sections of the framework we just smooth that together with pretty words and that forms the script so I want you to hear the final result for the script with everything we just discussed in the framework so here's the final live video I did for this product if you struggle with textured skin or acne scars this product is 100% for you I wish I had found AG Cosmetics acne scar erase formula sooner because it's formulated with salicylic acid and Innovative ingredients designed to provide a speedy recovery from acne B this little bottle attacks acne causing bacteria deep within the skin purifying the surface and stopping future breakouts before they even start it gently clears acne reduces inflammation and redness and exfoliates for a smoother complexion No harsh chemicals and it's just a light and clear formula that will help your skin go from dull and textured to healthy and smooth over 1,000 people back this up so try it for yourself and see the difference that's how you plan and script UTC videos that actually work if you found this helpful I have free 18-page guide to help new creators become paid ugc creators in just a week grab it for free down below and if you're a brand you can check out my portfolio using the link below remember guys if you don't use that framework or add those fundamentals into every single ad it's not going to work out this framework allows you to have the best results possible cuz we're hitting every single psychological point we need to in an ad hopefully this helped thank you so much for watching make sure to subscribe for all ugc and I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @kiborglama7280 [1 likes]: Hello, is your free guide teaching still available? I have problem accesing it, it doesn't open 😢
  2. @MonicaNatasha [1 likes]: This video has been such an amazing breakdown. Thank you so much for making this and posting this :) i’m new to UGC and I just started a separate Instagram for it. Do you recommend having a separate account?
  3. @djoumanakerbaa9650: Thanks
  4. @LadySurtasky: How do I get the guide? I click the link and it says it can't open it.
  5. @freyjas.enchantments: Video is super helpful. Couldnt download the 18 page starter guide....
  6. @theeternaloptimists365: This video was the missing piece that I needed to create my first UGC for my portfolio. Thank you!

- How to Write Winning Meta Ad Scripts ($300M Spent): Kind: captions Language: en every gray ad starts with a gray script it sounds cliche right but when you've written ads that have spent over 300 million in ad spend you start to notice a pattern at fragle we've helped over 200 dtoc Brands scale with this one simple framework that I'm going to show you today whether you're a brand owner tired of wasting money on ads or you're a Creator just looking to up your game this video is for you and no it doesn't involve any magic or any Voodoo it's just a simple formula that is tried and tested so let's get into it so let's start with this one that we made for leaf razor okay straight off the B actively bad for your skin it's the most insane hook you've ever seen and that's the most important part about a hook right you need to capture attention but most importantly you need to capture the right attention this girl is covered in shaving foam it's bound to stop the scroll however while she's dancing covered in shaving foam she's also saying I'm so done with plastic so done with plastic razors so not only are we grabbing attention visually but with the audio we're further targeting the viewer and that is the first step in this proven structure are actively bad for your skin let me explain and then after that we head into the main portion of the video which is setting up the villain no I'm not talking about an evil Overlord instead I'm talking about the industry or a product or more importantly probably your competitor you want to make it look like they are the villain in this movie and you are the hero you are the one which is fighting for a better life multi blades are a fairly recent invention they were developed to be a cheap easily produced alternative to traditional shaving product we saying so many things here which people hate to hear these were designed as a cheap alternative no one wants to use a cheap alternative we're basically making the list of the reasons why you should hate razor companies as long as your arm you want to really dig in here because you are making the pain Point more of a pain Point essentially your goal here is to get the customer to relate to the problems that you are displaying prodcts and for a while this was fine but then shaving companies got greedy now this is the big pot where we really twist in the knife shaving companies got greedy why make good money selling razors at work when you can make all the money through propretary razor cartridges that cost more than the razor itself to buy have you noticed that we are what with 20 seconds into the video and we're still yet to actually show you what we're advertising instead we're continuing twisting the knife and presenting the villain as the worst possible thing on the planet and there's no way that you should be using this and so razor blades got more expensive as the Shavers themselves got cheaper to make and moved to a more disposable model this all resulted in waste lots and lots of plastic waste and now if the problem isn't already a problem we're presenting another problem which is caused by the villain which in this case is plastic waste nobody wants single used Plastics in their life and so we know that and we're getting them again with another pain point this is where Leaf comes in their razor and now we are presenting the product at 40 seconds 40 seconds have gone by and we hadn't even spoken about the product but we know that we're going to hold them because what we talk talking about is so relatable now this is what we like to call revealing the hero we' talked about the villain we've talked about how much they suck now we're talking about the hero and how great they are and most importantly now we start to discuss how the hero is fixing all the problems that the villain made your product is Luke Skywalker the villain is Darth frustration we'll go with that bring It All Back to Basics back when shaving wasn't disposable the leaf Razer is all metal zero plastic and holds up to three non-proprietary metal razor blades and look and then all we're doing is we're listing the USPS we're listing why this product is better than the villains version this is essentially just a pitch for your product and how great it is but because we've already lined them up previously and we've prepared them for this section the audience often sticks around for longer during these pieces because well they want to find out what the solution is they want to see the payoff translation when you shave with the leaf Razer nothing is being wasted you can recycle the blades once you're done and the shaver itself will last you a lifetime with the proper care but you say that's all very good but eco-friendly products don't actually work now this is a big po we noticed in our research that a lot of people don't trust eco-friendly products they often think that they're just a more expensive version of the cheaper one and so we come back on the objection because we want people to go away from this video completely set on buying a leaf Razer actually it's the opposite at least with Leaf shave the Leaf's weighted head pivots in such a way that it Glides instead of drags so you know those legs of yours imagine this going over them and now most importantly we're showing demo footage we're showing the products in use to further sell your hero rather than this and you just have one or two razors loaded if you have sensitive skin so it's giving you full control over your body shave so say goodbye to Burns bumps and ingr with the leaf Razer hit the link below and get shaving now if we wanted to take this another step forward we could integrate some social proof here we could say that there's 10,000 happy Shavers already using the leaf Razer that could be a great variation that we could add in we didn't do it in this video however I think we should we should probably test that and then you'll notice the one thing that we end with there is a CTA we directly tell the customer to go and do something after they have viewed the video and that concludes the framework this framework right here that you've see we're hooking the viewer we're presenting the villain we're saying how bad they are we present the hero which is trying to defeat the villain and then we have some social proof we twist the knife a little bit and then we have a CTA that there is your killer framework that can be recycled through every single video that you make and let me prove it with some other examples this is a video here we did for a soap brand called the black stuff pay attention because you'll notice some some similarities there's a secret that in every bar of soap you you been using you now curiosity everyone wants to press the red button in this case everyone wants to find out what the secret is that is hidden in every bar of soap so we hook them to get them to keep watching there's a secret hidden in every bar of soap you've been using you've tried countless bars each promising softness moisture gentleness yet nothing changes your skin is dry irritated constantly itching and now in this video instead of you know saying an industry is the villain we're saying the traditional hope is the villain we're saying it leaves your skin itchy and dry and irritated it becomes undeniable the issue isn't you it's the chemicals the artificial scents the ingredients that never belonged anywhere near your skin most soaps aren't made with your skin in mind they're made to last longer on shelves to foam up just right and to make you feel clean even though you're not actually cleaning your skin you're stripping it the black stuff shifts the focus and then once we've Twisted the knife enough and we've shown the villain we are showing the hero the black stuff the soap that is better than any other soap Luke soap Walker that kind of works I'm sticking with that one no chemicals no artificial sense now this is all footage that we've shot in house look how cool that is like it's like a cool probe shot thing that we did because we want to show the product as the hero and one of the best ways to do that is to show it in the most epic ways you'll notice that there's like a clear difference look how he showing these minging bars of soap and then now we're showing ready now we're showing the black stuff with how cool it looks can you see what we're doing there it's very subtle but it really helps present the products hand activated charcoal draws out the bad stuff while natural oils hydrate your skin with a variety of sense each one designed to awaken your senses you'll discover the one that resonates with you just real soap made the way soap should be for your skin upgrade your soap switch to the black stuff and then we're giving them a CTA at the end super simple Le but still following those same Frameworks that we laid out in the last example we're presenting the villain saying how bad they are showing the hero and how they're out to fix everything and then giving you a CTA and to prove it one more time let me show you another example I personally really love this example this is for a chai company that we work with and you will see that we present the villain like straight away it is part of the hook essentially the internet is full of cheap hacks to help you sleep but here's something you first of all I absolutely love that effect we're cycling through sleep hack on the internet alone to show you how often it's spoken about on the internet and in this the internet is the villain and those viral sleep hacks that you always hear about and the hero is a good cup of chai the internet is full of cheap hacks to help you sleep but here's something you probably haven't tried a cup of chai not the sugary coffee shop version in fact we have a little bonus villain in this which is cheap coffee shop chai because a lot of people think that that's What Chai is but that isn't What Chai is and so what we're doing is we're hooking them in with a villain the internet and then we're saying hey what about this and we're teasing them with giving them the carrot in front of their head right we're getting them to chase us and then we're saying oh but there's another villain as well because that chai that we spoke about before is probably not the one that you're thinking about can you see there's layers to this it's like Shrek chai the way it's meant to be made because chai isn't just a drink it's a ritual and when done right it can actually help you sleep here's why the handm spices in chai and now we're explaining Why Chai is a sleep pack we're explaining the video for them we lined it up at first and now this is the payoff cardamom cinnamon Ginger aren't just for flavor they have naturally sedative properties that calm your nervous system and help your body unwind a warm drink before bed scientifically proven to signal to your brain that it's time to rest and because our decaf Masala chai has zero caffeine you get all the Comfort none of the late night Jitters no sugar no complicated recipes just a smooth spice chai one thing that is so important about these videos that you need to understand is that if you're hooking a customer in a potential customer in you're showing them a villain you need to have a good enough payoff just showing your product and then telling them to go buy it often isn't enough and so you need to show all these USPS and you need to explain why your product is the solution that's one thing that I see so many people do wrong when they try and make this type of ad is that the payoff just isn't worth it so there you have it the million dooll villain and hero script framework that we use all the time here at frago in fact we use this exact framework to scale a foot care brand 69% and decreased their CPA by 20% that's unreal all because of this framework if you're a brand that happens to spend over 70,000 every single month on ads then we should probably chat there's a link down below that you can book a call with me and hey if nothing else then you'll be able to write some fantastic scripts for your future ads subscribe if you want to see some more insights on how to scale your e-commerce brand fire the power of creative and I'll see you in the next one bye-bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @JacksonRosenbaum [5 likes]: Brother this is the video I've been looking for! Straight up giving you the rundown on what makes a good ad. Most videos litterly leave me questioning at the end if I actually know how to set up my ads. This made it obviously: hook, call out industry problem, show why your products the hero, handle objections on your product, CTA. Love this!
  2. @Joe_Edits [4 likes]: Great editing! Also love the shaving foam hook 😂
  3. @emiliotrevino807 [2 likes]: good sauce, man. Actually would be pretty nice if you show how long this ads have been running
  4. @jeremiahjones6912 [1 likes]: This is a great video. What about products that don't have a "villain" or problem they are solving. For instance, my product is jewelry and it's meant to be fun and fashionable. It doesn't necessarily solve a problem or have a "villain". So how can we use hook psychology in a situation like this?
  5. @podcast_Video_Editor [1 likes]: Loved it bro❤❤
  6. @amirsouguir7102 [1 likes]: Pure sauce 😮
  7. @ItsJoshHedges [1 likes]: Luke Soapwalker is actually my legal name, so no, you can not stick with that my friend.
  8. @AyuRahmawati-m8u: how to create the script on gdocs? how to syncronise the visuals and editings?
  9. @RenzoRiccetti: gold
  10. @molkasghaier8770: listen i love you but why dont u just say that this razor brand is basically a copy of the mens version brand i forgot its name and the soap bar is a uk version of dr squatch (and the creative strategy is basically swiping the other brands..)
  11. @NoctyraHQ: amazing video, looking forward to test out this method on my ads.
  12. @KashafMobeen-d1e5h: now i actually want to buy this product too good
  13. @popmotif2909: Great content as always Fraser. Do you have any videos on creating UGC specific scripts?
  14. @Ensar.Arslan: I'm really curious about this, Are you editing these videos? OR are you indicating the scenes that the editor should include in the script section?
  15. @Nahmannahman420: yo awesome video, learned a lot!
is it possible for you to link us to the Leaf razor ad? I want to show my ugc creator the concept, I sell supplements
  16. @Nahmannahman420: 10X better than nick Theriot, hate that guy
  17. @LoveSroOnline: Hey man, great video! Quick question, in the shaving ad you showed, they start with “plastic razors are expensive and bad for the environment,” then switch to burns, bumps, and ingrowns. From what I’ve studied, each of these pain points usually belongs to a different avatar/persona. Wouldn’t it be more effective to separate them into different ads/angles instead of mixing everything and broadening the audience too much?
  18. @therobkennedy: These ads look awesome! Nice work. 

All sounds good in theory - question is did they spend much on meta?
  19. @firlex_1891: the editing is good. I want to work with cpg and dtc brands but I dont know how. any tips you can help me with fraser?

- How to Write Winning Meta Ad Scripts ($450M Spent): Kind: captions Language: en After producing over 10,000 ads that's tied to 450 million in ad spend, I'd say I finally cracked the code of writing ad scripts that always perform. And there's no secret system. There's just a simple formula that you follow and ends in a well-performing ad. So, let's kick things off straight away with the first thing that every single good script needs and that is a hook. A hook works in a couple of key departments. The first one is the visual hook. What is the visual thing happening in the video that is going to hook the consumer? And then the script part, the copyrightiting, what's text is on the screen, what text is being said in a voice over. In fact, I've made a video on exactly that, how you can craft really great hooks. I go over what makes a good visual one, what makes a good audio one. But for the purposes of script writing, let's just focus on the actual words. >> How the leaf thorn is saving people. So, if you look at this example that we made for Leaf Shave, the guy says, "How the leaf thorn is saving people paired with an image of them holding the product covered in shaving foam." The reason we did this is cuz it actually proved really well in another video where we had a woman completely covered from head to toe in shaving cream. So, we did the same thing here. And then split screen underneath is them making the foam as well. So, there's a couple of visual cues that are going to tie in the customer here, but then audibly the actual script, what they're saying, we're enticing them into the video with curiosity. People might have no idea what the leaf thorn is, but they're intrigued because somehow it's saving people. The hook is arguably one of the most important factors of any video ad. Without a good hook, people will bounce and they won't ever buy your product. You are competing for attention on the feed and everybody wants that attention. So, the better the hook, the more relevant the hook is to your customer, the better chance you have that they're going to convert. I'd say one of the best psychological principles to use when creating a hook is curiosity. People love to watch something just to find out what happens. It's the same reason why if I told you not to think of a big pink elephant, you're probably going to think of a big pink elephant. We have this thing in our brain that makes us curious and makes us want to know more information or want to think about something. And so using that in your hook is a great way to grab people. A side note here, when you are making your hooks, you need to make sure that they are relevant to your customer. I've seen people have incredible hook rates, but the hook is not relevant in the slightest. And you can tell that by the hold rate being incredibly low. People aren't sticking around to watch the rest of the video. So once we've got the hook out of the way, the next thing we need to do is build the body of the script. One of my favorite script formats is the villain versus hero. I've spoken about this a few times on the channel because it always gives me consistent winning results and it's essentially when you show your product as the hero and an industry or a competitor product or perhaps even a habit as the villain. For example, let's say that you are selling a product that stops people from biting their nails. Then the villain of the piece is that urge to bite your nails. The hero your product that saves the day because it has stopped you from biting your nails. That is the script format we're going to be using. I'm going to be showing you throughout this entire video. So, make sure you stick around. In fact, we use it in this ad here for leaf shave. >> Clogged cartridge versus leaf razor. This is why your razor clogs so much. The head is so densely packed with plastic that it leaves no room for foam and hair to pass through. And this moisture strip is a gunk magnet. And it's we're showing a traditional razor and then we're breaking down why this razor sucks and why you simply shouldn't use it. We're displaying traditional cartridge razors as the villain >> full of undesirable ingredients. So why not take all that out, replace the body with sleek metal and self-insert blades? Then you'd have the [music] leaf razor clog test. >> And then we present the hero of the piece, in this case, the leaf [music] razor. And then we even go a step further because we demonstrate why cartridge razors are so bad. >> Leaf [music] rinse test. Leaf efficiency goes to the leaf razor. break up with the plastic and for >> because that's the other part of this script. Whenever you make some kind of claim, it's a really good idea to back it up with some kind of results, whether that's a medical study or an actual physical visual test that you can see in the video like we did here. Because you can say something to someone, but then showing it in action, showing the claim be true is instantly going to make them feel more confident in purchasing your product. The important thing to remember when you're writing these types of scripts is that when you're talking about your villain, you need to make them possibly seem worse than they are. Let's go back to that nailbiting example from before. You can do some research into the side effects that come from nailbiting and you can say how awful it is for your health. You can get infections, you can get hangails, all these different things because we're really kind of twisting the knife essentially. We want people to really feel hatred for this villain because then it makes it even more effective when you swoop in being the hero of the piece and your product comes to save the day. Think about any Marvel film that you've ever watched. They really make you hate the enemy, the villain. You see them tearing down Gotham City. You see them taking someone hostage. They do all these things so that in your brain you really hate this villain. But then as soon as the hero of the piece comes around, everything changes. You love Superman. you love Batman because they're here to save the day. And that's the exact same thing we want to do in these scripts. And that I think is probably one of the reasons why the script works so well is because it's something that people don't usually see in video ads. We're trying to tell a bit of a story here instead of just trying to sell them a product. So just to recap, the core things we have so far is the hook. That's section one. We need to grab attention. The next one is to introduce our villain of the piece and tell them why this villain is the worst. Thirdly, we want to introduce your product as the hero who is here to make everything way better. The fourth is the demo. We want some proof behind your claims. That can come in an actual demo like we saw or maybe even some social proof. And then part number five is your CTA. Where can people actually go to buy your product? A dozen times over in razor [music] refill savings. You can replace the blades for literally cents, whereas a cartridge is like $5 [music] per refill. Order your Leaf Razor today. >> And your CTA can really be that simple. You just need to inform people of where they can buy your product and maybe how much it is. If you've got a really compelling offer, you can throw that in there as well. People are going to take action if they don't know what action they need to take. You can also spice up this format with throwing in maybe some benefits. For example, in this same leaf shave example, we talk about how price efficient a leaf razor actually is. >> Smooth lifestyle, plastic free, and more affordable. Seriously, [music] I know it's more expensive, but this will pay for itself a dozen times over in razor [music] refill savings. You can replace the blades for literally cents, whereas a cartridge is like $5 [music] per refill. >> And the reason that we included that inside this video was because we have a lot of comments of people saying that it's really expensive or it's not affordable. And so we directly put a section within this video to combat that. So throughout the video, they go on a bit of a journey. They have their attention grabbed. They understand the problem and the villain of the piece, which is cartridge razors. They understand the hero, which is the leaf razor. And then they understand how it works and why it's so great with the product proof. And then we even throw in an extra benefit to help them with that doubt because they might not understand why it costs so much. And then finally, we throw in a CTA so that they know what to do after they've watched the video. It's the most simple format. I'd suggest that you go ahead and you actually learn how to write these scripts yourself, but if you want, you could use something like Gemini, for example. I don't have any specific prompts. I'd love to give it to you if I did. But usually, I just say that you want to already be aware going into the prompting stage that you know who this villain is so you can tell it that and then you want to present your product as the hero. If you have those two things, going into it and building a script in something like Gemini or Claude, whatever, is going to be much easier. Now, I know that throughout this video I've kind of shown the same brand, but I really want to show you another example of another niche where this exact format works. So, this is an ad that we made for Underbrush, which are a chewing gum brand. >> Your gum contains the same plastic compounds as partile. Polyvinyl acetate, udyne styrene. You're literally chewing rubber while it destroys your enamel. Underbrush uses real tree sap and rebuilds. >> So, what do we do for the first like 10 seconds of that video? We talk about how traditional gum is made out of all these random chemicals and that you're basically just chewing on rubber and then we present underbrush as the better alternative. We continue to educate people on the product and why it's so gray and the benefits of it. But it all started by building up this villain which is the traditional gum industry. And then we want to plant underbrush as the hero. You see how this format works. Even in shorter videos like this one, you can still build a narrative. You might not be able to twist the knife quite as much in the start of it, but you'll definitely still be able to build that narrative. Script writing is probably one of the most valuable skills that any creative strategist can have. And it's not a skill that you can just learn overnight. You need to do the reps and you need to learn the skills over and over again. The more scripts you write, the better they will be. Honestly, at this point, I've lost track of how many that I've written and the amount of scripts that I've taught people how to write. And also, how many people I've advised to not use AI and learn the skill before you lean on AI to write those scripts. The better that you understand what goes into a great script, the better you can guide an AI into writing one for you. Like I mentioned at the start of the video, this is the exact format that we use at Fraggle to make some killer creatives right now in 2026. And if you want to go deeper and learn my entire process of how to make killer meta ad creatives, I've got a video exactly for you. You can watch that one next if you want. And if you happen to be a DTOC brand that's spending over 70,000 on ads, I would love to have a conversation with you. There's a link down below to apply or you can scan the QR code on the screen. As always, hit the subscribe button if you've enjoyed this. Plenty more videos like this to come this year and I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @brotherbuilt_official [5 likes]: I have never commented on a youtube in my life but think now it´s time. Your whole account is such a great source of information. You answer THE questions that nobody else would. Please keep it going you are to be a 100% honest AMAZING. I hope you see this Fraser.
  2. @eyecprofitt [5 likes]: when is the  ad creative course coming out?
  3. @OVitorJota [4 likes]: golden content fraser
  4. @anuraglfc4lyf [2 likes]: Thanks again
  5. @Ranknora2 [1 likes]: Gold information
  6. @avneetkaur1545 [1 likes]: How can we get the pattern interrupt visuals ?? Script is sometimes okay to write after a research - but we stuck at visuals like for a particular product how we can get the pattern interrupt visuals 

Like really here’s where I get stucked most of the times - but really really like your way of explaining - a huge thanks fraser 

Would love if you can launch a course for people who want to research for scripts & visuals effectively - because main thing starts here
  7. @Shashwat_real [1 likes]: Fraser, could you please tell me who does your thumbnails? They're great, and I'd love to connect
  8. @cristian.daczo1: Whats the way to get starting with learning scriptwriting? I would really appreciate some instructions
  9. @ChrisMenendez609: What Elevenlabs voice were you using for the razor ad?
  10. @sksw23: you're so goood at this that you made me want to buy the razor 😂😂😭😭
  11. @sufers2.0: Edit💀 motion graphics 🥷
  12. @WalkerLeVan: How's the new course coming along? :)
  13. @ICEBATHPRO: can you make video on how to do this when we dont have access to UGC
  14. @stanislav3114: when were you making these ads for leaf shave? I'd love to find them on Facebook ads library to study
  15. @koffee_weird1619: Hi Fraser, I am a new sub, your content has been really helpful 

But I have a question, something that has been confusing me 


What’s the meaning of a concept 
What does a new video concept mean 
Are they for example podcast styles, car talking videos 
Is it the same thing as an angle 
What makes a good concept 
I’d really appreciate your answer cause ChatGPT seems to be confusing me even further
  16. @cristian.daczo1: Hey Fraser, can you please correct my defintion of the Angle (i'm soo confused): 

For example: Coffee doesn’t give focus — it creates unstable stimulation.

This is your Core Message that you are trying to portray to your customer through your ad. (what you want the customer avatar to believe)

The Angle is the strategic approach you present this message in your ad, it can be presented as this information was found by a research in China lets say and therefore this is called a Discovery angle, OR you may communicate this message through explaining the mechanism of how coffee is bad for you as it spikes the cortisol and then you get the afternoon crash and then how to fix it with our product and therefore this is a Mechanism Reveal angle.  

I think I am a bit off here so can you please redirect me and give me an example so I can easily understand it?🙏🙏🙏
  17. @RyaneTully: When you get a winning ad, how do you decide how much money to re-invest in it? e.g. if its a 8x ROAS, I assume you pump as much money into it - but maybe if its 3.2x you'll only reinvest 25%?

Would love to understand how you go about making that decision.

- how i write 6 figure ugc ad scripts: Kind: captions Language: en don't write as if you're writing an ad write as if you're talking to a friend what is up ugc creators if you're new to my channel my name is Da I am a copywriter and creative strategist so I work on the brand side of things and have a couple videos on my channel already where I give tips to ugc creators on what creative strategist or Founders are looking for when they want to hire a Creator so how you can stand out and also make more money in this video I want to get into the nitty-gritty and talk about script writing cuz that is a big part of your work as a Creator some Brands share briefs other brands don't and just as much as your visual creativity and Cadence and tone and Vibe on camera is important the copyrighting is equally important because that will make or break whether the ad actually converts or the organic ugc content converts so as I said because I'm a copywriter and I work as a creative strategist I've written hundreds of AD scripts definitely over 500 like in the past year alone I've written one every single day for the brands that I work with or if I wasn't writing one I was reviewing or editing creators uh script so everything I'm going to share is from experience literally off the top of my head I have a few notes here that I thought about when I decided to make this video and I'm just going to kind of Riff Off whatever comes to mind I'm really excited so if you're interested in marketing kind of leveling up in the UDC space definitely consider subscribing to my channel and I also have a newsletter it's called the digital marketing Diaries I Shar tidbits about my life as a solo preneur in marketing and also copyrighting tips for creators Freelancers brand owners and that sort of thing it's always in the description and all my social media as well so when I'm coming up with a script from scratch and let's say the brand doesn't send you a brief or is very open with what you bring to the table I always think about what the hook is first because the hook becomes the angle for me and I really base the whole script off of okay so let's use this lip liner as the product let's just say it's waterproof and it just stays all day no matter what you do you eat you drink you talk it stays on it stays on all day you can have an angle that's like get ready with me right that could be the angle but the hook then really defines the script how are we going to get people interested to even get ready with me to talk about this lip liner right so I'll start to visualize and kind of think about the target audience hopefully the brand has said that information the target audience what they would really care about what would really matter is the problem that they're having so they might be a student and they want to make sure their lip liner is on all day long or they might work at a restaurant or I don't know some there's there's so many different angles you could take what's coming to mind for me right now literally off the top of my head is a date night going on a first date and having your lip liner stay on all day throughout the dinner maybe you have a kiss it stays on after that too let's say that is now the more specific angle that we're getting into get ready with me for for a date night and let's see how long this lip liner lasts now you have that then you can get into writing out a bunch of different hooks that you think would resonate with this person that might care about having their lip liner stay on all day long at a date so you could do a negative hook I would never use this lip liner which not the brands but another one I would never use this lip liner if I was going on a first date again or you could do a hook like this lip liner stayed on for my 24-hour date get ready with me for a second date and then you kind of share the story about a second date for like 5 seconds and then you get into the lip liner that kind of thing you know what I mean hopefully that's clear so I'll think about the angle and then I'll think about the deeper angle or concept and then I'll start to brainstorm Hooks and from there usually you know when you're submitting your U see you might do three hooks you might do four hooks two hooks whatever the case is you'll think about that and you can maybe pull out so let's say you write 10 you can then pull out the top three and go from there so as much as that verbal Hook is really important what's also important is the visual hook so you can actually say a a verbal hook and have different text on screen and then visuals that maybe juxtapose all of that you know what I mean so your visual Hook is equally important and something you should also think about when you're writing your verbal hooks when I'm thinking about this random get ready with me idea that I that I've come up with I'm imagining a girl sitting in front of her vanity you know she plops her phone down maybe she's wearing a nice dress or maybe she's about to curl her hair or she's like in in the middle of doing the lip liner as she's talking I'm imagining that as I write the hooks so then we can seamlessly incorporate all of this together right like she could be in an Uber but it's just the back seat of her own car like there's so many ways to make it intriguing and what we would call in marketing a pattern interrupt so you know there's tons of videos people are scrolling through what's going to actually make them stop and be like wo this is kind of crazy like this girl is in an Uber doing a get ready with me like that kind of thing like an alal effect or or something along those lines so it's really important to think about the visual hook as well what kind of visuals are you going to use in the first 3 to 5 Seconds to make it intriguing but also match what you're saying now it's so important to ensure that your visual Hook is not too far off from what you're actually promoting because there are a lot of crazy visual hooks you could make that could stop the scroll that could interrupt the pattern but if people then continue people then see that the video is not about what they initially stopped for it's going to the watch time is going to be low and the CPC is going to be high so this is important just because you can put some crazy visual hook doesn't mean you should it should always match and you can play around with things there are a lot of brands that do fun things like for example your sunscreen brand you want to show how well your sunscreen works a lot of Brands I see have been doing putting sunscreen on like a toast on a piece of toast and then toasting it and then you can see like where it's burnt and where they have the sunscreen where they don't but that's like a crazy visual hook that's like whoa what's what's this I'm going to I'm intrigued and maybe the text on screen says something about sunscreen so it makes it make sense and then you watch the video and then you learn about the sunscreen that kind of thing so make sure to think about your Visual and verbal hooks simultaneously and be open think of as many ideas as possible then narrow it down to the top three by thinking as if you were the target audience ugc creation is not just about coming on to camera and making quirky little videos and going about your day if you want to make it a full-time career then you need to create Concepts and write scripts that convert and in order to do that you really need to take time to do the research and think about things especially if the brands are not already handing you briefs and that and that sort of thing and what's amazing is that if you become if your ad really works chances are the brand is going to continue coming back for more videos because the creators play a big role you could have two creators do the same video and one Creator will just resonate more with the audience that's just how things work sometimes so if you end up being that Creator by you know coming up with a cool concept and also having A1 visuals and whatnot you can secure retainers and have clients work with you long term the next thing that you want to think about after the hook is what I like to call the second hook or the lead you know everyone talks about the hook maybe you didn't even learn anything from what I just said hopefully you you did but nobody talks about after the hook because people are going to click off as a creative strategist I know that majority of people aren't watching H after like 20 30 seconds of an ad if you have you know a watch rate that's really high that means you're doing something extremely good but if you want to increase watch time you need to start thinking honestly about every sentence as a hook but especially what comes right after your original hook so 3 to 5 seconds is your original hook then up to the 15sec mark you should treat as another hook and what I like to do is ensure that whatever phrase you're saying after the hook seamlessly guides in but there's still some stuff left out so there's curiosity building so let's say we went with the example of get ready with me while I talk about how this lip liner ruined my first date with a guy so I might say something after that line like but can we talk about how nerve-wracking going on a first date is that's why I love to use makeup products that make me feel confident because that's probably a pillar of what you know the brand wants to talk about in terms of having lip liner that stays on you all day long so you can feel confident all day long that kind of thing just Dr like it doesn't immediately scream ad when you say can we talk about how nerve-wracking a first date is I was literally shaking and then go into that's why when I'm putting on makeup I want it to last all day long so I can just focus on you know getting to know them and not whether my lip liner is smudged everywhere that kind of thing and that in and of itself is another hook to guide people into the storyline now we're using some storytelling and we're guiding people into what we have to say about this particular lip liner that we said something negative about in the beginning and for this example you could probably like actually use the Brand's lip liner as the one that you say I would never use this again and go into the fact that it stayed on for 3 days straight because it's so good that kind of thing so it's so important to think about the next 10 seconds after the 5-second hook both Visual and verbal as a second hook as a lead into the meat of the ad because if you get people watching until after that point chances are they're going to click on the product and look into it more maybe they're not going to buy but they're going to at least click onto it or add it to their cart and that's what we want we want to get them to stay so we need to be strategic so I would say storytelling is really important for this but also thinking of maybe a second hook so what you can do is look at your list of 10 hooks that you put on your sheet and see if you can say one of those 10 hooks after the hook in a way that is seamless that doesn't seem like oh you're you're just like saying random stuff it's like a seamless transition see if there's a way you can mend that so that's why I think in the beginning the data and the research really important coming up with a bunch of visual ideas a bunch of hook ideas and then using those throughout the ad to ensure that people will continue watching because they're so curious because there's so much strategic Copy being used all the way through so after you finish this first 15sec part of the script then you would get into the meat of it which sometimes is referred to as the base of the script and this is where you usually start to State the problem so maybe you go through your storyline oh my goodness I want to feel confident I don't want to feel like I'm thinking about whether my lip liner is smudged I've used literally 25 different lip liners before holds up 25 different lip liners and none of them lasts after I eat after I drink but this one stayed on for 25 like you know just go off and talk about how amazing the product is sating the problem is really important obviously but I think a lot of times creators and even sometimes brand owners Miss what the problem actually is and or they stick to the problem too long that you want to State the problem but you don't want to drive into it and make the whole thing about the problem because as a woman if you care about lip liner you know yeah there most lip liners are bad it's amazing to find one that lasts all day long and is the perfect color and feels good and blah blah blah so just add it in there and continue on sharing the good news sharing the tea that they want that they want to know about girl tell me what this lip liner actually is and why should get it you know and then on the flip side sometimes we have the wrong problem so we might think that the problem is that the lip liner doesn't last all day but the problem is that there are a lot of lip liners that last all day but they never have my shade but thankfully this one that we're promoting has 40 different shades so you're guaranteed to have that so you should focus on sharing that specific part of the problem rather than the fact that it's long lasting if that makes sense so it's like the unique mechanism or the thing that separates this brand that you're promoting from others so maybe the brand gives you this information if they don't you can again increase the chances of it performing better by doing your research and really digging into this audience and what they truly care about and incorporating that into the script which will again make them continue watching longer which is the goal or have them click onto the website obviously all of this comes down to working with brands that actually have good products because that helps if there's a bad product people are not going to buy it but if that's out of the way you're you're promoting a good product all of these little details will make such a big difference especially when it comes to paid advertising so I have on my notes the next step after the problem is the solution the unique mechanism and you can see why I said not to drag out the problem too much because you can easily pair the problem solution and unique mechanism into like one or two sentences I used to go to Sephora and see that there are so many lip liners that are long lasting but they never had shades for me this brand literally has 40 Shades it matches the exact l shade I was looking for and it lasts 24 hours because of this natural ingredient they put in it that sticks to your lip skin something like that you know what I mean you can easily share that in two seconds rather than dragging on the fact that you know there are 50 brands in Sephora and all of them are only last 10 hours but then there was this brand and that brand instead of dragging it on just grouping everything in together Sly while keeping it authentic and actually giving them the information that they want that will make them click add to card or purchase because oh my goodness it has this natural ingredient that's meant to stick to the skin on your lip those little details in your script writing make all the difference what words are you using I find that a lot of times people are writing scripts they write as if they're writing an ad write as if you're talking to a friend or you're the person who would buy it and how you would explain it to someone if you wanted to sell it to them like girl you should buy this or boy you should buy this it's really good I talk about this in my most recent video about ugc you really want to have a Cadence and tone that's not like you're a brand is paying you to make some commercial for them that's authentic that feels like user generated content it feels like someone opened up Tik Tok and is talking about how amazing a product is even if that's not the case now next part of your script you usually include some sort of social proof or testimonial you don't always need to include these aspects you don't need to stick to there's a lot of these like modular formats that people talk about and stick to which are great but you don't always need to include them in every single script because this one this example one that I'm sharing is a very Visual and you're showing examples maybe she's including photos of her in the beginning of the night at the end of the night and is talking about her next date and that kind of thing you don't necessarily need to include a ton of social proof because it's like that is the social proof and the testimonial could be a quick sentence at the end of the video being like if I could subscribe to this lip liner for the rest of my life I would or I've never purchased purchased a second lip liner before it finished but I will be doing that for this one or something like that you know it's like authentic and it's a testimonial to the brand and how well it works but it doesn't feel again like an ad you can save that advertising feel for the CTA you can click the link below to purchase your lip liner you won't regret it something corny like that those ctas are really important you have to tell people what to do that's just how it works we've AB tested a lot of ads where you have a clear CTA you don't have a CTA people don't click it because you didn't say to click it click tell them to click it whatever but you can save that salness for the end of the video chances are again if they watch they're going to click it anyways right but yeah you can mix and match the testimonial or the social proof in terms of it being very visual or actually showing testimonials from the website it all depends on the brand that you're working with but you don't always need to include it depending on the angle if it's going to throw off the feel of what you have going on so yeah hopefully me sharing my thought process when I go about writing ad scripts was helpful for you if it was let me know in the comments and maybe some questions I'm happy to answer or do a part two maybe where I go in depth and write a script live or something like that bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @alansvisuals [6 likes]: Id love a deep dive where you write an ad!
  2. @aanchalb6489 [1 likes]: This was so helpful 💖💖
  3. @UGCTofunmi [1 likes]: Love This!!😮‍💨😮‍💨
  4. @jiachenhong6781: Thank you for the sauce!!! And is it possible to get scripts from you?😂
  5. @sydaiyarehema9088: This was great!! Thank you! 👏🏽
  6. @Pryyyllllll: You were lovely in this , thank you
  7. @Fantasticfive2: Really good and strategic! I want to build a personal brand without being salesy. I have to work on my hooks 😭
  8. @oshawa_shanae: This was very helpful
  9. @Sometimestylor: You’re so clever! This video helped a lot thank you ✨💗  I’d love to have you as my teacher lol
  10. @Mirym3: This amazing video saved me🥰❣️

- How to Write a High-Converting UGC Script in 10 Minutes or Less: Kind: captions Language: en In the past six months, my [music] team has written over a thousand Facebook ads scripts using AI that have generated millions in revenue for e-commerce brands. And here's what so many people get wrong. Difference between ads that flop and ads that print money isn't AI tool you're using. It's the system you feed into it. I'm Chris, founder of Adacted, the premier e-commerce growth partner. And look, I know you're already using AI to write your scripts. Everyone is. The problem is most people are just typing [music] stuff like, "Write me a Facebook ad for my product." And hoping for the best. That's why your ads sound generic. That's why they don't convert. Here's what actually works. Every high converting Facebook ad has two components: [music] angle and format. The angle is your core marketing message. It's the main perspective you use to present your product. A protein bar could be the perfect post-workout fuel or a healthy afternoon snack for busy parents. Same product but completely different angles. The format is how you execute that angle. A founder style video, us versus them comparison, static ad with bullet [music] points. These are formats. Most people feed AI a product description and ask it to [music] be creative. But AI doesn't know your customer's pain points. It doesn't know which angle will resonate. Doesn't know what format [music] performs best in your niche. Today, I'm showing you the exact five-step system we use to turn AI from a mediocre copywriter into a conversion machine. This is how we consistently write Facebook ad scripts that actually get sales. Let's get into it. The first step is finding ideas that actually have a chance of working. Here's the thing. You don't need to reinvent the wheel. Best ideas already exist. You just need to know where to look. Here are my five favorite sources. Number one is Tik [music] Tok feed. Scroll through Tik Tok and look for content that's getting traction in your industry. And also look at adjacent industries [music] just outside your niche. Open up a Google sheet and save the videos that have the most views and engagement. Second one is Ad Spy. [music] The way we use Ad Spy is we search for our favorite brands and competitors and then filter by shares. This shows us ads that have gotten the most traction. [music] Just make sure you're not looking at ads that are too old. Try to look for ads that have gotten traction in the past [music] 6 to 12 months. Third one is meta ads library. While it's a great tool, be cautious. The fact that an ad has been running for a long time doesn't mean it's a winner. Some brands deliberately leave older ads active that are not getting any spend to confuse people who rip off. When looking for inspiration in metadat library, use your own judgment and do [music] just that. Look for inspiration. Then we have foreplay or atria. These are kind of like a second layer to meta ads library. You can save ads there from the metadat library to easily get transcripts and you can also browse the history that they have inside the app. Then another way to get content ideas is to iterate on your [music] existing winners. If you have a video that's already converting, don't just leave it laying around. Use it for inspiration as well. The key here is pattern recognition. You're exploring what angles resonate with your audience and adapting [music] them to your brand. Now, before you write a single word, you need to do some [music] research. I can say from personal experience, even professional creative strategists [music] don't spend enough time in this phase. Yes, jumping straight into writing is way more fun, but without good research, you're going to be wasting creators time. the editor's time and ad spent. So, you definitely want to stack the odds in your favor and that's why you do research. So, here are the most important things you should know about your product before you start writing scripts. Features, what does [music] it do? Benefits, what does the customer get? Painpoints, what problem does it solve? Objections, why might someone not buy? [music] Failed solutions, what have they tried before that didn't work? trigger events, what moment makes them realize they need [music] this and driving emotions. What emotions motivate the purchase? [music] So, how to gather this information? Here are my five favorite steps. Number one, start from your product page. Use Claude or Chat GPT [music] to speed up the process. Copy your product page, paste it into Claude, and [music] ask it to extract the list above. If your product page doesn't have enough information or you need something new, follow step number two, which is Amazon reviews. Find a similar product to yours in Amazon. Then there's an app called Appify. Use it to scrape the reviews, then run them through the customer review mining prompt. I'll share this later and also in [music] the description. This will give you real customer language. Gold for ad copy. When mining reviews, I typically segment positive and negative reviews separately because both are equally important. Then one of my favorites is just reading up on Reddit. Search your product category on Reddit. Look for a threads where people are asking for solutions. This is where you find trigger events and failed solutions. Then look into meta [music] ad comments. Open your ads, read the comments, and look for frequently asked questions and objections that keep [music] coming up. If people are saying it's too expensive, you need to address that in your script. At tip number five, use post-purchase surveys. I typically use triple whale to set this up. [music] It doesn't interfere with your site. The questions I like to ask are which of the following led to your purchase [music] today. You can list Facebook, Instagram, etc. Are you buying this as a gift or [music] who are you buying this for? You can have uh yes, no, other uh stuff like that. Then what made you almost not buy today? People can answer stuff like hard to navigate website, too expensive, not sure of fit or size, not sure of quality, and so on. And one of my favorites also is what is the main reason you bought and so on. Put all of this into a marketing research document. This becomes your home base. Every script you write starts pulling from this. So, all right, now we get [music] to the actual writing. And here's my controversial take. I really suggest you write some scripts without AI first. After doing research, your brain is going to be full of fun and exciting [music] ideas. And very often, you're able to jump into writing right away. Write, write, write right until you've put all your ideas in the paper or I guess you've written them digitally and only then start using AI tools. [music] Why? Because you can then use those fresh ideas that are uniquely yours to kickstart the process. [music] Your uniqueness is your competitive edge. But now when you start writing with AI, use [music] Claude. I've tried chat GPT, Gemini, Grock, Kimmy, stuff like [music] that. I haven't found anything that sounds more natural than Claude so far. Now, there are two methods that we mainly like to use. The first one is the copycat method. It's a really simple two-step prompt. Step number one is to input the inspiration script and write analyze the tone, style, flow of this script. Once it finishes, follow up with the second [music] prompt. I need a new script for a new creator. This script that I gave you was a winning script. So, I want you to take inspiration from it, but I don't want it to be too similar. People have already seen the previous script. This would be for another brand called X. The product is X. I added the research document for info. Try to incorporate the reviews and the research sheet. Then paste your research [music] in there. You can also run it without adding your research document first to utilize the base knowledge of the large language model. Then there's the second method that I call the context document method. This is where you make a cloud project where you teach it how to make a certain style [music] of ad. For example, you make a guide around how to write a problem solution Facebook ad script. You then upload your brand research and ask it [music] to follow the guide to write new ads. To get these context documents, you can take transcripts from your favorite YouTube videos [music] and ask an LLM to make the video into an actionable guide. But honestly, if you can use your own unique knowledge, that's where your advantage is [music] going to come from. The key is specificity. You need to give the LLM enough of the right knowledge, but not to overwhelm it with pages of slopp information. Treat it like an assistant. Now, once you've written some scripts, it's time for revisions. This is where the magic is going to happen. Your first draft is never [music] your final draft, ever. Here's what you do. Read it out loud. Does it sound natural? If you stumble over a sentence, [music] rewrite it. If it sounds like a robot wrote it, rewrite it. Cut it down. AI tends to write too long. Your job is to trim the fat. Every sentence should serve a purpose. If it doesn't move the viewer closer to the sale, [music] delete it. Rewrite for the fifth grade reading level. Seriously, paste your script into the Hemingway editor and simplify. Short sentences, simple words, clear ideas. And here's a pro tip. Use revision prompts. Some of my favorites are write it from a third person perspective or make it shorter or give me five hooks that utilize the open loop psychology. Revision is where good scripts become great scripts. So now that you've got your final script, it's time to bring it to life. You have a few options here. Can shoot it yourself. If you're the founder or you're comfortable in front of the camera, this is the most authentic [music] option. People trust familiar faces. Or you can use Arats. This is an AI tool that generates UGC style videos from your script. It's fast, it's cheap, and it works for testing. When editing, use a lot of realworld B-roll to cover up the AI creator. Think 80% B-roll, 20% creator, or you can hire a UGC creator or even an actor. You can use platforms, but honestly, our best creators have come from running ads with specific criteria. So what we do is we set our own questions. We filter for quality and we build our own custom roster of creators. We typically run ads in meta on X on LinkedIn stuff like [music] that. And if you want to keep your competitive advantage, don't hire creators from the same places as everyone else does. Typically when the creator doesn't charge a lot of money, a lot of companies use them. And so the faces become saturated. People know that, oh, it's a familiar creator that has already promoted this and this and that. >> [music] >> So it can become harder to convert someone. So try to find your own unique sources. So now once you have the footage, editing is key. Keep it tight. Add captions, [music] use pattern interrupts, so on. So all right, let's recap. Writing a high converting Facebook ad script comes down to five steps. Idea. Find what's already working and adapt it. [music] Research. Know your customer better than they know themselves. Script writing. Use structure and AI to speed up the process. Revising. Cut, simplify, and make it sound human [music] content. Bring it to life with video. If you follow this system, you'll never struggle with ad scripts [music] again. And look, I've spent years refining this process. If you want to skip the trial and error, I've got the resources below, prompts, templates, and tools that'll speed this up for you. And now, I want to hear from you. What's the biggest challenge you face when writing ad scripts? Drop it in the comments below. And if you found this helpful, hit subscribe. I'm dropping new videos on how to grow your e-commerce brand with better ads. See you [music] in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Miracle-akonobi [1 likes]: Just subscribed man 🎉
Btw does this work for only ecom or also info?
  2. @kasperh9 [1 likes]: The value in this video is actually insane. Thank you for sharing this!
  3. @anime_galaxy278: it would be better if you just show an example
  4. @divyv20: Hey Chris, really nice video! I can see that you and your content have lots of potential and you can really kill with it but there are few things i noticed if fixed can fastrack the growth immediately. Most creators focus only on fancy edits and good-looking thumbnails, but the real growth comes from the right content ideas, angle selection, scripting flow, and thumbnails that actually resonate with a larger pool of viewers. When all of that aligns, people click instantly and watch your videos fully which is what triggers fast channel growth. You can see many who get great results and growth within first few months or weeks of starting not because they were lucky but because of following the right strategies. If you want, I can share how we can apply this into your channel and videos?

- Impact of Youtube Content Creators as Product Endorsers on the Consumers' Buying Behavior: Kind: captions Language: en good day everyone we are the researchers from abm 12 patchouli and we are here today to present our proposal entitled the impact of youtube content creators as product endorsers on the consumer's buying behavior let us first start with the problem and its background utilization of internet platforms has been significant in product endorsements most especially amidst govid19 pandemic through the internet people are served with information communications and needs with the foregoing the purpose of the study is to examine and assess the effects of user generated content in youtube videos on consumer purchase intentions as well as looking at the relationship of brand awareness and brand image and its effectiveness in the underlying effects of e-commerce implications we all know that youtube is one of the most popular video sharing platforms in the internet as of 2021 it has 1.86 billion users all across the world as a result youtube continues to expand in order to keep up with the needs of its users with this content creators connecting with their audience on a regular basis their influence on products and brand choices will have an impact on their audience choices too theoretical framework as seen in the figure features influencing consumers buying behavior by armstrong and cutler these characteristics are also linked to influence the consumers buying buying habits that are discussed by youtubers consumers buying behavior is influenced by social personal and psychological factors conceptual frameworks e-commerce and social media have become more popular through this dissemination of digital materials businesses and brands are able to detect analyze and address the needs of their customers in order to profit the relationship of youtube advertisement and consumer's buying behavior is visualized using this conceptual paradigm next let us move on to the statement of the problem this study aims to assess as product endorsers on the buying behavior of selected consumers from metro manila quezon city specifically this will seek answers to the following questions related to the profile of respondents description of product endorsement assessment of the respondents and factors that affect the consumer's spying behavior significance of the study the researchers ensure that it creates and enable to portrait to benefit the content creator in youtube online shopping platforms consumers social media platform online entrepreneurs teachers students for they will be provided broad and expanded knowledge about the impact of youtube content creator as a product endorser on the consumer buying behavior it also seeks to provide guidance and support in doing research study related to our topic for our future researchers for our scope and the limitation it will covers 50 respondents around question city metro manila philippines in the year 2021 typically this proposed with the significant relationship of the influence of youtube content creator in social personal and psychological features of consumers however those who do not utilize youth advertising platform will not be included as a respondent in addition to that in order to strengthen the framework of the study the researchers read from books articles journals and studies on the involvement relating to the theme of e-commerce marketing and youtube platform characteristics of e-commerce consumers utilization of youtube content creators as product endorsers impact of youtube content creators and factors that affect the consumer buying behavior methodology the researcher will be discussing the methods and procedures that will be used for this study it will also explain the research design respondents sampling technique and research instrument as well as how the data were treated and constructed [Music] research design in order to achieve the objective of this paper the researcher used descriptive method the descriptive method was utilized since it will collect data to deliberately depict a peculiarity circumstance or pokemons and it also collect collect data that are used to answer a wide range respondents the respondents in this study will be 50 consumer who utilizing youtube as an entertainment information and shopping tool moreover the researchers will need 25 men and 25 women around guests and sneaky sampling technique in order to better mean the respondents of the study propositive sampling technique will be used respondents are selected based on the needs of the study people would not need the purpose of study with their checklist thus only those who watched bugs or youtube content will be included in the study using this technique for research instrument it is used to gather appropriate data that is needed in the study and survey questionnaires is an instrument that the researchers will utilize to gather appropriate data survey questionnaires a survey questionnaire will be prepared in order for the researchers to obtain the needed information and it will only be utilized as the basis of the flow the first part of the questionnaire will include informations about the respondent such as their age sex and occupation second part of the questionnaire will include the questions that are mainly focused on their buying behavior with the influence of different social media influencers lastly the last part of the questionnaire will include the questions that are focused on how retrievers can influence their audience as preferences construction and validation of instrument in order to have a specific objective for the possible content of the survey questioners the researchers went through the online through the internet as well as different online libraries to search and read about previous documents and studies that are related to the chosen topic administration and retrieval of instrument and data analysis the researchers will ask permission from their advisors to conduct a survey questionnaire training through online platforms such as messenger and google meet a letter will be given to advisors outlining the progress of the data collection for the data analysis this is where all the data were gathered calculated and interpreted and the research which will utilize three statistical tools versus frequency and percentage distribution this will help to answer problem number one which is the profile of the respondents as the age sex and employment status in the formula is percentage is equal to frequency divided by the number of respondents times the candle the next one is weighted mean four point lighter bigger scale will be used to determine if there is a significant difference in the respondents assessment of the extent of impact of the youtube content readers product enrollment on the consumer buying paper for is the highest and one is per dollars all photos used in the presentation are retrieved from google and the references can be found on the last page of the research proposal thank you for listening to our research proposal and god bless so you

- The Art of Selling a Feeling: The Rise of Consumer Goods Marketing: Kind: captions Language: en why do we buy what we buy is it the taste of the olive oil the sparkle of water or the comfort of the sneaker or is it something deeper take for example a bottle of graza olive oil it's not just an oil but it's a statement piece for your kitchen liquid death it's water that makes you feel like you're breaking the rules these Brands aren't selling products they're selling feelings confidence Rebellion belonging today we're diving into the psychology behind the products we love why do certain brands make us feel something and why is that feeling worth more than the product itself spoiler alert it's not about what's in the bottle it's about what's in your mind but before we jump in let me paint you a picture think back about how we used to buy things say 20 years ago you needed olive oil you go to the store pick up whatever brand your mom used and that was about it but now now we're joining weight lists for olive oil drops like their limited edition sneakers what changed let's start off with a brief history because this shift didn't happen just overnight in the early 1900s marketing was pretty straightforward companies would basically just say well here's our product here's what it does and here's why it's better than the competition take this here's catalog it was revolutionary at his time but looking look at it now it's almost charmingly simple just some products descriptions and prices no lifestyle shots no emotional storytelling no brand identity just cold hard facts but then something interesting happened in the 1920s advertisers started to realize something profound people don't want to just buy products they buy better versions of themselves Edward Bernies Sigman fud's nephew was actually one of the first people to tap into this he realized that you can sell products by connecting them to people's unconscious desires and emotions let me paint you a perfect example in the 1920s Bernies was hired by the American Tobacco Company to get more women to smoke now at this time it was taboo for women to smoke in public so what did he do he organized a group of women to light up cigarettes in an Easter Sunday parade in New York but here's the genius part he marketed these cigarettes as torches of Freedom suddenly smoking wasn't just about tobacco it was about woman's Liberation he turned cigarettes into a symbol of empowerment now obviously today we know smoking is harmful but the marketing technique that was revolutionary fast forward to today and we're seeing Brands take this emotional marketing to a whole new level now let's talk about our two star examples graza and liquid death first off graza you know what's fascinating about this brand they took what was one of the oldest food products in human history and completely reimagined how we interact with it the product itself it's good allive oil but that's not really what they're selling let's break down their marketing piece by piece first there's the bottle design that squeeze bottle isn't just convenient it's making a statement it's saying hey we're not your grandmother's olive oil we're not precious we're here to be used not saved for special occasion and then there's that color that bold bright green it's not trying to look expensive or traditional it's modern fun almost rebellious when you leave it out on your counter it's not just a cooking ingredient it's basically a kitchen decor but here's what really gets interesting their social media isn't filled with some serious cooking tutorials or traditional Italian recipes instead it's casual approachable content it's people drizzling olive oil on pizza making simple pasta dishes or just dipping bread in olive oil they're selling a feeling of being an effortlessly cool homecook someone who who knows good food but isn't pretentious about it and let me tell you it works the first batch sold out in hours and they've built this almost cult-like following now let's also take liquid death let that name sink in for a minute water call death in a tall boy can that looks like it should be holding beer it's absolutely ridiculous and that's exactly why it works that's the genius of liquid death it's isn't just that they made water edgy it's that they understood something fundamental about their target market they realized that there was this huge group of people who felt alienated by traditional water brands you know all those pristine mountain springs and wellness messaging now instead they went completely counterculture their tagline murder your thirst their marketing campaigns they include things like supplying their water to death metal concerts and creating horror movie trailers about killer water and here's what's fascinating they've turned hydration into a form of rebellion think about that for a second they made drinking water punk rock I mean that's marketing genius on a whole another level let's dive into the psychology behind why those approaches work so well studies in consumer psychology have shown that we make purchasing decisions in our emotional brain first and then we use a rational brain to justify the purchase afterwards Dr Antonio deasio a renowned neuroscientist actually studied people who had damaged that part of the brain responsible for emotions know what he found these people couldn't make decisions about what to buy even though they all the pros and cons without emotional input they're Paralyzed by choice and this is exactly what these modern Brands understand they're not trying to win the rational argument they're trying to win the emotional one now let's talk about how social media has completely transformed this emotional marketing landscape because this is where these Brands really shine take rza's Instagram account they rarely post about the technical aspects of their olive oil instead they post these gorgeously casual videos of people cooking really simple meals it's all about creating what marketers call aspirational but achievable content when you watch someone drizzle that green bottle over a perfectly imperfect bowl of pasta you think hey I could do that and that's exactly what they want now liquid death takes a completely different approach on social media but it's equally brilliant they lean into meme culture they create content that people want to share not because it's advertising but because it's entertaining they released a heavy metal album made from hate comments they created a horror movie trailer about killer water this isn't just marketing It's Entertainment and that's a crucial distinction because when people share these videos or posts they're not sharing an ad they're sharing something that may laugh something that aligns with their sense of humor in identity both of these brands have managed to create something even more valuable than viral content what they've created is communities when you buy graza olive oil you're not just getting a kitchen staple you're joining a community of people who care about cooking but don't take it too seriously now when you drink liquid death you're part of this in joke this movement of simultaneously making fun and revolutionizing beverage marketing and this community aspect it's absolute gold for Brands because when people feel like they're part of something they become brand Advocates they're not just consumers anymore they're ambassadors I mean think about it when's the last time you posted about a regular bottle of olive oil on social media but graza bottles show up on Instagram stories constantly when was the last time you took a picture of your yourself drinking water but people actually proudly post their liquid death cans so where is this all headed what's the future of emotional marketing look like first off we're seeing the rise of what I call Micro emotional targeting thanks to Ai and advanced data analytics brands are getting better at understanding not just what we buy but how we feel when we buy it think about how Netflix recommends shows based on your your watching habits now imagine that level of personalization but for emotional marketing now Brands will be able to identify exactly what storytelling resonates with you personally but here's where it gets really interesting and a little bit concerning honestly as these Technologies Advance Brands will be able to create what feels like personal emotional connections at scale now I think we need to talk about the elephant in the room the ethical implications of all of this because when Brands get good at manipulating our emotions where do we draw the line about 64% of consumers say they're more likely to buy from Brands the aign with their values but here's the catch how do we know if that argument is genuine or just really good marketing take sustainability claims for example we've seen a huge rise of what we called greenwashing Brands making environmental claims that don't hold up to scrutiny but they do it because they know we have an emotional connection to environmental issues and this is where things get really tricky because the better Brands get at emotional marketing the harder it becomes for consumers to really be able to distinguish between authentic brand values and clever marketing tactics so what can we do as consumers about all this I think it's really important to be aware of these techniques understanding how Brands Target our emotions doesn't make their marketing less effective but it does help us make more conscious decisions on what we're buying we need to get better at asking questions when a brand makes us feel something we should ask is this feeling backed by real value are we buying into a marketing story or are we buying a genuinely good product we need to recognize that it's okay to enjoy and participate in this emotional marketing as long as we're doing it consciously there's nothing wrong with buying into a brand story if that story adds real value to your life now let's flip the script for a moment and take a look at this from a business perspective the key I believe lies in what I call authentic emotional marketing this means creating emotional connections that are actually backed up by real value genuine beliefs in actual Community Building look at how Patagonia does this they don't just Market themselves as an environmentally conscious brand they actually put their money where their mouth is they do initiatives like their war and wear program and their environmental activism let's talk about some practical takeaways from everything we've discuss today emotional connection is the new currency in marketing but and this is crucial it has to feel authentic you can't fake it liquid death works because they fully commit to their irreverant personality they never break character second takeaway community building is more powerful than traditional advertising when graa shares user generate content of people cooking with one of their olive oils they're not just showing off their product they're highlighting their Community they're saying look at all these cool people who use product you could be one of them third takeaway Innovation doesn't always mean inventing something new sometimes it means reimagining something old neither graza nor liquid death invented new products they just found new ways to make us feel about existing ones now let me share some predictions about where I think this is all headed we're going to see more Brands focusing on what I call Micro communities instead of trying trying to appeal to everyone they'll create deep connections with smaller more dedicated groups of consumers the line between entertainment and marketing will continue to blur Brands will become content creators storytellers and maybe even entertainment companies in their own right we'll see what I call arise in authentic Tech tools and platforms that help consumers verify brand claims and track corporate Behavior because as emotional marketing gets more sophisticated consumers will demand more transparency next time you feel drawn to a brand pause and ask yourself what emotion they're selling is it confidence Rebellion belonging understanding this could help you make more conscious purchasing decisions we're living in an era where products are no longer just products they're vehicles to Identity community and personal expression the success of Brands like graa and liquid death isn't just changing how we buy olive oil or water it's changing our entire relationship with consumption we're moving from a world of passive consumers to active participants in brand stories this shift has implications far beyond marketing it's affecting how we form communities how we express ourselves and even how we think about authenticity in a digital age the most successful modern brands aren't just selling products they're selling feelings identities and belonging whether it's graza making cooking feel approachable and fun or liquid death making hydration feel rebellious it's all about the emotional connection this shift isn't just changing how we buy things it's changing how we relate to Brands to each other and even ourselves we're moving from this transactional economy to a relationship economy the future of consumer goods marketing isn't about manipulation it's about authentic connection the brands that will Thrive are the ones that can create genuine emotional bonds while delivering real value before we wrap up I just want to challenge you to think about your relationship with Brands what emotions are you buying into what stories are you participating in and most importantly are these emotional connections adding real value to your life if you've enjoyed today's episode make sure to subscribe and hey I'd love to hear your thoughts on this as well what brands do you feel emotionally connected to and what marketing strategies have you noticed also working this has been where we're headed and I'll catch you next week [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @kenthiru [2 likes]: I really hope I'm wrong, but your script sounds like you are reading off ChatGPT.
  2. @WarrenHong07: I have a question. Is a personal brand only spark one emotion?
  3. @muallaozdemir1012: In the age of AI, the moats are: creativity, curiosity, community, connection, courage, compassion, and communication.
  4. @muallaozdemir1012: This was an amazing video!! I am currently in the process of creating my own product and brand and the case studies you provided and the takeaways were SO helpful! Thank you and keep up the great work!
  5. @OutlierAthlete-sk3e: Bro this video is fkin amazing
  6. @NoaraPerfumes: extremely undervalued, don't stop what you do!
  7. @adamg5108: How f--king sad this world is... having to sell emotion rather then good quality products...
  8. @e2theoc: Fantastic, to the point, video
  9. @fakename9303: „ i have a dui and my cap is backwards, i have to drink water but it needs to be masculine, ao my bros dint think im a gayboy.“ - yeah, i wonder how that made money….
  10. @DigitalMarketing-g1b: Besttt videoo on marketing frr!!
  11. @officialinternetbread: This is a gold mine of information thank you!
  12. @peterchukarov: 6.29 has an audio cut
  13. @mounabenali5606: Gold 🪙
  14. @bitesizefirst: People became morons that’s the only reason people buying this pretentious crap.
  15. @adarshanand1826: I saw the video , it was put together really well . Hell of an underrated channel . I subbed Yo
  16. @jayonebullet: needs a lil background music broskii
  17. @Stev92: what kind of books do you recommend about the subject? thank you for the video
  18. @thebrandonvu: A very well structured and scripted video. Love this concept, thank you for articulating it so simply.
  19. @LMarsh30: 10/10 video, would love to see more in depth marketing videos
  20. @gb4478: I have always been able to see through the infantile manipulation. I've always known they manipulate wanna bes and make my buying choices accordingly. I find 99% of marketing obvious and, frankly, inane.

- Why UGC is CRITICAL for Brands in 2025 | The Power of Trust, Authenticity & Conversions: Kind: captions Language: en And now let's talk why UGC got so popular, why is it so important, why brands choose UGC creators or why you should even become a UGC creator and consider this as your career path. So first of all, why it got so popular is because currently brands that don't have a face attached to their brand are not doing well. UC content is usually very naturally presented content. It's not overly salesy. It's more authentic. So it of course receives a higher engagement rate. It makes people informed about the product. It can also be very relatable if you're talking about a problem and how to solve it with that service or that product. It is once again a social proof that that product or that service works as a client even. It's nicer to see somebody using that product, seeing how it looks on the skin, let's say, or using that service, seeing what they expect before committing to that cause, before purchasing something. And for the brands, it's also amazing to have because they can use it on any platform. They can use it on their website. Let's say you film a how-to tutorial. They can upload it to their website. They can also use it in their emails. They can upload it to their social media accounts as well. It's also very cost effective as well because they usually don't need to hire a huge marketing team, social media team. They can literally hire one person responsible for social media and then hire agency creators who are going to create different content for the brand. So, they don't need to commit to paying full-time salary to somebody. And they can also move on to another creator if they don't like your content, let's say. So, once again, they're not committing to you fulltime. It's easier and more flexible for them. And a few reasons why you would want to become a UGC creator. The first thing and very attractive benefit is working from home and having that freedom. Of course, it's going to take a while for you to get clients, to get sorted, to build a name for yourself, but once you have these things set up, you can have the successful career. You can build your own schedule, and it's more flexible than a full-time job. Let's say what also attracts so many people to work in UGC is because you don't have to have lots of followers. You don't need to be a content creator or an influencer to become UGC creator. That bit attracts lots of people because you don't need to build something before you start. You can just get started as long as you have some basic skills. As long as you know how to present a product, how to present the service, as long as you are good talking to the camera, let's say, or you have really good editing skills or anything else, you can get started. You don't need a very engaged community. You don't need to have anything before you start. You can literally start from scratch. And this is why we see so many UGC creators. But it's also for a reason because lots of brands are looking for GC creators as well. I don't know if you know this as well. If you're looking for a new job in let's say social media or content creation or video editing, you're also going to see UGC in a lot of the postings as well that you need to have the skill. You need to know how to present a product, a service in a very natural way. You need to know how to communicate with other UC creators. So yeah, UGC plays a crucial part in social media right now. And I also feel like with UGC, you can also build very flexible income. So of course, you can leave it as a side hustle and do it, let's say, on the weekends only or whenever you want, just like once, take on a few projects only, something like that. But you can also build it into a full-time career. Of course, once again, it's going to take time to get all your clients, to get long-term partnerships and everything set up, but it can be a possibility. There's lots of UGC creators that are currently doing it and having it as a full-time career. So, here are a few reasons that I believe UGC could attract people to get started with. So now let's move on to the next lesson where I explain you how everything in the course is going to be structured.

- The Impact of Social Media on Consumer Behavior: Kind: captions Language: en did you know that 70% of consumers make purchasing decisions based on social media reviews this revolution has changed how we shop social proof from reviews and testimonials heavily influences purchases as do influencers who can shape opinions and drive sales user generated content builds trust and credibility showcasing real experiences from consumers consumers often use social media to research products making these platforms a primary tool for discovering and awareness social media enhances brand awareness and loyalty through targeted advertising that effectively reaches audiences however the dark side includes fake reviews that erode trust and addiction that influences consumer choices concerns over data privacy and security are vital topics for consumers to consider when engaging with brands on social media in summary social media profoundly affects consumer perceptions and decisions think critically about your social media usage and its influence as you navigate social media remember how does it shape your consumer Behavior [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Taylorwills-t6u: informative video thanks for sharing
  2. @DouglasLanning: Insightful
  3. @LilliHutcheson: Superb
  4. @BobbiPimentel: Flawless
  5. @SavaşÖzmen-q2c: Amazing
  6. @SerkanBadegilay: Brilliant
  7. @SevcanYavuzoğlu: Practical
  8. @SerdarSevdiyar: Fantastic
  9. @JuliOcampo-m6l6y: Motivating
  10. @MuratBatu-b2z: Authentic
  11. @MüslümAkkuş-e5d: Entertaining
  12. @JudyMchenry-q8b: Genuine
  13. @Ratnesh0826: Amazing ❤
  14. @hindu0.02: Interesting
  15. @harshsingh7755: Amazing

- The Impact of User-Generated Content (UGC) on Social Media Marketing: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] e n a sh

- Neuromarketing: The new science of consumer decisions  | Terry Wu | TEDxBlaine: Kind: captions Language: en About 20 years ago, a group of researchers did a study at a wine store. They want to find out if stores' background music could influence shoppers' wine selections. Here's what they found. On the days when they played German music, German wines outsold French wines by 3 to 1. Then on the days when they played French music, French wines outsold German wines But here's the kicker. They asked shoppers if the background music influenced their wine selections. You probably could guess. Over 90% of shoppers said no. This study shows that our buying decisions can be influenced by something so subtle that we don't even notice. The study also raises some important questions. How do we make make buying decisions? Do we make decisions consciously based on facts, reason, and logic? Or do we make decisions unconsciously based on emotions, feelings, and intuition? Next, I'd like to share with you how our unconscious emotions influence our decisions. You remember New Coke? Here's the story behind New Coke. In 1985, Coca-Cola was losing market share to Pepsi. Pepsi had been taunting Coca-Cola by claiming that in blind taste testing, more people preferred Pepsi over Coke. Coca-Cola decided to improve the taste by changing its formula. It came up with New Coke. Over 200,000 people taste tested New Coke. Overwhelmingly, people preferred New Coke over the original Coke. But more importantly, people preferred New Coke over Pepsi. With a lot of confidence, Coca-Cola rolled out New Coke. But very quickly, this sweet drink turned into a bitter pill that cost Coca-Cola tens of millions of dollars. Angry customers started protesting around the country demanding the original Coke back. Anxious customers started hoarding Coke products left on store shelves. Coca-Cola headquarters received about 8,000 angry phone calls a day. You can't help asking, how could 200,000 people get it wrong? What did Coca-Cola miss? What Coca-Cola missed was the strong emotional connection people had. For nearly 100 years, Coke had been marketed as a feel-good product. Their marketing slogans included, "Have a Coke and a smile." "I'd like to buy the world a Coke." Celebrities like Elvis, Marilyn Monroe, and the Beatles were the face of Coca-Cola. If you don't feel well, have a Coke. Coke was more than a sweet beverage. Drinking Coke had become a feel-good experience. That feel-good experience involves thoughts, feelings, and memories. Well, drinking Coke seems a bit complicated, doesn't it? A study published in 2004 shows how Coca-Cola's marketing has imprinted our brains with good thoughts, feelings, and memories. In this study, volunteers were asked to drink either Coke or Pepsi while their brains were scanned to find out which part of the brain became active. The researchers started out with blind taste testing like the Pepsi Challenge. They were able to replicate the result of the Pepsi Challenge. That is, slightly over 50% of volunteers preferred Pepsi over Coke. No surprise there. Then the researchers made a slight change to the Pepsi Challenge. The volunteers were told exactly what they were going to drink before taking a sip. It's no longer blind taste test anymore. Suddenly, 75% of volunteers preferred Coke over Pepsi. More surprisingly, while they were drinking Coke, the emotional part of the brain, the memory part of the brain, and the thinking part of the brain became very active. In sharp contrast, this elevated brain activity pattern was not observed while they were drinking Pepsi. What does this study tell us? The study demonstrates what happens in our brains unconsciously when we think of a popular brand like a Coca-Cola. The study also demonstrates that our thoughts, feelings, and memories can unconsciously change our experience with a product. This is exactly how the unconscious mind influences our choices. The thoughts, feelings, and memories evoked by the Coca-Cola brand are the strong emotional connections people have. And Coca-Cola missed those strong emotional connections when they reduced this iconic drink to just taste. This is why New Coke failed. Through this brain study, we can see how marketing influences our emotions and our decisions without our awareness. This is where neuroscience meets marketing. Welcome to neuromarketing. Neuromarketing is the new science of consumer decisions. It studies how we we make buying decisions and how our emotions and intuition shape our decisions. But why do marketers start paying attention to our emotions, intuition, and unconscious mind? Here are some of the reasons. Over the last few decades, neuroscience research has confirmed that about 95% of our decisions are made unconsciously. During the same time, medical studies have shown that without emotion, we simply cannot make decisions. Inside the human brain, there are many highly specialized areas. Each area has unique functions. Some areas are responsible for seeing, some are for hearing, some are for tasting. And this large area of the brain colored in blue is what we call the limbic system. It's our emotional brain. All our emotions depend on this part of the brain. Our love, compassion, optimism, pride, joy, happiness, as well as anger, fear, anxiety, embarrassment, guilt, and sadness are centered in this part of the brain. Neuroscientists often learn more about the brain when something goes wrong. Here we have Frank. He had a stroke. The stroke damaged a large part of his emotional brain. What's going to happen to him? What you will see is Frank will have a very difficult time making decisions, even the simplest decisions. When he goes to a grocery store to buy breakfast cereal, he will agonize over the decision whether he should choose Wheaties, Cheerios, or Corn Flakes. Without his emotional brain being fully functional, he simply cannot make that decision. Every purchase involves decision-making. Both neuroscience and marketing can help us understand how we make decisions and what influences our decisions. This marriage between neuroscience and marketing has given birth to neuromarketing. But why does neuromarketing matter? Every year, nine out of 10 new products fail. About $100 billion spent on marketing are wasted. The main reason that traditional marketing fails to pay attention to consumers' unconscious emotional experiences. This is what happened to New Coke. If we can avoid wasting so much money on mindless marketing, both consumers and businesses win. With neuromarketing that focuses on creating better consumer experiences, and it does work. First, I'd like to share with you how Google taps into its users' unconscious behavior to maximize its revenues. We all have seen Google ads before. The links in these ads are colored in blue. Every time you click on these blue links, Google makes money. Naturally, Google wants its users to click on these ads more often. We know that color can impact our emotion and our behavior. The question Google asked was whether a subtle change of color in these blue links could change its users' clicking behavior. Several years ago, Google tested close to 50 shades of blue in these links wanting to find out if certain shades of blue would generate more clicks. One shade of blue did generate more clicks. By adopting that color, Google increased its annual revenue by $200 million. This is the power of neuromarketing. If you know what clicks with the brain, you can apply that knowledge to create better customer experience. A better customer experience can translate into a stronger bottom line. This is why neuromarketing works. Next, I'd like to share with you how a slight, unnoticeable speed improvement by Amazon increased its sales by over $1.7 billion. According to Amazon, a 1/10 of a second speed improvement on Amazon's website can increase its sales by 1%. Consciously, we cannot detect 1/10 of a second difference, but unconsciously, our brains notice it. By speeding up the website ever so slightly, Amazon creates a better customer experience. That better customer experience generates more sales. This is powered by neuromarketing. If Google's unnoticeable change of a color makes us click more, or Amazon's unnoticeable speed improvement makes us buy more, what does that tell us about our decision-making? Are we in total control of our decisions, or are they influenced by something so subtle that we don't even notice? A study published in 1975 shows how invisible social influence can shape our In this study, volunteers were asked rate quality and price of cookies from two jars. One jar had 10 cookies, the other one had only two. Volunteers were told the cookies in the jar with only two left were in high demand and in short supply. Not surprisingly, those cookies were rated as higher in quality and price because it was believed that more people wanted them. What is surprising that all the cookies used in the study were identical. We tend to believe if something's wanted by more people, it must be good and valuable. Why is this invisible social influence so persuasive? It's because decisions create uncertainty. We feel safer by following decisions made by a crowd. This is a natural bias in our brains. Amazon understands this bias very well and uses bias to persuade us buy. Imagine you need a new coffee maker. How does Amazon help you decide? First, you're going to see a four-star rating, then over 5,000 customer reviews, then over 1,000 questions answered, then number one best seller. All this information is based on other customers' opinions. This information comes before you see the price and the free shipping offer. Amazon persuade you by using this invisible social influence. Most people have not heard of neuromarketing yet. But if you ever bought anything on Amazon, you've been persuaded by Amazon's neuromarketing techniques. Neuromarketing is still in its infancy, but there's no shortage of misinformation. One big misunderstanding is that neuromarketing is all about brain scans and mind reading. In 2011, the New York Times published a letter claiming that iPhone users had a romantic love for their phones. Here's evidence cited by the author. A brain structure called insular cortex lit up in brain scans when a small number iPhone users saw their phones. No self-respecting neuroscientist would have drawn that conclusion because the same brain structure also lights up when you see something disgusting. One brain structure can become very active for many different emotional responses. What do you call a mind reading brain scan? A brain scam. Some snake oil salesman claim that neuromarketing is all about finding the brain's buy button. By pressing that buy button, you can persuade anybody, anytime, anywhere to buy anything until the cows come home. Why does this claim also sound like a scam? Because it violates a basic principle of persuasion. If it seems too good to be true, it is too good to be true. Neuromarketing is about buying decisions, but its impact has reached far beyond that because ultimately it's about human decisions. We're all decision makers. Throughout our lifetime, we make millions and millions decisions. Some decisions can be very difficult, even life-changing. Over the last 10 years, I had to confront many gut-wrenching decisions. Should I leave a stable job to work on my own business? How do I care for my aging parents who are 6,000 miles away in a different country? How do I support someone who battles depression? From neuromarketing, we have learned that our decisions are not completely within our control. There are many invisible influences that shape our decisions without our awareness. Being mindful of that vulnerability gives us more power, not less. Our decisions can have a lasting impact on other people's lives. that something very subtle can change our behavior dramatically. What does it take to save enough energy to power all the homes in Minnesota and Iowa? It's not creating a massive government program or switching to all LED light bulbs or upgrading to energy-efficient appliances. It's a tiny emoticon. In a 2007 study, an energy company printed a tiny emoticon on energy bills to tell customers about their energy consumption. A happy face meant lower energy consumption than neighbors. A sad face meant higher energy Given how powerful the invisible social influence can be, it's not surprising that our decisions it's not surprising that our neighbors' their behavior can impact ours. What is surprising that all these these tiny emoticons reduce energy consumption by almost 3%. That's enough energy to power all the homes in Minnesota and Iowa. Who would have thought something so subtle can be so powerful? Now, this subtle cue has shown up in our lives. Here's an energy bill energy bill I recently received. It has a happy face. I'd like to close my talk with one more story. This story has some bathroom humor. It's about urinal spillage. When a guy stands around urinal, he often does his business mindlessly and aimlessly. Spillage happens and it costs money to clean it up. In 1990s, the Amsterdam Airport came up with a brilliant solution. All they did was to etch the image black fly near the drain urinal. When guys see that black fly, they start aiming at it unconsciously. That reduces spillage by 80%. Well, other than my poor taste of humor, what's the point? I like this story because this fly serves a good metaphor. When you search for what touches people's hearts and minds, you want to find game changers. If you understand how the brain works, you understand how people make decisions, you can find a game changer that has a huge impact. The most fascinating thing is very often this game changer is something we don't even pay attention to. It can be something very subtle, like the background music in a wine store, a slight change of color by Google, a noticeable speed improvement by Amazon, a tiny emoticon on your energy bill, or a fly as a target. Once you find something so subtle by following neuroscience, the impact will be anything but subtle. You want to make a positive impact. You want to make You want to help others thrive. Here's something I encourage you to try. Find your fly. And thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MDHcvccMDHcvcc [4 likes]: I can’t believe how simple you made this!
  2. @HowNormalPeople [1 likes]: Clear and engaging talk that makes complex brain science accessible to everyday consumer behaviour. Wah! The Coke way!
  3. @italkshort [1 likes]: Goood Goys, keep falling for the marketing😂😂😂😂
  4. @MDHcvccMDHcvcc [1 likes]: I’m honestly amazed by your talent as a teacher!
  5. @GarrisonKulas-v5q [1 likes]: This video absolutely blew my expectations away!
  6. @fishybradybunch [1 likes]: the fly is a great metaphor
  7. @Michi778-y2s: The follow the crowd method is just plain marketing, not neuromarketing.
  8. @MoneyPuppyPenny: they gatekeep this information and act like it's common sense. it's not. posted the real playbook on my page, not spelling it out here
  9. @wsant2872: Most of these are just standard consumer psychology that has been known for ages, nothing new
  10. @JoyShaw-e3q: Just imagine how foolish an entire nation could be that they relate happiness with carbonated drinks which is not even healthy.
  11. @NguyenHa_488: Advice from an older colleague: find the niche that you love, analyze it, read the sales page effect book, and follow its steps. Stop dreaming and get real skills.
  12. @CharlesRandyAnderson: cant believe that no one talks about the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi. It enabled me to quit my 9-5.
  13. @حنانخرييات: 4:98 is gold. A lot of this is mentioned in the sales page effect book. Got me a lot of money and I started with computer and internet connection. Forever thankful.
  14. @ethantaylor2001: We are marketers, not statisticians. This quote I read in The Sales Page Effect book by Tom Gvinadi will stay with me forever. Tom changed my money situation for good. Wish everyone could read it before starting their own hustle.
  15. @gaFryclark: Great video. I see it aligns with the sales page book by tom gvinadi. It helped me make a lot of money online.
  16. @richardmaArtinez: 2:49 is so accurate. I’ve seen so many people give up too early because they think online business is just luck or timing, but it really isn’t. It’s more about learning from mistakes than anything else, and I had plenty of learning material :D. I was stuck for a long time trying different approaches, and nothing seemed to stick. Thankfully, after all these years, I am on my way to the mil, and there were times when I literally had almost nothing. I wasted so much time until I came across The Sales Page Effect by Tom Gvinadi. This book changed everything I was doing for good.
  17. @PaulAaronCruz: A lot of this is mentioned in the sales page effect book. Got me a lot of money from almost nothing.
  18. @GregoryDennisAlvarez: read the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi and make money online. stop dreaming and get real skills instead.
  19. @StevenNicholasGonzalez: A lot of this is mentioned in the sales page effect book. Got me a lot of money and I had literally nothing.
  20. @WalterEugeneFlores: Guys, just get the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi and thank me later.

- How Repetition in Advertising Hooks You: Lessons from the 1930s to Today: Kind: captions Language: en imagine this it's the 1930s there's no Tik Tok no YouTube not even TV the radio is King it's not just a source of news It's Entertainment connection and for advertisers it's a Golden Ticket straight into your home and here's the kicker what made radio ads so effective back then is the same strategy marketers use to this day repetition but let me ask you something how many times have you caught yourself humming a jingle or thinking of a tag line and you can't even remember where you heard it that's not an accident you see in the age of radio marketers discovered something profound if they repeated a message often enough it would stick in your brain Like Glue back then radio shows were sponsored by Brands you didn't just listen to your favorite programs you listened to Colgate comedy hour or the Lucky Strike Hit Parade the ads weren't just commercials they were woven into the fabric of your daily life and here's the wild part Studies have shown that repeated exposure to ads doesn't just make you remember them it blurs your perception of where you even heard them play a catchy slogan or jingle over and over on the radio and suddenly people start feeling like that brand is everywhere it's called the mere exposure effect the more you hear something the more you trust it even if you don't know why sneaky right but it wasn't just the repetition it was the intimacy of r radio unlike Billboards or newspapers radio came directly into your home it felt personal when a trusted radio host told you about a product it felt like a recommendation from a friend suddenly products weren't just things they became part of your identity the radio didn't just sell soap or cereal it sold Lifestyles dreams and belongings think about it Brands like cocacola Kelloggs and Proctor and Gamble became household names during the radio era they were Pioneers crafting the first mass markets and it all worked because of one simple truth if you hear something enough times you believe it even today the same principle applies whether it's a Tik Tok sound a YouTube ad or yes even a podcast sponsorship repetition is how Brands get into your head so the next time you catch yourself singing a jingle or repeating a tagline stop and think how did it get there and just like back then someone somewhere planned for it to stick if you want to explore more of the clever ways marketing shapes your world subscribe to behind the ads trust me you don't want to miss what's coming next thanks for listening and be careful what you let stick

- Using Emotional Triggers in Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en ever wondered why some ads make you feel something and others don't thought about emotional triggers let's explore to use them in your Facebook ads hi I'm DAV DK digital emotional triggers can make your ads more competing and memorable today watch your strategies for incorporating emotional triggers into your Facebook ads boost engagement and conversions first use story talent to connect emotionally stories can evoke feelings and make your messes more relatable second highly pain and solutions show your audience that you understand their struggles and offer a way overcome them lastly use visuals and EM motions even in videos that Joy surprise or even urgency enhance your ads emotional impact ready to create emotionally competing ads contact EK digital today and let's make your Facebook ads Unforgettable

- Leveraging Emotions in Your Facebook Ads for Better Results: Kind: captions Language: en You have three different ways to, um, you know, position yourself in the Facebook ads niche. You have one which is introduce a new mechanism, a new way to achieve results with Facebook ads. Uh, you have two, which is take an existing way and just do it better. And then three, which is identity, go after a whole new identity in the marketplace. And we'll cover all three Today. I'm very excited to be joined by Nick Terio. If you don't know who Nick is, he is the founder of terio Solutions, an agency that specializes in helping e-commerce businesses scale with their ads. His course is next Tier Ads. His ebook is The Art of Running Effective Ads, and his YouTube channel is at Nick Terio. That's T-H-E-R-I-O-T. Nick, welcome to the show. How you doing today? Yo, what's going on Michael? Thank you so much for having me on. Uh, thank you for saying my last name correct too. You probably one of, of the first people I say it. I practiced it. I practiced it. Um, super excited to have you here today, Nick and I are gonna explore how to scale your Facebook ads using emotions. Now, before we go there, Nick, I'd love to hear a little bit about, about your backstory. How'd you get into Facebook ads? Start wherever you wanna start. Yeah, just like anything, I, uh, stumbled upon Facebook ads completely by accident. I, uh, I've been, you know, self-employed last 10 years now that I, uh, started my first business. And I was always entrepreneurial my whole life. So, you know, I used to do, um, editing gaming videos for like YouTubers and stuff like that back when I was literally like 12 years old. Wow. And yeah, so that's where I got my start at with YouTube and just that online thing. Um, and then move forward. Fast forward a little bit high school year, going into college, I take a course on trading. 'cause I was like, there's no way I really wanna do college. I wanted something to do online to make money. And then, uh, I learned with trading that, okay, hey, you actually need money to make money with trading. So that was one thing I was lied to when I was looking at all the advertising and all the different courses on trading. And then, uh, you know, that right there led me. Okay, cool. Well, I need to find a way to make more money. 'cause the current $10 an hour that I'm getting from the, the business I was working within, I was, I was employed in, was not making me nearly enough money to fund that account, which I needed like a thousand to $2,000 right there. So, and, uh, at the time, I also had a love for cars, um, which still do till this, this day. And then, you know, I was like, okay, what's something I can easily do? And that's when I discovered detailing. So just automotive detailing. You know, you can make a hundred dollars literally in three to four hours cleaning someone's car. So I was like, okay, that's literally two and a half times more than I'm currently making now. I was like, that could easily help me, you know, make some money. And like, while I'm in college, while I'm figuring out this trading thing. And then, uh, you know, I needed a way to grow that business. I was like, okay, cool. Well now outta this business, how do I get customers? So, you know, I started googling doing some YouTube search and stuff like that, just trying to figure out the best way to get customers. And, uh, at the time I was working for a landscaping business and, uh, you know, I was just talking to the owner. 'cause me and him were really cool. Um, and he knew I was kind of going off and doing my own thing now. So he, he was, he was actually okay with that. And, uh, he told me that, Hey, look, something you should check out is what I use is Facebook ads. And at the time, this is just, you know, making a post on Facebook and literally clicking a little boost post button. You know, you spend about $5 $10 a day on it. So I was like, okay, cool, I'm gonna try that. So I launched my first Facebook ad, which all I did was post a picture of a vehicle. We just finished cleaning and, um, put a boost to post $5 a day on that. And I think I was spending maybe, I think it got up to like $500 a month within my first 30 days of running this business of automotive detailing. And I mean, we turned $500 into like five to $10,000 in detailing appointments, purely just showcasing a vehicle we just cleaned, click and boost the post and boom. And, uh, you know, I fell in, I fell in love with both, uh, the business aspect of that detailing business and also to the advertising standpoint of that business right there. Um, and through that, uh, that's when I started over the couple years. Fast forward from 2015 is when I started that detailing business all the way up to 2019. Um, it was September of 2019, then I got my first high ticket agency client. Um, you know, I started to, to realize, hey, detailing business is fun, but I mean, I was working 160 hours a a month to make like two grand a month. And just, well, I was painting myself. I was like, there's gotta be a better way I can leverage my time. Um, saw a webinar by seven Sam Ovens, I'm sure you remember his, his consulting webinar couple years ago. My Sam Ovens. Um, I didn't even purchase this course, but I was like, oh, wait, so I could take this skillset and actually go and charge people for it. And, uh, that's what I did. So, uh, started my own social media marketing agency. Had a few small clients at the time, like $500 a month, uh, a thousand dollars a month, and then, um, you know, parted ways with those. And then eventually I found my way with the, uh, e-comm side. And then September of 2019 is when I closed my first high ticket e-commerce client, um, high ticket being $5,000 a month. Um, which I was like, I'm just gonna pitch really big number because if I cannot get them results, I want enough room and margin where I can hire someone to get them results so I can retain that client. Hmm. Um, ended up crushing it for 'em. Like they were literally, they were losing $30,000 a month on their advertising. Wow. Um, when I came on board. And I helped them scale from like negative 30 grand a month to profiting a hundred, 200 grand a month within like 90 to 180 days working with them, um, relatively quick. It was a women's clothing brand, um, cleaned up some stuff, started looking at like creating better creatives and everything like that. And then from there it just snowballed effect into what we have now. Um, that was September, 2019. February, 2020 is when, um, the lockdowns and all that happened and everything like that. So, uh, you know, I, it was, it was an easy way for me to part ways with the detailing business and then just go full in on this social media thing that I've been doing now the last four years now. Um, so yeah, that, that's kind of like the, the long story short of my whole, my whole thing. That's, that's a really cool story. So somewhere along the line you decided to add in, uh, courses, right? And eBooks tell us and even YouTube. Tell us a little bit about that. Yeah, so like I mentioned, um, I was 12 years old pumping out YouTube videos, uh, how to like use Adobe After Effects, how to use Adobe Premier, uh, specifically editing videos for like gaming YouTubers and stuff like that. They'd pay me, you know, 20, 30 bucks, which at the time, 12 years old, working from home, getting paid 20, 30 bucks to edit one video. That took me a week. I mean, that was like phenomenal in terms of like the pay and everything like that, you know, there wasn't many sixth graders making a hundred, $200 a month from an online business. So I've always had the knack for YouTube. I've always loved it. Um, it did kind of fall back as I went into my high school years because, you know, I just started pushing gaming and stuff like that to the side and just joined high school like anyone else. Um, but I always had a love for it. And that's when I realized it was like September. It was, it was kind of like mid 2018 that I started my YouTube channel off now. And I posted just a couple of just random videos, like vlogging, like my social media marketing journey. Um, and that during that time right there, when I closed my first high ticket client, September of 2019, it was from a video on YouTube, literally showing people how to use like bid cap, um, to get more leads and stuff like that. The video got like 200 views total. And this person saw that YouTube video came to my, came to me, reached out to me and was like, Hey, Nick, love to work with you. How much do you charge? I'm like, Hey, 5K. At first, I never pitched that much and I've never had someone reach out to me from YouTube. So I thought it was a total scam at first, also at the, on the time. And they're like, all right, cool, let's get started. So that's when I realized that the YouTube side has some level of authority building with landing and closing clients for the agency. And it wasn't until about September or August of 2020 when one of my, um, mentors at the time, Zach Hesterberg, he was like, Hey, bro, you know, I see you keep trying to do cold outreach with like your, for your agency, but then like, you seem like you're having a lot more success with YouTube. And I was like, yeah, because YouTube's great and all, but the downside of YouTube is that, you know, it's a lot, it's really random in terms of like when I get leads and stuff like that. He was like, well, how do you engineer it to not make it random? I was like, well, I could just post more. He's like, well, there you go. Just start building a routine to post X amount per month. Um, and I did that with YouTube. So I started in like, 2020 is when I really went harder on YouTube all in, in terms of teaching people Facebook ads. And every video would be either like, how to do something with Facebook ads, or here's a marketing trick with Facebook ads, or here's a case study with Facebook ads. And I just kept having fun and I built that up. And, you know, from August of 2020 till today, I posted three videos every single week teaching about Facebook ads. And it wasn't until 2022 that I launched my first, um, info product, which was, um, my inner circle. I launched this in November, 2022. Um, and then the cool thing about the Inner Circle is just a group of marketers that, um, they love my content and everything like that, but they just want my feedback specifically to them. 'cause I, I teach everything. I'm very transparent on YouTube when it comes down to things we're leveraging and stuff. Um, but people need it a little closer feedback of like, Hey Nick, I don't wanna work with you as an agency, but I wanna learn more from you in terms of like, what would you do differently about my ads and stuff like that. And that's when I launched my inner circle. And then it wasn't until, um, January of 2024 this year that I launched my course. And, uh, my course came from actually my inner circle after, you know, working with people for about a year and a half, 1 0 1. I took all the common questions they were getting turned those into videos. And I'll launch my inner circle, I mean, not my course, which is next to your ads that specifically focus on, um, hey, people that can't afford my inner circle can't afford my agency. But it's a little bit lower ticket, um, that they can fall into to learn up and train up to kind of be in the same path as me. Outstanding. Uh, thank you so much for sharing all your behind the scenes. This is part of what I love about what I get to do is I get to hear really cool stories from people. And I know that we're here to talk about Facebook ads, but I also know that there are people listening right now that got a little inspired by some of the things that you're doing and how they could potentially actually grow their business by getting out there on YouTube, which is not what we're here to talk about today. But I always love all the little nuggets that come from stories of my guests like yourself. All right, so let's get into emotions. Um, there are a lot of people listening right now who are doing ads and they are utilizing Facebook because this is an audience that's been on Facebook for a very long time, uh, or Instagram, you know, or any of the meta properties. But why emotions, right? Because this is kind of a, what, what are we talking about here? Like, help everybody understand why emotions matter for ads before we get into kind of the details on how to do all this. Yeah, That's a great question right there. So, um, a big part of me as I was learning Facebook ads over the last couple years was, um, you know, the typical beginner advertiser, they usually watch videos and it's like, here's how set up a CBO campaign. Here's how set up an A BO campaign. Here's like the ad sets and interests and stuff like that you need to target. And it puts a lot of weight on the ad account structure you use. And the problem is, I don't see any other YouTubers talking about ads and the actual things that need to go in the creatives. Because if we look at it from a customer perspective, the customer is scrolling on social media. They don't see your CBO campaign, they don't see your engaged shopper interest, they don't see your bid cap a hundred dollars or anything like that. All they see is the create if that's put in front of them. And the problem is, is that if everyone's putting weight on the ad account structure and no one's putting weight on the creative, then guess what? That's where they're spending all their time on. And when it comes down to their creative, you know, they're just going into like Microsoft Pain or something like that, Google images and throwing something random in there and they're like, Hey, I'm spending 20 bucks, a hundred dollars today. I'm following your exact ad account structure and I'm not seeing any success. So it's like, okay, why? Because at the end of the day, what we're focusing on is not what we're putting in front of the customer. So for me, it took me about a year to learn that. Um, I remember like my very first client that I told you guys about, or um, second or third client that I, you know, it took from negative 30,000 a month to profitable. It was something as simple as just fixing the out account structure. But for 95% of other people, it's actually more on the creative side and what goes into those creatives. And my first couple clients after that client, I realized that, and I had to realize it the hard way with not being able to generate them results. I'd take a step back and realize, okay, where am I going wrong? And that's when I learned, well, our ads were creating, they're not grabbing attention from our customers. Then it's like, okay, cool. Well, what do our customers care about? And at the end of the day, customers don't care about, you know, your product. They care about the emotional state they want to be in, you know, they wanna feel more loved, they wanna feel, um, financial freedom. They want to feel, you know, they wanna solve X problem, you know, 50% faster or 50% cheaper. They don't care about your product. Your product means nothing to them. It's the transformation that your product can offer them. So when I look at a lot of creatives from my students, from people that, you know, reach out to me on YouTube and stuff like that, it's like, Hey, here's my product. And it does, you know, it, it makes you, you know, it, it has like 300 milligrams of caffeine in it if it's like an energy drink. Yeah. And it's like, okay. And you know, I, I had a student, I had a student, uh, reach out to me yesterday and it was like, you know, he was showing me this, this shirt he was selling. He was like, Nick, I can't spend more than 50 bucks a day on this shirt. It's literally just a picture of the shirt. There's nothing special about the shirt at all, and it's on a white background. I'm like, well, no, I know why. Because you're not connecting with a customer. You're not, you're not even showing a person wearing the shirt. You know, what type of person would wear that shirt? Where would they wear that shirt at? And then what's the emotional feeling they wanna feel when they wear that shirt? Do they wanna walk into a business meeting that and confidently crush that, that business meeting? Or do they wanna be relaxed on like a yacht, for example, right. Or do they want to be on a date with a girl and like, she's rubbing up on her arm because he looks so good and stuff like that. What is the emotional state that he wants to feel? And then how can we visually showcase that with that shirt? And that's what more of that emotions that come into play, it's reaching out and understanding where do people want to be emotionally and how can we visually showcase that and showcase how our product can do that. So we lead with where they wanna be, then showcase our product, achieving that. And that's where a lot of people get that wrong. They start off with, here's my product, buy it now. Whereas we're like, Hey, here's what you want, then here's how our product that can get there, get you there. I love it. So many marketers, like instinctively I think, understand this, but for whatever reason, they get stuck in what I call the product marketing trap, right? Where they're just, here's the product and here's its features and, and go for it. You know? And um, and it's easy to do when you are not paying for, uh, exposure, right? Because when you're just sending out an email or you're posting something, uh, organically, um, you kind of feel like you don't have anything to lose. But the moment you're putting money behind it is the moment. Like it becomes real, right? So where do we start? Like if we wanna start embracing emotions in our ads, like let's just, let's just start with like, 'cause I'm sure a lot of people are making this mistake. Like what's the first things we need to be thinking about? Yeah. So it all comes down to research, right? That's where we start off with everything. Research, research, research, um, couple areas I like to start off with research number one, just looking at competitor's ads. Um, it's the easiest way to just get started. What's working for them in replicating it. It's not a long-term strategy at all, but How can you know what's working for them though, because they might be making the same mistakes you're making? Right. That's A really good question right there for me. I like to go look at their Facebook ads library. I like to scroll all the way down to see what's been running the longest. Hmm. Um, and I say longest, I like to look at like a six month to 12 month, you know, and they've been running ads for a couple years and I'm not really gonna go too, too far down. Um, but at least like the last six to 12 months, what's been running the longest inside of the account for the Facebook ads library, that's my favorite way to see what's working. Also, real quick, for people that don't know, 'cause maybe it's been a while since they've been in the Facebook Ads library, how do they know which one's been running the longest? Is always the one at the bottom of the list or is there a date on it? Just so people, yeah. You know, So if you're scrolling through the Facebook ads library, you'll see different dates of like, kind of like, you know, July, 2024, scroll down, May, 2024, scroll a bit further down, like November, 2023, for example. So you can see things that's been kind of running for a long period of time. Yeah. And it's only gonna show the active ads once they're deactivated, they're not gonna be in the library. Is that correct? Correct. Yeah. Okay. Cool. All right, so we're starting with this, uh, research. So keep going, um, with, you know, by the way, okay. Just real quick on the, and we're looking at the competition, the ads that have been running the longest, once we find them, what are we, what are we exactly looking for in those apps? Great question right there. So my biggest thing when I'm looking through the competitor's app library is figuring out what is the desired state they're focusing on? What's that emotional state that they're really selling to customers and stuff. So like for example, if we're selling an energy drink, are they're really focusing on things like, Hey, this is gonna give you more energy in the gym, or is it more like, Hey, this is gonna allow me to lift heavier weight in the gym. Is it showing, you know, guys who are like ripped? Or is it trying to focus more on like girls who do like Pilates every week? You know, who's, who are they selling to and what emotional state are they trying to sell people? What's the desired outcome they're trying to sell people? That's the main things I'm looking for. I'm also looking for visuals as well. Are they showing gyms? Are they showing, you know, like someone at their house? Are they showing someone or just more like clean like graphics with like a picture of the product. I wanna understand these things so that way I can start to understand what can we apply to our product. Again, assuming your product can satisfy that as well. You know, if you, if you're selling a pre-workout, you see all these other pre-workouts talking about how it has the most caffeine and yours has the least amount of caffeine, well, you know, obviously I don't wanna replicate that, but I still wanna replicate some of the visuals and some of the desired states desired outcomes that people are looking for. So that's the main things I'm looking at in the Facebook ads library. From there, um, I'm also looking at like hooks and stuff as well, what people use. So, you know, the big text that goes on the photo, um, or if it's a video with that first, you know, three seconds, what's the hook in terms of what people are saying, what's coming up on the screen, um, visually and also from a text perspective right there. Those are all key things I'm looking for. Uh, when I'm looking through the Facebook ads app, right? And I'm gonna try to find about three to six different angles, 3D three to six different ways they position this product in the marketplace. Um, positioning right here, again, just goes back to, Hey, this pre-workout gives you more energy to crush a workout. Or, Hey, this pre-workout right here is gonna allow, allow you to lift heavier weight. There are two kind of different desired outcomes, and I look at that as different angles. I'm also looking, I'm also looking at it from a, a customer avatar perspective as well. You know, again, is it all just guys who are like, look like they're about to step on a bodybuilding stage? Or is it more girls who look like, you know, they're just, they want to like lean tones type, um, type, uh, avatar right there. So looking at angles right there from our competitor ad library. And again, that's gonna give you just the best start and beginning. It's not a long-term strategy, but it's gonna propel you a lot faster than trying to do all the guesswork. Again, competitors already spent all the money on the landing pages, they already spent all the money on the ads that's, um, you know, to, to figure out what works. So we're just gonna simply replicate, not copy, replicate, um, those things in the beginning to propel ourself forward. But long term we do need to define our own kind of path and positioning so that way, um, we can separate ourselves from everyone else. 'cause if we're just doing every the same thing as everyone else, we're never gonna separate ourself and we're really never gonna scale to that level. We want. Uh, we'd love to talk about, uh, when we were in prepping for this, you, you suggested two other ways that we can get research. Um, do you remember what they're, or do you want me to Yeah. Okay. Yeah, please go ahead and share those. Yeah. So competitor style library, like I said, fastest one just in the beginning. Um, the other two ways is looking at things like, um, your own assets. Now again, you may or may not have this, depending on if you're a brand new person just launching or if you're someone that's already been advertising for a while now. Um, majority of our clients we work with, they're already doing a hundred thousand dollars a month in revenue, and all we're doing is scaling them. So they already have a lot of data on like Facebook ad comments. Uh, we, we literally just looking through our own Facebook ads, um, and looking at the comments of our top ads, we found this one angle for one client that took 'em from about $150,000 a month to topping out about $2.5 million a month in revenue. Literally, all we did was find two girls that tagged each other and said, girls night soon, question mark. And we made that as a hook. We took that and we're like, okay, how can we position our product to be a fun, this fun girls night experience? So we created an ad. 'cause again, at the time, this client was just focusing on, here's my product, buy it now. So I was like, okay, instead of just, here's my product, buy it Now girls already want girls night, but they're kind of maybe tired of some of the typical girls night activities. So we took this and we created a hook and was like, Hey, this is for the girlies who wanna fun Girls Night soon. And we focused on the fun aspect. We focused on the showing the girls altogether laughing and sipping wine, all in the creative using this product. And guess what? We're hitting on that emotional escape of that fun and being able to escape work, escape the nine to five, and just have that relaxing experience for the night right there. And we were selling them that desired outcome of what they were looking for. And also too, from a positioning perspective, there was no one else selling the same product as us, specifically to Girls for Girls Night. So we were able to really propel this forward and also to the girls were very accepting of that mechanism in the marketplace as well. Um, because it looked fun. It, it really did look like a great time right there. And we were able to scale this brand literally from $150,000 a month all the way to capping out at $2.5 million, um, in a single month, uh, just with that one angle right there. And that was over six months right there. Uh, we also talked about looking at competitors' reviews. Can you talk about that a little bit? Mm-Hmm, Absolutely. So just like we did for, um, you know, looking at like the competitor's Facebook ad library, I like to look at competitor reviews as well. Um, I really like to specifically look at the one Star two store and three star reviews. Um, a lot of people look at the five star reviews, um, and they're like, I, I did all my research. I'm like, did you look at the three star, two star, one star? Like, no. So I really like to look at these one star, two star and three star reviews because it allows me to understand what dissatisfactions people have with the competitors. Mm-Hmm. Now I typically get the most value from the two to three star, because the one star is gonna be, I hated this product and they just put one star and in Five Star, like, I love this product. It was amazing. But they don't really give any details. Where I find the two star, three star, even four star reviews, they give a little bit more descriptive reviews, they put a little bit more time and attention to review right there. And, um, you know, for example, this Dog Horn is Sprint. We're working with, uh, we were looking at like the two star reviews, three star reviews, even the one star reviews, uh, from our competitors because we wanted to understand what Dissatisfactions people had with the competitor's product, so that way we can say, Hey, our product does this X better. So, you know, for example, um, with iPhone every year people, they only focus on three things. Screen size, battery life, and camera quality. Why? Because every year people complain only about three things, screen size, battery life, and camera quality. You know how many times people are like, oh, my phone's always dying, or I wish this camera was a lot better. So that's why Apple just every year says, Hey, this is a 15 megapixel or whatever megapixel camera it is now. And then now the battery life is 20 hours instead of eight hours. And they only focus on the better improvement of things. And that's how we find those dis dissatisfactions. One of my favorite hooks is, um, at 60 miles per hour, the loudest thing in the Rolls Royce is the electric clock. It's like, well, you know, if we reverse engineer how they found that hook, it was because they found a dissatisfaction of other people in the marketplace at the time, way back when the 1950s, uh, hated how loud other vehicles were at 60 miles per hour. So what's the prime way we can showcase how, um, good or quiet this car is? Well, if everyone, if we, we do our research and we look at all the competitors' reviews and everyone's hating how loud the car is at 60 miles per hour, well, guess what? Let's just talk about how our car is the quietest thing at 60 miles per hour and we can't really demonstrate quiet, or we can't really say, we can't really say something's quiet without you hearing it. So how can we compare it to something to bring you back to like, oh wait, that's not allowed at all, and I still let your clock right there. So I, I love to dig into those types of things right there to kind of break down of how it worked and stuff. But yeah, to go back two star, three star, even four star reviews on competitors, look at it on Amazon, look it at on their actual websites, understand the common dissatisfactions of those products, and then make ads that a lot of people like to do those like us versus them ads. I those work pretty decent too. Um, but I like to just say like, Hey, our product, you know, if, if everyone hates how long the battery life is of the iPhone, apple doesn't make ads every year that says, Hey, did you hate how long the battery life is of your old iPhone? No, they don't say that. They just go in straight ahead and say, ours now is a 20 hour battery life. So I just say what people want, they want a longer battery life, they want a better camera. And I look at that from those negative reviews right there. Fascinating. Okay, this has been a great setup for my next question, right? Hopefully we have used a lot of these techniques, um, or are going to use these techniques to discover kind of the emotional triggers, if you will, of our customers and prospects. Now, when it comes to structuring an emotion, uh, an ad, um, let's get into the breakdown of how we can actually make an ad that somehow, uh, triggers emotions. Awesome. Yeah. So really great point right here. So for us, let's go back to the girl sign example right there. That's a great one that, uh, worked really well for us. So number one thing, we're calling out what they want. So we understood from our market research of hey, two girls tagging each other Girls night soon. So we created this hypothesis that, hey, we could position this product as a fun activity for girls nights. So for us, the actual scripting of this ad right here comes pretty simple, right? So number one, you have your hook, right? This is the very first thing that comes up on the screen. Um, this is gonna be the text that comes up on the screen and the visual on the screen right there. Uh, we'll start off with the text first, then we'll go into the visuals. So when I'm sitting down to write my script, I know girls want to have a fun night for Girls night. That's, that's what I know just from my research. So I literally want to call that out in my hook. All right? Um, hey girls, do you wanna have a fun night for Girls Night? Or like the one we used, um, this is for my girls used to want a fun night for girls night, right? We're calling out what they want, we're calling out the emotions they want, we're calling out, um, you know, the night, that's Who they're too and who they're too girls. Correct. And that's also a big thing right there. If I just say, Hey, you know, this is my girls who want fun, or, Hey, this is for people who wanna have fun. It's like, that's too broad right there. We want to be very specific to a set of, um, what I would say like a, a persona right there, right? So We call that out in the hook. Guess what? Now any girl who's watching who has another girl sign on a while, craving that fun experience of that escape, because that's what a lot, that's the big part of why girls wanna have a Girl night. Just that they escape the stress of the day to day, um, and connect to their friends and kind of, you know, have a glass of wine. So that's what we want to visually showcase. The only difference here is that we're also showcasing our product inside of it. So when it comes down to actual text hook, we start off with what they want. This is my girl least want a Fun Girls Night soon. Then we went into like, Hey, I recently did this on my last girls night, and it was such a hit right there. So we start to introduce the product, right? We call out what they want. Now we're transitioning into how this product, um, allowed for that Fun Girls night. And we made it from, we wrote, I like to write things from a perspective of first person point of view. Um, I find if you can master that type of ad right there, um, that's the main ad to master before you start getting into like the other ad types of like third person, um, kind of like commentating over things like that. So I was like, how, can we, real Quick on that question, um, for brands who want to, who have historically used their page, you know, in their brand identity, are we creating a special or are we having someone inside the company do it from their creator profile? Or how are you actually, how are you actually tying tying that brand to that thing when you're speaking in first person? Does that make sense? Great question. Great question. So the way we like to look at it is, is more just like storytelling, right? Um, for example, like, um, you know, we'll see like every now and then, like an organic Facebook post of like, you know, like a Facebook friend for example. They just tried something new and they're posting about it on social media. Like, oh my God, I just tried this new recipe. It was so good, the whole family loved it and everything like that. Uh, I'll link the recipe below, you know, you'll see like grandma or like, you know, your aunts or something like that, talking about that on social media. Um, or like, you know, maybe a friend, like an Instagram story, trying a new pre-workout or like energy drink or even a drink at like a restaurant or something like that. So it's more just kind of, um, keeping it more from like the customer perspective right there. And then for like the branding side, it just kind of comes down more to, okay, what does that brand appeal to in terms of like the persona, um, the, the things you can't say, things you can't say. Um, how does that persona talk? That's also a big thing right there. Um, and that's kind of the main things I'm tying into for like, the actual branding aspect to it. Okay. So keep going. Uh, so you talked about the text. What about the images and how do we like get that, you know, imagery kind of working with the ad? Great question. So obviously first thing, your text, your hook is what's gonna take 80% of your time right there. You master the hook. Everything else is easy because if it's like, Hey, this is my girl, this who need a girl night soon. And now the the the next thing I'm challenged with is just talking about the, um, the text going into it. Well, all I'm simply telling is a story. So I'm telling a story where the very first thing I say is, this is my girls Senior Girls night soon. I recently, this is my last girls night. It was so much fun. We opened bottles of wine. We, um, you know, we, we talked about all of our things throughout the week and stuff and, uh, all while doing this product, uh, which was a painting product, so all while we're relaxing and painting and, um, you know, like the, the couple benefits around it. So once you write that text script right there, then what I, I get this question still. Wait, Just so we're clear, it was this like one of those places where it's kind of like a wine and decoration kind of place where you can go in and you can paint like stuff and then you can drink wine. Is that kind of what you were selling here? Or? No. So we are selling that experience, but for at home I see. Oh, okay. Keep going. Yeah, I'm listening. Yeah. So completely experienced, but for at home. Okay. Um, our product was a painting product that people would order, um, the wine and all that. That's, that's completely up to you to, you know, it's a, Oh, so, oh, this is fascinating. Okay, so you took something Yeah, that was a crafty kind of thing. Mm-Hmm. And you added this layer of emotion into it and put people in a context where they could do this in a small group setting, which it's almost as if the product was the secondary thing. It's more like this thing, uh, allows you to have a little girls' night at your house and it's kind That's fascinating. Okay. I love, I'm glad I asked that. Okay, keep going. Cool girls, were already gonna sit home, talk with their friends. Yeah, drink some wine and stuff like that. All I was doing was saying, Hey, while you do that, also use our product. And it also gives them an excuse as well, like, Hey, we need a girl sign soon because we need to do this thing. Yeah. Okay, keep going. Cool. So what kind of visuals are we talking about here then? Yeah, So great question. So once you write your text script, um, I get this question a ton, uh, between my students, between social media and stuff like that. They're like, Nick, how do you decide what visuals to use on the, um, the actual like ad itself? So the easiest way to explain it is I go line by line. So I have my 20 lines, uh, each line, you know, five, six words. It's kind of like the, how about my average short paragraphs? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I have my, uh, all my lines and then each one's five to six words. Um, you know, this is my girl's senior girls night soon, boom, that's line one. I recently did this on my last girl's night. Boom, that's line two. And then so on. And then what I do is, is I ask myself one question, how can I visually articulate this text? And, you know, it took me a while to kind of come up with this and it's so simple, but after watching like hundreds of commercials, um, actual professional commercials, not these things that we call Facebook ads, um, and I just asked myself, I'm like, why do they show this on the screen right here? Why do they show this on the screen right there? And then once I just kept like repeating over and over and I was like, all they do is just simply write the script. And then they asked themselves, how do I visually articulate this? And this is my girl who need a girls night soon. How can I visually articulate that? Well, number one, I could showcase a group of girls drinking and sipping on wine. How? Why does that make sense? Because this is my girls who need a girls night soon. What did a girls night once? They want a girls night, they want, they wanna see girls drinking. Um, you know, I recently did some of my own ads where I was like, POV, you installed a motion mating in your business and now you're hitting like new records with your Shopify store. Well, what do people want? And how can I visually articulate that? Well, they wanna see more and more money in their Shopify store. So I can start off with something as simple as that. I can also start off with something like what Alex Becker did where he like putting, like the little thumb drive is like, I installed this little system in my business and now it's crushing. And people are like, oh, what's in that thumb drive? And it's like, oh, it's Hiro. So it's a couple different ways you can visually articulate things, but that's, that's literally all I ask myself. And I train all my video editors and my photo editors to do that as well. Um, all my students as well, where you create that script. So you write your hook, which the hook comes from a research and the hook has only one goal, and that's to penetrate what people want. Right now. They want a fund Girls Night, all we're gonna simply say is they want a fun girls night. Then we write this script that goes off that hook most of the time, kind of a first person point, POV. So you know, I'm writing as if I just experienced this girls night and I'm talking about it with a product and everything, then, okay, now we have the hook. Now we have that script. Now go through and okay, what do we visually showcase for each one of these lines? How can I visually articulate these words and I just keep going line by line and ask myself for everyone. And that's it. And now I have my whole script with the B roll that you need to film, and I'll send that off to a content creator, or we might film it in-house. Uh, just depending on the complexity of the project. Are you finding that, uh, video ads are performing image ads? Man, it's, it's tough. I, I see a 50 50 on every account. It's, it's hard to say one or the other. What I like to tell people, it comes down to what do I need to visually showcase to someone to create belief? So I tell people all the time, it's like if I was selling the world's strongest iPhone case, um, and you know, I can create a photo ad that says the world's strongest, uh, iPhone case, but it doesn't really create any belief or instill any confidence in me that can help me satisfy my desire. But if I showcase a ten second video of an iPhone dropping from a hundred feet off a building and then someone just picking up the iPhone and showing how it still works, ten second video wouldn't take long at all. It's a film and that would crush it. It would get a lot more likes, a lot more comments, a lot more shares, probably a little bit more, a little bit of viralness to it and would do substantially well and also creates belief in the customer that this is the world's strongest iPhone case. When you are creating a still image, are you generally starting with video and then you're just pulling images outta the video to make the still image? Do you understand where I'm going with this? Yeah, that's, that's a great thing right there. Um, we don't do that too often, uh, unless we get like some UGC back and then, like, what we'll do is like maybe if the, the creator's holding the product, I'll take a screenshot of like the creator holding the product and maybe I'll also review. So I might take some still images from that, uh, depending on the idea. But again, it just comes down to what do we need to showcase someone right there at the end of the day? So when we're triggering these emotions in these ads, is it less about the physical product placement in the ad and is it more about just the people showing the end result and the product doesn't even show up till the end? I mean, like, how do we help, help us understand how the product itself works into the ad, into the visuals? That's a really good question right there. So Louis, I like to do it is I like to start off probably in the first, anywhere between three seconds to 10 seconds is all about showing someone's desired state. So like this from my gross senior girls night, soon when we showcase that right there, we showcase girls having fun, drinking, everything like that. And it wasn't until about five seconds in, 10 seconds in, then we showcase them like using the product and how they're having fun with the product. Um, and then from there, so like your beginning is showing the emotional state someone wants to be in, showing that desired outcome, someone has experiencing those things, then they're using the product. We're showcasing them using that product to achieve that. Then lastly, all we're simply doing is just that's the call to action side. Um, here's where you can get this product, here's where you can, you know, have more fun with your girls. For example, using a call to action kind of ties back to that hook that we used, um, where people can buy that. Love it. Okay, let's say I'm in a competitive marketplace. Um, let's talk about how to position ourselves, uh, up against the competition. 'cause maybe, you know, maybe we don't have the luxury of being uniquely different than everyone in the marketplace. So I would imagine there's gonna be maybe we, maybe with these emotional ads in a product where there's a lot of people selling the exact same thing, this can be the differentiator. I don't know. So I like to look at positioning in three different ways. So, um, I use, uh, kind of like the, the Facebook ads niche since most people hear, you know, running Facebook ads. So you have three different ways to, um, you know, Uh, you have two, which is take an existing way and just do it better. And we'll cover all three really quick. So new mechanism is just a whole new strategy. Um, so, uh, I'm gonna give a shout out really quick to, uh, CT disruptor. I think you've had him on the, uh, podcast as well. Uh, Charlie Disruptor, um, he, uh, he created this new mechanism in a way that really propelled them forward. And I was the, is that Charlie? Is that Charlie er or? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So he did a really great job at creating this new mechanism, a new way to get results with Facebook ads. He, by showing this broad targeting and then like running dynamic ads with, um, you know, three creatives, two Gotti copies, two headlines, right? So he introduced a new strategy to the marketplace. Um, now to be fair, it, he backed up his word with it. I, I personally use it as well in terms of how we run the ads. The more the technical side, not the creative side. Um, it works really well. It has been the best thing we've used as well. So he introduced this new way, broad targeting with Facebook ads. Um, he introduced a new strategy for us personally. My new strategy or my new mechanism when it comes down to, uh, the creative side is emotion baiting, right? Um, I'm introducing a new way to achieve results with creatives that convert and that is emotion baiting, right? So basically just taking something, uh, taking a strategy, making it kinda like my own, rebranding it, and then pushing it out right there. And that's a new mechanism. Now let's say you're not that smart, you can't really create a new mechanism, um, which to be fair, that was me as well in the beginning phases. Um, it was just simply taking a already existing strategy but doing it better. Mm-Hmm, right? So like, let's say for example, here's Facebook ads that get a four x ROAS or a two X roas, for example. Well, I wanna be the person that can get a three x RO asset Facebook ads or four x row asset Facebook ads. Hey, everyone else is talking about how to get two extra acid Facebook ads. I'm talking about how to get four extra asset Facebook ads. I'm just simply taking an already existing thing and just making it better. I'm not changing anything about it. I'm not changing about how it works. I'm just simply better at it. That's all I'm doing right there. Love it. Now the last way is identity marketing. And this is one of my favorites as well because, um, and I recently did this with like my inner circle for example. So, you know, my inner circle when I first launched it was just, Hey, you know, here's how you can, uh, get mentored by Nick if you run Facebook ads, you know, here's my Inner Circle program. But over time I started to realize, okay, it's mostly e-commerce Shopify store owners that's joining. Um, and also preferred to work with them anyway. Then can people that like just starting out. So then I went to, hey, if you are not just running Facebook ads, but if you're a Shopify store owner doing at least $10,000 a month with Facebook ads, here's my private mentoring circle. So you're niche, you're niching down is really what you're doing. Correct? Correct. Okay. So that's identity marketing right there. And that allowed me to double prices. I went from $500 a month to a thousand dollars a month from my inner circle, and I get a much better quality of student who actually takes a lot less time and attention needed to get them results. So on top of niching down, also get a more customized solution, can charge more, um, annual work less. So, that's the beauty of niching down. Now, the downside of it is if I would launch a inner circle for people doing Shopify, doing at least 10,000 a month, but I launched it all the way back in 2014 15 when Facebook ads was really just getting the kickoff. I would've such a small market. So niching down too soon can actually hurt you sometimes 'cause your market won't be big enough. So that's one downside of niching down too soon. Um, and you just more of something you kind of have to test out to see if it works for you or if it doesn't. And you might have to kind of pull back a little bit. Um, in terms of that niching aspect. Nick Terio, this has been a really awesome, uh, deep exploration into a bunch of cool ideas. I bet you a lot of people listening, I've never heard it before. Um, if people wanna discover more about you, uh, number one, what's your preferred social platform for them to connect with you on? And then number two, if they wanna learn more about your business, where do you wanna send them? Great question right there. So, um, my YouTube Nick Terio, um, that's where I, if you want more constant like you experienced on today's podcast, just go on that channel. I have, like I said, I have three videos every single week that are anywhere between 10 to 20 minutes long, exactly like this. Um, if you want more of like a one-on-one connection with me or anything like that, uh, my Instagram is Nick terio. Um, you can shoot me a dm, anything like that, I'm pretty responsible on there, right there. Wait, You have underscore at the end of your name, that's important for just On Instagram? Yeah. Okay, got it. Okay, cool. Keep going. What else you gonna say there? And then lastly, if you want to connect with me in terms of like my actual business, uh, my agency is terio solutions.com or uh, my course, which is next tier ads.com. Nick Terio, thank you again for sharing your insights with us today. You welcome Michael. I really appreciate you having me on.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickTheriot [4 likes]: Michael thank you for hosting me! It was a blast 🔥
  2. @SocialMediaExaminer: ⚡🫙 Discover how to use video storytelling to connect with your target audience https://youtu.be/WNC8tKZfT1c?si=0BvHd89gcGAp29W6
  3. @Nick_Dara_Alex_Barry_uglyAds: Great video I love it
  4. @InfoRiumTvOfficial: Just to add you can filter results in tha Ads Library. You can use filters for Active or Inactive ads and you can also sort them by date. So if you want to see 3 months earlier just enter those dates and it will produce the results based on filters 😊

- The EASY Way To Create Facebook Ads That Scale (Full Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to share with you guys three ads that you can make with your phone or in Canva in the matter of minutes that just scale. All right, to show you this, I'm going to jump into my ad account right now to show you guys that I have these things going. And if you stick around to the end, I will give you a Canva template for the last ad strategy. All right, so let's go ahead and jump in. All right, so we are in my ad account right now, and I'm going to share with you guys what these ads are, and they're probably going to surprise you because they are so easy to make. Okay, I'm going to have uh four different uh ads I'm going to share with you and we're going to go through these one at a time and then if you guys stick around to the end, we're going to make these live on this YouTube video just to show you how easy and fast it is. So, this is a direct VSSL campaign where I'm running ads directly to have people inquire to work with us. And this is the winning ad right now. It is at a 2.65x rorowaz. And it is the simplest ad ever. Okay, I just want to share this with you. Okay, this is the ad that I made. I made a post on Twitter. It's like a fake post, but it was a post on Twitter, right? And then I shared it to my Instagram stories, took a screenshot of that, and then I uploaded it to Ads Manager and ran that as an ad. That ad has a 2.65 return on announcement, and it took me, you know, all I had to do is just make the copy, and then I just threw it over my Instagram stories like that. Okay, Twitter ads crush. They still crush. I run a lot of them. I have another one that I I'll share with you here. And I use a different software for this. I'm going to show you how to do both of these, but this one is very very similar again, right? How to get more coaching clients. 1 2 3. Download the course today. I made this on Twitter, okay? I use a different software. I didn't just share it to my stories, but I use a different software that I'll share with you in this video. And this one is my highest performing ad. I've tested it across a couple different campaigns, adets, etc. in the past, and it always outperforms. So, this is a brand new campaign. I just pretty much launched this here I think last week and already has two calls booked. Our cost per per call that we're looking for is around $500 in this campaign. So again, these are all active ads that I'm running right now. And these are all actually optimized for coaches who have who are making at least $5,000 a month. So for a $10 cost per actually this is cost per new lead. This is someone who's never been in my ecosystem before, but cost per lead just optin on that funnel is less than $10. Yeah. Again, most of those are new leads, which is really, really cool. Okay, so that's uh one ad that we'll walk through is the Twitter ad. How to make it from start to finish in this video. The second one I want to share with you guys is the notes app. So, this is in that same exact campaign. Uh a little bit higher cost per lead, but still around $10. But check this out. All right, so this is just a simple notes app. That's what it looks like on Instagram. It's super clean, but I made this on my phone in legit five minutes, took a screenshot of it, uploaded to Ads Manager and run this as an ad and it is so easy. Okay, so again, call out what's the goal outcome. You should run ads this way. I built a course that shows you how to do that. Get the link below. Again, simple is key. Now, we do pair a lot of these ads with video ads that build relationship, trust, etc. Right? A simple static ad can showcase and say the offer faster than a video can. Right? So strong offers that are like freebies or or courses or stuff like this, you don't need a video to oversell it. It's good as is, right? So I can get that message across really fast. And we use a lot of like our miniourse funnel as so they can join our school group. It's a very top offunnel campaign, right? I do broad targeting for everything. But again, we get a lot of like first-time clicks from people who join us and and learn who I am through this funnel. And then I have more direct VSSL campaigns, which are actually that first one that I showed you a second ago that are having people inquire to work with us. And oftentimes, like just by looking at the the click history, they they came from the mini course first. They see an ad like this, then they book a call with us. But again, ad number one, the simplest one out there, I'm telling you right now, is still the Twitter style. I've I've done a couple different versions of this. Like my original one that I did that was super profitable, looked like this. How to get more coaching clients one, two, three. And then uh I recently added this this criteria before cuz we were getting a bunch of people who were not uh doing 5K per month. But again, this one crushed. This one was I had it just for fitness coaches. Rush, one of my best ads. I have a whole YouTube video actually just covering that ad uh altogether. So recently I've just noticed that it does start to like a little bit difference of styles because a lot of people run those same black or white just Twitter style ads. So add one Twitter style, add two, notes app. We'll go over that and then ad three. This one I found a lot of success with. This is a simple Loom video. It's got a 4x row. It's still pretty early on, but it is a simple Loom video that is embedded into a Canva file. All right, so like I make a Loom video. You can see I take the full screen up. I then make it go smaller and kind of walk through a mini pitch VSSL or kind of teach something. So in this one, I actually just taught, you know, here are the three things you need need to get more clients. You need trust, you need uh to book calls, the DMs, and then you need to take the calls. And it was like super simple, but I leveraged the novelty of this was our AI booking bot software. we use to help people like book calls on their own. So, it's like run ads, step two, have a booking bot that books calls in, and then step three, take those calls and sign them as clients. Super simple, but people are like, "Oh, that sounds super easy, super fun. I think it's fun." All that, right? And then they would book. So, that I'll also give you guys as access. But this is what it looks like as a Canva file. I record the Loom video, download it, upload it as a video here, and then I'll just start changing the offer on the screen, right? Which is just the text, right? All right. I can make a bunch of different variations of that to determine which of those offers like, you know, text does better, right? And I've actually got a lot of these. I've done them with different offers. I've done with like black backgrounds, done them with like, you know, bubble text, no bubble text, stuff like that. But again, all this stuff is so easy to make. You know, with the new Andromeda updates, we need a lot of different creative variations and we need to find the winning message fast. So, for me, these are like my go-to like strategies or go-to ad creatives that I currently launch with outside of the traditional video scripts. We do a lot of video scripting as well where we can launch a bunch of ads, whether they're just like selfie camera style videos or they are, you know, just nice professional recorded like this where I've got a teleprompter in front, just read off of it. So, I do a mix of those, but again, I always find myself coming back to these because they're so easy to set up. And if I'm like tired or don't have a lot of energy to be on camera, you know, I can make these pretty fast. Even the Loom video, that one's that one takes a little bit more energy. But again, the notes app and the tweets apps, those are just so easy to make. Okay, so we're going to go through this together. I'm going to share with you guys from start to finish making the notes and tweets apps. And then for this Canva one, I'm just going to give you guys the link to this in the description below. So, if you guys want that, you can go ahead and snag it. Yeah, it's it's awesome. It's what I use for again a lot of my videos. I won't make a full video of how to make that. You guys can just like get the template and watch the video in there, but it's as simple as changing headlines, right? Headline, sub headline, and then having a video in the middle of it. And because I have access to it, what I'll do is I'll make sure to have like two styles in there. Style number one, which is like the more recent videos, is more value educational. And then the other one is pretty much a direct pitch for the offer, which is the the miniourse, right? Here's the mini course. Here's what you get, all that stuff, right? Which works really well again for those lead magnets. Okay, so let's go how to make these things. Okay, so number one, let's start with our let's start with this first campaign here where we're going to make a Twitter post. Okay, so what we're going to do first is we need to make the copy. Okay, so I've already made the copy for this, so I won't be covering uh the copy in this video. But again, when I'm looking for copy, I'm looking at other content creators or I'm looking at other ads and when I see messaging that stops my scroll, I will save that. I'll take a screenshot of it. Then I'll play with it in chat GBT and kind of make it my own. So I'm going to go ahead and I've already got one made. So I'm going to come over to X like on my computer now. I'm then going to paste that ad in here. Let me grab it first on my phone. All right, we got that copy. I'm going to go ahead and paste it from here. So with all ad copy, especially now, you got to have the creative do the targeting. So for mine, it has the online coaches making over 5K per month. We found a way to program chat GBT into your DMs to book qualified sales calls. When you pair it with Instagram ads that bring in qualified leads, that equals 10 to 20 clients monthly. Here's how it works. We script your ads for you. We the ads drive traffic to a chat GBT system. So I'm going to change this to to an AI booking bot. And then the bot, let's just put AI. AI sounds cooler. AI books only serious prospects. See how it works by clicking the link, right? So, boom. That's the copy for the ad. All I'm going to do now is just push post. Okay. And now it's it's on here. All right. So, I'm on my phone over here and what I'm going to do is I'm going to go over to my profile, right? Where I just made that post. I'm going to come down here. I'm going to push the share button. I'm going to push share to stories. And then when I share to stories, you'll see this is that exact ad I showed you at the start. And all I'm going to do here is make this a little bit bigger. Right? That's all I got to do. And then once I'm good, I can just push those little three dots to the right and push save. Boom. Add one is done, right? I might want to adjust it to make it a little bit bigger. But boom, done. Now, if I want to change the color of this, I'm going to go ahead and click on this little icon. It's going to be up here. You'll see it. Push done. You see that little squiggly line next to the music? That's the button you're going to click to change the colors. Select which color you want. And all you got to do is just click on the background. Once you have that color selected, click on the background and hold it. Boom. Another variation of an ad done in seconds. I can push done. And then again, I can save it. If I want to keep doing that with other colors, I can do that. Let's go orange. Boom. Orange. Done. Right. Save. You see how easy that is? Okay. And once these are all saved, I can just upload these to Ads Manager. All right. Now, let me share with you guys another tool you can use to make these if you want to do it on your desktop. And then we'll jump into the notes app next. See how easy this is? Like again, like it doesn't have to be that hard to make ads as long as the copy is good. Now, I did go over the copy fast, but the copy does have to be tight for this to work. So, that's way number one to make the Twitter style ads. Now, let's come back to the computer cuz there's another way to this, too. So, I'm here on my computer and the other software that I've used a lot. So, that's where this orange is, like this orange text right here, what looks like this. This is actually from the software called Tweet Hunter. And all I have to do is do the same thing, right? I just come over here, push copy, you know, copy link, come over here, paste that tweet URL, and do screenshot. And then when I do that, I just grab the thing that I wanted, and I can keep this and have it be just like a black or white image, or I can do the design like I did with the orange one. So, I would do this. I would change the display option to Instagram vertical feed to take up more real estate. And then all I need to do from here is just make this wider and kind of just make it look good, right? So, might want to actually have it be tighter. That actually looks better. Yeah, that looks way better, right? Boom. Do you see how easy this is? I'm serious. Like, ads are not hard. You just have to have good offers. Like, if you have good offers, you will scale. Okay, that's all you need, right? You could have a background image if you want to. So, then I can just change my background colors to any colors that I want, right? And boom. Now, you might have to like, you know, once you make this post, if it doesn't look good over here, you may have to just come over here and edit the original post. But guess what? You just do it again. And you just keep doing that. But you see how easy this is. And then once I'm ready for this, I just push download and boom, you know, I've got my ad. Can load that in ads manager and launch it. Again, Twitter ads still work. I'm still getting a really good cost per call, really good rorowaz from those ads, and they take minutes to make. So, let's jump to the next ad. This is that ad I just made, the first one I just showed you how to do. You can change the background colors. Now, let's talk about the notes app ad. So, this one's awesome. I'm going to come back to my phone for this. All right. So, the next thing we're going to do is now we're going to make this notes app. So, I'm going to take the same copy that I already had. I'm going to copy this over, right? I've already got it here in my tweet. I'm then going to use my desktop to start this. I've already made a version of this. I would just paste that full thing in here. And then I would make this top line here the title, right? I like to edit on desktop because it looks better. And then I'll go over to mobile. But what I like to do here is I like to remove these. And I like to use the check marks. They look cooler. look like a notes app. You know, I'll make the notes app. Boom, boom, boom. Right. And then if I want to make part of this highlighted, I can just hover over this, hover over the text formatting. And then I can click on this and I can change that color. If I if I actually just like click on the little color over here next to that, I can just change it to orange. Right? So, boom. There we go. That's what it looks like on desktop. But I have to get this on mobile cuz that's going to be it's going to be a mobile ad, right? So, let's go ahead and open up that phone over here. I'm going to go to the most recent one. You can see I'm on my phone now that I've got the baseline of this, but I might want to adjust the formatting so it looks good on mobile, right? So, one of the things you can do, this is totally a secret kind I kind of like like this is uh if I come back to my computer. I can't do this on my phone. So, what we're going to do here is I'm going to highlight on my computer the part that I I want to make bigger. And if I click on command shift plus, it'll make the text bigger. If I do commandshift minus, it'll make it smaller. So you can see on my phone over here how that section right now just is kind of like the text is smaller. If I'm going to make this as an ad, I want it to be bigger. So I'm going to do command shift plus. And at first it's going to make it smaller. It's just what it does. And then I can keep pushing that plus button until it takes up I'm going to go right there. Right? Takes up more space. The text is bigger, but it doesn't add that third line of text. Like if I did want to do this, I could also just make this text smaller if I wanted to really play with the format to have two lines. And then I might even be able to make it bigger again. I can make it bigger again. Nope. too big. [clears throat] But you can see how I just like I'm just playing, right? And then once it's made, all I need to do from here is just screenshot it, right? So I can screenshot it. Boom. And then I can just go here, save, save to photos. So simple, right? And then again, if I want to change this background and color, I can actually just go scroll down, click on my uh icon here, and change turn dark mode off. And then voila, another ad I can screenshot. Do you see how fast this is? This is the name of the game. I can make different variations to the text, etc. But this is how I make these notes ads so fast. Cuz again, all you need to really make ads profitable is you need to have a good offer. Okay? If you have a good offer, you can display that offer, whether it's a lead magnet or your paid thing with text, whether it's a Twitter post or if it's a notes app, get it in front of people, get the click, and sell them on the next page with a video sales letter, your lead magnet, etc. So again, like what I'm trying to share with you guys is it's not hard to make ads. It does take some time, right? But these are just some simple ways to make ads. notes app, Twitter style ads, they crush it. And then again, just this format here has worked really well for me in the past where it's just offer a super simple Loom video, showing them what they get, showing them how it works, and then having them click the link below. So, those are three simple simple ads you can use right now to start getting more leads for your business, whether it's a coaching, consulting, service-based business. But, hope this helps, guys. If you guys want more help with this or want to learn how to actually set the campaigns up, all that kind of fun stuff, I will have a link down below to my free paid ads miniourse that covers all account setup information. It's also where I'll post all my announcements and updates to how we run ads. And I'm currently going through a big change with our paid community right now where there's been a bunch of changes here with Andromeda and the campaign structure, style, how to scale them. So, I'm currently adjusting our paid community stuff and then once I finish that in the next month or so, a lot of those changes will be rolled out to that free miniourse community. So, if you guys want the most up-to-date stuff, go ahead and click that link below and join today. All right, so that's all I got for today. I'll see you guys next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @trackingconsulting [1 likes]: Excellent tutorial on Facebook ad scaling. The structure and explanation are spot-on. It would be even more powerful with a section on advanced tracking implementation, since accurate tracking is the foundation of true scaling.
  2. @BF-FIT [1 likes]: Leads or engagement?
  3. @aeel_yf2498: How do yu scale up the ads after running first ad? Increase budget on campaign or duplicate adset into a new campaign and change the creative and in between both of these how many days later did yu change from both of these conditions?
  4. @divyv20: Hey Dr. Matt , really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with high Quality Editing and thumbnails which will bring you very good results. Lmk if you are open to it man?
  5. @JacobGrahamFit: Dr Matt you’ve been dropping the sauce!
  6. @NymaaHersi-l7x: please where can i contact you , give me your number kinndly
  7. @christophrcolon: Great video! Would love to see you do a video talking about your process to scale, what to do when you have a couple top performers, and the most important thing for me would be how to utilize data and get it back to meta for better leads!
  8. @BF-FIT: Are these all pixel ads ?
  9. @aspmania: Great thanks! 🤝

- How to Create Facebook Ads That Convert Like CRAZY: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads are an incredible way to grow your business and in today's video we're going to be covering how to structure High converting Facebook ads so that way you can get more sales with your business we're going to be jumping right into it and here we are inside of our Facebook ads manager I'm not going to be covering targeting or setting up a campaign today we're just going to be strictly covering how to create a high converting Facebook ad but if you want to see my other videos on Facebook ad targeting you can definitely check those out here so let's go ahead and get into it here we are on the ad level and the first thing we're going to do is use an example from muddy bites this is a brand that sells a product that you can actually eat and it's little muddy bites which is the bottom of a wafer snack and so we're going to go ahead and find a creative on this store that we can leverage inside of our Facebook ads we'll go through some of these examples and see if we can find one that makes sense for running so here's an example we have GMO free we have kosher certified and then we have people food Awards 20 23 so we're going to go ahead and actually save this image and use this as an example for our Facebook ad creative and the product Center focused we can clearly see what they're selling we're going to leverage this inside of our Facebook ad example one of the first things we're going to do is hit manual upload we'll choose single image and we can use a video Carousel or collection but we're first going to start with our Facebook ad format that is a image based creative we're going to use this image we took directly from the site and this is good because whenever we send people to the site they're going to see this exact same image which will will let them know they're in the same place we're going to choose original or 1ex one on this creative and what we're going to do is because we want to leverage this in the stories and reals placement we're going to go to canva and actually update this creative so here we are we're placing the creative inside of canva so that way we can use it and then we're just going to go ahead and fill in the rest of this background so it's perfect sizing and a 1080 x 1080 placement is able to fit in a lot of different places on Facebook and what we're going to do in addition to this is we're actually going to go to resize in Magic switch and we're going to do see all and we're we're going to go to Instagram and we're going to choose Instagram story and then we're going to hit continue and we're going to copy and resize this design so now we have our Instagram story placement and what we can do is actually add in a specific call out here by leveraging this additional white space so there's space above and below the product and we can actually put in the product title here and then we can start to adjust how this will look and then we can go ahead and download this PNG and then we can also download our 1080x 1080 to adjust this as well and we'll go back to our Facebook ads manager we'll go ahead and upload the exact size formats so that way we can fit in more placements this is really good because this will allow us to show up in the exact format necessary and is going to help us get more reach and allow us to get better conversions so we've added in the exact size requirement here we're going to go ahead and replace this one as well with our updated 9x6 format and then we can choose original on this placement and here we go we have these formats now there are a few things we can do here with optimizations which can definitely help with your Facebook ads you have your original creative which which will just show standard but then we have relevant comments a great way to turn on and get people to the most relevant comment meaning if somebody purchases this product and then leaves a comment saying I absolutely love this it's going to show that comment first to other people who see this ad and that can increase your conversion rates and definitely provide a much better experience and drive a higher overall purchase return on ad spin then we have music if you're just using a simple image Facebook will choose the best music to Overlay this can help on the reals placement when people are scrolling through their feeds they usually have audio turned on so whenever they get to your ad it will have some music which will help them go with the flow you know actually staying engaged on the creative whereas if the sound stops they might just swipe and you know continue on then we have our image template which will show our headline and it'll match some of the branding colors that we use in the product we have visual touchups which can help brighten up the image if necessary text improvements are turned on so that way we can find the best variation and we don't necessarily need a 3D format here because it kind of messes up our Texs it's not necessary so we're going to leave that off and then we could add our catalog items below this is a great recommendation if you have the catalog connected and when we have expand image we don't need to because it's already pretty zoomed in in this case so we're going to go ahead and hit done and these are things that have been proven to increase conversion rates so definitely recommended to have them then as we scroll down we can start to add in our primary text so one of the easiest ways to develop your primary text is by going to your website and just choosing some of the information that you already share and this is actually a pretty good example right here the best part of a Sunday cone now available as a bite size size snack so we can go ahead and add that as a variation so here we have our Simple Text added in a ice cream emoji and this is pretty straightforward and this is just going to be our first primary text example now we can have up to five primary text and I definitely recommend doing that because you can find the best ad copy format that is going to convert so we're going to go ahead and add an additional text option we'll go back to the website and we're going to pull in our next format and the next one's going to be a reviewbased copy because this is coming from a customer's perspective and can definitely help with your conversions as well so let's go to the reviews and find one these are pretty simple reviews we want to find something that really highlights the flavor or calls out the main benefits here we go this one's perfect so we can go ahead and take this add copy format and I'm actually going to remove this portion here because this is going to simplify our text make it much more easy to just digest and read I usually end up eating the whole bag in one serving they're addictive now this is actually a really smart review to have as a ad copy because then other people might end up feeling the same way and if they go through the our bag what's the next step they're going to buy more so this is going to increase our returning customer rate which is amazing then we're going to go ahead and go back to emojipedia we're going to type in Star we're going to grab our five star review and we're going to have one of our headlines as we're going to put verified review here and then add in our five stars and then we can go ahead and add in an additional text option so we'll go back to the website and we'll just take the description very straightforward once again we're not overthinking the ad copy it makes sense it's on the website we know it converts so we're just going to use it again on our Facebook add because it just reinforces what we're selling crunchy chocolate cone filled with creamy white chocolate that will remind you of your favorite nostalgic flavor combo cookies and cream that's perfect so we're going to have that add copy here and then we're going to go ahead and make a final variation we're going to do ways to eat muddy bites we're going to use a delicious emoji and then we're going to call out the exact steps eat them one by one put them on ice cream because now we're giving our potential customers ideas on how they can use our product and combine them in creative ways to enjoy it and even giving them an idea to share them and buy them for other people we're going to add these as bullet points to make this simple and then we'll have a call to action which is just going to be shopped now and then just to fill in our final text we'll find one more call out so we'll probably go to the homepage and here we go we have some more call outs tastes just like when you're a kid only better this is going to be for the people who remember eating ice cream and always loving the bottom portion of the cone and we'll have another set of bullet points here and then we can add some additional emojis like the checkbox you can see how quickly we put together this ad already we're not overthinking this we're keeping it very simple we're just taking what is already proven and what we already have adding it as ADD copy and now we can start on our headlines so one of the headlines can be 5800 plus five star reviews another headline can be the actual product name so if we go back to our product cookies and cream and we'll use muddy bites as just our brand name awardwinning flavor that's another good one and then one final call out and we'll say bite-sized wafer and then for our description we'll say free shipping as a call out because we offer free shipping and then we're going to go ahead and choose our call to action in this case it's going to be Sho now and so you can really see how we're leveraging every potential placement possible from the creative to the headline to the actual primary text and description because we want to maximize the total number of variations to see which ad creative and copy variation is going to drive the most conversion so that way we can use our test and learn strategy going forward to continuously optimize and get a better result for ourselves and then a lot of people miss out on the info labels it's one of the most powerful ways to increase your sales you can have additional real estate and what I mean by that is it'll make your ad bigger you can add more call outs make it much easier for people to make a buying decision a lot of their objectives are around how long it takes to ship is the shipping free do you offer multiple payment options is there refund policy if I don't like the product what are the guarantees this is where you can add info labels so we'll say free shipping and we might already offer free shipping 100% so we don't necessarily have to say it's over a certain price but if yours is over $50 or $100 you just type that in then we can add in our shipping time frame so it might take us only 3 days to ship then we can do another info label which is our return policy and we can say are returns free yes and then returns are accepted within 30 days then another info label which might be our payment options what do we offer as a payment option you can see exactly how many payment options that you offer on your shop by store you should have that information for your business you know you might offer shop pay PayPal Google pay these are all things that that you want to mention here we'll go ahead and say afterpay Apple pay Google pay PayPal and mention those so now we can go ahead and look at some of these additional info labels which are business information now if you joined Instagram a long time ago this could be a relevant one to show and could give more validation that your business has been around for a while so you might keep that option if you don't have a store location then you need to uncheck this box because it doesn't make sense to be shown on your ad store price range if you don't have a store don't show it location don't show it if you don't have it social cues if you have a lot of Instagram followers and what I mean by that is over 10,000 definitely make sure to have this box checked because it gives more social proof when somebody sees your Facebook ad it says over 150,000 people follow this page or like this page that is going to tell other people that you know people are interested in what you're offering so it can definitely help page check-ins once again no location page follows great page likes message response time if you have automations or if you respond to every message if you're fast with it if your team is on this and keep it on page ratings if you have multiple festar reviews leave it if not uncheck it and so we'll go ahead and use these options here because these info labels make the most sense for us and as you can see it'll actually show these on your ad and then we'll hit done and then if we have a promo code this is a great way to highlight your promo code automatically Source codes from your website if you have a 10% firsttime offer or a free ship coupon Facebook will go ahead and find it on your site and automatically offer it to somebody where they can claim that coupon code that way they don't have to type it in when they check out or you can manually add the code where it's first 10 which means first 10% off and this will show on your ad this is a great way to incen iies new customers especially if you know you have a high returning customer rate you can get more people to buy your product then we're going to go ahead and send people directly to our page so we'll click on the exact flavor that we were just doing which was the cookies and cream we'll copy this link paste it here because it's going to dynamically show that for us next we can go ahead and add in our URL parameters from surge if you haven't signed up for surge you can get a free 21-day trial you'll get add recommendations email recommendations Shopify AI recommendations and everything you need to essentially optimize your storage is beyond your ads and it also provides you a way to track your analytics and return an ad spin from your performance dashboard so we simply just go to settings inside of Surge and grab our tracking script so that way we can measure additional purchases that Facebook may or may not miss we'll go to manual and we'll go ahead and access utss we'll copy this and we'll place it in our URL parameter section so now that we have this we have our ad built out we've leveraged not only different headlines different copy different placements but we have a full ad built out and typically I recommend choosing one of your primary text and just adding in in as the ad name so that way you have it here and can use this to know and identify which ad format this is and so we have our first ad variation and we can go ahead and look at Advanced preview and see how this shows up you'll start to notice that it's pretty Dynamic it shows a lot of different angles here we have you know this first one which is our Facebook feed ad we have one where it shows the 500 plus five star reviews we have our Instagram placement we have movement on this Instagram feed video we have our actual Instagram story and then as we go down you can see all the other placements and how will show up the text fits perfectly on the reals placement we're really just scanning to look if we missed anything and making sure everything looks perfect for our ad formats once again it does and we have all of our optimizations turned on that we're going to leverage and so now we can go ahead and publish this format The Next Step would be duplicating this and adding in additional variations I always recommend up to five formats because you can get a lot of testing done you can do a carousel of all your different flavors or different products you can do a collection which shows your product and then the actual catalog below you can do an actual video which is great especially with Instagram reals being a heavy placement that people are visiting and on Instagram stories and Facebook Stories you can show up in that placement more frequently with a 9 x16 video so definitely make sure to leverage that and then if you have a partnership where you have another Creator post for you you can activate this and use their page to run ads from that's another great way to leverage Facebook ads so I would go ahead and build out the five ad creative formats build out your primary text your headlines and description and enable all the information that makes the most sense for your business because it's going to help you get more conversions and if you're interested in learning more strategies like this I highly recommend to subscribe to my YouTube channel Chase Chapel so that way you can see more videos every Friday when we release them covering Facebook Tik Tok email organic strategies to get more sales for your business and if you want to take it to the next step and generate an additional 100K per month then I highly recommend checking out our one-on-one ads mastery mentorship we've completely revamped it and are releasing new modules every week into this curriculum where we can help you go through the exact process of how to take your store to multiple six figures per month covering everything you need around your ads in a one-on-one environment where we're directly working with you and coaching you through the process so go ahead and book a call if that sounds like something that makes sense for you once again it's your favorite digital marketer here at Chase Chapel cheers and bye all

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChaseChappell [5 likes]: Learn the one 'HACK' that can 3x your Facebook ad results, in this next video: https://youtu.be/zc80uQMYzFo?si=ZQFcnM89GdoJNw9M
  2. @HristoAtanasov-e5w [2 likes]: This explained exactly why my past ads weren’t working — now I know what to fix.
  3. @Jani-l5m [1 likes]: Be carful if you choose to use music for the ads. Meta shows it as an option but i almost got fined because the music meta is giving you is lisenced.
  4. @missgrimbi [1 likes]: why don't I have the same options when uploading an image. I can't crop it and make reel format to help not having weird cropping while running an ad.

Thanks :)
  5. @karlcardozatv: Ok so yeah i am totally overthing my ads. Thanks chase. really appreciate it. have a blessed day ahead mate
  6. @nufero: The first time Im watched an efficient video actually explaining wth all these options mean. Thanks a bunch!!
  7. @Artosadventure: Anyone else get lots of spam people trying to sell you stuff when you post an FBook add tho? Any advice 
Is google better to advertise on?
  8. @TomaszKowalczyk-n8y: This video basically just decoded the clickbait matrix — and I’m here for it. Time to make ads people can’t not click. 🔥🧠
  9. @skyhighgaminguk: You don't show how to get to the actual ads part of Facebook to start creating the ad!?!?
  10. @zoops3: What i'm trying to figure out is should I make a fb page just for my business or do this all through my normal page? Does it separate them, does it matter?
  11. @Blair-x9i: Thank you so much for this video. It was very interesting.
  12. @AnastasiaDavis-x3v: It was very instructive
  13. @CindyArdon-u5p: It was very instructive
  14. @oliufo44: whats
 this page cold ????
  15. @brianedwardsu7404: So we still need to attach this to GTM even if we do not run Google Ads , just Facebook ads? This is the URL or UTM code. Please advise.
  16. @BreezinBreeze: Hi! Thanks for the video. When I start a new campaign, for any reason, it’s not showing the option to choose the conversion location (which I should select “website”) and it’s not showing the option to select the pixel either. Can you help me with that please?
  17. @mtiberio: This is so confusing. At your 1:18 mark, under Ad Creative, in the Media drop-down box, after Add Image, you got to a screen that says "Select Media Crop for Placements". When I do that, it's not showing me a "Next" button on the bottom right. Instead, I have one that says "Continue", and after I click it, it just goes right back to the Ad Setup screen. I can't figure out how to set up Media Crop for Placements. Have things changed this much in seven months?
  18. @leonardodegenerate260: Bro. I had the same idea with the ice cream bottom part. Not for business, but I thought like "what if?". 2024 man, all our visions are becoming a reality (except GTA 6 of course.)
  19. @mariem6508: Can you make a vedio of  how  create a good a creative ad (vedio)
  20. @postscriptciara: This is ACTUALLY HELPFUL! This is exactly what I’ve been looking for. So glad I found you. Subscribed! 🙏🏻

- How to Make AI UGC Ads in 2026 (Full Course): Kind: captions Language: en If you're not using AI for your UGC ads, you're literally wasting money. Because whether you're a brand owner or an agency still relying on human creators, you already know the problems that come with it. People constantly miss deadlines. You have to ship out products. Every single revision can take days or sometimes even weeks. And by the time your ad is finally out, the trend's already dead, and you're just watching your ad budget burn. So, you're spending more than people using AI. And you're also wasting time, too. And in ads, time is everything because the ones who win are the ones who test, learn, and launch fast. And that's exactly why these AIdriven ads are blowing up right now. You can create 10 ad variations in a single afternoon without ever having to ship, reshoot, or wait on anyone. You can control every single variable, the look, the tone, and the script. And after testing pretty much every AIGC platform out there, I found the one that stands miles above the rest. The tool is called Arcads. And instead of just replacing other platforms, it adds a bunch of really strong hidden features. And so in this video, I'm giving you a full course on how to make UGC ads with AI inside Arcads step by step so you can start creating content faster, cheaper, and higher converting than anything you've ever done before. If you want to follow along with this course, there's a link to Archads in the description below. So feel free to follow along if you want. All right, so with that being said, let's jump in. When you first log into Arcads and want to open a new project, you just click this button up in the top left corner. That's going to open up this window here and this is going to be your main working area. Let me give you a quick walkthrough of how the interface works. Up top right, you have this plus button. That's where you can see all the ads you've generated before and you can either recreate them or add them as assets to your new project. Right next to that, you can control the workflow you're working on. Down at the bottom, you have your main prompting window. This is where all the main work happens. And if you look up here at the top, you'll see it's split into three key tabs. Talking actors, videos, and the Seymour section. Think of these as your main categories for everything you'll be working with inside Arcads. The first one, talking actors. This is where you'll be spending most of your time because it's the feature that actually brings your ideas to life, letting you turn a simple script into a fully AI generated UGC ad with real movement and emotion. On top of that, this is where you can create your own AI made influencer to promote all your products and keep the person fully consistent every time. Then you have videos, which we'll cover in more detail later. And you'll want to stick around because it's unbelievably good. To put simply, this is where you can tap into the top AI video models and build full ad videos from the ground up. Inside the more options tab, here you'll find some additional features that make your ads feel more complete. For example, there's unboxing POV. This one lets you generate those naturallooking unboxing videos that always perform well on Tik Tok and reals. Then there's show your app, which is perfect if you're promoting any kind of software or mobile app. It makes it look like someone is genuinely showing your app live on their screen. You also have upscale, which does exactly what it sounds like. It cleans up and sharpens your videos and images to make them the highest resolution possible. And finally, there are the animate actor and replace actor tools. Both of these can animate static images or replace people in clips and they're great for reusing content you already have. So overall, everything is organized really intuitively. With that being said, let's dive into the first and the most used feature, talking actors. So first thing you want to select the highest model available by clicking here. For me, it's this one right here. Then you've got two options for adding your script. You can either record it or upload it. You can either go with text to speech, which is basically where you paste in your script, or speech to speech, which is where you actually talk it in. The AI copies your tone, your intonation, everything, which makes it super accurate. Arcads works really well with just text, so you don't need to record anything if you don't want to. Text is perfectly fine. That's what I'm going to be using right now. And finally, the way you can add emotions. I'll get into that in just a second. And now I'm leaving it unchanged. Before choosing our actor, we need a clear idea of what we're promoting. I'm going to be promoting this gloss highlighter from a brand called Rei. It looks really cool. It's a pretty popular product and that's what I'm going to be using today. So, for this idea, I want a girl in a pretty casual environment who looks young. With that in mind, we can go ahead and select our actor. When you click add actor, you'll see this library pop up, and there are literally over a 100 actors available. If you hover over their images, you can listen to how they sound. And you can also sort them by tags. I'll sort the characters by female, then pick young adult. And that already filters it down a lot. You can also narrow it down even more if you don't see anything that fits. You can add filters like situations or accessories. For me, I'm going to stick with Margaret right here. And I'll also add Erica. Once that's done, I just click add actors, and it automatically adds both of them into my workflow. Now, I'll add in my script. The way I like to make my scripts for AI UGC ads is by opening a new ChatG window and asking it to make a UGC ad script without any headings or quotation marks. I'll write a Gen Z UGC ad script for a brand called Refi. The product is a gloss highlighter. The ad should be super chill and promote the product. Then I copy the full product description from their website and paste it in so the AI knows what the product looks like and what it does. It gives me a simple, clean ad script. And I copy it back into the prompt window in Arcads. And this is where the fun really begins because now you can start adding emotions. You can do that by clicking the add speech emotion button. It'll process for a second and then automatically add emotions to each line of your script. You can add or remove them however you want. You can even type a slash and then the emotion you want. For example, I'm going to add cheerfully right here. Once you've added your emotions, you're almost ready. The final step before generating is to set up the voice settings for your actors. Most of the voices already match the actors well. But to show you what's possible, I'll change one of them. I'll click here, choose age, young, set the language to English, but you can select from a bunch of different ones, and even choose the accent. For this example, I'll go with American. Now, I can pick from different voice options. I'm going with Sandra. Let's take a listen. >> Hey, you. Welcome to Arcads. I'm one of the natural AI actors you can use for your ads. As you can hear, it sounds super clean. It doesn't have that weird muffled sound that a lot of AI voice generators have. That's one of the reasons I really like using Arcads. Now, I'll edit the settings a little bit. I'm going to increase the speed a bit because I want this ad to sound casual and natural. I'll decrease the stability. That's what makes the voice sound too monotone. If you're targeting an older audience and you want it calmer, you can increase it instead. But for me, I'll keep it lower. Next is similarity. This controls how similar the AI keeps the voice between different generations. If you're making multiple versions of the same ad, maybe changing the hook, lowering similarity helps make each one sound a little different and more natural. So, I'll keep stability and similarity at 0.25. Style exaggeration gives the voice more emotion and personality. So, I'm going to bump this up to around 0.4. For Margaret, I'll keep the speed a bit lower so you can hear the difference. I'll leave stability and similarity the same, and I'll slightly increase style exaggeration to 0.5. Let's take a listen. >> Okay, wait. This Refi gloss highlighter might actually be my favorite thing right now. It's super lightweight, not sticky at all, and just gives that natural glass skin glow. >> It already sounds super realistic and really good. I can't wait to see the final result. I'll go ahead and click this button to generate it once both of our results are generated. Let's take a look. >> Okay, wait. This Refi Gloss Highlighter natural glass skin glow. like it doesn't look like makeup. It just looks like you have really good skin. A little on the cheekbones, a bit on the nose, and done. Effortless. natural glass skin glow. Like, it doesn't look like makeup. It just looks like you have really good skin. A little on the cheekbones, a bit on the nose. and done. Effortless. >> It already looks amazing with the newest model powering Arcad's talking actors feature. The hand gestures match the speech. The lip sync is perfect and the emotions come through clearly. It really does look real. So, this is going to be your base UGC ad. Next, add your B-roll and supporting footage to make it even better. So, it's almost impossible to tell it wasn't filmed by a real creator. The first feature we're going to use to create B-roll is called video. it can do some super impressive stuff and I'll show you that soon. Right now, we're just using it for B-roll. So, the reason B-roll is crucial is because it shows that you're actually promoting a credible brand, which matters a lot if someone watching isn't sure whether they should buy or not. So, here's the plan. I'll click here and make sure the best model is selected. Then, I'll change the length to 8 seconds. And for the prompt, I'll write make an ad-like video of this product, like someone is making a professional ad and showing off how good it is. The product is a gloss highlighter. Then I'll click send and we get back a really cool looking ad. >> The RFI gloss highlighter. A weightless gloss finish that melts into skin for instant luminosity. Natural radiance. Zero stickiness. Refresh your glow. Ref. >> It honestly looks unbelievably real, like an adshot in a professional studio that would normally cost a ton of money. Thanks to the top-of-the-line AI video generators Arcads uses, you can generate this in just a couple of seconds and have it ready to use for your B-roll. I'm just going to take certain parts of it and use them in our ad just to make it feel a lot more professional and add some diversity to the video. And honestly, I want you to stick around for the final result of this ad because it's going to look amazing. The next feature I want to show you is show your app and it's really powerful. This one is perfect if you're promoting software or mobile apps. Basically, by uploading an image of your app, you can then add an actor who presents it on screen. There are a bunch of different actor options right here. I'm going to select this girl for this one and click remix. We're not promoting an app right now, but I'll just use this as an example to show you how it works. So, I'll add my picture and then click send. And this looks really good. All the reflections on the screen make it look super natural, and you can easily use this as B-roll and your foundational UGC ad. It sells the illusion really well because it looks like the actor is actually showing your app or product live on screen. Next, we're using the unboxing POV feature, and it works really well for product shots. It's another great option for B-roll because it adds realism and variety to your ad. From the templates shown, you can find one that fits almost any product. There are outdoor templates, some on a bed, some on a sink, so it really works for anything. Since our product is a skincare product, I'm going to pick the one that's filmed on a sink because that fits perfectly. And when you upload your product image here, it can make a video of someone unboxing it. and this one looks amazing. It looks exactly like a real unboxing video would. The contents look natural and the way it's opened feels just like a real unboxing Tik Tok. Now, the final thing we're going to do is upscale all our footage just to make sure everything is in the best possible quality before we take it into our editor. So, I'll click on upscale, upload all of my footage one by one, and once that's done, I'll bring it into my video editing software. right now. >> It's super lightweight, not sticky at all, and just gives that natural glass skin glow. >> Like, it doesn't look like makeup. It just looks like you have really good skin. >> A little on the cheekbones, a bit on the nose, and done. Effortless. >> I think overall we've created something that looks really good. But there are still a couple of ways to generate ads we haven't looked at yet. One of them is inside videos and it's one of the most powerful tools in Arcads. So, let's check that out next. What makes this feature so powerful is how good of a result you can get from just one prompt. By clicking here and then here, I can choose between a bunch of different generators, and it has all of the best ones. For me, the best one right now is this one. So, I'm going to select it. It adds a few settings you can tweak depending on the generator you choose. I'll set the duration to 12 seconds and the resolution to 1080p. Now I can paste in my prompt. Because I'm using Sora 2 Pro for this, I'll go with a prompt that works well for that model. Yours might look different depending on which one you go with. What makes Sora 2 really good right now is that it actually understands and adapts to a lot of the trends that are currently popular. So I can write something like what's in my bag promoting this product right here. I'll click add reference image, upload my photo, and then press send. Okay, little what's in my bag moment. I always have this guy with me. It's the Rare Beauty gloss in the shimmery pink shade. I love how simple the packaging is and the color is so pretty. It feels really smooth, not sticky at all. Gives that soft gloss without trying too hard. >> And the result is exceptionally good. Everything from how the character looks, which is super realistic, to how the sound works, which is also really impressive. Sora 2 is actually really good at adding background sound, so everything feels way more natural. The way it interprets my prompt and understands that wasn't my back trend makes it just so easy to work with. This is one of the fastest ways to create greatl lookinging UGC style ads. The only drawback compared to the other ways we did it earlier is that this one requires a bit more prompting knowledge and it's a little less customizable. But there's a way around that and that's by using the preset feature. This lets you pick anyone you see here as your starting point. That way, you already know what your actor looks like before generating the video instead of getting random results and only seeing the person after it's done. This is really helpful if you're trying to reach different demographics or you have a certain style you're going for. So, I'm going to select this one right here. I think she fits the best. One thing to note here is that you can't upload your own photos here. This is more for spoken style ads, but you can still customize everything else about the template. I'll paste in my prompt. Click generate. >> Okay, quick what's in my bag moment. I tossed most of the random stuff out, but this stays with me everywhere. It's the Rare Beauty Gloss in Nearly Rose. Look how pretty that shade is. Just a soft pink. And the packaging is super simple and cute. I love how light it feels, and it gives that healthy little shine without being sticky. >> I think it's really cool to have templates like this, especially when you want to see your character clearly before you start generating. You can then adjust everything else according to your idea. The last two features we're going to test out is the animate and replace actor features. By clicking here, you'll see two options. The animate feature animates your character image using a reference video. On the left, you just upload the video you want your image character to follow or use as a reference. The replace feature replaces the current person in the video with your chosen character image. To test both, I'll use the same reference video for each one. I just took one of the ads we generated earlier as my base video. And for the character image, I'll import this picture of Angelina Jolie. Then I'll click generate for the first one. And then do the same thing for the replace feature. Okay, wait. This Refi gloss highlighter might actually be my favorite thing right now. It's super lightweight, not sticky at all, and just gives that natural glass skin glow. Like, it doesn't look like makeup. It skin. A little on the cheekbones, a bit on the nose, and done. Effortless. >> In our first generation, anime works really well and lets the character follow the motion in the reference video. The animation looks natural. The lip sync fits. Everything just works. on the cheekbones, a bit on the nose, >> And replace works really well. It fully swaps the person out and puts our character into the clip. Both of these are really powerful tools. They're a bit more niche in terms of use cases, but I'm sure most of you already have some ideas in mind for how you could use them. So, now you know exactly how to make UGC ads with AI in all of the most powerful ways possible. You now know how you can use the Arcads ad library to generate ads that fit every demographic, create your own actors completely from scratch, and use all of these supporting features like the show your app feature, B-roll, and the unboxing POVs to make your content look insanely real. You've seen that these AI generators can create full ad videos in seconds, faster than you'd ever get a revision back from a human creator. And the best part is you now have full control. You don't have to wait for people to record. You don't have to ship out products. You don't have to chase anyone down or deal with missed deadlines. You can generate a 100 different ad variations in under an hour. Test as many hooks and formats as you want and have every single piece of content ready exactly when you need it. And it's all possible because of our cuts. That's what makes this platform so powerful. It takes the complicated, time-consuming parts of UGC ads and makes them instant. You get speed, flexibility, and complete creative freedom all in one place. If you want to start creating your own UGC ads with AI, just use the Arcads link in the description and you can get started right away. And I'll see you guys in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yourivanhofwegen [8 likes]: Create Ads with Arcads 👉 https://youricreates.com/arcads-course
  2. @tallerdecomic [5 likes]: Gold, like allways man! Thanks!.
  3. @Rmrobiulyt19 [2 likes]: Excellent job
  4. @Englishconversationpractice786 [1 likes]: Best knowledge shared in the video
  5. @staynaturallyshinin: wow cool
  6. @thecursedlanternmusic: Another winner you got here!
  7. @Khang-jk8np: Very good job 👍
  8. @afzalhossain879: Thanks for this good video

- How to Make Great UGC Content | 7 Expert Tips to Making More $$$: Kind: captions Language: en and when I work with a client outside of thesis AKA my freelance business I charge anywhere from five hundred dollars to one thousand dollars for a single ugc video number five I think is going to be a little controversial that's how you're going to be able to really level yourself up in terms of the type of content that you're creating and ultimately what you're getting paid what's up marketers I work at an agency where I Source ugc creators for some of the top brands in d2c and e-commerce for their paid social ads and I have been personally creating ugc content for about the last three years and when I work with a client outside of thesis AKA my freelance business I charge anywhere from five hundred dollars to one thousand dollars for a single ugc video so this is how I get Brands to pay top dollar for my ugc and as someone who sources ugc creators these are the things that I wish all creators would do and frankly I would pay top dollar for it the first thing is to fill multiple engaging hooks so we all know that the most important thing about creating ugc content is the hook how you're actually getting people to stop on your paid social feeds now there are several different tactics that you can use to get people to actually stop on your ad and eventually convert and I have a video that goes into my top five strategies for this some of the hooks that I really like to use are things like reverse Loops Tick Tock Trend Post-It note response Bubbles and also paying attention to things that are really surprising outlandish and just very oddly satisfying I'd say every time that I'm working with a client to develop that ugc I am creating two separate really different hooks that are both really engaging this is my period hack this is Angelica sinensis also known as Nature's ibuprofen this is my period Act this is Angelica sinensis also known as a Nature's ID program the second thing is is to use Golden hour lighting now I actually Google several times a month when golden hour is going to be throughout the day and I actually arranged my entire day so that I can do my ugc shooting during this time of the day the reality is is that lighting is going to affect a lot of what your content ultimately looks like ensure you can buy things like extra lighting or ring light but golden hour lighting is the thing that really does look the best in ugc content one of the biggest factors in me not working with a certain Creator again boils a lot down to the aesthetic and the lighting is a massive part of that and the cool thing is is that golden hour lighting is free so take your stuff outside make sure to sit next to a window when you're doing your ugc content it really does make a world of difference the third thing is to make sure to clean up your backgrounds so this is another thing that's playing into that idea of Aesthetics you have to be aware about things like clutter in the background showing certain types of Machinery in the background and having a certain mess I'd say really one of the biggest complaints that clients ultimately have about certain ugc creators boils down to this idea of the overall aesthetic and one of the things that I can really pinpoint that tends to sway this content is what's going around in the background so oftentimes what I do when I'm filming ugc content is I'll take a few Clips at first and then I'll sit down actually look at the background to make sure that it looks clean and aesthetically pleasing and number four another thing to consider is the background noise so be sure to turn off things like your AC your fans make sure you don't have the dryer or the washing machine going something that I actually struggle with a lot when I'm filming by the window because I live in Brooklyn is the sound of the cars I can actually hear it sometimes in my ugc content which forces me to actually refilm lots of things but ultimately I know that it's worth it because the quality is going to be so much better something to consider too if you're filming certain testimonials or voiceover for your clients is to actually just film a completely separate take where you're using headphones and really the best type of headphones that you can use for that are the ones that are actual earbuds where you have the microphone attached to it so not airpod what's cool is these things are only like 20 bucks but it goes a long way in improving the quality of your voice over testimonials number five I think is going to be a little controversial but I highly encourage ugc creators to do their hair put on makeup get that they feel like their best self with filming content I can tell when a ugc Creator took a whopping 20 minutes to read the brief and didn't actually get ready and then just started filming content and I'm gonna be honest there have been times where I've even filmed content where I didn't do my hair and I didn't put on makeup it's kind of wild to say but the times that I've done my makeup did my hair put on an outfit that I really really liked and ultimately felt my best that content is the content that outperformed the content where I barely brush my hair didn't wear makeup and just didn't really feel so put together on camera I can tell when a ugc creator has taken time to do their makeup do their hair and really look presentable and aesthetic and it does go a long way in the content performance and two the clients tend to really appreciate that I'd say one of the biggest complaints that I get from clients recently is that they didn't like the overall aesthetic of a Creator and a lot of that boils down to just creators not being as presentable on camera and not really looking like their best selves at the end of the day we're still in marketing and we're still trying to sell things and this is a business so you should really take care to put in that extra effort in the way that you look when presenting on camera for this ugc content and number six is to film more transitions now something that my clients really like that I do for them is every time I am making a video for them even if it is just a single video I will also include a folder of transitions that they can use so I am taking the camera and putting it up close to the product moving it far away doing things like that and doing multiple of them and the reason why I do that is because that type of content is really easy to use in edits and in compilations and it is really eye-catching and sort of has this hook factor I often find too that it's super helpful to make that type of transition content so that when I'm making my own edits I can change the frame change of the jump cut and really make it a lot more visually interesting in number seven I think this is going to come as no surprise is you really do have to consider the aesthetic of your ugc content so simple things like purchasing backgrounds purchasing props purchasing plants really do go a long way and developing this type of ugc content again one of the biggest complaints that I have from clients about specific ugc creators is that it's not aesthetic enough or it just doesn't really look that good and yes the barrier to entry in this industry is really low all that you need is a phone but you really do have to consider the way that things look and the way that things can be edited in videos and ultimately clients are going to be happy with content that is more aesthetically pleasing and really does look like you took a lot of time and care to develop the content that's how you're always going to get clients coming back to you another bonus suggestion I have for ugc creators is to make sure that you're always shooting your video in 4k so I have an iPhone and every time I am shooting that content I am actually going ahead and changing it so that I can shoot in 4k really at the highest possible quality yes these files are going to be bigger but it really does go a long way in improving that quality of content also be sure to turn off your HDR because this is affecting how your content shows up in platforms like Adobe or Final Cut Pro so I found that sometimes the color looks really wonky if you have that on so I always just make sure that I turn that off and have my video shot in 4k now sure if you do all of these things that doesn't necessarily mean you're going to be able to start charging 500 to a thousand dollars right away for your ugc content I also want to mention that part of the reason why I'm able to charge this amount of money is because I have a background in Performance Marketing so if a client chooses I can actually go inside of their ad account and look at certain metrics so that I can iterate off of what I know has already been working and what hasn't been working and ultimately this is probably one of the biggest things that I can personally provide to a client it's not just the content I actually do play a very large role in the actual creative strategy and developing the types of scripts and the overall strategic vision of the ad asset that I'm creating for them a lot of times I'm working with creators that can do all the things that I said in this video but I'm still not going to be paying them a thousand dollars for their content because ultimately I'm still creating a lot of debris really the times where I'm charging the most amount of money for the user generated content creating for Brands is when I am doing the entire strategic process so I am coming up when concepting the idea based off of their previous learnings I am writing the script and I am essentially producing the entire ugc asset I've found that a lot of creators haven't quite got to that Point yet and they're still taking a lot of Direction in terms of the script and the overall brief from the brands so the more times that you can bring really great ideas to the brands and the agencies that you guys are working with for your ugc content ultimately what you're getting paid and that's it if you guys have any more questions about ugc content and how to make better agency content be sure to leave me a comment below thanks bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [7 likes]: Want to see my step-by-step guide on how to be a UGC creator in 2023? Watch this video next: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DdSbV_UIJdU
  2. @MarkieTay-j6k [2 likes]: Very helpful!
  3. @tommymoi18 [2 likes]: Thank you! This is the first video and will be my intro to UGC on my personal creator journey!
  4. @talesofkovey [2 likes]: If things are too aesthetic then how they gonna look like user generated? Isn't it typical ad that the brands can do themselves ?
  5. @Kdrama4yoMama [1 likes]: Love your red hair, gorgeous ❤
  6. @SkeleShorts [1 likes]: do you still do this?
  7. @trivandowiley4030 [1 likes]: Your hair fye fye!
  8. @VADACHE [1 likes]: This is all gonna be replaced by Ai generated creators so enjoy your income for now
  9. @MOVIES_MUST_WATCH1997 [1 likes]: Like to see more ugc
  10. @CreativelyCoriUGC [1 likes]: I keep coming back to this video I have found it really helpful thanks for sharing it’s a great video
  11. @mauricioventura1901 [1 likes]: I know this is old but platforms like Instagram compress your 4k footage which can impact clarity and they themselves say to upload 1080P for best viewing experience sooo?
  12. @WTS22Live [1 likes]: how do I find clients to work with?
  13. @velvet478 [1 likes]: This channel is EVERYTHING I’ve been looking for. This is a lot of valuable info. Do you have any courses where it can be in smaller increments?
  14. @HuxleySabrina-u8l [1 likes]: Martinez James Anderson Nancy Perez George
  15. @karlyrecetas [1 likes]: I looove you content! ❤ thanks for the help
  16. @LisaRamos-y4s [1 likes]: Martinez Richard Anderson Deborah Brown Ruth
  17. @amandaferreiradasilva9089 [1 likes]: ❤thank you
  18. @Simplylivingdiary [1 likes]: I have a question , but y would brands contact a newbie when there are already so many famous influencers out there ??
  19. @WilliamBarthalamew: So are we making complete videos and sending clips for the client to edit it how they want?
  20. @GodsWords-i9b: Glad I found you! Just starting and I’m an artist and find a lot of the other UGC do not have the aesthetics and I always thought that was part of the niche however for myself I find it distracting and visually unappealing. Thanks for the confirmation on the other side.

- Become A UGC Content Creator | Make $100,000+/Year | Step By Step Guide: Kind: captions Language: en One simple video like this one can make you tens of thousands of dollars. And anyone at any age with no experience can do this. The only thing that you really need to start this side hustle is just your phone. And if you don't know what UGC stands for, it stands for user generated content. Basically, just filming videos on your iPhone for companies to use as advertisements. The reason that this is becoming such a profitable career is because companies are dying to have authentic content. And for these big companies, it's really hard to connect with their core audience in a non-traditional marketing way. And lucky for you, you can make an unreal amount of money doing this. It honestly might be one of the easiest side hustles or full-time jobs that I've seen in the last 5 years. And I'm going to show you exactly how to start this today. And if you find this guide helpful, please remember to like this video, subscribe. It's completely free and it really helps out my channel. There are two main types of ways to make money as a UGC creator. And the good news is that you can do both of them at the exact same time, essentially doubling your income. The first way that you can make money is becoming a UGC creator for other brands. And the second way that you can make money as a UGC creator is advertising your own products. And if owning your own company sounds a little bit scary, I promise you it's a lot easier than it actually seems. Let's start with version one, which is creating UGC content for other companies. I put together a step-by-step plan where you could essentially execute this today. Step number one is building your portfolio. You need to have a portfolio or a backlog that you can show brands when you're reaching out to them to become a UGC creator for them. And even if you've never worked with another company before and if you've never done UGC content before, it does not matter at all. You can create mockup UGC style of content using any product that you have in your house. For example, just take any product that you have laying around your house and start creating UGC content around it. This can be an unboxing video, a product demo, a lifestyle clip using the product, or just a straight up advertisement. The only thing that you're doing while building up your portfolio is to show these brands what you're capable of and how you actually present yourself on camera. Are you enthusiastic? Do you grab people's attention? That's really the only thing that they're looking for. And the beauty of UGC style content is it doesn't need to be perfect. People are sick of these million-dollar advertisements. You don't have to put on a big production. You don't have to have the perfect lighting. People just want to see authentic type content. In the beginning, I'd recommend putting together five to 15 different types of UGC content, dropping them into a Google Drive or a notion or a Canva. That way, you have this backlog and portfolio that you can send to brands when you're reaching out. Step number two is finding paid brand deals. So, this is the part where you actually get paid to do this. There are a bunch of platforms out there that connect UGC creators with brands. Some of the most popular websites that you can apply to and start putting your content out there would be billow.app, trend.io, io join brands and other places like Fiverr or Upwork. And if you have a decent portfolio and already a little bit of a following, you should also check out the website hashtagpaid. You also don't have to join any of these creator company marketplaces. You can actually just pitch directly to brands. Just find a product or a brand that you love and you want to work with and just go onto their Instagram, DM them, or also email them something like, "Hey brand, I'm a UGC creator and I love your product. I've been using it for a long time. I'd love to make some authentic content for you." I truly think the skills that I possess and the love of your brand will help boost your content and engagement. It just needs to be short, sweet, and to the point. Definitely don't overthink it. Brands get messages like this all of the time, and some of those brands will say yes if they like your personality or the way you presented the product. Moving on to step three. If you did manage to lock down someone and they are interested, you need to set your rates. I know this part can feel a little bit awkward. You don't really know what to ask for, but here's a general rule of thumb. If you are just starting off, I would recommend asking for $50 to $150 per video created for them. Once you have a few clients under your belt, essentially a resume for your UGC career, I would move on to about $150 to $300 per video. And if you're extremely experienced and you have maybe a larger following, then you could do 300 to 800 plus per video. And the package that you could present to them would be one UGC video, three hook variations, and maybe five photos of you with the product. You can also offer them bundle deals if they're really interested. You could give them five pieces of UGC content at a slightly discounted rate. But in the beginning, if it's your first deal, I would recommend going on the lower side of things. That way, you can just build up your portfolio. You have to remember that you're not just filming. You're scripting the video, you're shooting the video, you're editing the video for them, and really just delivering a performance, and there's value in that. Step number four is niching down. This is probably one of the most important things that a lot of people overlook. Yes, user generated content is all about authenticity, but brands are looking to work with creators that actually know their product in their brand, which makes total sense because if you are the core demographic of audience for this product, it's going to show through in your content. And if you don't have a following on social media already, like Tik Tok or Instagram reels, I would highly recommend niching down into something that you actually like doing. So, if you like going out and playing golf, maybe become a golf UGC creator. If you like skincare, do skincare. If you're into wellness, go that route. It's going to come off a lot more authentic if you know what you're talking about and you truly like that product or niche. You'll also get better responses. You'll also get better pay, and generally, you're just going to have more fun creating content in a niche that you actually love. Step number five is going to be optimizing your socials. You don't need a huge following to be a UGC creator. A lot of people get UGC jobs on marketplaces like Billow that don't have any following at all. And that's fine to do, but if you can optimize your socials and become almost a spokesperson for a specific niche, it's going to be a lot easier. You're going to get higher pay as well. And it's going to help build your personal brand. And if you don't want to go this route in creating that online personal brand persona, you still need to be active on social media, be comfortable on camera. They want to see that when they're looking for their next UGC creator. And trust me, brands do check your socials, especially if you're reaching out to them. Step number six would be staying organized. Once you start pitching to companies and start landing your first couple deals, it can be easy to lose track of everything. All you really have to do for this is use a notion or Google sheets and then type in columns like brands that you've pitched to, which brands replied to you, which ones want to work with you, what the pay is, what content, and the quantity of content that you owe them, and also when you're getting paid or can expect that check to come through. Again, you don't have to take this the personal brand route. You can start doing this today on those marketplaces that I mentioned and start to generate some of this income. And obviously it might take a little bit of time to land your first brand deal, but once you get your first one, two, or three, it's really going to start snowballing. Other brands see that you've worked with other brands and they liked your content, so they want to grab you. They'll offer you a higher rate, and it kind of just goes from there. Now, if you really want to maximize your income from being a UGC creator and take this to a full-blown career and you're comfortable building a personal brand on Tik Tok and Instagram reels, then the next way to make a ton of money as a UGC creator might just be for you, which is owning and promoting your own brand. And like I was saying earlier, it's a lot easier than you might think. All you have to do is pick the niche that you want to talk about or you have an interest in. Start building a personal brand around that. Posting videos on Tik Tok and Instagram reels about that niche, why you love doing it. It doesn't always have to be product based. You would essentially just become an influencer in that space. Then from there, once you've built up a personal brand following, it really doesn't have to be a massive amount. If you get to 10,000 followers, that is fantastic. Obviously, the bigger you get, the more loyal your audience is and the more that you can sell to them. But the beauty of Instagram reels and Tik Tok is that you don't need a massive following to go viral. And that's all you really need to do is have those eyeballs on your content. Now, once you have that personal brand following and you pick the niche that you want to be selling in, building your own brand is actually really, really easy nowadays. I'm sure you've heard of Tik Tok shop. And if you haven't, it's just a shoppable area on Tik Tok where you can link products into your videos. People can purchase from you. And then you get to keep all the profit between the revenue that you generated, the Tik Tok fees, and then the product cost. So you don't really have to own your own personal brand. You don't have to create your own product. The majority of your work is just going to be building your personal brand and then also creating that UGC content for your products. So the first thing that you'd want to do is go on Tik Tok shop. So this is only available in certain countries right now. But if you're in the United States, you just type in Tik Tok shop on Google and sign up for your account. Then you're going to land on this backend area which is the seller central. So we've got our shop set up. You've got your orders, your product fulfilled by Tik Tok marketing affiliate, all of these things. The first things that you have to do are obviously set up your business. You have to register your business on Tik Tok, add your tax information so that way you can actually get paid out and then they send the tax forms to the IRS. Set up shipping and add your first product, which I'll talk about in just a second. But then you need to obviously connect your shop to a Tik Tok account. So if you've been building up your personal brand on Tik Tok, you would just have to connect that Tik Tok account to your Tik Tok shop/seller central. Once you connect those two, it's going to allow you to enter a shop area on your Tik Tok account where then your linked products will be on there. And once you start talking about your products and creating your UGC content, you can have a shoppable link on that Tik Tok video where people can directly purchase it right then and there. Now, like I was saying earlier, you don't have to create your own product. You don't have to fulfill that product yourself. It can all be completely done for you. You really just have to pick out the products that you want to advertise and then have a third party ship out that product for you. Therefore, you're really not shipping out or touching the product yourself. It's all done through drop shipping. The best place to do this with a Tik Tok shop integration is Zenrop. So, Zenrop is a third-party software where they do all fulfillment for drop shipping and Tik Tok shop. All you have to do is sign up for a Zenrop account. You can just click on try it for free. You set up your username and password. Then, it's going to land you on the back end of Zenrop here. And so, what you'd want to do as your first step before you even pick out a product is you want to link your Zenrop account to your Tik Tok shop account. So, what you do at the top left, you would have nothing here, but you'd click on add a new store. It'll open up this section where it says, "Hey, let's connect your Shopify store to Zenrop." It's going to ask you if you want to connect to a Shopify account, which you don't actually have to do. You just need a Tik Tok shop account. But if you did want to set up a Shopify store on top of that, the easiest way to do it is letting AI build the store for you. And that is completely free. I'll drop that link in my bio if you want to check that out. But since we're going to be using Tik Tok shop, what we're going to be doing is clicking on choose another platform. And then you're going to click on Tik Tok US. Hit continue. Then you're going to click on I already have a store connect. Then it'll open up another tab which is linked to your Tik Tok shop already. If you've created that account, you're going to authorize and install the Zenrop app into your Tik Tok shop account. And now the two are linked. So now we need to find a product that we want to promote. So you can go back onto Zenrop and then go into the find product section. And if you wanted to do something with beauty tools, let's just type in like a jade roller. There's also filters here where it ships from the US available for Tik Tok. You can kind of mess around with these to find certain products. You can scroll down and find the exact product that you're looking for. And let's say it's just this cheap jade roller right here that you're wanting to promote. You can click on add to my products. Here you can change the product description, the language, the variants that you want to sell, the images that come with your product already. Then you would just click on publish to my store, and then on your Tik Tok shop account under products, you'll see that product uploaded onto your Tik Tok shop account. This is obviously not the same product, but it has to go through a verification process, which takes about 24 hours. And in this section, you can edit anything that you need. So you can change the quantity available, all of the images, the title of the product, the product price. Now, before you actually start selling this product, you do have to add a shipping template as Zenrop fulfillment as the warehouse, which you'll see at the top left of your Zenrop account. So, you need to click on create a shipping template, and this will walk you through step by step how to set this up on Tik Tok shop. It's super easy. Takes like 30 seconds. Once you have those things set up, and your Tik Tok shop is ready to go. You can go back onto your Tik Tok account now and start filming UGC content of that product. And then once you create an advertisement or a video that you want to post in the settings on Tik Tok, there's an area that says add link. And from there, you can click on that product that is synced onto your Tik Tok shop account. And then when you post that video, it'll look something like this. You can see that orange shopping area. And then one of the people viewing your video click on it. You can see the price of the product, the images, and the description that you have, and then the buy button. Now, once you have some sales start rolling in, you can actually see this all on your Tik Tok shop account. It'll say your orders by going into my orders section. It'll show all the ones that came through, the ones that need to be shipped. But the beauty of Zenrop is they'll actually fulfill all of the orders that came in the day before and ship them out the very next day. That way, it is Tik Tok compliant with their shipping policies. Once it's all set up, all you have to do is focus on creating really good content and all the fulfillment is going to be taken care of for you. So, for example, if you posted a video, you sold the Jade Roller for $15 and the product cost to ship it out is5. That means that you get to keep $10 in profit minus the Tik Tok shop seller fees. This route is a fantastic way to make a lot of money very quickly. If you get one, two, three viral videos, you can start seeing tens of thousands of dollars roll in per day. And if owning your own personal brand and managing kind of your own company is not for you, you can obviously still create UGC content for other companies. But if you really want to maximize the income that you can make off of doing this, I would recommend doing both and see which one does better for you. So, that is the easiest way to make money as a UGC creator in 2025. It's a fantastic side hustle. It's really easy to start up and literally anyone can do this as long as you have a phone. I have a bunch of other guides on e-commerce, drop shipping, and everything about making money online on my channel. So, make sure to check those out if you're interested in that or moving into your own Shopify store. I hope this quick guide was helpful for you guys and it gave you a great understanding of how you can start making money today. And if it did help you out and give you some good ideas, please remember to hit the like button, subscribe, and leave a comment down below if you have any questions. Thank you guys so much for watching this video. Let me know how it goes in the comments down below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JanetRedington-Hauser [7 likes]: it is helpful. but why talk so fast.... people don't know what these screens look like that you are maneuvering through and you are going through so fast clicking... i guess our option is to re watch but why?
  2. @Freddie_thai_Tips [4 likes]: Great video I am just thinking of starting out on this career for myself of having a busy many years very refreshing and great news not the same words as everybody else keep coming out with and you give me great direction thank you so much
  3. @agritech802 [3 likes]: What percentage would a ucg creator charge for selling my product and where can I find ucg creators?
  4. @southdetroitentertainment7741 [2 likes]: So, being a normal content creator

How would a normal content creator go about shooting UGC for select companies, without turning off my potential subscribers?
  5. @TiffDan [2 likes]: This was very helpful! Thanks ✨
  6. @RyanLordOfficial [2 likes]: 🔥🔥🔥
  7. @CharlesBreadHunt [2 likes]: super useful tips here
  8. @KennExplores [2 likes]: Huge video dude! Appreciate all the tips! Where would you recommend I set up my portfolio? I'm currently working with 2 brands and have testimonials from them that I want to add to a portfolio page!
  9. @interjuniornet [1 likes]: Thank you so much for this video, very informative and helpful.
  10. @IAMEVIDENCEe [1 likes]: Thank you so much for this video, very informative and helpful to me as a UGC content creator I am going to make use of this video to elevate my career ❤❤
  11. @VanMorganAI [1 likes]: I know that merchant processors loathe, hate, despise dropshippers/ecom. Do you have a solution for merchant processing shut down? This business can’t work without processors. The number of chargebacks for disputes, cancels for late shipping are huge. Can’t consider starting without a solution. Stripe hates dropshippers.
  12. @Jake_Trendz [1 likes]: Check mine too 😢
  13. @falcomicrobladingandperman735 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for this video. Is very helpful
  14. @EmyRoseBejo-m7v: Getting more reviews feels tricky when you don’t know where to start. Praising ai can help gather feedback and share the good stuff easily. It makes your business look trustworthy and brings in more customers naturally.
  15. @positivelybeautifulwithash8431: Amazing
  16. @FurryFriendsZone: What about in Canada I have over 10,000 followers but in Canada what suggestions do you have?
  17. @collabkit: Quick tip: Have a portfolio link since brands skim portfolios in ~30 secs. CollabKit can generate a free optimized one + list you in a creator directory + shows fresh UGC deals. Link in bio!
  18. @luannelulu: This was so helpful and you explained it so well. Thanks so much!
  19. @Stillmind5: Do I need to create new social media accounts for UGC instead of using my personal accounts?
  20. @jasnyl7047: Does anyone know if you can create for your print on demand products you sell on Zazzle? There are no products to sell in the TikTok shop because they are print on demand.

- How To Start UGC Content Creation In 2026 (Beginners Step-By-Step): Kind: captions Language: en now you've probably seen countless videos on YouTube and Tik Tok of people claiming that they make thousands of dollars every single month for brand deals without actually being influencers as wild as this might sound it's a 100% legit and proven business model that you can start today from the comfort of your own home with no followers and most importantly no money upfront and this business model is called ugc now what exactly is ugc ugc officially stands for user generated content which is essentially videos pictures or written reviews created for Brands by normal people typically what happens is that Brands will send you one of their products for 100% free and then on top of that they'll even pay you some money to literally just create some content on that product this gives you the opportunity to work with some of your favorite Brands without needing to be an influencer or have thousands of followers on your social medias and the best part is you don't even necessarily need to show your face all you're going to need to get started is a good portfolio and decent camera skills now because I'm so amazing I've already covered the first step for you so I've created you a 100% free ugc portfolio that actually converts and on top of that I've created a free ugc guide and checklist that will assist you with everything I've mentioned in today's video so you can go ahead and grab that for 100% free it's going to be the first link down in my description trust me when I say this side hustle is going to be an absolute Breeze for you you're probably wondering why would Brands prefer to promote through regular people instead of influencers and that's because more and more brands are catching on to the power of using real people for reviews over influencers because it comes across as more authentic it just feels a lot more relatable to the average customer than seeing an already established L celebrity trying to Showcase these products it's a no-brainer that people find it easier to connect with people that they see similar to themselves so of course if a potential customer sees someone like themselves using a product or recommending it they're more likely to make that purchase because the review feels more genuine so of course the conversion rates are going to be significantly Higher One of the key lessons I learned in my seven years of sales and marketing is that people don't like to be sold to they like to be related to so with this knowledge the next time you're on Tik Tok take a good look at the sponsored post you're going to notice way more subtle sponsorship posts of Regular People recommending products in story times for example rather than the oldfashioned way of influencers literally telling you to go and buy a random product from their PR box that they've been sent so now we've covered everything how do you get started with ugc firstly you'll need to create a portfolio now as I said earlier this is mostly done for you already you just need to go in and add some details about yourself and some videos or pictures of your work now this is a lot easier than it sounds trust me you can really have fun and get creative with it I've given you some solid tips and tricks in the free ugc guide down in the description so you know exactly what to do but in short what you'll want to do is just go around the house and pick up 5 to 10 products that you absolutely love or can't live without then you're going to take a bunch of aesthetic pictures and videos of these products and just add them into your portfolio it's pretty simple you don't have to overthink this step but if you're an absolute perfectionist you can always go back in with cap cut or some other video editing tools to lightly edit the videos and now your portfolio is done so you're officially ready to land your first gig now this is the advice that most people don't tell you because once you finish your portfolio most people will say just go and sign up for these random ugc sites and hope that you can get a gig and while that could work it's definitely not the best option as a complete beginner if you want to make some money fast to be honest with you just like any other side hustle you're going to need to be proactive so you need to be reaching out to Brands directly because you haven't built up your Authority in the ugc space yet no one knows who you are you haven't built up that credibility and you definitely don't have any reviews to your name yet so these are the three ways that you're going to maximize your chances of getting your first gig ASAP firstly it's a no-brainer you will up for a whole bunch of ugc platforms I'm going to add a list of some of the most reliable ones on the screen right now so feel free to screenshot they'll also be in the ugc guide you'll also want to sign up for Fiverr and upw work so these are freelancing sites but the good thing about this is that there is a huge demand for ugc creators on these platforms and you'll also be able to scout through buy requests so you can actively apply for gigs and thirdly you'll want to reach out to all of the brands that you'd really like to work with using the email template in the ugc guide that I gave you the main thing that you really want to focus on at the start of your career in ugc is to start building your reviews and your Authority and of course alongside that will come experience so after each gig you'll just keep getting better and better at creating content in order to start building your credibility I do recommend that you take on some gigs where you might not necessarily get paid a lot of the time when you're just a beginner and you don't have a lot of companies that you've worked with under your belt you will just be offered a free product to review and that's going to be how you get compensated for the content say yes to as many as you can because for one you'll be getting freebies and for two you'll be getting that experience and you can also add to your portfolio all of the brands that you've worked with once you've worked with at least 5 to 10 companies is when you can start asking for payment I personally recommend that you open a stripe or a PayPal account because you can send professional looking invoices on there it definitely looks a little bit dodgy and could be a deal breaker if you try and ask companies to just wire transfer you directly and in fact speaking of payments let's go over some important details before you go off and start closing your deals firstly it's a no-brainer but you want to make sure that you have a contract in place so I suggest that you look over it carefully if you're lazy like me I normally do with my contracts is I'll just put it through chat GPT and ask it to summarize just to make sure that I don't end up with any sneaky little requests that might be overlooked in the fine print if you do feel more comfortable providing your own contract which I definitely recommend after you get some experience you should consider adding things like late fees so for example every week that the payment is delayed by the company they have to pay you an extra 10% of whatever the total was another way to protect yourself is to Watermark your content like this and make it clear to the brand or even just put it in the contract that you will not remove the watermark until the payment is released this gives companies the flexibility of actually rejecting or approving the content that you submit but it also protects you because they can't just run off of the content because it will have a watermark on it a final and very important tip that you want to consider before you get into ugc is the usage rights of your content this basically means whether a company is allowed to use the content that you've created for promotional purposes where they're making money of it in this case I definitely recommend that you charge an extra fee for extended usage right so if these companies decide to go off and run ads to your content or or use the content for a part of their campaign where they're making money you'll also be making money off it too again all of the tips that I've mentioned are going to be in the ugc guide that I've put down in my description so I think I've officially covered everything you need to know to go off and start making money with ugc the main point that I'd like to drive home is that as easy as the side hustle is to start you should aim to stick with it for at least 6 months to a year and really give it a good shot before you decide to quit I feel like I always say this but this goes for absolutely any side hustle because trust me when I say in the pandemic I tried every side Hustle hustle Under the Sun including ugc and while some side hustles definitely paid off faster than others I would definitely say that in just 6 months is where you really start to see the magic happening in your career if you really stick with it like I said ugc is a great opportunity if you don't have much money to invest so when you start seeing those profits I definitely recommend that you reinvest into the side hustle and get yourself some better equipment grab yourself a better camera or a phone specifically just for ugc a little clip on mic a backdrop maybe even a library of non-copyrighted music that you can use in the background of your content that's exactly how you're going to scale the side hustle and see those huge profits and that's all from me if you decide to take the side hustle seriously please let me know down in the comments how it goes I love hearing all of your success stories I wish you the absolute best of luck and I'll catch you in the next one in today's video I'm going to be sharing with you five incredible business ideas that you can start right now with under $100 in your budget these businesses are low investment options with huge returns and they're currently making people just like you thousands of dollars every every single month with less than 4our work days so I've been doing affiliate marketing ever since I lost my job in the pandemic and I've made thousands and thousands of dollars in the past 3 years this side hustle that I tried out has officially replaced my 9 to5 and it's currently making me six figures per year allowing me to live life on my own terms travel whenever I feel like it and put my loved ones in a better position so in today's video I'm going to break down exactly how I did it how you can dmy prove your way to success with this business model m [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Glowithgia [139 likes]: Hey everyone! The guide is 100% FREE using the code GLOWUGC 

Linked here: https://officialglowithgia.gumroad.com/l/UGGguidebookbundle 
💜💜💜
  2. @ezenwegbufavour9812 [1 likes]: Your video first popped and I love every bit of it, so self explanatory and straight forward
  3. @Oma_hanacho [1 likes]: I’m definitely starting to!!
I’m very excited.
I’ll keep you updated with my progress.
  4. @intrepidcoach [1 likes]: You have really helped -thank you!
  5. @amandavillanueva3877 [1 likes]: Do you have a video about whitelisting and how to not get screwed over?
  6. @sniper.zennnn [1 likes]: From tharun Speaks channel✨❤
  7. @IdowuAdeyinka-b8p [1 likes]: Thanks for the guide
  8. @anniewhereyougoo369 [1 likes]: To fast talking 😢
  9. @ShanLouise_ [1 likes]: I've loved creating content for so long (slow growing though) and only just recently heard about ugc I've been doing so much research the past 2 weeks. This is so helpful. This is my goal
  10. @Thefacelessequestriian [1 likes]: What I hate is the brands never reply
  11. @jonidacelaj3821 [1 likes]: This video was very helpful , you said a lot of things in a very short time . And not to mention the positivity and the good vibe you have ❤️ Thank You
  12. @ButobwintoboIshimwereponse [1 likes]: ooo thank you very much for sure i was looking for this guidance
  13. @andreas_adventures [1 likes]: The thing that is confusing to me is that I've always thought of UGC as content for brands to post on their channels but a lot of the random websites you can sign up for want you to post on your channels. How do you avoid posting on your own and just selling to the brand?
  14. @kenzvandee [1 likes]: I am good with hyping up brands etc but im so fricken overwhelmed with all the info for ugc. Ive landed some gigs and now I have major imposter syndrome and also no idea what to charge or how to make a contract. The pressure is already making me want to quit
  15. @kenzvandee [1 likes]: Do you charge them every time they want to use your content for ads? Or can you just sell them the raw footage once
  16. @EmeraldGuess [1 likes]: I put the discount code in, but it keeps saying invalid for some reason. Am I doing something wrong? This video is so amazing!!! Thank you for these tips!
  17. @aminatsimisaye: I really enjoyed and learned a lot from this video. You explained everything in detail.
  18. @puffff89: @glowithgia I have paid for the guide and instead it downloaded a sourdough recipe. Can you please send over the guide or give me my money back?
  19. @EmyRoseBejo-m7v: Sometimes game settings block certain features, which can be frustrating. You might want to check your profile privacy settings with PraisingAI to see if that unlocks access. It usually helps smooth things out so you can enjoy the game without interruptions.
  20. @wilsonamber36: I just tried to order a few things and idk if it ordered. The payment didnt come off so idk if this is still available

- How to Create AI UGC Ads That Get 3.8x ROAS (Full Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en Stop. Look at these video ads that are made for my drop shipping store. >> I thought it was another gimmick, but I finally tried this robot rehab glove for stroke hand recovery, and I used it at home for about 10 or 15 minutes a day. >> Guys, I've been testing the Quad Rhino for 3 weeks now. 24K carbon, antiibration tech, and this sweet spot, massive. >> We pulled hundreds of people and asked, "What's your dream hair look at home?" And we created the perfect tool to make it happen. Now, you might think that these are influencers that have paid $500 to film these video ads. And the thing is, they're not. These AI UGC creators that you just saw in those video ads were made only using artificial intelligence. And the crazy part is these AI video ads are performing better than video ads that I'm running with real humans on my own Facebook accounts. As you guys can see, this is inside of one of the ad accounts. Checkouts initiated, add to carts, website checkouts. And you can see here the most important one, CTR, so the click-through rate. And you can see that we're getting 5%, 2.5%, 2.2%. Look at how good the CTR is for some of these creatives. These are outperforming real content creators. Now, it's not just me that's witnessing these crazy results. There are other brands out there that are crushing it with AI creatives. So, if you're watching this and you run a drop shipping store and you're paying influencers to create content, then that stops today. Now, before we get into the video, guys, there is a like goal for this video and it's only a,000 likes. And when you [music] guys see the amount of value that I'm about to drop in this video, the like goal is more than deserved. Now, make sure you go and destroy the like button because once we hit the like goal, there'll be a present in the pin comment and in the description below. Now, before I show you guys how to create AI content creator step by step, I want to go over the economy of what AI content creators are and why they are so powerful. So, as you guys can see on the screen, this myro board that I've made for you guys is actually insane. Look at how big and in-depth this Myro board is. I am confident to say that there is no one else on YouTube teaching you how to do this in this much detail. I am confident of that. So, for that reason, guys, if you haven't already, smash the like button. Now, I put together this fancy diagram that says why if you don't use AI, you will be left behind in 2026 when it comes to content creation for ads. Now, before AI existed, everything was manual. You needed a physical product in the hand. You needed video editors to do it all for you, and you needed filmmakers to do the content creation. The product testing timeline was one week, and that's at the best point. So for you to get the product to the influencer or to the content creator, it would take around about a week to get it all back to you edited. And again, that's on best case scenario. And this would cause testing limitations when it comes to creators. Now, if you don't already know this, then the new Facebook Andromeda update is all about content creation and creative mass testing. So you can see here testing limitations. Back in the old days before AI, you would die because you'd only be able to test one to three angles and two to five creatives at max. and that's at best. Now, this guy over here would not last in today's economy. Then we move on to the early AI video era where AI videos existed, but they weren't really usable. Mostly robotic voiceovers, bad facial expressions, poor lip syncing, unnatural movement, and skin tones. Tools were expensive and limited and so hard to use as a beginner. Then we move on to AI today and the future. The key part here, guys, is the future. AI ads are nearly indistinguishable from real video ads if you do it correctly. So, I'm going to be showing you how to do it so that they're very hard to tell whether they're real or they're AI. Human faces, natural limp sync, natural movements, and real skin tones and gestures. Now, this is where things get crazy. The way you can now speed test creatives and products because you can massproduce between 50 and 100 creatives very easily with this method. And the truth is, if you don't use AR video ads in 2026, you're going to struggle because of the new Facebook Andromeda update, which is all about speed, volume, and creatives. How many creatives can you get out there every single week? And AI allows you to do that at very good scales. The truth is, guys, you can't compete with AI. You can't compete on the speed, the volume, and the cost. Imagine the cost of getting 50 to 100 creators to make you content. It would cost tens of thousands of dollars and it would take weeks and weeks to manage it. And this is real talk from a drop shipper and an e-commerce brand owner that's been around since 2017. So, I've seen this whole industry change till now. And I know that if I don't adapt with this, then I'm going to die. So, if you're watching this video and you're skeptical about making AI video ads, I'm hoping that this section now allows you to understand that you can't keep pushing this away and not relying on it. And the truth is, these AI models are only getting better and smarter. So eventually the diminishing returns between real humans and AI videos are going to be very small. So guys, before we get into the next part of today's video, I wanted to hit you with a very important message as we're about to go into 2026. I still see it today. Most beginners are still approaching drop shipping and e-commerce all the wrong way. They find a product, they build a Shopify store, they create some ads, and they run them on Facebook or Tik Tok. And they've completely forgot about the most important part of the process, which is understanding who your market is, how you can sell to them, what are their triggers, and how you can relay all of that into your creatives, your store, and your messaging. And that is literally why 99% of drop shippers fail. And this is another reason why I've just relaunched e-commerce mentoring again for the public. So, every single one of you guys can apply to join our one-on-one mentoring. You heard that correctly. Not group mentoring, no video course. This is one-on-one mentoring. [music] And here are the facts, guys. We've been offering mentoring since 2019. So, we've been around longer than most of the guys that you see today. Lot of skill is improve. I I don't know nothing about that. I just thought first like you can just design a store and launch that. That's it. Now I know what is the strategy how you can go deeper and deeper and for the money I make some money from that store too. >> How much did you make if you don't mind me asking so far? How many sales have you got so far? >> I have a like 21 order and around I think 1,500. >> We actually shut it down over a year ago because we thought you guys don't need one-on-one mentoring anymore because the YouTube content, the type of information you can learn today on this channel is more than enough. But I was completely wrong. the amount of people that have reached out since then saying, "I need one-on-one mentoring. I need so much help." And we've reviewed the issues they're having with their stores. This is the reason why we're relaunching it now. Now, the best part is we're relaunching it, but we're making it even better because inside of the mentor, we're actually going to teach you the AI tools and strategies that we're using every single day for our own drop shipping stores. So, you're not only going to be learning how to do drop shipping and e-commerce correctly, but you're going to learn the insiders information, how we're using AI to try and automate most of our stores, which means we're going to remove human error from the process. So within the mentoring, you're going to learn how to find actual winning products based on data, how to find marketing angles, understand the triggers and the audience, creating a Shopify store that converts, then creating the angles in the creatives that work so that when you launch them on Facebook ads, you're going to get good hook rates, you're going to get good click-through rates, and you're going to have higher chances of seeing success. Now, this one-on-one mentoring is a six-week process, and it's intense. It's real one-on-one mentoring. It's no BS fluff like other gurus sell online. So, if you're ready in 2026 to take your drop shipping or e-commerce journey seriously because you're looking for a way to escape, whether it be your 9 to5, get more time back, make more money, then this is the best opportunity for you to learn. Now, the bad news is there's only a few spots available and then we're going to have to close the mentoring down again for the next few months. So, what I'm trying to say to you guys, it's a first come, first service, and it's a very small amount of students that we teach. That way, we can keep our track record very good. So, if you're interested in learning from the best of the best and the best track record in the history when it comes to students, you can apply using the link below. You need to simply fill out the type form, make sure you fill it out correctly and you provide the correct and real information. With that being said, guys, remember you can apply using the link in the description below or you can visit e-encommercementoring.com. With that being said, guys, let's get back into the video. So, just to quickly summarize this guys, I don't want you left over here because if you are, then you're not going to survive. I don't want you over here either. I want you here. I want you guys to now adopt the new level of AI video ad creation. And I'm confident by the end of this video, you're going to know how to do it exactly. I'm not going to be teaching you the basic stuff. I'm going to be showing you all the advanced highle things that the biggest ecom brand owners are doing. Now, let's move on to how to create your customer avatar and script. So, now we're getting into making the AI creatives. Now, the good news is, guys, I can't make this any easier for you to follow because look at this step-by-step guide I've done in this Myro board. It is so easy to literally copy and paste this workflow into your own e-commerce and drop shipping stores. So, this is the product that I'm going to be using. It's the rehabilitation robot glove for the elderly people to help their hands if they have arthritis. So, this is the product. Now, the reason why I chose this product is because it's very hard for AI to get this right. Now, the more advanced and complex the product looks and features, the harder the AI is going to be to recreate it. So, I'm really putting the AI to the test now by giving it this product because look at how hard it would be to try and replicate this product. And the truth is, guys, the harder the product is, the harder the AI's job is. But the good news is I'm still going to show you how good the AI can make the videos. Now, if you've got more simple products, then your AI is going to be the best quality possible. So, this is the product that I'm going to be using throughout the video. Now, let me talk about the only converting ad script that you need to use. It's called PAS. Now, what does this stand for? Problem, agitate, and then solution. Now, why does this work? People don't care about your product at first. Now, they only care about their problem. So the PAS works because it calls out the problem, makes them feel the pain, then presents your product as the relief and the better outcome that they want in their life. And it builds trust and it removes doubt and a clear call to action to guide them. And you can turn attention into action naturally. So it doesn't feel like a forced type of sale or it doesn't feel like you're trying to sell them something. Because the truth is, humans hate it when they're being sold to. It's like when you walk into a shop in the mall and somebody comes up to you trying to bug you and say, "Do you need any help? Do you need any help?" every two seconds. That is frustrating and humans don't like it. And that's why this method works the best. Now, step one to creating our video script is you want to go to Amazon and you want to find a listing on Amazon that has a decent amount of reviews for your product. Now, you might have to keep scrolling till you find some. Now, this one's got the most. It's got 65 reviews. Now, the truth is the more reviews the better. So, for example, this product here has got 10,000 reviews, but it's not the same product as I'm selling. So, the best option I've got here, guys, which is this one here, which has got 65 reviews. So, I'm going to use this one. You need to double check that it's the exact same product. Now, usually anything that's being sold on AliExpress is always being sold on Amazon. You then want to head over to an AI tool called GenSpark. Now, GenSpark is a super agent, and I talk about it all the time, and I use it every single day. I'm not paid or sponsored by Gen Spark. I use this every single day in my businesses because it's a super agent. It can perform tasks that GBT can't perform and in my opinion it's a lot more smarter and powerful and efficient than GBT. So what you're going to want to do is you're going to want to come over here to where it says AI workspace and you're going to want to use what they call the super agent. Now the first thing that you're going to want to do is paste the link of the Amazon link here. Then you're going to want to open up the prompt sheet that I've given you inside the Myro board. So, inside of the Myro board, you're going to see a prompt sheet, which is the customer avatar research. You're going to want to copy all of this, and you're going to want to paste it in just before the link. So, I'm going to put a comma, and then I'm going to put the prompt here. And then you're just going to click send. And then you can see that Jensen box using all of its tools, like it's actually gone to the Amazon listing to read it. It's now researching all the information about the product, and you can see in lifetime what it's doing. So, you can make sure that it's on the right track. And now you can see after a few minutes it's come up with this hyper accurate customer avatar for the stroke and hand rehabilitation device. So you can see it's given out who the age is, what the gender is, what relationship they have, all the buyer behavior has been listed out for me. Now once it's completed that task, you want to move over to the second prompt sheet that I've given you, which is the script prompt. And you're just going to simply copy it and give it back to GenSpark. Now, make sure that Gen Spark complete the task before you send it because if you don't let it complete the task that it's already doing at the start, then the memory won't save and it won't have all the information. So, now genox finished guys. I'm going to put the second prompt in and click send. And now you can see UGC video script stroke hand repilitization device platform Facebook YouTube and Tik Tok duration 40 45 to 60 seconds. So, the script is is highlighting the problem in the first 0 to 8 seconds. So, my husband had a stroke two years ago, and his left hand, it just doesn't work. Like, he couldn't button his own shirt, can't tie his shoes, he needs help with everything. Now, clearly, this script's talking from a wife's point of view for her husband. So, if I don't want that version, I can say I've put talk from a male's perspective with these issues. So, instead of talking for somebody else, it's talking for the person. So, now you can see it says here, I had a stroke when I was 48. Lost all use of my right hand. I couldn't even tie my own shoes. Had to ask my wife for help with everything. I'm not the type to ask for help, but I had no choice. I didn't have therapy, didn't have exercise, but after 6 months of insurance cut me off. Then my daughter found this thing on Amazon. So, this is where it's made a little bit of a mistake. It says it found this thing on Amazon. So, we need to correct this quickly. So, you can see here I've corrected it. I put then my daughter found this thing on Amazon with quotations. It should be from brand name. So, you need to put your brand name here, guys. So, whatever brand name yours is, you just need to put it here. My brand name, guys, is going to be Norohand Rehab. So, I'm just going to send it to that. And now, it's going to remake the script, but for that brand name. Now, you can see here it says, "Then my daughter found this thing called Norohand. It's a hand rehab glove." So, there we go, guys. The script's been fixed. So, before you carry on, double check the script. Now, I fixed that problem. I'm happy with the rest of it, and it's a very powerful, emotional video script that I can use. So now we've got our video script. We can now create the AI avatar that's going to read the script. Now to do this guys, I'm going to be using the tool called Arc Ads. So you can come over to Arcads by using my link in the description and in the pin comment to get the best deal possible. Now I use Arc Ads for all of my AI creatives because it's the easiest platform for beginners to use and you don't need to mess around with any weird settings on your laptop. It's all native on Arcads. Now, once you've signed up to Arcads, you can come over to where it says new project, and then where it says new project, you you can rename this to be whatever you want, but for now, I'm going to put AI avatar. And then once you've done that, guys, you're going to see here talking actors, video image, or see more. You're going to be using the talking actors option. You're then going to come over to the filters and you're going to be using omni 1.5. This is the best model at the moment for this type of AI content creation that we're doing for our video ads. Now for emotion, make sure it's on auto added and then audio is going to be text to speech. So make sure the actor settings look like mine. You're then going to paste your script here. Now the important part is guys, you can't use the whole script for one actor. So we're going to be breaking this up into different sections. So you can see at the bottom you get 400 characters per script. So you need to segment it out by every 400 characters. So, if I read this, I can read the end of the sentence and it makes sense to end this at that section. So, don't just copy and paste different sections into this that don't make sense at the ending. Make sure you round it up so that it makes sense when the actor finishes because if it doesn't make sense, the video is not going to be smooth. Now, although you might be using the same AI avatar, they might be used in different environments in different scenarios. So, that's why we're breaking the script up so that way you can break them into different scenarios. that way the video is more compelling. And then you're going to want to click the add emotion section. So this basically adds emotion to the script for you. So now you can see it's added the emotion for me. So guys, before we carry on editing our AI video ads and our custom AI avatars, I thought I'd bring this important message to you. As we're building these AI video ads, we're going to run them on Facebook ads or Tik Tok ads. And one of the biggest mistakes that I see beginners doing is they're not using email marketing. Now, you're going to be paying all that money on Facebook ads, Tik Tok ads. People are going to come on your website. They're going to check out and they're going to abandon their car. Email marketing is there to protect you from wasting money on ads. And this is where today's sponsor, Omnisend, comes in. Now, Omnisend is the best platform for email marketing, and it's the same platform that I've been using now for the last 2 years for my own brands. And as I'm talking about AI video ads in this video, Omnisend has AI built in to their email marketing platform. They have autobuilt automations for abandoned cart, welcome series, checkout initiated, so you can cover all of those issues where you lose money when you're spending ads. And you can also customize the content within the emails using Omnisense AI. So literally making custom emails has never been easier before. Email marketing has the highest ROI, return on investment from any other marketing platform. Automated emails convert at 32% and upward. So those emails that you can quickly autoell through Omnis converts at 32% and up. 47% of email revenue comes through automation. So not creating fancy emails or campaigns, just strictly through basic automations that you can literally do in a few minutes. Now, the good news with Omnis is you can also do SMS marketing, which is text marketing. And text message marketing is up 22% yearonear. And brands that are using email and SMS are making between two and 3x every year in revenue. Omnisend don't charge you any money until you go past 250 email recipients. So, if you're a brand new brand, you don't have to pay anything. And if you are watching this and you're a brand that's doing good numbers and you're in the DTOC space, then Omnisen using my link in the description below will give you 3 months at 30% off, which you can't get anywhere else, which is insane. Then what you can do guys is you can go over to where it says add actors. You can go over to create actor and then you can go to upload. So you can transform a picture into a talking actor or you can generate an actor based on a reference image or a prompt. Now, the best way to do this, guys, is by opening up another Arcads tab. And then you're going to be going to image. You're going to go to filters. You're going to be using Nana Banana Pro 9 by6. We're going to create an image of our avatar. And then we're going to go to where it says describe image. Now, before we go over to where it says describe image, we need to upload a reference image of the product. Now, this is the best reference image of the product that I can find because it's a simple plain image of the product. It shows a very good angle of what the product looks like. That way, the AI can keep it looking natural. So, what you guys can do is you can download these images. Now, I've downloaded these images from AliExpress. You can download them from either Amazon or AliExpress, whichever ones have the best quality images. Then, I can go back over to the Archads tab. I can upload the reference image now, which is this one here. I'm then going to get a prompt that Jensen Spark's going to make me. Now, what I'm also going to do is I'm going to get this prompt guide made from Google. So, seven tips to get the best from Google Banana Pro. So, I'm going to copy this link. I'm also going to give it to Gen Spark. I'm also going to upload an image of the reference product again. So, the reference products this one. So, I've given Gen Spark this new prompt. I now need you to make a prompt for Google Banana Pro to make an AI avatar wearing my product that I can then turn from an image to a video. Then, I've submitted the prompt guidelines from Google. And then, I've clicked send. So, this is now going to give us a prompt to generate our AI avatar wearing the product. So here's our prompt guys. We've got the reference image and now we can click send. So now Arcads is going to create two variations of our AI avatar as an image. So this is the first image it's made of our potential AI avatar which is an older looking man wearing the glove on a sofa. So this is a very good image. So what I'm going to do is download this image. I can then head back over to the other tab and go to add actors create actor and then I can generate it from a reference image. So, I'm going to upload the reference image. I've now asked Jensen Spark for a define your actor to prompt. So, I can now copy over this. Go back to Archer Ads and paste it in here. Now, you don't have to use a prompt, guys. It's up to you. But now, I can click generate. And I'm going to do it without a prompt. And now, you can see it's literally spat out the same avatar again. So, I'm just going to select the one that I like and click select your avatar. Then, it's going to say what the actor should do. So, what kind of expressions it should have. All of that information we're going to get from Gen Spark again. Now I just take a print screen of that section. Go to browse files, upload the print screen, and then I just put now this. So you can see here we've got our prompt. So we're going to copy this again, go back to Archer Ads, paste it in here, and then click turn into a talking actor. And it's going to tell you how many credits you're going to use. Click I confirm, and then turn into a talking actor. And then it's going to ask you for the voice that you're going to want to use. >> Welcome to our cards. I'm one of the natural AI actors. You can. Hey, you. Welcome to our cat. Hey, you. Welcome to our cat. >> Now, depending on the voiceover you choose, think about the market you're going to be selling it to. Now, these are British voices. So, if I'm targeting the USA, is it a good idea? We probably should stick with an American voice. I like the Victor one. It sounds like an older man and it sounds like it's good for the American market. So, I'm going to click pick voice and then I'm going to click launch lip sync. And just like that, guys, it's going to be training the model. So you can see here up to two hours it's going to train this actor to turn into a talking avatar which is great for us to have. Now sometimes it can be done a lot quicker than this. But if you want a custom avatar the best way to do it is this way. Now if you don't want a custom avatar to be talking majority throughout the video and you're going to be covering up with B-roll, then you can just pick the actor. So if you go back to all actors, change it to male, then you can change it to senior. You can technically use one of these actors. Now, in this instance, just to make things quicker, I'm going to be using this actor right here. So, now I'm going to click add actors. And now you guys can see I've got it here. So, this is an option if you don't want a custom AI avatar to speak over the video and you just want to use a native one that's already made. There's nothing wrong with this method, guys. It's up to you. I showed you both. So, for me, I'm going to use this method just just because I can't wait 2 hours for my custom one to be done. Now, what I can do, guys, is click send. It's going to check my content and now it's going to create that avatar into speaking about my product in those emotions. We've already got our avatar made and ready and it's going to come back to us within around about 3 to 5 minutes. Now, we need to create B-roll to go over the video. So, as the video is going to be made of our AI avatar talking of the product, now obviously this is only one section of the script. So what we need to do is we need to get this to be made again for the rest of the script. So remember guys, only 400 characters were being used in that video. So technically we need to add the second part of the script. Choose the same actor again to pronounce the script or to read the script. And we need to make sure that we have him saying the whole script. And again, the great thing about this is you can change the emotion for every scene. So when you click add emotion, every scene for the 400 characters is going to be different. That way it looks more natural and realistic. So just to show you guys again, I'm going to get my script. So the first part of the script ended here. So now the next part of the script that I'm going to grab is from here. And I'm going to finish it here, guys. So I'm going to copy this part, go back to Arcer Ads, paste it here, copy it from there, and then I'm going to paste it here. And then I'm going to click add emotions. Then I'm click add actors. Then we've got the same actor again >> to arad. >> So now I can click add actor. And then what I can do guys is click send again. So that's the second part of our script done and it's with the new emotion to that part of the script. Then I would finish it off with the last part of the script. And then that's my AI actor done. Now if I really wanted to guys, I could add the script in again, add actors and choose a different actor. I could choose a doctor. I could choose somebody else. But for this one to look more realistic, I'm sticking with the same actor throughout the video. Now we've got that bit out of the way. We now need to create the B-roll that's going over the top of the actor speaking. So the actual visuals they're going to be seeing throughout the video. Now the B-roll is actually, in my opinion, more important because that's going to express everything more dramatically. You're now going to want to open up the second tab from Arcads where we're making our images. And you're going to want to go back to image again. Make sure it's on Nana Banana Pro 9 by6. You're going to want to upload a reference image. Now, this reference image will be a cutout from the video of your avatar. So, as you guys can see here, I took a print screen of when my AI avatar was talking because we're going to be using this as a reference image to create another image of him. And then we're going to turn that image into a video. I know this is a little bit long-winded, but if you want the best results, this is how to do it. We're then going to go back to Arcer Ads. We're going to upload the reference image which is of our screenshot of our avatar from the video. Then you want to go back to Gen Spark and say this is my script. Make sure you send it your script again, the new revised one after you checked it. And then at the end you're going to put I need you to make me some image B-roll clips using Google Banana to make B-roll images and prompts. Now once you send it that it's going to give you a prompt list to give to the new images that we're going to be making with Arcads. So here guys, I'm going to paste my prompt. And then what I'm going to do is click send. So you can see here as well guys, these are the prompts that it's made. It's given me loads of different prompts for the video. And because you've given it the full script, it knows what prompts to make for which part of the video. I'd recommend that you read these prompts and just make sure you're happy with the B-roll. Do you think it's going to help portray the product? Show off the emotions, show off the exaggeration of why they need your product. So don't just copy and paste. Make sure you read it and you're happy with the quality of the prompt. Now, some good news, guys, is whilst I'm waiting for these images to be made, we've got the first actors part of the script being done. So, if I show it to you here, guys, you can see it. >> If you've had a stroke and your hand just feels dead or it's stuck in this tight fist you can't open. That was me. I tried the stress balls, the little hand exercises, pulling my fingers open with my good hand. >> See, that looks really, really good. Now, when you download it, it's way better resolution here. They downscale the resolution. When you export it, it'll look a lot better. Now, the good news is, guys, we're going to download this clip. And don't worry about the bits that don't look great. We're going to put B-roll on top to cover it up and make it look more exaggerated. I can then go over to Gen Spark, guys. Now, we're going to be using Gen Spark again to make the image to video. So, we're turning these images into the videos for the B-roll. Now, the reason why we had to make them as an image first is because we want to keep the same actor. We don't want to change the actor in the B-roll. So, if we go straight to video, it will change the actor because AI is not smart enough yet to keep the same actor without you using a reference image. So, what we're going to do is go back to Genparot, click new. We're going to go over to where it says AI video. We're then going to use Gemini VO3.1 reference. We're then going to use HD mode. We're going to change the B-roll from 3 to 5 seconds to 5 to 10 seconds, then by 9 by 16, then image to video. So, we're going to upload the image that we just saved. We're then going to paste the prompt here, and then we're going to click send. Now, because the AI has the reference image, it's not going to change the actor. The B-roll will still be the actor, but now doing something else that we want it to do to exaggerate parts of the video. Now, this is the second image that Archads made me. So, I'm going to download this image. Now, if you've not been using Gen Spark in this video to do anything, an alternative to Gen Spark to turn it from image to video is free pick. So, if you want to use an option where you've not been using Gen Spark as an option in the video and you've already paid for it, then a good alternative is free pick. Again, you're going to come over to video generator, Google VO 3.1. You're then going to paste a prompt here. You're going to change the resolution to 1080p 9 by6. sound you can keep on and the duration I'd keep it at 6 seconds and then you can upload your reference image and then you can click use image and then you can click generate but if you're already paying for Gen Spark you might as well just keep using them for the image to video option so guys here's an example of the outcome that we got from the image to video using Gen Spark or Freepick. So this is the first clip. So, you see how it's kept the same actor, but it's exaggerated his emotions and his experience. We're going to be using that as the B-roll. And essentially, what you guys need to do is you just need to do the same image to video prompts for all of the clips. So, if you've got like 14 different or 15 different or 10 different image to videos, you're going to have to do all of them. Yes, it can take a little bit of time, but as long as you go to free pick and you do all of these, you can do them very quickly because you can just quickly add them all in one after one and just wait for them to process. It could take around about 10 minutes, but at least you're not waiting a long time. Here's another B-roll clip that I got of the guy's hands being squeezed on the couch. We're going to be using that a little bit throughout the edited video. So, I can download this one. Now, essentially, once you've got all of your image to videos done and you've downloaded them and you've got all of your AI avatar scripts, in terms of the AI avatar reading your script, it's going to be between either two or three videos or maybe four. Once you've downloaded all of that content, we can now edit it and put it all together so it looks like an actual ad. And by making sure that you follow all of those procedures, guys, you'll have an AI avatar reading your custom prompt script that's there designed to convert because it's using the strategy that converts on ads. You're then going to have B-roll clips sustaining the same character, but exaggerating their emotions and using the product in different environments. And then we can now edit it and put it together so that it looks like a realistic AI avatar that is literally as close to a human as we can get. Now to do this guys, I'm using a software called Cap Cut. It's by far the best video editing software for beginners to use. So go ahead and use Cap Cut. Click create new. Use 19 by6. And then the first thing that we're going to want to do guys is dump all of our media in here. So click upload, upload file. So just to quickly show you guys how this is going to work. I've uploaded four clips here. Now, you're going to have way more than four clips. You're going to have the clips from the AI avatar speaking and then all of your B-roll clips. I've only added one clip of the avatar speaking and then just three B-roll clips. So, I'm going to drag the first one into the timeline. Now, just to make sure this is correct, we're going to play it. just feels dead. >> Now, the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to click fill screen. So, just click that and you'll see a slight adjustment. Now that way it's filling the screen >> or it's stuck in this tight fist you can't open. That was me. I tried the stress balls, the little hand exercises, pulling my fingers open with my good if you've had a stroke and your hand just feels dead. So yeah, that is the right clip, guys. So now we can start adding our B-roll in. So this is the first B-roll that I want, which is here. So I'm going to drag it on top. I'm going to listen very carefully to what he's saying so I know the placement is right. If you've had a stroke. >> So, if you had a stroke, >> if you >> So, I need to place it there. Now, I need to make sure that this B-roll clip is muted because if it's not muted, it's going to look stupid. So, mute this one. If you've had a stroke and your hand just feels dead or it's stuck. If you've had a >> So, he's too happy there. So, I need to cut this clip slightly to where he looks really miserable. There. That's perfect. >> If you've had >> So, here we go. >> Hand feels dead. So, I'm going to get the clip of the hand being dead. So, we're going to drag this into the timeline. >> Stuck in this tight. If you've had a stroke and your hand just feels dead or it's stuck in this tight just feels dead or >> So, here we go. I'm going to mute this clip. tight fist you can't open. >> See, there we go, guys. See how these B-roll clips are coming together nicely. So, I'm going to replay that again. If you've had a stroke and your hand just feels dead or it's stuck in this tight fist you can't open. >> See that guys? We're 6 seconds in. But the B-roll complements what he's saying. And now what we can do is we can click on the AR avatar, click captions. We can click the main clip here and we can click captions and we can click auto captions and generate. That way we're going to have captions in the video. Now we can click on presets. And I like to use either the black one or the yellow. So, yellow for this video is probably better because it's more of an alerted video. So, I'm going to be using the yellow and black text. Then, I'm going to make the text bold. And then I can change the font style. tight. >> So, now we've got captions, guys, as well. >> If you've had a stroke, >> and you can make these captions look a lot nicer in your own time. What we can also do is click on this clip and click smart tools. So, you can click retouch. So, this way you can retouch his skin tones. So there's loads of really good features within Cap Cut that we can use. So if we click on the main clip, you got something called smart tools. So if you come over to smart tools, you've got auto refframe, so that way it stays in the frame. You got retouch if you want to make him look more natural. So retouch is really good if you want to enhance skin tones. So if you feel like the skin tones aren't realistic, you can use this and it will make it look realistic. You can also use relight. If you feel like the lighting is really bad in the video, that will fix it. So, these smart AI tools will enhance the AI avatar, the actual one reading from the script if you want to make it look more professional. Now, what you need to do, guys, is you need to add all of the B-roll and the AI avatar scripts in, fill up the whole timeline, and just position the B-roll to be correctly within the video. Now, the good news is when you're adding all this into the timeline, you're going to see very obviously if you have the correct B-roll for the video. So, you're going to watch this and be like, "Oh, is the B-roll right for my video, or have I missed something out?" And if you've missed some B-roll out, guess what? This is the perfect way to know what to add in. So, if you feel like, "Oh, this B-roll was missed. I can go back to the image to video or go and get another image to then turn into a B-roll clip, but you now know visually as you're watching this, oh, I missed this out and I need to go and fix it." So, by adding all the clips into Cap Cut, it's going to make your life easier knowing whether you've missed something out or you haven't. Now, I will also leave a link in the description to a video where I teach you how to edit these videos professionally so you can make them look really cool. There's other content creators out there that have made amazing videos on how to edit Cap Cut videos so they look amazing and they look super realistic. But let me show you my final result. So, here's the final edit, guys. And remember, this is in 480p. For some reason, when I'm previewing, it's in 480p. But check it out. tight fist you can't open, that was me. with my good hand, and honestly, nothing really changed. It was just stiff and frustrating, and I felt trapped because I couldn't do basic stuff. I kept seeing these rehab gloves online, and I didn't trust it at first. I thought it was another gimmick, but I finally tried this robot rehab glove for stroke hand recovery, and I used it at home for about 10 or 15 minutes a day. It wasn't some instant miracle, but I noticed my hand felt less tight, my fingers weren't as stiff, and I could move them without it hurting as much. And that alone was huge because when your hand is tight all day, it wears you down mentally. You're constantly fighting your own body. Now it feels like I'm actually doing something again instead of just waiting and hoping. I'm working on now. Although this clip's not perfect. It's just me quickly editing it. And I used a variation of cap cut filters, transitions again, getting extra B-roll made from image to video or just making it a video in general. But that's an idea of what you can get. And obviously the more time you put in, the more you learn these skills, the better the outcome is going to be. But with that being said, guys, that's how you can create realistic AI avatars for your drop shipping or e-commerce stores for whatever product that you're selling. Do bear in mind, it does take a little bit of time to learn and it does take some time to learn how to do image to video, the scripts, and using these platforms that once you learn it all, it becomes a lot quicker and more efficient. And remember, AI is only going to get better and better from here, guys. So, it will be a lot faster and easier in the future.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AskinDurmaz [16 likes]: Guys, never thought Id be thankful to my old man - he told me to open positions on mevolaxy for diversification. After market crash I can feel calm, actually :)
  2. @THEECOMKING [6 likes]: Like goal fam is 1000 likes, comment below if you’ve liked the video 👇

Miro board and cheat sheet here  👉  https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVGVe2g3o=/

Apply For My 1.1 Mentoring Limited Spots Left! https://e-commercementoring.com/

The best AI tool for making Image & video creatives for ads: https://arcads.ai/?via=ecomking

Omnisend Best Email Marketing App For Shopify - GET 30% OFF 3 MONTHS:  https://your.omnisend.com/EcomKing
  3. @Earthing-r2y [1 likes]: but i m not paying for anything
  4. @raygamma1831 [1 likes]: Can the same result be achieved with sora and kling I have subscription with higgsfield and Kling, these UGC apps are mad pricey
  5. @Mehtab-b2d [1 likes]: REALLY USEFUL VIDEO, THANKS.
where is the link to the video where you teach how to edit the videos?
You said  it was in the description but it isn't there
  6. @PawCud [1 likes]: Myro board for prompt. It need permission to access it
  7. @MetalOverlord01 [1 likes]: Cool video Kamil but how can we have access to the Miro board ?
  8. @nilc8497: the video is nice but using all paid tools isn't the best thing for entrepeneurs that are starting off. You can't even make two inputs on Genspark before your credits run out and you must get a $25/mo subscription
  9. @camirowe6139: I tried to apply for your mentoring, says I am not a fit 😢
  10. @muhammethakangunes1031: What is the price of 1to1 mentor program? Could u pls inform. I wanna participate the program..
  11. @therisingpharaoh5409: I have been watching u for years I got my knowledge about Dropshipping from you I live in Egypt and I want to start a store and start testing can you tell me what budget would be regarding the the costs of the LLC
  12. @Amyily-l2j: We are building a next-generation platform that allows Shopify sellers to seamlessly connect and collaborate with suppliers through AI matching technology. Your vision aligns with ours, and we hope to discuss and collaborate with you.
  13. @Amyily-l2j: Been following your channel for a while – every video is packed with value. We're looking to partner with outstanding creators, and your audience feels like a perfect fit. Hope we can have a chat sometime!
  14. @dejanjokovic8658: Dude, every single time you post something new, it’s just another paid promo disguised as 'free advice.' Arcads, Skopiq, Teemdrop, Shopify — all your links, all overpriced. It’s pure garbage. We don’t need another guru pushing affiliate links  we need real  affordable options for beginners who actually want to test and learn. Stop monetizing every damn sentence and pretending it’s value.
  15. @tojulori3976: Doesnt Tiktok now detect AI vids and limit their distribution on the platform somewhat??
  16. @JT-ex3vq: We're living in the craziest times. If u deep it u can literally build the infrastructures for a unicorn company in a literal day. Mwad!
  17. @quintenverdegem2163: we need permission to acces the miro
  18. @mysterious_flight_cases: Bro could u buy me a pc man its really on its last stages
  19. @Faizan-0007: aslamualikum brother, arcads subscription is a bit out of my buget..is running image ads for toys category good idea according to you?
  20. @allyback204: Bro, you look like AI. Did you use AI to make this video? Be honest please :) You look good, btw. Allahumma Barik

- 10 Facebook Ad Hooks That Will SCALE in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en today I'll be giving you my top 10 Facebook ad hooks that's a lot of sale Brands to seven figures off some Brands to a couple $100,000 a month all of these are hooks that we use when we're writing Facebook ad creatives that we need to use to scale these ads inside of client accounts so let's get started now I'm actually pulling this from my ebook which is the art of creating ads. scale uh you can get yours by going to ads. scaleb book.com come it's 99 pages and literally it will take you step by step of what you need to do to write Facebook ads at scale it does not show you how to run Facebook ads but specifically what you need to say in the ad creative to create ads that scale but I'm going to pull the top 10 hit patterns from it that we use to scale starting off with the first one which is measure the size of the claim this specifically works well with like bizop opportunities anything that like you know there's a measurable res result is really big so you know let's say weight loss weight loss you can't say time and size but you can say size or you can say time so for example here's one make an extra $10,000 a month with Facebook ads using this little known technique or our secret Facebook ad creative that's scaled to over $100,000 a month in Revenue how to double the glow of your skin overnight with this one little thing so measure the size of this claim and then sometimes depending on the product it can be even extra powerful with the measure the speed of the claim and this is going into number two right here measure the speed of the claim which is how to double your Facebook ads budget overnight overnight being the speed how fast someone's going to get a result you know you're going to get the top 10 highest converting Facebook ads in the next 60 seconds if I was doing like a organic like little reel want to post that on Instagram for example oh how to achieve glowing skin overnight how to you know the new XC does a 0 to 60 in 3.2 seconds right there so we're the speed is where we're really focusing on right there now if none of that's working for you then you have number three which is using Authority in the claim now Authority I look I like to look at Authority from two perspectives the the traditional perspective is people looking at it from oh hey a doctor lawyer police officer but I also like to look at Authority from just someone who's already done something that we're trying to achieve so like let's say for example we're selling products specifically for new moms uh let's just say for example sometime something to do with like nursing like breastfeeding and something like that then we could do something where it's like an authority figure could be a mom who's already nursed a few different kids hey as a mom 3 breastfeeding was always a challenge but here's the little known thing I wish I had when you know I was had my first kid for example so an authority can obviously be like a high level person that a traditional perspective but it can also just be someone with a lot of experience in something and I think a lot of people you know just hope I miss that right there immediately think they need this high level person like a lawyer doctor or something like that it could also be like you know hey as uh a married couple of 20 years here's our secret to staying in a long-term healthy marriage that's an authority right there cuz we're we're showcasing hey we have 20 years of marriage experience we know versus hey as the person that just left I don't know some celebrity dating show Who quote unquote has Authority now you know boom so that's a great example right there here's just a hook example for y'all I spent $10 million on Facebook ads here's the number one way to scale Facebook ads so easy way right there next one is before and after before em motion baiting I'll suck at one ex row ass now I regularly do 3x row ass emotion baiting is one of my new strategies that I leverage with Facebook ads and stuff ter mostly focusing on the creative aspect which is what you say what you do for like different desires problems and things like that but just really calling out the fact that hey before this thing I was this and now I'm this right there you know again there is some cases this a little difficult to use but I think before and after can also be focusing on the emotional aspect like if we're going to look up weight loss maybe instead of focusing on hey before I was 100 lb or before I was 200 lb now I'm 100 lb maybe we can also Focus for more of an emotional aspect before X weight program I lacked confidence every time I went outside and went in public now I can go out there confidently I can go out there feeling free I feel like I have freedom now that I never had before my life after using this program so we can also focus on the physical before and after but we can also focus on the emotional before and after which is really powerful right there now the next one compare the claim to its rival emotion meing sells Facebook as three times faster than traditional Stelling methods we're just basically looking at here from proving superiority perspective so emotion meeting again just one of my like unique mechanisms in this particular uh scenario and what we can look at is what are other things that are on the marketplace and and how ours is better we had this one particular client who literally had just a better tasting product and we literally just said like hey ours actually tastes like coffee we have the first coffee alternative that actually tastes like coffee everyone else's coffee alternative tasted like trash compared to ours but we didn't say theirs tasted like trash we did not say that because one of the quickest ways to lose trust with your customers your future customers is talk negatively about other people you don't want to talk negatively about other people you just want to highlight your benefits so like I said ours the first coffee alternative that actually tastes like coffee we don't talk bad about people we don't say others taste like trash we just really emphasizing that ours actually tastes like coffee because we've seen a ton of negative reviews about our competitors and our competitors are basically people being like hey this this product sucks tastes like trash so that's all we want to focus on right there that's how we can beat people ethically and then also beat people from a perspective that's not going to you know lose trust of like our fan base and stuff like that next one is remove limitations from the claim so this is actually one right here that I really like because yes how to win Facebook ads even if you have no experience this just removes that limitation of like hey you don't really need much experience with Facebook ads but another one could also be monetary perspective how to win with Facebook ads for less than $100 a day or for less than $100 you can also call it out from a monetary perspective too as well next one is State the claim as a question very simple who else wants to make more money with Facebook ads you know who else wants to scale their Facebook ads in 2025 I know I do who else wants to very easy one offer information the claim this is where you just simply this will work really well for like your unaware markets and like you know some of your problem Weare markets right here which is like you're offering a h 2 specifically pretty easy just literally just kind of hitting in the fact that you're going to gain something from it next one going to stress the newness of the claim so this is where kind of give me what talk about the coffee alternative the world's first coffee alternative we can do the same thing here from a newness perspective new Facebook ad strategy world's first Facebook ad strategy that doubles budged overnight every night like if I me in a video like that that would crush but again from an Ethics perspective couldn't do that stress the exclusiveness of the claim so this one really just the only Facebook ad strategy that actually gets results you're really just going to hit anyone the only and just kind of making it seem like this an exclusive only thing that goes for it no that is tin that is tin Facebook ad books that will scale in 2025 based off experience based off tons of case studies and success stories and stuff like that Facebook ads but I'm going give you all three extra ones as well just because why not so the next one is challenge your prospects beliefs I thought Facebook ads was a scam until I saw this so this is where you're really going and you're looking at the objections in your Marketplace really related to your product and you're going to see this specifically if you look at the comments in your ads you you might see some objections you might even have people emailing you related to it of like hey like you know this is a scam or hey like I just you know some type of objection towards your product right and all you want to Simply do is you want to call that out I think a lot of people like they try to they try to like take an objection and they try to like just pray to God that you know their customer doesn't ask that question or have that objection for me I want to address the objection before the customer even brings it to the table because then if I address it before it even comes to me guess what now it just it won't come it's already we already loaded that information in so hey I thought Facebook was a scam until I saw this and then boom we can do a little ugc script around that now next one is call out a solution or product they're currently using so this is where it's like you're currently using strategy let's just say for example you use and I use CBO so hey if you're you know don't spend another dollar on until you watch this so don't use another campaign with Facebook if you want to scale until you watch this and then from there I can call the fact hey you're using here's the problem with it now here's the right way if you want to really scale which you need a leverage right there so really powerful hook I really like this for more sophisticated marketplaces but specifically more sophisticated marketplaces and also qu unaware so like hey like you know if you're using and it's working well for you and all that then cool you're probably unaware to the fact that it could potentially be actually hurting you more than helping you so I could actually call out don't spend another dollar on Facebook ads or on AO until you watch this you're like whoa what is this what what about and then you watch that video then I make you and persuade you to watch CBO or do CBO and then lastly another very sophisticated hook meaning they've tried a cou quite a few other things to get a particular result with failure is to the person who's tried every Facebook ad strategy with no success I'm calling out the fact that you tried a lot of things I'm calling out the fact that you haven't had success and now all I'm simply doing is introducing something new here I'm giving you new hope you still have that desire to scale you just quite haven't found the right thing for you and I'm simply calling that out and I'm simply giving you that new opportunity but I'm I'm calling you out specifically from there so really powerful right there very good for sophisticated marketplaces and uh yeah that's 13 hooks no promise sh 10 gave you all three extra overd deliver for 2025 thank you so much for watching hit the like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday and uh if you want me to run your Facebook ads click the link below to have terer run your Facebook ads you want me to Mentor you where you know I walk you through step by step of how to apply all this to your business then cck below to have Nick ter mids for you thank you all so much for watching have a rest of you all day peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @jsannnn [2 likes]: Hi Nick, could you make a video on how we can see full breakdown to see winning variations with flexible ads?
  2. @Maverick-3D [2 likes]: Nick is it true that Facebook inaccurate data issues are only in countries where there is somewhat a balanced ratio of iPhone: Android users? 

Because iOS affects Facebook data tracking not android
  3. @neil_ecom [1 likes]: Very useful 🙏
  4. @djxete1987 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video mate. Can they be used as the main text overlay for static ads too or only for video hooks? Thanks!
  5. @brezdy [1 likes]: Hey, could you make a video about bans and how to make your account more stable? I'm in an agency, but blocks still happen sometimes.
  6. @hidde7138 [1 likes]: Hi Nick! I’ve been running only static ads, but now I have my UGC batches. Do I need to make a different campagne for video ads? Or can I put them with the statics?

Thanks
  7. @franciskrajewski4143 [1 likes]: I understand the text hook and visual hook - but what about the audio hook? Should that be EXACTLY the same as the text hook?
  8. @AznOtakuGamer [1 likes]: Hey Nick, I’m pushing out 5 new ads a day and running $100/day budget but low conversions so I don’t want to scale the budget. How long would you wait to turn off an ad?

Thanks in advance and thanks for all that you do 😎
  9. @user-rh2zg5dm3z [1 likes]: hi, nick can you share the link of the word document?
  10. @emcrumpp [1 likes]: Hey Nick, we have a campaign at $60 daily budget with 2 active ad sets. We want to launch another ad set to test a new creative. Is there a limit of how many active ad sets you should have at this budget? Will having too many active ad sets at a low budget break the campaign? Thanks
  11. @TheMangoFactory-g7f [1 likes]: nick comparing to video ads statics are working for us, shall we do more statics ? or try new videos ?
  12. @entertech7293 [1 likes]: Nick i have 2 winning ad, whether still i need to test 2-3 new creatives every week ? or iterate the winning one ?
  13. @NickTheriot: 📚 Nick’s E-Book: https://adsthatscalebook.com/
  14. @RainKooser: Hey Nick do you still take winning videos and add to winners adset? I have ~15 adsets and each has 3 videos inside
  15. @Killionaire-wy3mj: Man love your videos , I have one concern I have been dropshipping for 2 years I used to fake review or import reviews from Ali express or Amazon but recently I have been having this feeling I am doing wrong and I will be punished for it like death,lk it sounds insane but just need some perspective. Like everyone does it in the space
  16. @gottlichweiblich: Nice video.

- Facebook Ad Hooks That ACTUALLY Get People To Click [+Examples]: Kind: captions Language: en what's up guys mike here and today i'm gonna be showing you my six favorite ways to write a facebook ad hook the hook of your ad is arguably the most important part because that's what everyone will see right everyone will see that first line of text but if your hope's not good it doesn't matter how good the rest of your copy is you can write the best copy in the world if you have a terrible look no one is going to read it so i'm going to be showing you six different hooks that you can use in your facebook ads stick around to the end because the last one is my favorite book to use in any facebook ad let's kick it off so the first type of hook that i like to use i call it the speak their lingo book now with this hook you want to incorporate the language that your target audience uses right you want to put something in that first line that clearly shows to your audience that you are talking right to them we are speaking their same language let me show you a couple of examples all right so this ad starts off with two dollars per lead sixty dollars to acquire a sale 599 per purchase 170 purchasers so this ad is clearly speaking to someone who is in this online marketing world someone in this world of sales funnels who understands what a cost per lead is cost per acquisition cost per sale so someone in that market who's scrolling through on facebook they see this first line is two dollars per lead and they immediately know what that is this is probably something that they don't often see on facebook right facebook they're probably flooded with you know images of their friends and family and then they see this first line two dollars for me and they know that this ad is talking right to them right they completely understand this language this is language that they are totally used to they use it in their everyday vocabulary if they're in this world this is a great way to start off your ads by just speaking the language of your target audience here's another example so this next one starts off ads on god mode everyone obsesses over campaign types and bid strategies cbos micro sequential retargeting campaign structure so if i'm scrolling through my news feed and i see an ad that starts off with ads on god mode i'm only going to read this ad if i'm actually in this marketing world right if i understand you know what ads on god mode like what that even means i understand what cbo's are micro sequential it's retargeting basically what he's doing in this is he saying like hey i am in this marketing world i am doing i'm running ads i'm doing you know cbo's micro sequential targeting he's just showing that hey i have knowledge and you and i speak the same language just building that connection off that so that was the first type of hook the speaker lingo hook i love using that one it's a good way just to connect with your audience right off the bat just by showing them hey we speak the same language we're talking the same thing it's a great way to get their attention and get them to read that body of text so the next type of is the call them out hook and it's just as it sounds right we are going to just call out our target audience let me show you some examples of this one all right so this ad starts off attention adventurers travelers and wanderlusters they're super straightforward they're just saying who they're talking to right they're calling them out they have double stars attention adventurers travelers wanderbusters so if that's not you keep scrolling if that's you hey this is for you i am talking right to you it's a good hook to use it just gets right to the point hey this is who i'm talking to if this is you keep on reading so there's another way to do this too i'm not a huge fan of just saying you know hey attention or hey so and so i'm just writing them out i think there's other you know discrete ways we do this a little bit more clever ways to do this let me show you another example all right so this is another ad that uses the call them out hook however i think they do it in a little bit more creative way i really enjoy the way that they do this so it starts off many college grads still don't know who they want to be when they grow up so clearly this ad is talking to college grads who don't know what they want to be when they grow up right someone just graduated college and they're so unsure of their career path what they're doing with their job but instead of just saying attention college grads who have no idea what they want to do with their life they kind of leave this into a you know like a third person narrative a different way to get that same idea across and if you're a college grad who doesn't know what they want to do with their life this kind of gets your attention in the same way as just straight up calling attention college grads who don't know what they be what they want to be when they grow up same same idea just a different delivery so i really like this now one thing about the call them out clock is you want to be very careful that you're not breaking facebook's personal attributes policy i'll put a link down to that in the description but just be aware that there are some things that you can and some things that you cannot do in regards to calling out your target audience all right now the third type of book i absolutely love this one and i think you should even use this not just for a hulk but throughout your copy and that is incorporating open loops all right another way to think about this is starting a story right opening up an idea that has your reader wanting to close that idea kind of like how a story would start and once the story starts no it's our nature to kind of want to figure out well how does this end you can think of it similar to a good movie right a good movie that has you on the edge of your seat and they're they're doing these things they're showing these scenes and you want to know what happens next or you can kind of think of it like a netflix series right you notice how the end of each episode always kind of ends on like a cliffhanger and it's supposed to get you to want to watch that next one that's something that we want to incorporate in our ads right we want to put this first line of text and we want that to open a loop in our reader's mind and we want to get them to continue reading to want to close that so let me show you a few examples of how this is done all right so this ad starts off picture this so that in itself right there is an open loop right just that one line picture this and it kind of leads you into these next few lines a guy walks into carl's coffee shop he sees a sign on the table scan here for free coffee right so in this ad they're kind of just starting this story they just kicked off this story and they said picture this so now you're kind of visualizing it and when i see an ad like this i just immediately i want to know like all right where are they where are they going with this like it just seems very different from any ad that i would normally see it doesn't seem like they're really trying to sell me anything or they're promoting anything right here they're really just kicking off this story right they're opening this group this is something that is great to incorporate in your ads and i love using it as a book all right the next type of hook that you can use in your ads is what i call the right to the point hook now this is exactly as it sounds it's where you just get right to the chase you know no funny business no playing around here we're just gonna tell them exactly what we are promoting exactly what we're trying to sell exactly you know whatever training it is that we're giving away just straight to the point so direct when you do this it portrays you know a lot of confidence that we don't have to do a lot of this selling a lot of this you know uh playing with words to try to get them to arrive at whatever link we're sending to them we're just telling them hey this is what it is this is what we got it's the best thing out there like this is awesome let me show you an example of how this is done alright so this ad starts off with make small simple websites rank them in google forward the emails and calls onto local businesses get paid monthly to keep the leads coming this is what we do here are 15 reasons to join us i absolutely love this one it comes off with just so much power so much confidence it's like we're not even we're not gonna play around here i don't wanna you know waste your time this is exactly what we do if you're interested keep reading if not that's fine and there's no like begging to hey please read more or like oh you definitely need to check this out it's just boom right to the point so direct super powerful all right hook number five is the controversial statement so with this type of hope you're gonna start off by saying something that is really gonna catch someone off guard because it might be counterintuitive to what they think right this is uh you're going to introduce a concept that might go against the grain from how most people would see things let me give you an example so this ad kicks it off by if you need more than five clients to reach 15k per month then your offer is broken so that comes out with a pretty powerful first sentence right because i would assume a lot of people are going to fall in that bucket right anyone who let's see that would be what three thousand dollars a client so anyone who has clients that they're selling for less than three thousand is going to fall in this bucket it's also kind of opening a loop as well right it's like i kind of want to know well why why is my offer broken if this is the case so they're saying this thing that it might be a little bit controversial and at the same time it's just leading me to want to read more it's also incorporating a little bit of that speaker lingo you know someone who was talking about clients 50k a month someone's talking about an offer this is a really powerful book it just starts off with that statement that it might be a little bit controversial and finally the number six hook that you can incorporate in your facebook ads and that is combining multiple strategies this is a super powerful method super powerful way that you can just kick off your ads and have hooks that really grasp the attention of your audience so you can incorporate things like speaking their language while also opening these books or even saying things that are just using a bunch of these strategies and combining them into one very powerful hook i'm gonna show you one of my favorite clips actually right now check this example out it's actually one of my one of my favorite ads ever uh maybe i'll do a review on this one time but it got like what is this like almost a thousand comments and all the all the comments in here like great ad great ad amazing ad i'm a big fan of this um let me know in the comments if you want me to do maybe a little analysis of this ad a little rundown of it i might make a video on that in the future but right now we're just gonna be talking about the hook so this one starts off here's a scalable biz for anyone who has these three things so first off we're talking about scalable business that's speaking the language of someone who is looking to grow a business right they're looking for a scalable business so we're speaking the language of that person we're also opening a loop right now for anyone who has these three things and they drop the coin it's like all right well what what are these three things now i want to know more that first line it kind of it opened that loop and now i want to close it and it goes one to two hours a day minimum to devote to it roughly a grand to put towards expenses a basic understanding of internet marketing so after they drop those one two three you see that first loop they closed and now watch what they do here if that's you then here's how it works so once again they just opened another loop so they started this first loop with the hook they dropped those three bullet points which closes that first loop and now they open another loop so they're just like continuously pulling you through this copy right they're opening loops and closing loops opening loops again i absolutely love the start to this ad incredible book just to really captivate that audience and really pull them into this ad hope you guys got a ton of value from those six different cloak types if you did drop a comment let me know which type of hook was your favorite and as always like and subscribe i'll be putting out more content just like this soon see you guys in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @chayomalive: The Ads seems really long, dont see how they're catchy
  2. @creativepat74: Other than that, the content itself is really great. Keep it up!
  3. @creativepat74: Hi Mike! I think the audio on this one is not so good. You should get rid of the music track and maybe get yourself a better microphone.

- Top 7 Ad Hooks For Facebook & TikTok: Kind: captions Language: en I've been following Trends following what's happening and I've kind of been super laser focused on what's working and what's getting a ton of traction as far as what's called advertising hooks so how to structure your short form uh 30-second advertising to get maximum sales and maximum engagement okay and I found another seven for us seven really really great hooks that are going so so well at the minute so let me and you can see they're all like a 30 second advertisement short form advertisement that's designed to get massive amount of attention uh also create Intrigue and then get a click to go make a sale okay within 30 seconds it's a ton to ask an advertisement to do but these do it really really well so I've also ranked them as well here's my first one I don't know if you ought to hear that but this one's called we need to talk about this right here so it is here's the problem blackheads in this particular video example we need to talk about this here's how to solve it here's where to solve the problem here's where to get the problem solved okay that's the format of this notice even though you can't hear it you can still see what's happening and that's important okay so whilst we can't hear the audio you can actually see what's happening see what's going on okay that's a very very important consideration for that anyway that's number one number two here we go I really like this one this is attention which is an old um newspaper space ad strategy so back in the day when newspapers were big and they had those little typically they'd be five line what's called space ads for all sorts of things and they've been the classified section of the newsletter one of the most consistent ways to write those advertisements was to write attention and then whoever was the target market okay attention homeowners attention dog owners attention whatever it would be okay super super good way of writing an advertisement and of course those space ads nothing new online everything old is New Again have now become hooks for tick tock ads so this is attention anyone who uses a toilet quite broad I think you'll agree if you don't use a toilet keep scrolling when it's like okay so this is eco-friendly toilet paper who gives a crap okay super super cool I really really like that uh not the toilet paper so much that's okay I guess but more the sort of idea behind it very very cool all right next is number three how to instantly elevate your routine whereas that little puppy here we go there you go so how to instantly make something better so again this is a call out for people who are already doing a thing and want to do it better okay that's the basic premise of it like you're already doing this now you can Elevate that by making it even better by doing this instead or by augmenting it with this so for us anybody that's already doing a one thing and let me show you how that might work so on Amazon you have for instance the frequently purchased together this is basically that but in video format okay you're already buying this now you need to buy this as well to make it better people who do this also do this it's that sort of thing okay works really really well notice none of these videos have got really really high production values either okay I want to kind of get across the idea and dispel dispel the myth that this has to have huge high production values it doesn't that's not important um next if you are and again tired of low quality Cuts it's the call out so now well yes I am actually so in terms of like a a structure for these ads it always starts with here's who it's for now we're going to say here's the target market here's who we aiming this at you know so we're kind of it's It's that great headline that starts something off tired of low Quality Meats so they ditched it and now this is the problem and then they offer the solution okay again very very clever uh number five kind of gonna blast through these for you again call out if you're tired of trying to do this then this will help it's like if is this product for you are you in this market and these work across all different things if you're tired of your dog um itching all the time this will help for instance so when I look at these I'm thinking my product how can I then apply that same ad structure to my product and really the easiest way to start that is just to think about the product but put your product in the place of it and then kind of just mash it up to get it right for you okay I love it uh I'll do one more this one good night to problem hello solution okay so if you've got a problem with harsh Fabrics when you're sleeping well here's the solution here is the solution okay if you've got a problem with um your dog doing X got dogs on my mind in a minute with your dog doing X here's the solution okay so that's how you construct your ads and what I love about this is one of the hardest things as a e-commerce entrepreneur when it comes to marketing anyway is coming up with new IDs new ideas new fresh ways to Market your product that your audience hasn't seen yet new hooks to try new strategies to try um that's pretty difficult to do on a consistent basis you might be able to do it for a few times but then over time you know you're like oh what can I do this week here's a way that you can get all the ideas by watching what other people doing and creatively applying it to your own products as well not just on tick tock not just on YouTube um Instagram wherever it may be you can use it across the board you can also use these as well as scripts for influencers you can share a video one of these and say I want you to do a video like this but for my product for instance which is something I'm going to do I want you to do a video all about this this particular Japanese medicine but in this format for an influencer so then you've got some user generated content you can then use for your marketing as well okay so you can also use it that way if you don't want to do these things yourself that was a video from my regular Monday night q a session with the members of the Aussie online entrepreneurs we are a community of over two and a half thousand professional e-commerce Sellers from right around the world selling on everything from Amazon to Shopify eBay to Etsy and much much more if you'd like to find out what we're doing and how we go about helping you make your business successful get yourself off to www dot Aussie online entrepreneurs.com.edu the link for that is in the description thanks so much for watching see you next time

- The Best Hooks for Meta Ads 2026: Kind: captions Language: en the first 3 seconds of your ad is going to determine whether you're going to make money or burn it and after analyzing millions of dollars in ad spend this year I found the hooks that are dominating right now some of these are brand new while some of these have evolved and one of them I've seen dominate across nearly every single product in Industry that I've tested it out on so far so it's a very easy win now for every video creative that I test I actually test out four unique hook variations because even though the best ad won't work if you can't stop the scroll and we can't place all of our hope in just one hook so let's break down the top hook styles that are winning so far in 2025 plus how to use them in our own ads and be sure to let me know your brand or product in the comments and I will personally suggest a hook for you to test out all I ask is that you like and subscribe the first hook trend is what I like to call the go against the tradition hooks these hooks call out a status quo or a commonly held belief and then immediately challenge it they work because they disrupt expectations and challenge people on what they think they thought they knew this creates instant Intrigue and curiosity now how to use them I've actually found the best way to use them is to make sure you call out the tradition directly in the hook this is perfect for product education ads where you need to encourage someone to try something new it also works really well with before and after visuals to help show that transformation and then hook number two conversational hooks no because because these don't even feel like Hooks and that's exactly why they work they come across as hyper authentic and to be honest I've seen them work across both paid and organic content across multiple Industries some of the ways that you can use this Hook is actually how I started off by sharing this hook with you guys by using the phrase no because or okay these or wait why is this XYZ I actually first tested this out on my own personal content as a suggestion from Julia Bloom and it was one of my top performing andic posts from last year no because the creatives that people love to share online do not actually work these TRS work because they make users feel like they're jumping into a conversation that's already happening which forces them to pause and play catchup which is a natural hack at gaining people's attention now these are super easy to test you can simply tweak the beginning of any video and it really works with any type of Creator content from B2B to Beauty to apparel if you have a few Creator briefs that you're working on right now this is a very easy one to add in but a common question that I often get asked is hey what if I don't have Creator content or I want to literally try out this strategy right now this is where story blocks comes in one of my favorite ways to replicate the feel of ugc without relying on creators is by combining highquality story blocks footage with Native text overlays in a conversational tone for example you could use a quick clip of someone scrolling on their phone with one of these messaging strategies or you could pair a high energy reaction shot with okay these are insane as the opening line with millions of stock Clips templates and image assets story blocks makes it insanely easy to create scroll stopping performance ad creative even if you don't necessarily have Creator content on hand the best part is is you're going to have full usage rights for all content making it 100% legal to use even for ads it's literally instant content you don't have to learn a new AI solution or wait for a Creator to shoot the content or God forbid schedule a video shoot to get unlimited downloads for One Flat Rate Check out storyblocks at story blocks.com darad Denny or click the link in the description and now hook number three viral product hooks so when I was conducting research for this video and analyzing the ad creative from the brands that I work with one thing was very clear that ads that still tap into virality are still absolutely crushing it in 2025 even though I feel like it's a little bit boring to talk about this is honestly one of the few hooks that I've seen work for years without necessarily losing steam or fatiguing and that's because people love what's already popular it creates social proof and proves to people that they're making right investment simple proof in numbers y'all but I have noticed a few angles that consistently work number one product reviews this is going to leverage curiosity and social proof and number two founder stories which really builds credibility and more of that emotional connection these type of ads are perfect for beauty Wellness fashion skincare anything where virality really helps Drive demand it also works really great with ugc reaction clips and before and after Transformations a really easy way way to test this is just to Simply add this text overlay over your top performing app and if your product hasn't gone viral yet try framing this idea around a viral movement instead something like this and number four reaction hooks very similar to conversational hooks reaction hooks work really well because they really hinge on that authentic reaction that authenticity notice the trend they make ads feel real unscripted and unprompted which is exactly why why they drive strong performance so here's an easy win for your next creative brief simply brief in the opportunity for your creator to give those natural reactions while testing out your product and it's interesting over the last few years I've seen this really common during Black Friday Cyber Monday during when times of gifting are really popular but this year I've really seen these reaction-based ads dominate in Beauty and Industry and it's something that I'm trying out across all the brands that I'm working with and my expert tip here is to combine this with any of the other hooks that I'm going to show in this video it makes for an even stronger ad and hook number five controversy ads the power of polarization so leaning into negative marketing has been a top performing strategy on meta for the last few years hooks like these now I'm not going to lie these are still working pretty well in 2025 but I've seen that leaning into more controversial hooks are even more powerful so instead of highlighting a flaw or turning the positive to a negative these ads actually try to introduce debate and draw skepticism which forces viewers to kind of see what the fuss is all about so yes I would actually say these hooks are super similar to the breaking the tradition type of AD creative and I will say going against the grain is in the fabric of American society which is why I think these ads work so well here some examples of controversial hooks I actually got targeted this one from my old client and immediately when I saw big pH stand out I immediately stopped the scroll and was like I'm tuning in ultimately these type of hooks create instant Intrigue because they're identifying a common enemy a hot take or just another controversy and the best part is is whether or not people agree or disagree with your statement you're very likely to get a lot more engagement by using these ads people are going to share people are going to debate which is going to further push the algorithm to put out your ad my two big tips here is these are great for products that are challenging some type of norm and also definitely test out using the actual word controversy I have found that that really does Drive quite a bit of performance and if you want me to help pick the best hook for your product or brand be sure to let me know in the comments below and I will reply with my top pick for you personally and hook number six trigger hooks words that stop the scroll some words immediately trigger an emotional or psychological response causing people to stop react and engage with your ad and these words aren't just catchy or superflous they really do tap into deeply rooted human emotions like desire embarrassment loathing and anxiety I've analyzed thousands of ad creatives this year alone and I've noticed again and again that a lot of the top performers are ones that just have words that have that extra special um here's actually a list of some of my favorite trigger words to use in ad creative there are trigger words that Drive curiosity and Intrigue fear and anxiety shock and controversy desire emotion and anger and resentment and of course we got a few of these in action right here now here's an easy way that you can test this right now before launching any AD creative I actually upload my top performing hooks into chat GPT and ask it to enhance them with emotional trigger words this is a really simple step but has actually increased the performance on a lot of my ad creatives recently definitely try it and hook number seven demographic hooks this is honestly the top performing hooks so far in 2025 now I talked about demographic hooks in last year's video but here's the thing it is still driving the best performance today in 2025 and I'm not really surprised about it here's two reasons why number one they help meta accurately Target your creative so these days meta doesn't really rely on interest targeting or lookalike targeting to drive results I haven't really seen great performance coming out of those audiences lately it's really coming more out of Advantage Plus audiences or just broad open targeting but what meta does use to help Target your customers is by looking at the actual meta data inside of your ad creative so things like your imagery and your messaging which yes does include your text overlay so when you call out a specific demographic in your hook meta takes that as a strong targeting signal and helps deliver your ads to those right people and number two another reason why this works is this type of AD creative is inherent more top of funnel so instead of targeting by problem or even product you're actually targeting more by identity this tends to increase scalability because you're talking to a lot bigger audience without actually needing them to be already problem aware so my big tip here is to think about how your users categorize thems this can be by age by job title lifestyle affiliation and even potentially health conditions if you aren't testing out demographic hooks in 2025 you are probably leaving a lot of money on the table hook number the multiple hook hook now this is a trend that I've seen more and more this year I think it's one of the easiest ways to improve ad creative performance without actually making net new ads and simply instead of just relying on one hook this method actually Stacks two to three hooks to create a sort of hook reel at the beginning of your ad I've seen this prevent drop off in the first few seconds by really keeping that engagement high and it can also appeal to multiple psychological triggers at once like identity controversy demographic targeting you can literally just combine everything that we're talking in this video and it is very easy to test just edit existing High performers by adding an extra hook at the start some winning combinations that I've seen work really well include demographic plus controversy hooks demographic plus anti-traditional product Hooks and hook number nine the how do I know if hook your users already have these questions in mind the second they discover your product or service and how do I know if it's right for me this look directly Taps into that uncertainty which is why it's so effective it mirrors the exact same thoughts that your customers are having in real time making the ad feel instantly relevant and to be honest it feels more like a genuine conversation than a traditional ad and it automatically frames the ad from the viewer's perspective instead of the Brand's perspective and this one's very easy all that you have to do is start your hook with how do I know if insert common consumer objection if you want an ad that instantly resonates with your audience or if you're trying to make your ad creative feel more genuine and authentic this is absolutely the ad creative to test next and hook number 10 the speed and transformation hook which shows fast results and visible change the way that I know that a brand is going to crush it on meta ads is if they can number one provide what appears to be an easy solution to someone's problem that promises really quick change think about it this is why Beauty and cosmetics do so well on meta ads because the reality is people don't just want results they want fast invisible proof that their product is actually going to deliver on the promise that's why combining speed with a before and after transformation makes this hook one of the strongest I've seen so far in 2025 it Taps into instant gratification and combining it with before and after visuals show that the product actually works the best way to use this is to use time based phrases which creates urgency and drives Intrigue ultimately speed gets attention and transformation builds trust use both and you got a winning hook all right I just gave you the top 10 best performing hooks so far in 2025 and now I want to hear from you let me know which ones you're most excited to test out in the comments below and if you haven't already hit like And subscribe so you won't miss my next ad creative breakdown love you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [17 likes]: Hey everyone! There has been such a great response for hooks, I'm so honored :) 

If you are subscribed to the channel (I can see a little button on my side!), I will be sure to respond to you with the hooks within a day or so. Love you guys!!
  2. @starfox300 [2 likes]: How can you write "women over 40, listen up" when it violates Facebook's personal attributes rules?
  3. @samfouzir983: The name of our company is slickyblocks.. We are an AI website builder that includes SEO, ecommerce, marketing tools... we are small and competing against big players like shopify and wix.. Its hard to get a good hook in my industry. what do you recommend.. Great channel FYI
  4. @karenabbott9908: Great video!  thank you! - paid ads car insurance
  5. @Mrumer-si3fn: i have party accessories niche. what's the best hook for me?
  6. @jeffmccreary-d4j: Essential Oil Lotion for pain
  7. @thrivebestnaturally: Thank you so helpful. I'm not sure which to apply first they all have their benefits.
  8. @BLINDTRAVELLER_12: I love you so so much... ❤
  9. @withdreamkeeper: Good for skincare brands?
  10. @ClariceMiss: What hook do you suggest for an RnB singer?! :) ( I know this one is a tough one...)
  11. @bgdtpsychiatry: Hi! Thank you for this video. We offer Ketamine therapy, GLP-1 treatment, and Gene Testing.
  12. @VictoriaHostSecrets: Love your content!  I am starting a sauna and pergola building company for residential home owners wondering what would be the best hook!!??😊
  13. @iannicholson651: Mortgage Broker
  14. @FotisVasilis: Hi! I’m running a digital project! It’s a faceless brand that sells premium playbooks, templates, and guides to help freelancers, solopreneurs, and creators grow online without showing their face. can you please give me some hook ideas? thank you so much!
  15. @FotisVasilis: Hi! I’m running a digital project! It’s a faceless brand that sells premium playbooks, templates, and guides to help freelancers, solopreneurs, and creators grow online without showing their face. can you please give me some hook ideas? thank you so much!
  16. @SamuelOgunjimi: I own an insurance agency. We offer whole life insurance plan
  17. @DigitalSurge-vs: suggest hook for algo trading masterclass.
Really loved your video
  18. @davidsantamaria2380: We offer private tennis sessions in Miami. Can you recommend a hook for us?
  19. @HAMZABROUD: Real estate
  20. @dassimakopoulos: I am a chiropractor with a special interest in treating jaw pain. Can you recommend a hook for me?

- How to make winning hooks that scale (Facebook Ads 2026 Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en How do you make winning hooks that scale? Hooks are what make or break ads in your ad account? And it's a very important part of the ad creation process, but a lot of people are doing it wrong when it comes to making hooks for their ads. So, great hooks typically start with what? They start with research and understanding who you were actually selling to in the first place. I could have a great hook that looks great. It sounds great, but I'm speaking to the wrong type of person or I'm showing them the wrong type of format altogether or we have the wrong face in the ad. So maybe, for example, the hook is great. The statement in the hook is great, but we're showing the wrong type of person in that ad and it doesn't resonate with that person. Or maybe, for example, we're selling to bluecollar guys who want to see skits that are more funny, for instance. Just in this example. So, we're selling to bluecollar guys who want to see skits that are funny, but we're trying to show them ads that are UGC ads that don't resonate as well versus funny skits that will actually make them laugh while getting the point across. So, understanding the nuance of this stuff is very important if you're trying to make winning hooks that scale because the hooks often make or break your ads. A bad hook on a good ad equals a bad ad. A good hook on a good ad can scale potentially and help you grow your business. Just one or two good ads, especially top offunnel ads that can really drive growth for the business could be the difference in making or breaking your ad account. How do you master the art of the hook? The first thing you got to understand is that hook rate is important to look at as a secondary metric, but it's not everything. I've had winning ads that have around a 15% click rate and they speak to a very specific type of person and I've also had winning ads that I've worked on where we've seen a 40% 50% hook rate for instance where these ads perform really well. So you can see both ways. You can see a low hook rate but you can see an ad that performs really well with a 15% hook rate. or you could see an ad that has a really high hook rate, but it performs very badly. So, hook rate by itself, it doesn't tell you everything. Hook rate will tell you how engaging the hook is, but it doesn't necessarily mean that the hook is good, right? And so, if I make an engaging hook where I'm doing something dumb on the camera, I'm trying to clickbait people, for instance, maybe the hook is really engaging, but we're attracting the wrong type of people into the funnel. We want to filter out the bad people who we don't want in our funnel and we want our ads to be shown to the type of people who would actually buy our product, right? And so how do we do that? The first thing we have to think about is what visuals are we actually using in the hooks that we are using in our ads? Are we showing visuals that would resonate with that type of person who we want to actually buy the product? For example, if I'm selling supplements and in that first few seconds of that ad, that person is in gym clothing. They look like somebody who goes to the gym. Maybe they've got like a shaker bottle next to whatever the case is. or maybe they're in a gym, that ad may perform better as a result if that person is actually the type of person who would use whatever product that is versus if we put somebody in a suit and we show them in that ad and the people who are buying the ad or buying from the ad are Jim Bros for instance. So we have to think about how is the person being how's the person dressed in the ads that you are showing. Do they look like they are about to go do whatever the thing is that the product does? So, if you're selling a supplement, for example, for people who work out, does the ad look like it is for people who work out or does it look like it is some professional photo shoot, for instance, where you're selling apparel. You don't want a professional photo shoot with fancy models, for example, where they're dancing around and and saying your brand name if the goal is to sell a supplement that requires some kind of marketing psychology. Right? Now, maybe in in an apparel brand, for instance, that might work. If you have an apparel brand and you have people dancing around with some high quality photo shoots and whatnot, maybe that works. But for a supplement brand, it's going to be different, right? Most likely they're not going to just buy your product because they see somebody holding your product and saying the brand name. That doesn't make any sense. It is a very competitive industry in that example. And so with that being said, you have to understand what actually gives you the edge. And that is understanding marketing psychology and understanding how to craft winning hooks. So, without going any further, if you want me to help you come up with your hooks and to write your briefs for you and help you with your ads, drop your brand name down below and I will reach out to you if it looks like a good fit. So, as far as this stuff goes, you have your research, you have your research, which is typically the first step of coming up with a winning hook. You have to first figure out who you were showing your ads to. One of the tricks that I like to use when I'm doing this is I look at the comments on the ads that are already running where people are commenting saying they bought the product or whatever. And typically, if you are spending a decent amount of money on ads, you're going to be having some people commenting on those ads saying they purchased the product. Look at those people and try to observe things on their Facebook page or whatever the case is. What are their interests? What are the things that they like? How do the people look? Are you noticing any behaviors, any certain leanings as far as views go? All these sorts of things are things that I will be taking note of when you are trying to come up with your hooks and when you're trying to come up with your ads and when you're trying to figure out who to show in the ads that you were showing. Another thing you can do is you can make a burner account or a Facebook or Instagram account and you can go follow all of your competitors for example or other brands that are similar on Facebook or Instagram and just go engage with all the ads that you see for relevant similar products. go add stuff to their cart, you know, do whatever and and engage with their page and start paying attention to the ads that are popping up, especially the ones that are getting a lot of engagement that are conversion ads. So, I would be doing this also as a part of the research process before you even go to come up with your first hook. Another thing I like to do is I like to use a tool that I built personally with chat GPT. It's a custom GPT that does a lot of the stuff for me that I would be doing to identify the main reasons that people buy, common things that are mentioned in reviews and a competitor analysis and then also identifying where in the market are are we so are we in a stage two or three market sophistication for example or are we in a stage four. So the first step is going to be research and then ideiation and coming up with ideas or on what types of people you want to show in those ads. And then from there you will be writing your script. And now this is the next part that really makes or breaks the ads. The first part is you have to have somebody who is typically pretty good behind a camera to have a real true winning ad. I would say they have to be to some extent good behind the camera or to some extent fit that type of demographic that you were trying to market to in some way. The second part is you have to have a statement that is very strong or in some cases maybe even a little controversial in that hook that would trigger some controversy or some sort of engagement. You can do this by exaggerating things. You can do this by calling people out in a way that makes them a little bit upset but not overly upset. Maybe calling out something and saying this is the dumbest way to do you know whatever it may be or you are dumb if you do this for example. There's different ways you can do it but you can trigger a little bit of controversy. Another great way to do this is you can also say something wrong that would trigger the type of person who it is that you want to buy. So for example, let's say you are selling a product that is for dipping like a spit cup or whatever the case may be and you say the name of the brand incorrectly. This could be one way that you could get people to comment on that ad who are the type of person who you want the ad to be shown to because they would be the type of person who would get triggered by this. And so there's little tricks like that that you can use. For instance, some people may even misspell things intentionally in some cases to try to trigger engagement, but you have to do it in the right way. Once again, you want to filter out the type of people who you don't want to buy. You don't just want everybody commenting on your ad necessarily. You want people who you want to sell to to be the type of people typically who are commenting on your ads. Um I would say and engaging with your ads. So yeah, that would be the first thing is you want to understand who you're marketing to and then from there you write your copy. You want to make sure that the face that is being shown in that ad looks like the type of person who would actually buy the product. A great way to get content is you could do some sort of gamified promotion with your customers where you maybe send out an email and say, "Hey, if anybody wants to send in a video, we're doing a a contest or we're doing some sort of promotion where we're going to give you a $50 gift card or whatever the case may be to send in a video using the product." You know, do this for people who've actually bought the product. That could be one way you try to get some content for free where you don't have to ship out the content again where they already are using your product and where they look like the type of person who would actually buy your product because they are the people who are actually buying your product and you send them maybe a basic brief and you let them come up with the script for example and then you take the best ones that you get and you use those for your ads. There's different things like that you could do to try to get content if you need content or you can also film the content yourself. A lot of times the founders are great people to be shooting ads because they are often very passionate about their product. When you see the founder behind the camera, they light up differently than other people do when they're talking about the product and they're just different behind the camera because they are truly passionate about their product. they care more than some UGC creator who you're paying $200 to to make a script. And so oftentimes the founder can be a great person to actually shoot these ads. Now, as far as the ad itself and the statement that is being said in the ads, so first you do your research. You figure out who you're going to actually show in the ads. And then you have to also figure out what kind of format you're going to be using in the ads, where this ad will sit in the funnel, and what the goal of this ad is. So there's a lot that goes into that. But then from there, what do you actually say to get them to want to listen? So the important thing here is you want to either you want to either build curiosity, you want there to be some sort of controversy, and you want there to be some sort of filtering of the type of people who you don't want to listen to the app. So, one way you can do this is you can put a text hook on the screen or you can call out a specific area or a specific type of person in those first few seconds. And oftent times this can work really well. So, I could say, "Gen guys need this product or whatever the case is. Bluecollar men need this product or whatever it may be." And just by me putting that text in that first few seconds, it's going to help to filter that ad, have it be shown to the right type of person. and then maybe I say something about that, calling out that type of person also in the ad. So that's an easy way to do it where you can just call out the demographic because your ad creative is what actually does the targeting. You don't have to use interest groups to do targeting. You don't have to use lookalike audiences. Your ad creative does the targeting with the messaging that you have in your ad, with the copy that is in your ad or text that you use and with the faces and the environment of your ad itself. So, if you want to target people who are on a farm, you could film an ad on a farm. If you want to target people who are gym guys, you could film an ad at a gym or with gym clothing on or whatever the case is. And so, you can try different things in different environments. You can try different faces or you can try also changing up the script itself. So I say all that to say this. A lot of this stuff when it comes to marketing comes down to it's very complex. There are lots of layers to this stuff where you could have a great script but just the wrong creator. You could have a great creator but the wrong script. or you could have a great creator overall and a great script, but it's just the wrong type of fit for that specific style of ad or whatever the case is. And so, this is why it really takes somebody who is skilled, who has experience doing this stuff and who's been doing this stuff for a long time and has lots and lots of reps at this to be good at writing briefs. So, if you want me to write your briefs, drop your brand name below and I'll reach out if it looks like a good fit. So, hopefully you guys found this helpful. If you want to see more videos like this, feel free to like, comment below what you want to see next, and subscribe for

- Pattern Interrupt: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] pattern interrupt you remember pattern interrupt Jenny and this is in universal to you all this is a one-off and you know what it may as well be in the budget compartment is because it's a beautiful way to not give the quote and you've seen this in class I'd be happy to yeah so and you have to sell it and what it here's what it means is that it you know my wife has dachshunds Ginny and she says they're always talking but they talk in conversation bubbles right so here's what it sent Jeannie asked me for a quote and I'll apply this and notice I have to sell it I have to be convincing but ask me for a quote but suppose we're on the phone you're the prospect I'm you you asked for a quote and I'll respond hey benno I'm just calling to to get a quote from you on for our high school Jeannie thanks for calling really appreciate that happy to quote you on this listen can I ask you a couple questions sure guess what just happened how do not I didn't provide what he didn't give me any not did not and you have to sell it yeah you must sound as though you're joyous about providing a quote right yes so Jenny your key here is is what will those questions be that you get track subtraction from very quickly

  Top Comments:
  1. @tski007 [1 likes]: I didn’t get it

- Tips on using pattern interrupt in your TikTok Videos I Virginia Kerr: Kind: captions Language: en so let's talk a little bit a bit about virginia how we can capture someone's attention how can i capture someone's attention in less than five seconds with video what can i do you grab their attention by telling them how you're going to help them that solution hook right out of the gate you give them a promise this is going to help you and then you deliver on it i mean i just think even saying hey what's up tick tock i hear that a lot or stop or scroll that may have worked for the first 500 000 people who tried that but it gets you need to tell them what they're going to get or they're just going to keep going yeah swiping yeah i know i i'm with you there a lot so another thing that i've noticed in your videos virginia and again you got over a quarter million followers on two tick tock channels which is very very impressive one of the things that i've noticed that you do in your videos is it's not just really you speaking to a camera in for 60 seconds straight you're kind of having like changing of scenes right so talk to me a little a bit about that how important is it that you're changing the the number of scenes in your videos and how often should we be doing that i use what's called the pattern interrupt and the pattern interrupts can be a change of framing it can be a change of location it can be a change of clothes like i said i like to incorporate little characters so i'll tell you what not to do and then my character will do all the wrong things and so that's a pattern interrupt sound effects are a pattern interrupt a transition is a pattern interrupt anything that can keep the viewer going moving forward with your videos that they want to continue to watch text bubbles are also a pattern interrupt one of the biggest mistakes i see people make though is they'll either overuse the pattern interrupts or they don't use them effectively for instance a text bubble if you put all the text up at once or multiple text bubbles up at once that's clutter and that confuses the person and if you're not clear about what they're getting they swipe so you want to use it effectively but less is more meaning fewer words in your text bubble and then edit them to the next scene or maybe the next edit is a better way to say it or the next sentence that's that's why i do that as far as how often you should do it it depends on your style my style is very it's not what i would recommend everybody do i think it depends on your personality your brand but i do think that if you can edit your sentences very tightly which is also also going to help you with you know having a shorter amount of time and on tick tock on any of these we want you know that watch time to go up and it's going to go up if it's a shorter video and people are likely to get through the whole thing so tighten your sentences and then a really easy way to get that pattern interrupt is you can change the frame every time you do an edit meaning you can zoom in or you can zoom out i also another hack is i will record each sentence separately or maybe not a sentence but each thought separately and that way i've got different framing maybe i do a wide shot medium shot close-up shot just i have i have options when it goes when it's time to edit i don't edit inside the app by the way yeah so i want to talk about that a little bit but i just want to kind of highlight one of the things you said a lot of really i think important stuff there with the pattern interrupts but one of the problems i think that you can get into you can fall into when you're just starting this kind of message vlog style one-on-one type of conversation is that you think that you need to have a 60-second monologue that's perfect but when you're using the pattern interrupts when you're when you're breaking down your videos into five second segments it's a lot easier for you to be thoughtful with your words and be more poignant with your words so listen you don't need to go for 60 seconds straight right just break it down into five second segments so let's talk a little bit about that right you're creating videos not inside the app on the fly right you're not just going to instagram and recording a quick video you're not doing uh that in tiktok how are you actually going through this process so you're sitting at home i assume that you're batching your video production you have a strategy to it um but let's start with this virginia if i'm getting started with video i don't have a lot of video editing experience what's a good way for me to get started outside of an app creating video experiences i'm not saying you shouldn't edit inside the app i think a lot of people have learned editing from tick tock sure and now reels although reels is a little clunky right now so i suggest i tell my clients let's just edit outside of the app because reels is a little glitchy tiktok is is a little smoother ride right now but i would suggest you get an app that's very basic like video shop it's a very basic app and it's simply going to allow you to marry separate clips so if you're going to edit or shoot i should say if you're going to shoot a video like we just described where you do it in different segments instead of one long minute one take then you throw all of those into video shop and immediately it's all married together as one video and then you can go in and trim so that you can get those really tight uh edits with your sentences like we talked about did i answer your question yeah no i think so i mean in in one of the biggest challenges again for someone that's just getting into video editing that's never edited a video before i think that's a good i think that's a really really sound piece of advice virginia you could start in the app that's fine start getting the app playing with it something like tick tock is pretty comprehensive of what you can do instagram has some different features but the key here is is don't think that you have to do everything all at once stop comparing yourself to professionals like virginia what the best thing to do is start by just doing something and then make your next episode a little bit better your next video a little bit better don't think that you have to do all the all the the the filters and the apps the add-ons at once just one at a time and less is more honestly i have students or clients who they come in and they want to do what i'm doing and then they put so many sound effects and so many transitions and it's like i i feel like i went through a tornado i have no idea what you just told me so you yeah you you really just need to get your face on camera and start somewhere i didn't start there i i mean you can go back and look at my first videos on my tic toc accounts and even on instagram and even for me who's been doing it for so long it was a big learning process for me because like you said at the very beginning video has changed dramatically over the years people's attention spans continue to shrink right and every platform is different too your messaging on linkedin has got to be a little bit different than your messaging uh on tiktok or or instagram or on twitter every being native to the platform is important although i i have found that at least a lot of the video content that we're getting from the show the after hours entrepreneur it tends to to do pretty well on each each platform thank you so much for watching i'm glad you enjoyed this episode i've got several other episodes right here for you smash one of these videos to make sure that you don't miss out on the tips tools and tactics of industry experts let's take that side hustle full time smash one of these links

  Top Comments:
  1. @ahepodcast: Full Interview Here!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8MZ37UhzkkE

- Marketing Tip o'the Day... Pattern Interrupts: Kind: captions Language: en greetings friend entrepreneur and fellow business builder marketing wizard Jim Ackerman here with yet another marketing tip of the day let me ask you something if you do you have fun with your customers you have fun with your advertising you ever use the strategy of a pattern interrupt to get people to take advantage of an offer let me suggest that you do so had a little bit of fun how about this for a headline he got a new boat and you got what this is an ad targeted to women who live around a lake and it's by a jeweler can you imagine that so he got a new boat and you got what and of course she's trying to sell them diamond jew or gemstone jewelry or if she wanted to target it to the men her headline was if you want a bigger boat get her a bigger diamond you see that's fun kind of stuff people love that kind of stuff they'll be able to relate to it both the men and the women and it provides a pad and interrupt it's something out of the ordinary thinking patterns that they're in how would you do that with an offer if you don't like my CDs smash them up with a hammer and send the pieces back to me and I'll give you a full refund that's not your normal guarantee and it's not any more meaningful than a normal guarantee but it's presented in that semi shocking pattern interrupt kind of way use that and have fun with it that's my tip to you today don't forget to subscribe to my channel don't forget to leave your comments below and please don't forget to refer your friends so that they subscribe to all my YouTube channels where they get the kind of information that you're getting here and you get to win prizes everything from CD sets all the way up to seventy two hundred dollar principle-centered marketing coaching programs to be awarded on November 13th as we all together get more customers who will pay us more money more often the fastest easiest most cost-effective ways possible

- Using Pattern Interrupt To Get More Attention Online: Kind: captions Language: en today i'm joined by scott ayers scott loves busting myths about social media marketing at the social media lab even if that means going against what he was taught in the past and he does it all while looking like beaker from the muppets if you don't mind me saying when you see scott on social media he's very active and he wears this bright orange wig and like a lab coat and i thought wow that's unusual and then i thought that's instant instant branding and we're going to talk to scott about that welcome to the show scott appreciate you having me on yeah and beaker you know when i was a kid beaker was one of my favorite muppets me too yeah i like embedding you know a podcast on on on every blog that i can because that again if i can perk you know peak your attention and get you to hit play and you stay there for a couple minutes for one i'll get the download over to my stats for the podcast but at that time on site just kicks in and makes it more authoritative if someone's bouncing within like five seconds that hurts you but they stay for a couple of minutes um that that you get rewarded for that down the road so it's it's always smart to do that long as that contents related the the patent interrupt that really is something that interests me and um i just finished writing a book about very similar type of thing about getting people's attention and it's purely surface level attention right and then you you build authority and um you know you provide the value but i think a lot of people neglect that real eye candy attention thing like you know you've got the orange hair and you've got on your blog there's just all sorts of color and there's there's videos there with thumbnails and there's um you know and then you get people in and then you deliver your content that way yeah i mean as far as the pattern interrupt i mean it is something if you do if you look at youtube for example you know most v videos get viewed on youtube because someone saw the thumbnail and it was enticing enough to to tap on it click on it and watch it the thumbnails are always so important for your blog posts and for your social media posts whatever it's at so anything you can do that looks different stands out dare we say you know controversial or just weird we're focused on what you might call pillar pieces i don't know if you've heard that term before but writing one big piece that's just massive about a subject and then having all these tiny little pieces that are pointing back to it and then that big one's pointing back to the little ones and google really likes that um how are they pointing like how are the little pieces pointing to the big piece j you know just back links back over to it you know the same shot yeah oh yeah yeah and google likes that they the spiders crawl and they go oh cool there's another article that's referencing this and there's some timing in that you've got to figure out and see you know and make sure you're not do if you did it all at one time it probably wouldn't help um so you got to span it out over you know a few months or whatever um but we've seen some really good success in those pillar pieces and a lot of people are are seeing that that makes more sense like we back link to ourselves a lot on our own blog po on website uh because especially on a really high performing post you know put some good back links to your newer content um like an old post old blog post my most common most traffic blog post for the lab is about how to get 100 followers or a thousand followers in 24 hours or something like that and it's it's years old it's like three years old or so three or four but i'm constantly going into it and linking to new posts related to instagram because i know google is going to see hey you're linking this this really high is linking to this one it must be good as well so that's something to kind of go back in your content and play around with like when i think about the most questions and also the most hate email it's typically instagram we had we had one big one for example that uh was testing the theory of should you put your hashtags in the the comments or put it in the original post um there's a lot of people who've been you know telling everybody for years um that you should obviously the first comment that way you know it kind of hides it you know in the uh on the post itself and you know you don't you know people are like it doesn't look as ugly there's a lot of big marketers in the social space been teaching that so i tested that and come to find out i mean i got like i think it ended up being 29 higher reach on my instagram post when i left the hashtags in the original post and instead of you know stuffing them into the comments

  Top Comments:
  1. @bostonlang3534: Having googled "Wallter Bulls trader" you can find a famous individual. He made a fortune some years ago. Lately, such services have appeared that allow copying the results of experts. This character clearly shows how to copy him automatically using such a service. We have to try while the market is on the rise

- The 3 Step System For Winning Facebook Video Ads: Kind: captions Language: en what's up guys is Carter here blue cloud solutions com and today I wanted to talk to you about the three-part system that will help you make really effective facebook video ads was at a conference last weekend know a lot of great people talk to a lot of really smart people and I talked to a few people that I've known for a while who are probably the most authoritative Facebook Ads agency in the country these guys run millions and millions of dollars a month they have some amazing podcasts and all that sort of stuff and they give a really good presentation that they broke down all the face close videos that they've done for bad vertising and it really comes out of three things that people can do to have effective facebook ads I want to share this with you so that you can get cheaper and better installed for your abs okay now the first thing that you want to do in your facebook ads is have some sort of pattern interrupt you got to get people's attention and if you notice on many of these really good facebook video ads the ones that get you to stop scrolling the first 35 seconds is really like in your face it's something that pops out of you sometimes it's as simple as someone holding the phone in front of that man doing a selfie video in some crazy place or you know maybe with some sick cars in the background or it could be you can see some text flashing or maybe you do some explosion or something that's going to get the video to jump out at the person and that's really really important you gotta get the first two seconds where it pops it just jumps out at people so if they actually stop scrolling and we watch the video that's the first piece now the second piece and this probably the most important in terms of conversion is you need to either demonstrate for you to educate for for apps I think most of us just me demonstrate right we do a screen flow of the app being played if you got a casino game or if you got emoji app you just show people hey here's what the app is all about here's how you use it there's how much fun you can have here's what you can get out of this which is great the other thing you can do is you can educate people so for example if you were doing a nap on I don't know like meditation you could you can explain to people hey hear the benefits of meditation here's facts about meditation you didn't know about before here's how easy it is to meditate or something that educates people anything you fr really any app and by doing one of these two things or even both if you're in a really good division you'll get people to get value out of the advertisement itself they will watch the video and save it so it was really helpful I really enjoyed this and the chances of them clicking and installing your appt go up considerably now the third piece which is what a lot of people just forget about it's amazing how many ads forget to do this is you have to have a call to action you need to tell people what to do next some of these it is you need to say go install this app right now maybe not you physically saying this but you need to put that text or you need to have a big button or you need to have something that says thank you for watching now go download this app right now or share this with somebody that will get value out of this ad or this video or whatever it may be but you have to tell people what they should do next you'd be amazed at how important this is and also how much how often people forget to do this so if you do those three things you interrupt the pattern right you get the first few seconds to really wow somebody second piece is you got to educate or demonstrate and then the third is you ask for a call to action those are consistently the most important pieces of creating a successful facebook video ad now in terms of what you put in there it's really up to you it comes down to your individual app and more importantly it comes down to testing a few different things because what they realize I mean they've done 200 million two hundred seventy million impressions on on these video ads and what they realize is that testing is the only way that they ever found on to get the results that they want they just had the test because aside from this structure it always came down to testing things that they might not have thought of so I hope this is helpful if it was give me a thumbs up on YouTube or like this on facebook if you're listening on the podcast please leave us a review and meantime guys I will talk to you soon [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @RodrigoGraca31: Anyone here having success with Facebook ads? They suck for me...

Here's my results from a tshirt campaign I ran yesterday: http://i.imgur.com/XB9Lo7C.png

"Relevance Score: 1" the best one I ever had and the best one there is.
"Cost: 0.09" is actually pretty good and is probably because the "Relevance Score" was 1 (more relevant to the user we pay less)
"Results: 201 clicks" If I'm not mistaken that's the biggest number os clicks I ever had without canceling it...
"Amount spent: 17.36€ = $18.63" so I basically spent $20 with no return.... (aside from another $20 or so for the design)

I just paused the campaign and it will probably stay that way for ever... Since I've not sold any shirt and didn't make any profit...

Can anyone "help me" ?
I just need to know if it's me doing something wrong or bad luck or if Facebook ads really suck....
  2. @redaelyazidi1099: genuis ! you must be famous on the intrenet , i want to build a business online from scratch ,because i dont have money , i like the apps undustry ,can i start wih reskining? and make a capital that will help me to buy some courses on apps deveoppement then , i live in morocco 1000 (dollars)= one million (dirhams ) thanks bro for your help

- How To Make Ads That Slap (For Info & Agency Offers): Kind: captions Language: en last year I spent I think like $1.6 million on ads and I think I made like six or so back so I'm going to walk you through how to make ads that just slap ads that make give you row ass where you just think that can't be right feels illegal to be printing money like this so first step is basically the hooks obviously you are aware of what a hook is otherwise you wouldn't have clicked on this video honestly man the easiest way to figure out what works is just turn your ad blocker off go on Facebook and just look for ads in your space go on the Google ads Library go on the Met ads library for the biggest competitors whether it's me Cole Gordon Iman gaji Alex hosi and just find the hooks that work and then just emulate them and copy them now I don't mean copy them word for word where you know you're just perfectly printing someone's ad word for word what I am telling you to do is make a you should basically be able to find like 30 40 50 hooks that these guys are currently running and if we're currently running them then the chances are as it works because we have too much to lose by using hooks that don't work and then just make a make a Google drive folder get all the links download them and then transcribe them out and then basically just try and patn find spend like 3 or four days just listening to all these HKS try and patn find and then what you really want to do is you want to write like 10 because when we create ads you got to imagine you are a turtle giving birth to eggs on a beach it's a sad Prospect but 99% of your ads are going to be unsuccessful the reason turtles lay so many eggs and the reason the insects lay so many eggs is in the hopes that one or two of a hundred survives and that's kind of the same thing we're doing here with ads but on a slightly less scary scale if you make 10 hooks it's likely that maybe three or four of them will work once you find the three or four that work what we're going to do is we're going to splice and we're going to duplicate scientific term for splicing is where you take the DNA of one organism and put it into another this is where you start merging Your Hooks together you find what works you start making little spin-off variants of it but that's pretty straightforward right that's how you find out what works is you just copy what works you make it your own you make enough of them to give you evolutionary plot armor and then you find the ones that did work for your Niche and then you narrow down but the real kicker the real kicker is the actual recording of the ads anyone can hop on Google ads and Facebook ads manager or you know and just basically copy and paste and you know find like a hundred hooks that are being run by people right now and copy but the kicker is recording and there's a few things um I youve probably seen been my ads before um and if you haven't I'm sure that I will Grace Your Presence at some point on one of these videos with an ad the a lot of people have when they're recording ads is judgment and this is a huge huge problem is when you're recording ads you need to be a ballsy confident mother you need to be full of conviction you need to be like on your high horse screaming from the top of your lungs about how amazing this is kind of just the nature of the of the way this works now you can take the more nonchalant approach and that works as well but the point here is that you need to ooze confidence you need to have so much confidence this is going to work and it needs to be communicated the problem is a lot of people when I watch their ads is their ads suck because they haven't got any confidence but that's not to say that they're not confident it's just they're not letting their confidence come through in the advertisement and the reason that that happens is because they have been judging other people and their ads you probably see a lot of ads and when you see those ads you probably have a tendency to judge them of like oh that guy sucks or his offer sucks or he looks like he's mad or he looks like he's just in a line of cocaine and has some problem with his eyes or something you know the second that you judge other people with their advertising and this comes down to if you receive a code call from someone from Bangladesh and you think God I wish that guy would stop spamming me if you need to stop judging marketers because for as long as you judge marketers and for as long as you judge people who run ads and for as long as you're judging people's content and stuff you're never going to be able to do it properly yourself because you're afraid of being judged and so when you remove the Judgment of other people's ads and other people's marketing it gives you this sort of weird unwavering confidence because the only thing that was holding you back from puffing your chest up and being loud and clear on these ads was your fear of judgment from other people and the only way you can get rid of your fear of judgment from other people is to stop judging them it is a perfect mirror what goes in must come out that's definitely not the saying but you get my point now next thing is priming what I will do is when I do an ads recording session and I've done dozens of ad I I think i' I've recorded hundreds of hooks like two three hundred hooks at this point and before any ads recording session I will not just record the odd oneoff hook I will batch them where I'll I'll record like five to 10 I recorded 19 hooks the other day in one sitting and what you want to do is you need to get yourself into a perfect emotional state before you record okay and I will do this with a few different things first of all music second of all results and third of all just like I'm just going to say delusion like if you talked to me as like human to human 5 minutes before I was about to record ads you'd think I was on some sort of drug like I I listen to loud music I will listen to like motivational music motivational speeches I will go through every single client result that I've ever got and I will read all my trust pilot reviews I will watch all my testimonial videos I'll just fill myself up to the brim with conviction and then I will just start shouting at myself in the mirror and I know this sounds weird but this is actually this is literally what I do before an hour's recording session is I psych myself up in every way possible with the exclusion of using illegal drugs and I it's it's like then like as soon as I sit down to record the ad it's like bang my energy is there and I'll I'll switch from just being normal child like look I am going to show you exactly how you can get 52 clients in the next 52 like you have to be able to just turn that switch on now I know I might have just verbally assaulted you your senses there and I apologize for that but the point stands is once you've done this enough you can you can just turn the energy on and you're just shouting and screaming and you really can communicate everything you want to communicate right through the ad and just bring your tone up and down and bring people in and just draw them in draw them in draw them in and they will book calls because they know that it works because you have so much confidence after a while you can just turn it on like I just did then but until then you need to Prime yourself so I'm talking motivational music I'm talking motivational speeches I'm talking every result and this is a huge thing when you record the ads smile so you'll see if you watch some of my ads and I start doing this now you're going to notice how my tone just starts picking up I'm I'm just I'm the only thing I've changed is the fact that I'm smiling and I might look like a little bit of a psychopath here but just by turning the the corners of my cheeks up my tone has picked up and now you've picked up with me and when you're communicating an ad you got to imagine you're talking to one person because this is why people get freaked out about cameras and content just imagine that the camera is a person and the best thing to do here and this is what I do every time I make an ad is I pretend I'm talking to myself to my old self what I do is I obviously my business we help marketing agency owners coaches consultants and cor sellers with client acquisition Link in the description if you want to buy my course it works really well but you know I talk to myself so when I'm talking to the camera I imagine I'm talking to me not to anyone else and what I do is I talk to myself as if I'm trying to convince myself to buy Bitcoin in 2008 so I can't remember when Bitcoin was actually released but imagine you're sat down with yourself when you record ads and you have the opportunity to talk to yourself into buying Bitcoin in 2008 so if you put I don't know what the statistics are let's say put a million dollars in Bitcoin in 2008 you'd now be like a multi-billionaire probably that's how you want to try and communicate your offer your product etc etc did you just need to have that much conviction to the point where you just sound a little bit mad you sound a little bit mental because that's what gets people to move because these people like when someone clicks on an ad they are not in a in any way shape or form elevated emotional state they are just on YouTube or on Facebook just scrolling in they're minding their own business just in their standard Baseline emotional state you need to pull them out of that the only thing that that that predicates action is emotion okay it's called emotion as in movement Latin for movement for a reason it's emotional movement right and so you need to bring them up and you need to deliver your ad with as much conviction and confidence and that the easiest way to do that is just imagine you're talking to yourself and you're trying to convince yourself to buy this thing yourself knowing full well that you could get a 100 billion x Roi on the thing the person's buying and that's how I do this is I pretend I'm trying to get myself to buy Bitcoin but just you know by selling courses or something instead right and the next thing when it comes to your ads is you should basically be offer heavy so all of my best ads and all of the ads I've ever run have just been focused on my offer I don't get into any fancy psychological strategies or tactics with my Hooks and my body and my vssl all I do is I focus on the offer and the result and the offer is basically the outcome it's the risk reversal and it's the time frame and what I like to do is I like to create offers where it's it's impossible to say no so you know my offer right now is 52 High ticket clients in 52 weeks or a full refund and a $10,000 wireback for agency owners coach consultants and cor sellers you can't say no to that it's like it's like my my all of my ads are just me saying the offer in just slightly different ways and introducing it and wrapping it up in slightly different ways the offer is the core component and premise and if you're not willing to have some outlandish insane offer then just don't bother running ads cuz it's getting harder cost per call is going up conversion rates are going down it's getting harder to set appointments but the only people that really stand a chance here are the people that have really compelling offers and you know that's the only thing that I do in my ads if you ever watch any of my ads it's just it's it's a little bit of introduction hook offer and that's it now the next thing when you record your ads is you want to do 10 takes and then do another 10 takes you need to memorize The Hook and the script for the ad you're going to have like a 30 to 60c hook maybe sometimes a little bit shorter not as long as not usually as long but you need to memorize that hook and record it as if you're going to post it 10 times once you've done it 10 times in a row without looking at the screen or looking at the script now you're primed to actually make a good ad okay so if I'm recording let's say I I recorded I recorded 19 hooks the other day I think I did across all of those ads combined I think I had like 500 recording files and I I Cherry Picked the best one or two for each hook and it really does take like 15 20 recording attempts of the same hook before you find one that just it just hits different it hits different because you get into this Flow State and you're sort of in this mood and you've just recorded like 11 hooks 12 Hooks and then bang you deliver this thing perfectly with perfect inflection perfect conviction up and down everything's lined up perfectly and you can just do it so that's the thing a lot of people record their ads and they'll just do like 10 they'll do like three takes and be like oh this one will do called like 20 takes and it's going to be like take 17 to 19 that you're really happy with because it's like a little practice like a little repetition thing like you know when you go to the gym and if you know if you if you can deadlift like 100 kilos or you know 200b or 250b you don't just walk into the gym and just start lifting 100 kilos or 250b you do little warm-up reps first you some little warm-up sets and you work your way up to the big one it's no different from recording ads if you try and pull you know that much weight that quickly you're going to do your back out which is the same thing with with making ads as you you don't want to try and get it right the first time because you just won't that's pretty much how to record ads that slap this has made me like I said I mean at this point it's maybe more than 10 million $12 million no like $15 million probably over the last couple of years by running ads and yeah that's pretty much it if you're a marketing agency owner coach consultant or cor seller and you're struggling to get clients and you need help getting more clients and you want a proven system that's worked for more than 3,000 people there's a link in the description you can click it I don't really care if you click it or not but it might help you check it out take care

  Top Comments:
  1. @MartinOtterström [3 likes]: 6:57 Wow wow wow there cowboy!
  2. @tathagatthakur6548 [2 likes]: You hand hold like a big bro 💪🙌
  3. @sourshockz8698 [1 likes]: Make a video on choosing a niche and offer
  4. @jnjack [1 likes]: Iman's play book with the business channel - smart move. great vid charlie.
  5. @darkmoon6383 [1 likes]: FIRE. Random question - I just got an iPad, anyone know the app to do whiteboard stuff like this??
  6. @SjoerdBijleveld3333 [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing Charlie. Seems a bit like the work of Neville Goddard. ( living from the state of the wish fulfilled) You might enjoy Bashar ( Darryl anka)
  7. @aleksetting [1 likes]: Bang on bro! Any chance you can record something similar on your YouTube video creation process? These are gold 🦍
  8. @charliemorganbusiness: Wanna work with me 1-1 to scale to $1M per month? - https://go.imperiumacquisition.com/imperium-mastermind

Let me place a 7-figure CEO into your business to work 1:1 with you to get to $100k/mo (if you don’t get results you don’t pay): https://www.theimperiumagency.com/ia-growth-call?el=HowToMakeAdsThatSlapForInfoAgencyOffers
  9. @Jimjones543-s9z: Real maverick!
  10. @matteofari1957: Hey Charlie, I know it's off topic but can you tell me if you are still using Skype call prospectsa, since skype doesn't sell numbers anymore
  11. @platonismovingtothetop: what a fucking G
  12. @LucasHerceg: Sick! This helps me so much
  13. @muzzbhatti: Hey guys, meta doesn't let you see more than 10-15 Ads when you search for your niche in the search tab.
Previously you could scroll and see hundreds of Ads.
Is it just me, or are you facing the same issue?
  14. @slavery228: W Charlie
  15. @Michael2SS: Thank you, Charlie
  16. @danisenco: Awesome! Thanks charlie. You're the goat!!!

- How to 10X Your Facebook Ads with This Simple 3-Step Strategy #facebookads: Kind: captions Language: en This is the only campaign you will need to launch your FB ads or your ads in this video I will share with you a simple Facebook ads strategy that can help you 10x or 20x your results on Facebook ads We will be using an AI tool and the resources that you should know and use when doing Facebook ads we will talk about is the strategy so in Facebook ads there are many strategies that will tell you SAO when it comes to scaling strategy step by step that you can watch on YouTube There are many of them and I also have many videos available on YouTube but the strategy that I will share with you is I Believe you did not know before or the first time you heard or maybe you have already done it but this one is my new approach on scaling my ads personally and with my clients from 10,000 to 100 TH a day more than before So the strategy that I will share with you here in our training strategy So basically the first thing we will talk about here is You need to identify Who are your competitors there are many advertisers that they do not They consider that they don't want to engage with them, they don't want to study their competitors and Did you know that for your Facebook ads to work, competitor research or market research is one of the best strategies for you to know and validate whether the paid ads you are going to do will be successful? So here you need to have market research, so market research or competitor research number two, let's talk about it here, I'll share the tool called the ad library number three, the f ads structure, even if your ads are new, you can use this structure, and this structure is designed so that you're ready if you sell later on. Okay, so is that okay with you? So let's do this, let's talk about it. So the first thing we're going to do is study who your competitors are. So you need to identify, you should know your competitors. Let's say for example, first, you'll see one of my ads here. So I will be running multiple ads, multiple campaigns, multiple ad accounts, and as you can see here, in an ad account that I manage, that's February 4. You'll see the spent here. That's 63, so we're like that. eager when it comes to FB ads one of the things I'm going to teach you is the structures So you need to watch this video until the end so that's new here let's go to the competitor I will be using chat gpt and deep seck you're not familiar with deep seck this is the new ai So basically they are the same tool but let's compare which is better so here I will give you a prompt no prompt meaning This is the request that we will give or instructions that we will give to chat gpt so this prompt is just peace here on dips write me a list of my top 30 competitors for this brand Okay let's say 20 Okay that's a brand Here we go let's just copy-paste dph and then I'll put the website here Then I'll submit it so the same here with deep seek so they are the same they will generate That's okay not available search It's okay okay big brands global recognition powerhouse Nike Adidas Puma under armor Rebook new balance sketchers Okay great great so Here is the number for chat gpt 20 is Decathlon Philippines dips is his number 20 is active fan Philippines athlete and Titan 22 and so on so they are different from what was given but um It's not far apart so there is also a description of dips global leader nice leader in sportswear with a strong digital Presence with with extensive Facebook ads campaign It's not that Nik philippines so this seems okay because you already know your top competitor brands you will find out what your competitors are doing because it's important that you know their approach so you have a clue because what they are doing is validated and They are the ones with big budgets in paid ads meaning if you run ads Do you have an idea or clue What are the types of ads they are doing toyota.com.ph so let's copy the link There I will also show you what you will do here is just edit change send then The same goes for chat gpt okay any of these two chat gpt or deeps you are using no problem what they gave is okay too um research top 20 competitors Toyota Mitsubishi Honda you put yourself in your other competitors so you have competitor research so it's better if your competitors have a website because you can study the nice 18 byds here so let's see search let's Mitsubishi Motors Philippines or Mitsubishi Okay let's see 99 O and majority here what are these Agents no So you will see here they have ads there Okay same type of ad but Yeah Look for something that will make you stop there in the ads but this one is Mitsubishi Motor Philippines it seems like their own campaign so Okay also their campaign that's what I want nice nice this one is video okay to video when There is L300 okay so most of here are just images these are ads managers Okay seller pages now You have an idea where to find the best ads here on Facebook and also a way to know that paid ads are working it depends it depends how long ago the ads this one was posted because it was posted here February 3 meaning yesterday because February 4 now just chatting That's impression date almost Uh one month running so total active times in 2 hours is platform here in Pababa That's January 23 so I mean need to say when this ad is running he's running for 2 weeks to 1 month or more than that It means his ads are effective because he's not killing his ads like he's working So that's one of the strategies where you can validate if the ad is running or effective when it's been running for multiple months more than one month that's ranking if you see an ad that's been running for one year that's great because the ad he created is very effective So that's one tip now What is the strategy when I run ads what's called FB ads structure so in FB ads structure what we'll do here in the ad account I'll show SAO Okay let 's create a camp here in the ad and then It depends on the ad you're using if you're engagement you can use it in engagement going to send message if sales then sales so let's say engagement you click on the continue manual engagement campaign then Here we go So now what you'll do is create multiple campaigns let's assume you're new to ads and it's your first time running ads you're also your first time exploring ads manager so all you need to do is create three add campaigns So basically our first campaign to do is You need to create a campaign called scaling Okay scaling campaign So the scale campaign means this is where all your performing ads will go So I won't go into SAO how to set up ads manager how to create as long as the Goal is all your performing ads that are working will go here Okay so another one we'll create another ad or campaign where you'll call it a testing campaign basically the campaign is this is where you'll put the ads that you want to run So by the way what are we doing cbo or non cbo it works because your campaign will test those ads So this one is where you'll panic and put that in the scaling campaign so you get that So what's the last structure now You should have a retargeting campaign, so coach. What is a retargeting campaign? Retargeting campaign is your ad campaign or ad set that you will launch where you only show it to people who have watched the video on your page that can go to your website and by creating an audience, so that's your custom audience. So basically this strategy is When we look back at that campaign, it means the structure. When we look back at that structure, this is the structure that will help you. So, is it better for your ads that are working and those that are not working? When in the testing campaign, let's say that one of your ad sets is performing and the status of your ad is good and the performance is good, what you will do there is that you are your idli. By the way, I can't date him because this ad account that we demoed is unsettled, but basically you will take him and that's what you will put in the scaling campaign. Okay, so you get all the ads that will give good performance or good results, you will put them in the scaling campaign. All right, does that get there? So meaning to say that the structure is We talked about how you can organize your ads faster and now you won't have a hard time scaling and don't worry about scaling, just test all your campaigns, make sure to run multiple campaigns. The more ads, the better. The ones that will work, the ad sets, the ones you add in your testing. Move them to the scaling campaign. Once they're in the scaling campaign, what you'll do is increase the budget. It can be gradual or you can also increase your budget right away. So basically, in 2025, there's a lot of changes when it comes to FB ads. Previously, it worked. You really had to increase the budget slowly. But now, we've noticed that even though we increase the budget quickly, we still maintain the cost. Now, you have to send a Benchmark. The benchmark you set suddenly dropped, meaning you stop scaling. But when you see that your scaling is going on every day, it's stable. You just keep scaling. meaning Facebook gives you good conversion So that 's that's the strategy of doing FB ads So if we go back to market research this one we did research earlier and then we used the FB ad library tool that's free and next is the FB ads structure what is the fbads structure that I showed you earlier fbads structure where you will first create three 1 2 3 campaigns so those three campaigns are testing Okay retargeting retargeting no problem even um It won't be consecutive and then this one is the scaling That's so by creating multiple campaigns per offer or product or for a client this is the only campaign you will need to launch His FB ads or your ads testing campaign retargeting campaign can't be lost It's a pity the traffic or those who showed interest and the scaling campaign already so hopefully the short video helped SAO and If you got a lot of tips and value any questions feel free to comment below this video and I'm so happy to answer your questions this is coach J See you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @JayGregorio [6 likes]: Facebook Ads Group For Pinoy Media Buyers - With FREE Video Tutorials. https://bit.ly/pinoymediabuyers
  2. @journeywithGandM [4 likes]: Super Generous at effective  ng mga tutorials mo. God Bless you more 😊
  3. @EarlHeteroza [2 likes]: Thanks coach for more tips to how can run this ads
  4. @juleiangelicaandes9932 [1 likes]: thank you for the tutorials
  5. @wmesprotector.since2023 [1 likes]: Thank you
  6. @jfdavao6400: HELLO sir new follower here .. so informative vblog mo <3
  7. @eggxecution: great!
  8. @keyboarding88: how
  9. @mariasophiafrancisco122: upskilling as content associate
  10. @TheGreatTraveler: How much po kapag testing?
  11. @khelvin199: Coach, how to run ads live selling?
  12. @wellness753: Salamat coach
  13. @KENSVENGaming: Ano po link para ma search mga ibang ads?
  14. @romarcarpio9012: You mean sir tatlo kailangan mong iboost na post ko for Scaling, Retargeting and testing?
  15. @nextgenrevenueaccelarator: Thankyou sir ja5
  16. @MarcelinoDulay-m4q: hello, pano ka po ma contact in private po .. thank u po
  17. @cresaljhaymaguray4699: Yung mga naka ads ba sa isang ad account mo sir is iisang niche?
  18. @JovenScottie1993: Good day sir 
Need paba pumili sa special ad category or ok lng kht Dina pumili bsta nka on
  19. @SwedyAlkobi: Paano.po yung A/B testing?
  20. @reymondelopre7830: Dko po gets ung ilalagay sa scaling campaign. Paano po?

- Agency Owner REACTS to BAD CAR DEALERSHIP Facebook Ads in 2020 // Common mistakes to avoid: Kind: captions Language: en um they're running just this 2017 all-new Chevrolet bolt I don't think they've they've updated this in a while I hope they're it looks like it's still active Jesus that's that's that's terrible that's uh that's ad dollars down the drain there [Music] [Applause] what's going on dealers it is Sam from shape-shift back at it again with another video today I have a juicy juicy video for you almost as juicy as this chicken sandwich I'm going to take you behind the scenes you're gonna be a fly on the wall as I talk with my sales team about Facebook ad campaign what people are doing right what people are doing wrong more importantly why Facebook Ads just isn't working for most dealers out there and what you can learn from it let's get into the video so let me show you some examples I'll show you some here and we'll actually jump into the aspirin and go over some examples live but what I typically see is one eye there one either they're not doing Facebook ads at all if they are doing it there they're running a generic ad right where they're just showing a stock photo usually just take someone to the home page or like a general search results page where there's hundreds of vehicles and that the the customer is supposed to just go through and browse and look for their inventory which usually they don't do it usually they just bounce that out after that the ad on the right is pretty common when the dealerships are running inventory ads they're not doing it correctly they're not targeting anyone in particular so they're running you know this sedan truck SUV and a minivan all in the same ad all in the same ad carousel and they're targeting the same person so this is kind of like the old newspaper way of advertising where you kind of just throw in all your inventory out there and you're hoping the right vehicle lands on the right person right but on Facebook you can do a lot better than that you can actually show someone who's looking for a truck with just trucks and make it really relevant to that specific customer and then show someone who's looking for say a coupe with like your Ford Mustangs and your other convertibles and things like that so let's actually hold off on this and jump into the ads library do you guys have like a dealership you want to take a look at that I can kind of deep dive okay so let's take a look at Stevens Creek Honda looks like they running some ads here that drive traffic so so how you know it's a traffic at it usually it says shop now that's a big indicator that's a traffic at elite generation ad which I'll show you later lead generation ad will have a call to action like schedule now or book now or get quote or something like that so right off the bat I'm seeing they're only running traffic ads which is only half of an effective Facebook strategy there's no coming back to them and trying to generate the lead they're just driving traffic so let's jump into this ad carousel here looks like this ad is for some it looks kind of mixed its I see a an SUV here Honda Passport and this is a new vehicle five miles so it's probably a new vehicle I think this vehicle here is a used 2017 Honda Civic so these two these two vehicles alone the customer would be very different right ones looking for a used sedan one's looking for a brand new SUV so this is not set up correctly because they're just hoping this person just Scrolls through and finds the vehicle that they're looking for well they're not going to do that if you don't show them relevant give vehicles they're probably just gonna scroll past your ad so that's one mistake I see here let's jump into here this looks like a buy used and so this is just a big on yeah say big on our entire collection or entire selection of new and pre-owned so they are doing new and pre-owned and all body styles in the same app pretty much their entire inventory is here and it's again it's not targeted at all so it's just makes it very tedious for the customer to scroll through 300 vehicles to find the ones that are relevant to them that's not gonna happen they're probably on this just scroll past is at and the second thing is there's there's no lead generation so let's jump it to another dealership you guys have another one so let's see here Newport Lexus they're running some stock photos this ad here is it looks like they're just advertising all of their new models right with a specific offer or yes specific models they have again it's a mixed carousel they're basically just highlighting five vehicle specials that they want to highlight this is not even like a of their entire inventory or their inventory feed so this dealership isn't even using a an inventory feed so how you can tell is if you see something like this where it's a split screen here this is actually a manual ad so this person is uploading this photo and entering this information they're uploading this photo entering this information there's only five vehicles in this carousel let me go back to this other one how you can tell it's a dynamic inventory ad is one it's going to show one vehicle on here and when you click into it this is when it shows the other vehicles so if you see this this is a dynamic inventory and this carousel could have anywhere from 10 to 50 vehicles the ass library is only going to show you a preview of the first six but at least we know that this dealership is running an inventory feed to their ads this other one here Lexus of Newport actually isn't even integrating their inventory feed at all they're just doing a manual process of highlighting specific vehicles and they're going to have to take that ad down and replace it manually when they have a new special to show so it's not not fast and it's not seamless but what what they can improve with this store is they're not integrating their inventory feed and they're not doing any type of lead generation as they're just driving traffic alright do you guys want to do another dealership Boulder Nissan okay so boner Nissan they're highlighting this stock photo this little special here they're doing a lead generation ad off of this so you can tell if we didn't generation because when you click there's going to be something called additional assets and then when you click on it you can actually see what what information they're asking the customer so this is how you know this is a lead generation ad so they're doing a lead generation ad on a special not not very specific it's just of a special and let's see this inventory ad here this is a for pre-owned and they're running all pre owned units it looks like yeah all pre owned units in the same carousel and they're only doing traffic so this is an incomplete strategy right you can see for use inventory they're driving traffic only and then for new inventory they're they're driving leads only it's not not not a very good process and the lead will be much better when you're actually driving a lead towards a specific vendor specific color or specific trim and not just a general stock photo so while we're on this before we jump into no douche if I want to I want to give you another example is you can see there's only three ad variations for this dealer here let me actually pull up try to pull up one of our own dealers let's let's look at Dan diri the owner for example so you can see I mean and this this thing is not going to show all the ads right it's a preview tool so it's not gonna pull up all the ads but Dan Deere Toyota has 95 ad variations and the reason for that is we get very specific right if we're doing a new SUV or a new Toyota 4runner we have an ad just with all their Toyota 4runner targeted to people who are likely to get or likely to buy a Toyota 4runner if we're doing Toyota Corolla same thing all total Corollas in one carousel and this is the ugly inventory it's not a stock photo and then they also have ads for use where if it's you know like they use SUV will have all their use SUVs and then we do a combination of lead ads traffic ads will have different call to actions some of them are like get payments some of them are scheduled test drive and when you make your ad when you have this many ad variances and you make your ad specific that's when it works really well because it's gonna go find the right right customer and target them with the ad that they would be interested in and you're not kind of just blanking everyone with one ad that's not interesting to anyone in particular right when you go after everyone you go after no one so you're gonna have to make your ads specific all right so let's let's do one more sit this jacket Jackson Acker or Acura of Jackson so good news Jax Jackson a curry isn't even running any ads so that's that's pretty much easy it's it's uh solved all for the taking there I would say you said as preview tool it's not like the hundred percent truth sometimes you know the as Larry gets a little bit outdated and then obviously it's not going to show all ads so it's it's a good a good starting point for a conversation but don't expect it to be just live and up-to-date okay so Tracy Chevrolet against probably another another easy one pair of running just this 2017 all new Chevrolet bolt I don't think they've they've updated this in a while I don't think this car is new anymore I hope they're it looks like it's still active Jesus that's that's down the drain there let's see where this goes so I just want to point out this this ad actually just goes to like this general inventory page so not doing anyone any favors yeah that's what I was talking about it sometimes that the they don't even go to the vehicle they're advertising let's see here they're running Spanish ads that's good this looks like a video taking someone to a an SRP of everything so not a good landing page but they're doing Spanish ads that's that's a plus we can do it by the way we can we can do Spanish ads as well Korean ads whatever you want to do you know these are very easy as a setup you upload a photo you throw a link on there you type some ads and that's why sometimes they'll just be like the marketing in-house person that that things they can do Facebook ads or it's like some type of agency that doesn't specialize in car dealership ads and they'll just throw up with generic ad here here's here's the thing is like a lot of agencies actually don't even under don't even have the technology to integrate an inventory feed because what you have to do is you have to pull the inventory feed right from the feed provider set up an FTP process the feed format it to Facebook upload it to the right Facebook format and then create your ads from there a lot of issues don't even have that technology just adding to that you know I was talking to a dealership the other day he had some carousel ads that were integrating inventory but his agency told him we can't do the same ads that DRI leads to your CRM but he's there like it's not possible and I tell them it absolutely is possible what are they talking about and here's the second piece of technology is when you do lead generation ads you have to download a excel file from Facebook and that's how you pull your leaves right so the other part of technology is we actually pull that automatically every time a lead comes in and we convert that to a ADF XML format and we send that to the CRM so it's seamless it's not someone downloading a spreadsheet and emailing until the dealer because they don't have the technology to format that to a CRM so there's two parts of this to valuable pieces of technology that most agencies don't even have you guys kind of get it now you know we've looked at a few the the main thing is one stock photos not even integrating the inventory to their doing inventory they're just gentle lumping everything into one carousel they have like to add variations and then the third thing is they're not running it type of lead generation a door or follow-up or anything like that so if you made it to the end of the video and you found any tidbit of information useful give this video a thumbs up did you find any piece of information here as juicy as the chicken sandwich in the beginning of the video let me know in the comments below if you haven't already subscribe to the channel join the pack there's a lot more information coming your way I would talk to you in the next video and until next time see ya

  Top Comments:
  1. @gordilugo2776 [2 likes]: Yes if your downloading every lead from facebook you are doing unnecessary extra work. Use an app called "Zapier" to integrate with Facebook that will send you the lead info to your phone, crm etc everytime a lead comes in.
  2. @shapeshiftgroup: Was the info or chicken sandwich juicier?
  3. @robertsr.9714: What if your car dealership is located in the area where population is just around 50k people? Do you still try to target specific Facebook users adding more criteria or you just leave it without any more specifications?
  4. @ambig1n: What tool/ webpage are you using to check this up?
  5. @speechlessmoment1668: Needed this ! I just was hired as internet sales manager and I’m preaching the same concepts
  6. @5710fpilot: Do you guys just handle franchise stores? Or do you also dabble with subprime heavy independents?? Looking for my store...🤘🤘
  7. @mikebloom1727: Thank for the video! What it the website where you can watch all the competitors adds?
  8. @ianhornby8005: great content !! thankyou.
  9. @julioa3185: Thank You for showing this video i will use some ideas on my Facebook campaign
  10. @mikaeltona: Thanks for showing this! Do you select special ad category when running ads for used car dealers? I guess you do for new car dealers. Hope to hear from you!
  11. @kfergus3662: Their misleading and should be fined by BBB

- Is Advantage+ Audience RUINING Your Facebook Ads in 2026?: Kind: captions Language: en Should you turn off Advantage Plus audiences in your Facebook ads? Well, I just spent $2,500 testing this and I'm going to share with you guys exactly what I found so we can answer this question once and for all. And the results might surprise you. So, let's just jump in and talk about it. All right, so we are here in my ad account and I'm going to share with you guys how I set this up. But from a highle overview, I set up one campaign or two separate campaigns. Okay, campaign number one which has an advantage plus audience in it. And then I have campaign number two which is just a broad campaign. Now for all the ads that I run I typically just stay with broad. It reduces the amount of complexity in the ad account. So again one is just broad with that has tight age ranges. One of them is a vantage plus that's also broad. Okay. Now inside of this I kept the same exact ad inside. Okay. So I made no different changes. Same exact copy, same exact image. It's just an image ad. Okay. Nothing different. The only difference was how I set up the adsets. So before I give you guys the results, let's just talk about what Advantage Plus audiences is, okay? And when this was released, this was released about a year and a half, two years ago, and it was uh one of Meta's ways to, hey, we're going to start to go further than the audience you give us, and we're going to use our artificial intelligence to find the right people for your ads. Okay, so this happened, and then, you know, six months later, Andromeda happened. And the big message with Andromeda is the creative does the targeting. My question was okay well if the creative does the targeting does the adset advantage plus audience matter or not? Like does this also help with the algorithm? That was my initial question I had because a lot of people in 2025 were saying hey just do broad don't do advantage plus. Then in 2026 everybody is saying leave advantage plus on and just send the best pixel data back. So, it left me thinking, well, what's the best way to do it? So, I went ahead and made this test and I'm going to give you guys the results that I got after just testing this with 2500 bucks, right? Ready? So, let's jump in. Okay, so coming back to this here again, I have two different campaigns, one ad set in each campaign. And let me show you how I set this test up before I I go through the results. So, this one with Advantage Plus on, I did put value rules on this. And the reason I used value rules was because this will allow this to be a fair test. If I didn't and I had set age parameters that are very strict in the broad campaign, typically I advertise to 25 to 45 year olds. That's like my ideal avatar. So that is what the broad campaign is set up as. So we can kind of scroll down and I'll I'll do that one first. But you'll see advantage plus audience over here is turned off. To get to this settings, there's typically a button here on the advantage plus that will say click here to further limit the reach of your ads. So, I clicked on that, which used to say, do you want to use the original audience settings? Now, they've used the verbiage of this is going to limit your performance of your ads. And I went in here, all right, for the broad campaign, and I set a strict age parameter. I turned off use as a suggestion, okay? Because if you don't, like if I just turn this thing on here, advantage plus is on. Okay? So, if you didn't know that, just turn this off and that's what's going to turn off advantage plus in your campaigns. Okay? And then in the other one, because I didn't have that, I didn't want to suggest an audience. That's silly. But you can set more direction of like spending with the value rules. So I came over here in the value rules and I set a value rule. So what this does is this will decrease my bid because Facebook is a bidding auction platform. It'll decrease the bid how much it'll I'm willing to pay for anybody outside of the age range of 25 to 45. Right? So, if they're 18 to 24 or they are 45 and above, I'm going to decrease the bid by 90%. I'm 90% less likely. Do not put put my money in front of these people unless you are 100% sure they're going to convert. Okay, so that's how I set these two adsets up. Now, let's look at the results. Okay, so we spent $1,284 about $1,285 on the advantage plus and then with the broad campaign I spent $1,280. All right, and now drum roll results. They're pretty much the same. Okay, there is pretty much no significant difference between these two. Okay, and this was actually surprising to me. I thought the advantage plus audience with value rules would outperform the broad campaign, but for the event that I'm optimizing for, there was no significant change. Okay, look at the difference. There was one person that converted more uh on the broad campaign. Now, let's kind of keep going into the more of the data to see was there anything else that was affected. CPMs, this is how much it costs you to put this ad in front of a thousand people. It was about the same. Okay, a little bit more expensive for broad and a little less expensive for Advantage Plus. But looking at this, this is not significantly different. Okay, the cost to be put in front of a thousand accounts, this could be shown to more people, etc. or the same person over and over again. And this is like unique people. It's pretty much the same. Okay, so all these numbers look the same. The frequency was a little bit higher on Advantage Plus than broad. And that's because it did do a little bit more retargeting. I mean, not a ton. If we want to walk go through the breakdowns, I set this campaign up as a sales campaign even though it's a lead campaign because it would allow me to see how much money was spent between engaged users, existing customers, and new audiences. This is set by me. And you can, if you are an advertiser, you can set that in the advertising settings. And engaged audience is anybody that's been to my website in the last I think it's 180 to 365 days. I'm not sure, but the last 6 to 12 months have they been to my website? And you can see Advantage Plus did have a little bit more spending there, right? about $25 more, which people have been saying, "Oh, yeah, you're going to get a lot of retargeting with Advantage Plus audiences." Well, looking at this now, regardless of what you do, you're going to get a decent amount of retargeting. About a third of my budget on both of these campaigns went to retargeting. Okay? So, even if you go broad, you're going to get retargeting. How I set this up, this might be a little advanced, but for those who are into the weeds like me, I have the first click Cappy imports is passed back into the ad account. So, I'm optimizing these ads based off of new leads, not like who who click on the ad the first time and uh become a lead. So, this is optimized for new leads, but again, it's still going to be getting in front of engaged audience, which is uh people who are already existing in my network. Okay, so let's keep coming down the results. Click rate was a little bit higher on broad, but again, not significantly different. Maybe 25 cent different cost per click, but nothing super significant. Okay, so right out the gate, I'm gonna just, you know, say this. I don't think it matters. I think if you use Advantage Plus with value rules or you go broad, I don't think it matters. I think post Andromeda, the thing that does the targeting is the creative. And we can see that just by this campaign structure here, right? We are limited. You could say, "Hey Matt, well, what if I put a lookalike audience in one of these and had a very tight age range and I did a lookalike with Vantage Plus?" I imagine that the Advantage Plus would win because it's going to go well beyond that. And Facebook is encouraging us to spend money on a broader audiences. So for me, I always use broad campaigns in my ad account and the clients I work with unless we're doing DM ads or you know follower ads. I I will often experiment with lookike audiences, interest sacks, etc. because quality matters there and we can't yet uh say yet optimize for qualified leads or qualified DMs. I may have found a way to use copy imports with DMs. We'll see. We'll see. So, but uh we'll wait on that. Okay. So, first glance, it doesn't matter. Make better ads. Now, second thing I want to show, we're going to go in a little bit more advanced data. So, if that's all you need to hear, cool. You can you can stop watching the video. If you guys want to go into some more nitty-gritty weeds with me, let's keep going. So, this event that I optimize for here is for complete registration. And this means qualified leads. So, anybody who's coming in through this funnel, they go to my website and they have to answer a question before they opt in. Are you making at least 5K per month? So, you're not a beginner. Well, you're still beginner 5K a month, but you know, you're not like, I don't have any clients. And then, can you invest at least a thousand bucks a month? And if they say yes to that, that's what fires this qualified events. Okay, so that means we still have some people who opted in who were not a qualified lead. So, let's just look at that. Okay, and I use Hyro as my plugin for ad data. So, I'm going to go ahead and make this bigger. So, in total, so hopefully you guys can see my 71 column over here. So, again, these are the qualified leads. There was 71 qualified that came from advantage plus 72 from broad. Total number of leads was 147. So about half of them were qualified. It's pretty good. And then from the broad about 159 came in. So we got more leads and actually were lower quality relative to the percentage that came in. And then uh this is new leads. So this is the first time they ever entered their information into the system. Again I optimize for this. The results column over here again is for qualified leads and it's firstclick attribution. That means that this is the first ad that they clicked that got them into the ecosystem. That's what I'm optimizing my ads for. Okay. So, we got more leads essentially from the broad campaign, but the quality uh technically was worse if we look at the percentage, but again, it's so significantly not different uh at all. Like it it to me I'm still going to go broad. Now, you also see in here, you'll be like, "Well, Matt, it looks like you got some calls booked too with the Advantage Plus or with Abroad. More than Advantage Plus." Yeah, sure. I got four calls booked. This event, this is for a free miniourse. Most of the people will not book within the first seven to 14 days. They'll often book about two to three months after some being 6 months plus. So, this campaign or this funnel is a very long-term nurture funnel. It's not meant to get calls. I mean, if we get calls, great, but it's not designed for that on the front end. So, we did get four calls that came from the broad audience, and only one of those was quality. With the Advantage Plus, it had one call, zero qualified calls. And again, you might like, well, Matt, that's got four more calls. Why wouldn't we just optimize for this? I wouldn't do this. Like, it's just going to make it so much harder for you. Again, it doesn't matter if it's broad or advantage plus. But whatever event you want, that's what you should optimize the ads for. So, for me, I wanted for this one, for this test, complete registration. So, I wanted qualified leads. If I had changed this for, hey, I want booked calls. The numbers may look a little different. But again, what I'm I'm trying to get across is I don't want you to think, oh, this got more calls, this must be better. It got more leads. It must be better. No, that's not necessarily the case. It's not significant. And then two, the event that I'm optimizing for is for qualified leads. Okay, so really cool uh data. I I was really excited to test this. And you know what I would like to know is if you guys want any other me to test any more things, let me know. Okay, like you can drop this in the comments below. Like, dude, this was super cool. Like, you spent $2,500 to test this. You know what else would be really cool to test is this. Like, let me know cuz this was a really fun video for me to create cuz I got to learn from it, too. All right, but end of the day, if you guys watch this, the question is, will Advantage Plus ruin my ad accounts? The answer is no. Okay, the biggest thing that you can do right now post Andromeda in this age is optimize for the right events and make ads that call out your ideal avatar. your ads today. Do the targeting. Okay? And that's shown just by Advantage Plus verse broad. All right? So, that's all I got for today, guys. Hope you guys enjoy this. If you like videos like this, smash the subscribe button for more videos and we'll talk soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @zeeshanzeeshan1149 [1 likes]: very educational.thanks. what would you say if it comes to a new pixel? still go with ADV?
  2. @TaylorWhittier-k7f [1 likes]: Can you also do advantage plus creative and advantage plus placements
  3. @thefreedomethod [1 likes]: Did retargetting changed? no longer works to do 120 day engagement,...
  4. @bethanamuneeswar7057 [1 likes]: You are the person really good in showing the actual real world stuffs in advertising
  5. @hanee012 [1 likes]: Hi Matt,
Thanks so much for sharing your insights—I just subscribed to your channel.
Quick question: did you compare results by age group, and were both campaigns spending roughly the same amount across those segments?
I run an online clothing store and use UGC from women in their 20s. When I turn on Advantage+ targeting, Meta ends up delivering more impressions to the 55–65+ age group instead of my core audience (ages 22–45). 
While the styles aren’t really designed for that demographic, they are converting, which makes me wonder whether my situation should be handled differently than yours.
  6. @LifeHacker8 [1 likes]: Why value rules? Why not in pure ADV+ let creatives decide the right ages. After all that’s the whole point if ADV+ as per Meta 😅
  7. @TaiwoMaryifeoluwapo: Cool!
Is running ads directly from Instagram (not boosting post) more effective than running from Meta ads?
  8. @polak3015: But you didn't do a straight up comparison because you changed how much you're willing to spend on certain audiences. A proper test would have been leaving it in its default state.
  9. @denisthetuna: What about the age frame the ad was shown to ? also same? the both ads was shown to the age you want or they are different ?
  10. @ok373737: You did the best possible A/B test with your budget. BUT 71/72 conversions per variant is not enough. 
We'll need probably a few thousands of conversion per variants to reach statistical significance .
  11. @pedrosoares7139: That was VERY helpful. Thanks!
  12. @chrismurrrrphy: Great Value as always here Matt!
  13. @lena_ai21: For anyone interested in creating promotional videos for their products using artificial intelligence, I'll guide you to a platform that produces any video, in any style and language you want, in just two minutes. The link is in my bio
  14. @Insightful_Pipe_MCP_Connectors: Legend
  15. @nguyenngockhanh43: Great video. This was awesome. Thank you Dr. Matt:face-red-heart-shape:
  16. @MC1-z9j: Hey, Matt. Thanks for doing the experiment and video. I'm running a CBO for purchase conversions (clothing brand) and haven't been able to turn off Adv+ Audience since some time last year. When I click off "use as a suggestion" Adv+ On is still in the corner - any ideas? Do you think it matters for this type of campaign? Thanks!
  17. @GuaranteedPPC: Advantage+ works particularly well in 1) Large niches 2) Where you have a good strong set of traffic going to your site already that converts from what we have found at our firm.
  18. @teachloop-in: Hi matt awsome video as always, i had an issue is that i have a qualification form on the LP before making a lead to book the call, but the leads fill it incorrectly, they get technically qualified, and Pixles fires and it becomes a vicious cycle of junk leads. any soluiton?
  19. @kapilvirani: I know you use GHL to send data back to Facebook using CAPI. What do when you're using a different LMS like Kajabi?
  20. @newtrendcomputernetworksllc: Great video — insightful and engaging. Really appreciated the value shared here. Thanks for posting content that teaches and inspires

- How To Build Facebook Ads That Resonate With The Consumer: Kind: captions Language: en how to make your ads resonate more with your ideal audience what's going on guys welcome back to the channel and today we're gonna be talking about how to make your ads resonate better with your ideal audience it's going to dig deeper into more of the psychology consumer psychology identity and a little bit more about creative planning in this particular video but what the ultimate goal of this in the video is that we're going to dive deeper into the components of your creative and what specific imagery you're using in it that is going to resonate better with your ideal consumer and also increase the perceived value of how people position your brand in their mind and if you're new to the channel my name is Nick tario I make all of these videos completely for free with you guys I have no course or anything like that try to give you guys as full 100 transparency of what's working for us and everything like that with the only catches is our goal is to help you scale your business and once you get to the point where you can't do this yourself click link below so book call with me my team and we'll come into your business and will help you scale from 50 to 100 km off all the way up to a 1 million dollars per month in Revenue that being said let's dive into the video okay so today we'll be talking about identity and again identity comes down to the identification you are selling to people okay if your consumer doesn't identify with your brand through their creatives this will play a massive part in the performance for your business so if they don't it's going to decrease performance if they do they resonate better with it it will increase the perceived value of your business also help them resonate better and also increase your performance inside of your ad account okay now this is definitely more of a higher tier I will warn you guys this is a higher tier level of advertising and something more I'm kind of experiencing with of what I can bring to this channel so first thing I want to do before we go into identity is I want to show you guys this commercial okay this is by Lamborghini and it's basically the whole thing that says take all your souls to drive okay and and with this particular commercial does is that it goes through in basically calls out their ideal customer of how their ideal customer wants to be perceived to the public okay now this is where identity starts to play a catch okay because when you buy something okay when you buy something you are reinforcing a specific character trait or achievement trait in your life okay so think about it like this you know you go get a new job way higher pay and all of a sudden you're eating at fancier restaurants okay and it's not necessarily the food is why you're buying it you're buying it because you can and because it shows your higher level status and you want to communicate that to the outside world is that hey I've achieved amazing success and here's all the cool stuff I can buy and show it off to people okay character traits though on the other hand is a little bit more about specific things so that's more represents the personality of the consumer okay so for example let's say if I want to be thought of as smarter okay then I will go ahead and read a bunch of books to become smarter now all of a sudden conversations people can be like wow Nick you're getting smart and that's going to reinforce an identity that I am seeking to master okay so what's cool about this video is that it called out specific character traits okay and you know it talks about like basically being good with women being mysterious serious being adventurous being you know a bunch of rich people [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because they're selling Lamborghini and it honestly speaks well to me because a lot of these character traits I personally am look at mastering as well and this really calls and capitalizes that hey if I drive a Lambo this reinforces that identity okay so I want to dig deeper into this and we're going to go down into what identification is so everyone is longing for identification okay everyone wants to be you know identify with something okay so when there is zero price if I take two Brands okay so let's say for example you know this brand right here is selling Facebook ads this brand right here selling Facebook ads both identical agencies selling the same product same service same price point and the one that ultimately the person will choose is the one that they have a better identification with this one pushes a lot of luxury and you know blowing money and like get rich this one's more you know environment friendly pushing for greener things like that okay and if I'm more Earth conscious I'll go with this particular agency if I'm more flashy and show off I'm gonna go with this particular agency okay so that's where I identify education comes in play okay and your goal is to identify the ones that your prospect values the most and put a spotlight on it okay so for example in this Lamborghini ad right here if obviously they did the research to figure out what specific traits of the consumer that they put a lot of value on and due to that they putting a lot of value on they laid them all out and they basically communicated a message that this type of person drives a Lamborghini so ultimately if I want to reinforce those character traits I need to go buy a Lamborghini and this is the type of person I kind of look at myself as now okay and again there's two identity roles there's character and achievement so I want to go further into these specific roles so again character is part of your personality okay it's part of the personality of the prospect let's go look at some of these right here okay let's go through you know um it starts off with how would I describe them in three words okay cool so we're kind of communicating how we would describe our consumer courageous indominal you know wild let's see what's the next one a prince so these are specific character traits that I want to be recognized with if you know again that's that's Lamborghini did a research and figured out hey a lot of our consumers recognize with these specific traits let's call them out as part of their personality and let's push the fact that they sell Lamborghini or they buy a Lamborghini and there's three different ways to also call this out so I can buy a personal development book to be thought of as someone that works on themselves and is smart Okay so the action of buying the book and reading the book makes me smarter and things like that that reinforces a specific character trait about me I can simplify condense or speed up that process to result so say for example if I want to be smarter then I can sell someone a speed reading course they wish to identify with as someone who is smarter and I guess I'm a speed reading of course to read all our books that they just bought to speed up that process to result of being smarter next one is symbol of role so for example even in like my house my apartment are here is that I have a bookshelf in here when people walk in and they can see all these personal development books I've read okay at first I didn't really recognize why I wanted to show them all off but now I look at it as hey I want to show people off a particular personality trait of me that I'm just that I'm a smart I'm working on myself that you know it's it's all personal development books and getting it better and proving myself whereas you know I'm not reading like non-fiction books or things like that or fiction books and stuff like that so again symbol of role this is kind of where the Lamborghini is coming in play that it's basically articulating to Consumers that this particular ad right here it's a stat Lamborghini is a symbol of someone who possesses these character traits so that's what they basically did right here which is really cool um think about it like this also another way um if you can make a product a symbol of something so for example um with like cigars for some reason cigars are a symbol of success now because we've adapted an image that someone who smokes cigars is usually someone wealthier because they're you know simply a little bit more expensive like ten dollars a cigar um they're wealthier they're more wise more sophisticated in that perspective right there and a lot of people now look up a cigar as a symbol of success because we've positioned it with so many successful people in smoking those cigars now the next type of role is achievement roles okay so these are roles that basically which someone wants to identify as okay um in terms of achievement the things they've achieved so for me personally I know like my Twitter bio YouTube and stuff like that we've done over 35 million dollars in Facebook revenue for our clients okay that's an achievement that I basically a role I've achieved okay and you know guess what the next one that I want to hit is 100 million dollars so if someone wants to sell me something then they could really focus on here's how Nick you can do 100 million with Facebook and stuff like that because now I'm longing for that achievement in a particular area right there and there's different types of achievement there's becoming a wife or a husband become an executive serial entrepreneur like entrepreneur really isn't that much of an achievement but people who are serial entrepreneurs I know that has a lot of like you know good success around it so these are achievement roles okay status class and position right there so these are two different types of roles that you'll see in your ads and again look at how Lamborghini did they were very cautious about this and look let's say for example you're selling a minivan well you're not going to put a high class flashy you know videos and stuff like that because you know you're in a really long for the identity of something like a mom you know and now she needs like the best thing to support her kids and stuff like that now going into accepted images okay so this is where the rolls kind of tie into is that people already have a level of kind of identification with your product in terms of images they already have in their mind okay for example an image you likely already have in your mind is that a Lamborghini is a sign of success okay now if I said hey no a minivan is a symbol of success it would contradict the way you think and you'd be like no no no there's no way impossible no so that's an accepted image right there okay it's an image that we already know about the markets and our goal is to take that initial accepted image and continue to construct new images off of it by intensifying it or de-intensifying it and already existing except an image and this is how you expand your market share also how you expand your you know reach with new people and it's also how you just expand in terms of appealing to more people so for example um I always thought cigars were you know for older rich business people okay that was my perspective about a year ago and then I started seeing a lot of people online who were smoking cigars young age who were also successful and that put a new image in my head and guess what I wanted to be show off them successful um because that's a particular personality trait of me and again going down to the identity of who Nick is and this made me want to start smoking cigars and posting it online think about it I every time I smoked a cigar I had to post it online why because a specific role or personality trait means nothing to someone if it's not recognized okay so me not posting that cigar online made me feel like oh it's not as cool when reality was is that now I can't communicate to people that I'm successful why sophisticated so this is digging really deep into your consumer psychology okay and again you cannot contradict accepted images or beliefs in advertising so if I try to sell people like if I try to recreate this whole ad but put a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] minivan in this that I would just no there's no way I would accept that because I know a minivan is not a sign of success okay and there is some ways to do that but it's extremely difficult and it's going to be you know like trying to catch a folding knife now how do you build new images into a product okay so again you have your accepted images you can instruct some new images off of it but you can also again how I said you can't contradict someone's way of thinking so how do we build new images off of it that are pretty far off the original okay so I got this example from Eugene Schwartz in breakthrough advertising um and I honestly just want to reshare with you guys because I think it's such a good example so obviously in 1960s the majority of advertising was focused around cigarettes and stuff like that and in this particular ad they wanted to start branching out to female audience now 1960 cigarettes was dominantly men and the way it was advertised at the time was it was a very sign of masculinity and yeah and you know success things like that okay but now they want to reach females and at the time females did not smoke okay there was some but just those are very low population so they wanted to figure out how to make cigarettes more mass across females so what they did was they built a creative where it starts off with a man very masculine typical like that sitting next to a very beautiful girl very feminine and very you know the way girls you know the ideal girl that girls looked up to okay and it was the guy sitting down next to the female and the girl said hello so my way that's it okay and the ad crushed it okay because what it's showing there what it's showing to a female consumer is there's the masculine man okay I understand that I already know that masquaman smokes cigarettes but now they're showing a very feminine girl someone that I you know want to be want to be seen as that's the key right there want to be seen as and she wants a cigarette now in my mind is oh if I'm you know if I'm that girl oh well if that very feminine beautiful girl that I recognize with and want to be like is smoking cigarettes I need to go smoke cigarettes too think about how we just looped in the you know from an accepted image to building a new image by bridging off of it and by leveraging deeper psychology right there okay and again for all creatives you make all elements of an image are a video we emotionalize glamorize and dramatize okay so every little aspect okay you know I see so many of you guys creating creatives with the wrong characters in it okay your target audience is like moms 45 years old and you're putting 18 year old girls in there you're like why no one's buying yeah okay so all of this becomes Super Key the environments they're filming in the language they're using the way they're dressed the way they talk the way they look they're literally all of that plays a huge impact in how your ad resonates with your consumer and again just like I said you can't show someone next up to the image you cannot ask your Market to identify with an unbelievable image so this is another little case study I got from breakthrough advertising and that is that a deodorant brand had a massive failure because what they did was is that they launched a whole round of deodorant and they used very very elite Society you know positioning okay you know basically showing like like basically think of this Lambo ad except with deodorant and they were trying to reach a very high level or they showed off a very high level group of people but it wasn't their target audience okay and because of that they reached a very very small portion of their market share which resulted in very small cells compared to their total market share so then what they did was they expand it back into less high level and more hey I can make that jump that I appeal I I appeal with that in that perspective right there so that's identity um this is definitely something that's a very you know he said it's a higher level a little deeper level of creative and advertising but this is the type of stuff that like I nerd out on heavily and something that we're tripling down inside of our agency right now really making sure that we're leveraging this properly for Our Brands because again this could be huge in terms of performance and like I said I see a lot of people using the wrong characters in our ads using a language in the ads using the wrong environments and things like that and they're like Nick why isn't my Dynamic cbo's still work like because your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ads suck so that's that's why I'm creating this video and let me know drop a comment below in the comments if you like this kind of higher level thing of advertising because that's as I'm pushing through and building this channel that is what I want to get more into because this is the type of stuff that when you do the work properly gets you 10 times better performance in your ad accounts thank you guys again for watching the video today guys again get your free strategy session below where you know we come in and kind of show you a few things with your business that you can do to take your brand to the next level and we we've scaled multiple brands from 5800 km off to seven figures a month and we minute trophy around 750 to a million dollars a month in Facebook ad spend um with that being said make sure you hit that subscribe button drop a comment below what you enjoyed about this video and hit that like button guys that is pretty much it for today again my name is Nick Terrio talk to you guys later peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @bukhosimoyo [2 likes]: I love your glasses where did you get them... great video btw
  2. @golamrafi1509 [1 likes]: I search your reply to understand and implement what you said. And found out that you have a video on it
  3. @chandlerfontaine [1 likes]: Great stuff
  4. @115TM [1 likes]: Your videos have gotten so much deeper and better lately! What happened, I love it.
  5. @Chris-dl3ee [1 likes]: I love this
  6. @metamandy8136 [1 likes]: Hey Nick, your videos have taught be so much after spending thousands on courses and agencies in the past! Recently I have had ad sets running that we’re doing really well, one of them for high ticket items had a roas of 8.23 over the first 7 days and another with a 3 roas over the same time period. After about a week or so this performance dropped off to a roas of 1.73 the following week and continued to drop- are these ads dead, has the audience seen the ad too much or should I increase the budget? Trying to maintain a roas of 5+ as this is good for my business but struggling with that lately. Thanks in advance!
  7. @naritkanjana-asawa7448 [1 likes]: Hey Nick . I would like to ask you about setting budget according to the number of ads running so that all ads are maximizing their performance . Not too much and not too little How can we calculate it?
  8. @bukhosimoyo [1 likes]: This is just so amazing, You have just given me so many Ideas with this
  9. @genegubbels2858 [1 likes]: Hi Nick, super interesting. What books ( or podcasts ) about consumer psychology would you recommend?
  10. @samwoods5905 [1 likes]: Hey Nick!
Is your BROAD Targeting strategy still applicable for small businesses with $10-15 / day budget? (~$40 AOV, 1.5 target ROAS)
Would Facebook be able to find my target market audience, or I should still "help" it with some general interest on ad set level?

Thanks for your content.
Best regards.
  11. @user-cp3dz2gz4l [1 likes]: Fantastic advice. Thank you.

Do you have any best practices for product price testing on the front-end (instead of basing it on competitor research)? 

For example, if you were selling a "status chic" wooden iPhone case at $100 (and the conversion % difference) vs. $70

So basically split-testing "status vs. too cheap to be good" price point to dial in the optimal AOV.
  12. @thisisupperside [1 likes]: Hey Nick! How do i exit the learning limited stage? Should i apply the same technique you taught a year ago? I'm using a pretty broad audience of 22 - 26mill -- one interest (hip hop music) and i'm getting a 2.3 ROAS. Spending $100 a day. Any advice?
  13. @ericboydbiz [1 likes]: That Lambo ad is so awesome I remember you talking about that in a video a little while back and now seeing it again months later, I still love it lol!
  14. @learnbusiness2839 [1 likes]: I just wanna thank for everything you do for us. I am new in fb ads and I am currently making 5.80 ROAS with your strategy and way of thinking about ads. A am focusing on my copywriting and creatives and making a lot of profits for my business. Thank you so much again.
  15. @NM-eh5vg [1 likes]: That's some fantastic information. 

Thanks a lot, keep it up.
  16. @janosvizi5074: A very good example with the female consumer in the tobacco space. The following PR campaign was called the Torches of Freedom. That's how the news brought it down on the front page.
The goal of this campaign was to change the context. The context that female smoking was perceived as. Lot of advertisers created ads to change this context but nothing really affected the market as hard as the Torches of Freedom front page news that was published after the event.
  17. @דיןקטלןטגנסקי: Thanks for Sharing Nick! I did as you said & went broad no targeting, started with $100 CBO with 2 dynamic adsets. The worst campaign in terms of stats until now lol. How long would you let it run & optimize? Never run a broad campaign with FB until now

- Give me 17 mins and you'll never make a bad Facebook ad again: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to the channel. My name is Austin Angelhart. In case you have not been here before, I make ads for direct to consumer brands, spending millions a month. We've made ads for eight years at this point for direct to consumer brands. A lot of them, I'm sure you may know. I'll explain in this in this slide, in this doc. And today, I'm going to explain exactly how to stop making bad ads. This is the blueprint to make winning Facebook ads. Basically, it's the entire framework. I'm going to explain the thought behind it, the process behind it, and what you need to do to stop making bad Facebook ads. At least this should, you know, help it improve a little bit. I see still, as I'm scrolling, some ads that I'm like, how did this even get uploaded? Who chose to upload this? But whether you're a founder, operator, you know, someone helping the brand make ads, you can follow this or of course you can click down below makewinning ads.com. We can do it for you, make the ad creatives for you every single week. Let's get right into it. So the first thing that's extremely important is that the person that is scrolling needs to feel heard and seen and you need to relate with them, right? So this is like overview and then I'll get into more specifics. So when you're scrolling, you need to see that the ad is actually for you. If you see, you know, stop scrolling, you should be doing this. It's like what? Why are you tell me to stop scrolling? That's not going to happen, right? Like I'm going to keep going. First of all, I know it's an ad. Second of all, this doesn't even say anything. So, you have to start with the pain point, right? It's not about the product or the brand. It's about the person. Who are you speaking to and then why, right? So, if you're selling a pillow product, you know, side sleepers are obsessed with this. And then you show maybe you're cutting up a pillow, you're running over an old pillow with a car, it's all yellow and oily from, let's say, like the face products are just, you know, it's worn over time. And you're calling out side sleeping and how you typically the neck really hurts. You're showing, you know, a neck and then you're drawing a red a red circle on your neck. something like that to really be extremely dramatic and then of course to help them the consumer understand exactly what you're selling and what the pain point is. It's the pain point which is the angle and then of course the product. Then it goes goes into the offer. The great ads are calling out a specific moment or what are they frustrated? What is the consumer really diff dealing with that's very difficult and they need the solution for? That's what you're selling. You're selling the solution, right? If it doesn't feel personal the first two to three seconds, no one cares. People need to care. Show them why they should care. It's very distracting when there's a lot of things in one ad. Every ad has to have one clear idea. This is very similar to diners, right? You go there and they do all of these things and it's like, all right, you're not going to be like, "Oh, this diner has the best, you know, maybe they do have a great grilled cheese, but all right." You know, if you go to a this Michelin star taco joint that I keep seeing in like Mexico City, they are the best at tacos. If you go to, you know, a place that has like the best salmon roll, whatever, sushi roll, you're like, "This has the best this, like they do one thing perfectly well, like Chipotle, they make burrito bowls or, you know, chicken steak bowls. It's kind of it." You go to something that has a bunch of different focuses. It's all right. They're spread too thin. Your ad should be the same thing. Focus on one thing, one angle, and just eliminate all confusion to the audience. You're going to resonate with them with one way. Or else if you have another way to resonate with them, a different angle, that's going to be in a separate concept. Keep them separate so the ideas can just resonate if they're going to. This is how we separate all the variables when we're testing. If you can't sum if you can't summarize the ad in one line, it's too complex. You're not going to get it. They're not going to get it. And it's just it's just distracting. You're trying to cram too many things in one ad. Think about it. An ad 30 seconds, maybe a minute long form if you're going a bit, you know, older demo or if it's, you know, a specific product, right? How much can you really cram in here? You have the offer, which is, you know, tens of seconds. You have the the problem, tens of seconds. You have the intro a few seconds. Like, you you don't you shouldn't have time to add all these unnecessary points in. Stick to one thing. Explain that problem. Talk about the product offer. And then, you know, go into call to action. Keep it clear. Keep it very, very clear. A strong angle is not a hook. A lot of people think that, oh, I'm saying this in the hook, right? Oh, if you're a side sleeper, watch this. That's not an angle. I mean, you can say side sleeping something about that specifically, but an angle, the entire angle of the ad is not a hook. The hook has to do with the angle. The angle is the entire concept. What are you explaining? Right? So, if you want to say side sleepers, I I wrote some examples down here. If you want to say side sleepers, you have to explain why as me as a side sleeper, I've tried so many different pillows and everything, you know, I'm still leaning like this on my side. My shoulder is always aching and then I'm walking around like this. You have a B-roll shot of you walking like this. You know, everything has to match that one angle to resonate. You can't just say this in the intro and then just forget about it and go into a product explainer throughout the rest of the ad. Everything has to be congruent with this angle. All of the script has to do with the one pain point that you're talking about. That painoint is then the angle is injected into that painoint, right? So that is why someone is going to continue to listen to your ad about your product. So the best angles here are some bullet points. They're ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch challenging common advice, right? So typically I was told to for a side sleeper I was told to just, you know, bunch up some some a towel and put it under my under my shoulder, right? That's insane. I'd rather get this pillow. Expose a hidden mistake. You know, this brand accidentally made the best, you know, pillow for side sleepers. Reframe a familiar problem, right? So, typically side sleepers deal with the sore shoulder. So, how do you get how do you get rid of the sore shoulder as a side sleeper? That's one thing. How do you get in that that get rid of that typical kink in your neck as a side sleeper? You know, how are you finally getting REM sleep? And you can show your aura ring with the sleep monitor. There's so many things you can do. Those are all different angles that you can explain in this pillow. I just made it up is the solution, right? Here's some more examples we did for true classics. So, we did say we said we can just skip the gym, right? You can eat whatever you want now. You don't have to go to the gym. You're going to look like you go to the gym. So, true classics cover the dad body and allow you to skip the gym. So, how I look Jack without gyming, which is I'm just saying gimming obviously not proper English, but copy doesn't have to be proper English. It's you get it immediately, right? So, that's one. And then I deleted Tinder because of this. So, the other angle is I get so many girls. The sexual attraction angle. This worked very well when we were running true classics ads. The guy was getting so many phone numbers, right? I took a screenshot of this one. This guy's explaining the the the tease. He's like, "These fit my arms so nice. It's a little bit loose on my waist, so my dad bods covered. My wife loves this." And then he says, "Guaranteed to make your wife go crazy." So, sexual attraction. And then on the bottom it says, "Yes, my wife wrote these captions." So, I think it is an organic TikTok. It's not necessarily an ad, but this is a great idea for an ad. it's, you know, sexual attraction. They're flattering for men and his wife is going crazy. So, that's one angle, you know, within the the sexual attraction. So, you know, that's what we did or or that's what he's, you know, presenting here with his experience. And you can use the same thing if you look at, you know, organic Tik Toks or comments or Reddit as well. That's a different video. Um, recogni recognition over instruction, right? So, people don't want to hear what they should do. They want to be suggested, but you cannot tell someone what to do through the ad, right? In person, obviously a little bit different. You can show a demo, but if you suggest something from a personal experience, it is much different. And people actually listen to that, right? So, people don't want to just hear a command from a random thing. Stop scrolling. I hate that. That's a horrible hook. No one wants to be told, "Stop scrolling." Immediately, they know it's an ad. And it's just like, well, well, people of the I don't want to hear this. I don't want to be told what to do. I'm out, you know? And then we have the observation over the instruction, right? So, people want to observe how something's being told or how it's being explained to them and how you can, you know, convey the emotion of the solution that you're selling, right? They'd rather that than be told what to do like I'm saying. So, they don't want to be told stop scrolling. They don't want to be told you need to get this. They don't want to be told, you know, buy this right now. It's just like it's just there's so much of that going on. They want to really resonate with something as they're scrolling. I mean, this is what I've observed and we've seen in this in the the top performing ads. The angles have to be so spot-on that and and the creator has to be explaining why it's working so well for them or that age group or that that demographic that the consumer, the viewer of this ad is going to relate immediately. You can't just say, "Oh, you have gut issues. Take this." It's not as convincing. maybe as a retargeting for warm for uh you know warmer uh traffic in the funnel top of funnel it's got to be more of an an explainer of how I change this how I improve this I wish more side sleepers knew about this not do this now get this right now doesn't work I think it's also against policy if you push it too far I would just stay away from the commands no one wants to be told what to do they want to be suggested like I mentioned trust within this ad has to be earned before you are actually talking about the product or the offer, right? So, the cold traffic doesn't want to be sold to. No one wants to be sold to. As soon as you walk into, you know, a car dealership like, "Oh, you want to take this?" You're like, "All right, get away from me." But if if they say, you know, oh, this one's this one's going crazy right now. We just sold this one. you know, have you seen the heated seats or like, you know, something a little bit, you know, nicer and there's it's a warm intro and they're like, "Hey, you want a water? Hey, how go go take some whatever? We got snacks. You want That's just a much better intro than saying like, oh, this one's $10.99 or this one's, you know, we're doing a Memorial Day sale on this car or anything. Honestly, anything car I'm just thinking about that because those guys, you know, typically, you know, are known for that. But in general, typically cold traffic doesn't want to be sold to. They want to be educated. They want to be related to you. You have to invoke the emotion, any interest in what you're selling. So they want to be understood, right? Great ads teach, explain, or reveal something first. So it's going to teach something. It's going to explain exactly what this does. It's going to say, "This is why your gut feels like this. Your gut doesn't have enough." Example, magnesium. I have no idea. Magnesium, and this is why you need to try blank powder, right? Reveal. 86% of Americans are short of, you know, have a magnesium deficiency. So something like that, right? It's that the ad's job is not to close. It's to peique the interest of the consumer. The landing page does the sale. That's where your offer lies. Your offer obviously is going to be stated as well in the ad. But you need to get the click. Then the landing page obviously has to be amazing with the offer, with the education, with the copy, product images have to be great, the reviews, and then you're going to get the sale. Get go for the click. and then the landing page does the rest of the work. So they have to understand what you're doing. They have to trust the product. They consider it and then of course they're going to take action once they get to that landing page. But this is huge. You need to build the trust first. So a lot of explanation typically with cold traffic, especially with either a high price product or a consumable. We've seen that a lot with consumables. I'm just anti-polish ads right now. They work they work a little bit with like statics or you know you know short form and for for warmer traffic. I wouldn't really go for them with the short- with the the top of funnel which is what we typically are always making right some can operate as warmer traffic for for for you know middleunnel bottom of funnel but of course everyone knows this the ads that look like ads typically get skipped no one wants to be sold to like I mentioned before but the Tik Tok style like this here with this caption style these type of you know firsterson speaking there's tons of other formats as well I mean this is what is converting the consumer So, all of the angles, all of the creative should be in this style. Of course, with B-roll, that looks nice. The B-roll can look nice. The product can look nice, but it does not come down to editing skill. It's not like, oh, this needs to be perfect. This needs to be here. The lighting has to be the lighting should be fine. But if you would if you I'll do a video on on winning ads. If you were to look at like let's say example, True Classics ad library or you know, Dr. Squatch got acquired. was once they get acquired they go more polished they just change everything if you were to go to h dreamcloud's one of them you can go to any brand that's privately owned right now they could be funded like a big DTOC brand has a lot of this style typically polish is not what's driving all of the traffic all of the sales so take a look at those and you'll see exactly the style you know that you should be making and I explain exactly how to word it everything else I said here is basically how to write the script and it's all the psychology behind behind that script, right? So, I'm sure if you copy all this text, put in chat GBT, say write a script using these principles, it should probably make you a pretty good script. But performance comes to message clarity, not the editing skill. If you say all the value props of a product and you educate the consumer, it could look like this style. It doesn't have to be a polished crazy film with a camera production. So, just keep that in mind. You can film on an iPhone. I have heard people say, "Well, I need to film an ad for it's going to be $1,000 to get a camera crew to come out here." Just film with your phone. My phone, the new phone's insane. You don't need anything crazy anymore. This is probably better quality than what I'm filming on right now. So, yeah, don't worry about the the editing style or the skill. Just worry about, you know, what what the script is, what's the messaging, how is the B-roll displayed, how's the product displayed, and then what, of course, what's the the angle of that. This is what doesn't work. other than, you know, polish and things that have no angle and, you know, a bunch of junk. I do see this is what doesn't work. Humor. If you try to go for humor, it's probably not going to land. The reason it doesn't land is because humor, of course, it's subjective. It's hard to scale, but it just doesn't resonate with everyone because when you're scrolling, you're not really trying to laugh, right? If I want to laugh, like, I mean, it's kind of a mood, right? You got to be in a mood to laugh. Like, it's not you're not going to see an ad and be like, "Oh, you know, my frown is now upside down. That was a great ad. I mean, maybe if it's like a billboard, like if it's one of those like good I don't even know was a good like what like the Audi one that was competing with was it BMW? I think it's more cool as opposed to funny, but it just doesn't really click, right? I think Dr. Squatch nailed it with that YouTube one. I don't know if that was even funny. It was just like cool. I don't know if it was I didn't laugh. I've never laughed at an ad. So, I mean, if you if you have Excuse me. If you have maybe I'm off on this, but jokes require context and ads do not have time for that. So, it's really hard if you're if you have a minute. Like, if you look at like any standup comic, it's like a minute, two minutes a joke, right? To get to the punch line and you're like, "Oh, that was insanely funny and that's why this guy gets paid so much money or he's crushing at these." Anyway, I wouldn't even try to include humor in an ad. It just doesn't work. It's not going to sell the product. There's no There's no reason to include it in an ad. No reason to command anyone to buy something and then don't assume somebody knows about your product, right? So this is why you know or everyone loves this pillow and you're like what what does this pillow do? What is this? What is this thing? You have to educate. So clever ads create confusion not conversions. It's just like bro why why can confuse anybody? If you have something great you're solving a problem. Explain the problem. Explain who's benefited from it, how the creators benefited from it. You know what's the script saying? How can the consumer benefit from it and then you know what's the offer there? So don't assume anyone has heard of your product especially not oh yeah yeah don't don't assume anyone has heard of your product especially not the use case. So, if someone's heard of your product, don't assume someone's heard your product, right? And don't assume they've heard that this helps with gut health or like, you know, this is why, you know, I got this for my gut health and it's like, what? How? Out of nowhere. You have to explain and go into it first, right? And is a little bit of an intro or else people are going to be extremely confused unless it's like a known thing, right? Like mushroom coffee, electrolytes. It's a bit more educated. The market is a bit more educated because there's, you know, billions spent on those ads. So, it's people know what it is. If it's something that's like relatively new or like I keep saying pillow, I don't really have another like if it's a crazy pen, like why is the pen so special? Don't assume I know what the pen why the pen's $100. Why why is that? Does it have a you know a built-in something like a is it a spy camera? I've seen those spy camera things on TikTok. But anyway, don't assume anyone knows anything. Tell people that like it's the first time they're ever seeing your product. That's how you're going to come up with new angles. That's how you're going to try to just keep chipping away at that CPA and get that rorowaz, you know, to be much better and continue to improve that hook, problem, solution, offer. That is how we format our scripts. If we're going for top of funnel, of course, you can go for, you know, solution, product, offer, middle funnel, and then bottom of funnel can just be offer. But this is all for top of funnel. And this is how we structure everything. So, yeah, use this as a as a blueprint for making great Facebook ads. This is what we use. These are the principles that we use at AdBlend at my ad agency. Click makewinning ads.com in the bio or the description here if you want to work with us. We make ad creatives for directing to our brand spending millions a month. We only work with people spending over $100,000 a month. So, if you're around there, click the link below, book a call, and we'll talk very soon. Thank you so much for watching. I appreciate it.

- Fastest Way to Fix Your Facebook Ads Learning Phase (Copy this): Kind: captions Language: en you launched a Facebook ad and now your budget&nbsp; is disappearing faster than your morning coffee&nbsp;&nbsp; Before you panic and start tweaking everything&nbsp; stop You could be making your ads worse by not&nbsp;&nbsp; understanding this one thing Facebook's learning&nbsp; phase This is a critical period where Facebook's&nbsp;&nbsp; algorithm gathers data to optimize ad delivery And&nbsp; if you don't understand how this works you could&nbsp;&nbsp; be wasting money by making the wrong changes&nbsp; too soon By the end of this video you'll know&nbsp;&nbsp; how to speed up the learning phase avoid the&nbsp; biggest mistakes and get your ads performing&nbsp;&nbsp; faster But the number one mistake resetting your&nbsp; ads performance without even realizing it This&nbsp;&nbsp; will waste your money and keep you stuck So stop&nbsp; doing it I'm going to show you how to fix this in&nbsp;&nbsp; just a sec Let's get into it What is the Facebook&nbsp; ads learning phase if you've ever launched an ad&nbsp;&nbsp; and thought "Why are my results consistent?" or&nbsp; "Should I change something?" Don't do that This&nbsp;&nbsp; might be because your ad is still in the learning&nbsp; phase If you don't let Facebook finish learning&nbsp;&nbsp; your ad will never reach the right people and&nbsp; you'll just keep wasting money Think of it like&nbsp;&nbsp; a trial period The algorithm is fine-tuning how&nbsp; your ad performs before optimizing it for success&nbsp;&nbsp; We'll talk about what it's doing in just a minute&nbsp; but you need to remember your ad is not failing&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook is learning how to make it perform better&nbsp; But here's the deal The way that you set up your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads matters just as much as the learning phase&nbsp; If your target your budget or your structure is&nbsp;&nbsp; wrong from the start no amount of optimization&nbsp; will fix it So if you don't want to waste money&nbsp;&nbsp; on bad ads then you need to download the&nbsp; Marketer's Guide to Meta This is a free&nbsp;&nbsp; resource that I've linked below that walks you&nbsp; through setting up profitable ads from the start&nbsp;&nbsp; Trust me you don't want to launch another&nbsp; ad without reading it first So you can grab&nbsp;&nbsp; it below for free Now let's talk about what&nbsp; the learning phase is actually doing for your ads Most people panic when their ads don't&nbsp; convert right away But here's the truth&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook is testing everything at once Who should&nbsp; see your ad where it performs the best how people&nbsp;&nbsp; engage if it sees that your ad performs best on&nbsp; Instagram stories it will show it there more often&nbsp;&nbsp; If one audience clicks more than the other it&nbsp; will prioritize them This is why you need to&nbsp;&nbsp; give it more time It's learning the best way&nbsp; to get you results Now if your ads feel stuck&nbsp;&nbsp; in the learning phase it's probably because&nbsp; of one of these four reasons First you're not&nbsp;&nbsp; getting enough conversions You need at least&nbsp; 50 conversion events per ad set in 7 days for&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook to optimize properly So if you're not&nbsp; hitting 50 try optimizing for a higher funnel&nbsp;&nbsp; action like add to cart or link clicks instead&nbsp; of purchases Second your audience is too small&nbsp;&nbsp; If your audience is too niche Facebook doesn't&nbsp; have enough data to work with Widen your audience&nbsp;&nbsp; slightly Test lookalike audiences or broaden&nbsp; your targeting to give Facebook more room to&nbsp;&nbsp; learn Third your budget is too low A tiny budget&nbsp; means you're not getting conversions fast enough&nbsp;&nbsp; Set your daily budget to at least five times your&nbsp; average conversion cost so Facebook can exit the&nbsp;&nbsp; learning phase faster Fourth and guys this is the&nbsp; biggest mistake I've seen making too many changes&nbsp;&nbsp; Every time you tweak your ad changing budget&nbsp; audience or creative the learning phase resets&nbsp;&nbsp; If you must edit duplicate the ad set instead of&nbsp; modifying the active one This keeps your original&nbsp;&nbsp; data intact Once your ad exits the learning&nbsp; phase you need to make sure you scale your&nbsp;&nbsp; budget the right [Music] way Don't double your&nbsp; budget overnight This forces Facebook to relearn&nbsp;&nbsp; everything from scratch Instead increase by 20&nbsp; to 30% every 3 to 5 days to maintain performance&nbsp;&nbsp; while scaling smoothly If you're looking&nbsp; for advanced scaling strategies chapter 5&nbsp;&nbsp; of the marketer's guide to meta walks you through&nbsp; measuring performance and adjusting your strategy&nbsp;&nbsp; for long-term growth I've linked it below so you&nbsp; can go grab it right now But what if you've done&nbsp;&nbsp; all this and your ad is still stuck the number&nbsp; one mistake is something that people do every&nbsp;&nbsp; single day without thinking twice Let's break&nbsp; it down Here are the top three learning phase&nbsp;&nbsp; mistakes that could be costing you money First&nbsp; thinking the learning phase means that an ad&nbsp;&nbsp; is failing Have you ever seen an ad underperform&nbsp; and thought "This isn't working Let me just turn&nbsp;&nbsp; it off." Don't Facebook needs time to optimize Let&nbsp; the ads run for at least 7 days before making any&nbsp;&nbsp; major changes Second is making too many changes&nbsp; too soon Frequent edits restart the learning phase&nbsp;&nbsp; Instead analyze data after a full week before&nbsp; making adjustments Third is setting budgets&nbsp;&nbsp; too low for conversions If your daily budget is&nbsp; too small you won't get enough conversions to&nbsp;&nbsp; exit the learning phase A good rule of thumb is&nbsp; to set your budget to at least five times your&nbsp;&nbsp; average conversion cost All right quick recap&nbsp; The learning phase helps Facebook optimize your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads for better performance To exit faster get 50&nbsp; conversion events avoid frequent edits and scale&nbsp;&nbsp; budgets slowly Remember don't panic Ads in the&nbsp; learning phase aren't failing they're optimizing&nbsp;&nbsp; Here's what to do right now Open your Facebook&nbsp; ads manager Are your ads stuck in the learning&nbsp;&nbsp; phase if so drop a comment saying stuck and&nbsp; I will reply with a tip to help you get out&nbsp;&nbsp; faster So apply these strategies this week before&nbsp; you waste another dollar Now before you go don't&nbsp;&nbsp; forget to download the marketer's guide to meta&nbsp; It is completely free and will help you scale your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads without wasting money on trial and error Want&nbsp; to take this even further imagine being able to&nbsp;&nbsp; see what ads your competitors are running right&nbsp; now without guessing What if you could analyze&nbsp;&nbsp; their top performing ads and apply these insights&nbsp; to your business that's exactly what I'll show&nbsp;&nbsp; you in my Facebook ads library video It's linked&nbsp; at the end of this video And trust me this will&nbsp;&nbsp; save you time and money If this video helped you&nbsp; out I would love it if you could give it a thumbs&nbsp;&nbsp; up and make sure to subscribe to this channel&nbsp; for more digital marketing strategies every&nbsp;&nbsp; single week My name is Bridget Oor It has been an&nbsp; absolute pleasure and I will see you next time Bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @majomster [13 likes]: I've never ever seen the "learning phase" only "active" from the first minute when i put an ads out 🤔
  2. @smiless101 [2 likes]: Its been months with zero sales !! What learning its not learning at all
  3. @HubSpotMarketing [1 likes]: Download the Marketer's Guide to Meta for setting up profitable ads from the start. Get it here: 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/z74t
  4. @ProfessionalFitnessEducation [1 likes]: My ads are stuck in limbo, I am not spending money, and Meta appears to not be displaying them even though they are set correctly, I believe. After 1 month, only 2 dollars spent. Terribly frustrating.
  5. @mkabeer_: stuck
  6. @DavidK6633: STUCK
  7. @misripatel-y8i: Stuck
  8. @tacticalmovingco: Meta let me see my lead center , why?
  9. @k0b3r: This is by far The Most Poitnless PDF ever!
Can I have my time back that I wasted on reading it?
  10. @carolyngallagher8630: stuck
  11. @DrewGallagherMusic: When to switch from a higher funnel event to a lower funnel event? Will I still get purchases if I'm optimizing for link clicks, view content, or add to cart?
  12. @ruchirawijesundara1354: stuck
  13. @Worldpov2020: Finally someone teaching "how" and not just "why-theory". Thank you.
  14. @EliasESW: Very repetitive
  15. @abdulhusainaj1135: Stuck
  16. @SteveAdams-g6r: What if Meta continues to learn bad leads over and over but marketing agency continues to push still learning even 30 days later or more. For example, non homeowners as leads for home service based business.
  17. @bilalomar7446: i never seen learning phase in my facebook ads manager , when i start a new campaign , it goes directly to active mode . so i don't know if my campaign in learning phase or not . why that is happen ?

can you help me with this problem
  18. @abuzarqureshi6597: Does making a sales campaign on website view content optimisation in US market for learning phase is better then directly launching a purchase campaign for new pixel ?
Does meta gets enough data with view content in start and then gives better results in atc and then initiative checkout and then purchase?
  19. @GourouID: How long for it to start running when showing active
  20. @AlbertdeKlerk-z1j: Google Ads is een lastig onderwerp, maar jullie maken het veel begrijpelijker.

- Reverse Selfie: Social Media's Impact on Girls' Self-Esteem | Dove: Kind: captions Language: en [Music starts] <i>♪</i> [Keyboard clicking] [Electronic 'swoosh' uploading sound] [Electronic 'soft clicks' editing sounds.] [Violin joins in] [Music continues apace] [Camera shutters] [Aerosol spraying] [Drop of liquid] [Girl's hair swishes] [Music subsides.] [Piano continues.] [Music stops]

  Top Comments:
  1. @KeshviDhore [1 likes]: tuff
  2. @andrewcorona1 [1 likes]: Who Is She At 0:46?
  3. @bogusianowocinska1990 [1 likes]: 😢koniec
  4. @DanielRoy-y9e [1 likes]: Beauty standards, 99% of the time are imposed by other women. Stop blaming boys, And point the finger at the carpet entities that peddle the unrealistic beauty standards,  and the social  media outlets that get paid billions to promote them.
WAKE UP PEOPLE!!!!!!
  5. @SaharNaheb-w6y [1 likes]: Thanks to @Dove for yet another ad that celebrates real bodies, keeps it honest, fresh, no filters. This campaign uses everyday folks, not airbrushed images, honestly, it makes a difference. This kind of portrayal can challenge damaging ideals about looks. 🎉❤
  6. @Tortaxx_4k [1 likes]: C'est trop triste ❤
  7. @OrangNnnn: kak, izin sv video nya ya untuk tugass, terimakasii💓
  8. @NikolPeeva-i9t: Just be yourself
  9. @t-man5196: The inconvenient truth is that the unrealistic beauty standards in videos like these are also whats ruining girls self-esteem
  10. @HowtobeaSillybilly101: we watched this in my fifth grade sex ed.
-a freshman
  11. @cberg2731: World gets softer every year.
  12. @nicolaharbord392yyyguitaroiioo: What is your daughter searching for iiiiiiiiiiiiikkkkikkk
  13. @lupu1993: I stay off social media for my mental health because of this kind of stuff. Unfortunately that comes at a price since that's where most socialization seems to occur nowadays so then there's that sense of isolation. So it's a no win situation 😕
  14. @Music-tb3qc: Enjoy your childhood😢❤
  15. @PEREZARTEAGAISAACFRANCISCO: que
  16. @HazelDakins: Such a wholesome moment.
  17. @Tacos-or7fq: Salut je suis français donc salut
  18. @AlekzanderLong: I�ll definitely share this with friends.
  19. @matejmotuz108: The new dove adds made me go out of my way to look for more dove adds and discovering just how pretentious they are , company that sells chemicals for body doesn't care about your well being , don't be fooled
  20. @XjaocjjBxaicj: You always keep it interesting.

- We see you. A campaign for mental health care: Kind: captions Language: en it's good to see you so great to be with everyone again yeah it is have you been i'm not good i haven't been good the truth is for a while now i feel like i've been stuck in the dark place i can't remember feeling feeling happy no one really hears me you know i'm good yeah things are good [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @يوسفعادلاماممرادفضل [5 likes]: I love how real this feels.
  2. @para-mike96 [4 likes]: Fuck man, stuck in a deep depression today and needed to see this. Tryin not to cry at work lol
  3. @behindtheglosss [1 likes]: Story of our lives, every day.
  4. @infernowolf36 [1 likes]: If you answer this question honestly, you might end up in grippy sock jail.
  5. @SobdbdjJsjdbdhdh [1 likes]: Really liked the structure of this video.
  6. @ch0ptLiva: I can identify with this.
  7. @HenryHunters-c3o: Simple and effective explanation.
  8. @Uhfyuhdd: Always great content from you.
  9. @JorgeHollander: Appreciate the effort put into this.
  10. @MikeDarkrage: Great video, really enjoyed it.
  11. @RiponKhan-u6t: Very helpful step by step guide.
  12. @SobdbdjJsjdbdhdh: This made things very clear.
  13. @JorgeHollander: One of the most helpful videos I’ve seen.
  14. @The_ExequielZHaVala: Aquí los que la profe Irma los puso a ver esto...
(Soy Héctor).
  15. @JorgeHollander: Excellent content as always.
  16. @SobdbdjJsjdbdhdh: I understood everything perfectly.
  17. @RiponKhan-u6t: Nicely explained and easy to understand.
  18. @sammykhader3980: Hello! How do I seek permission to use this ad on my website/commercial?
  19. @PraneyshVelrajan: cindy y u commenting so mucj
girl chill
  20. @fanOFcreativity: Impressive ad

- Elevator - Racism. It Stops With Me: Kind: captions Language: en *Sound - lift ring* > Allow Me > Thank you *Sound - running on polished floor * Sigh!*

- Cinematic Emotional Video Ads That Stop the Scroll | NineT Studios: Kind: captions Language: en [music] In the stillness before dawn, a single truth awakens. Amid the noise of the world, your brand's voice rises. [music] This isn't just a product. It's a promise. A mission reborn [music] every day. >> [music] >> Each frame carries the weight [music] of your purpose. Each note echoes your intent. With every crest and crash, we [music] turn emotion into story. By [music] the last beat, they don't just see your message, they feel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KailashFxi7w [2 likes]: Hi 🤍  
If this cinematic style matches how you imagine your brand,
and you want to build real brand value while connecting deeply with viewers,
we’d be happy to help.

You can explore our professional services on Fiverr here:
https://www.fiverr.com/s/pdm8dVo

Feel free to reach out anytime.
And if you think this could help someone you know,
you’re welcome to share it with your business partners or connections.

Thank you for your time and support.
— NineT Studios

- How to See the Change History on Your Facebook Ads [2025 Full Guide]: Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, I'm going to teach you how to see the change history on your Facebook ads. Whether you're a digital marketing professional, small business owner, or just getting your feet wet with Facebook advertising, keeping track of changes in your ad campaigns is crucial. Understanding what's been modified helps you identify what works best and what might need adjustment. Let's walk through this straightforward process together. First off, you'll want to begin by opening your web browser and heading over to Facebook Ads Manager. You can simply search for Facebook Ads Manager in Google and it should be one of the top results. Once you find it, click on the link titled Go to Ads Manager. This link will take you directly to the Facebook Ads Manager login page. If you're not logged in yet, this is the time to do so. Enter your registered email address and password associated with your Facebook account and click on log in. Make sure you enter the correct credentials to avoid any frustrations. Once you've successfully logged in, you'll be directed to the main dashboard area for Facebook ads. Now that you're in the Facebook Ads Manager, your next step is to navigate to your campaigns dashboard. Here you will find a detailed overview of all your current ad campaigns, giving you a glimpse into how each is performing. This is where the magic happens. Select one of your campaigns that you've been working on or that you wish to review. Once you have selected a campaign, look for the three vertical dots. These dots are typically found on the right side of the campaign box. Click on them to reveal a drop-own menu. This menu provides a host of options, including one that says view history. Go ahead and click on view history. This action will take you to a page where you can see a comprehensive list of all changes made to the selected campaign. This list includes everything from adjustments in budget, alterations in adsets or audience targeting to changes in the creative elements like images and copy. Reviewing the change history is immensely useful. It helps you pinpoint exactly when a particular modification was made and what the impact of that change was on your campaign performance. You can use this information to refine your strategy and make informed decisions on how to optimize future ad initiatives. And there you have it. By following these simple steps, you can easily access the change history for your Facebook ads, ensuring you stay on top of all modifications and continue leveraging the powerful tool that Facebook Ads Manager is to drive success in your marketing efforts. Thank you for watching and I hope you found this guide useful.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Pushyaoffical: thanks, it works.

- Facebook Ads Tutorial: Meta Just Changed EVERYTHING (New Campaign Structure Revealed): Kind: captions Language: en So, these are the top four social media sites&nbsp; as of 2025. And yeah, Meta owns three of the&nbsp;&nbsp; four with Facebook at the top of the list with a&nbsp; whopping 3 billion monthly active users. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; why I've recorded this short course on Facebook&nbsp; ads for 2025. You see, if you're running Facebook&nbsp;&nbsp; ads in 2025 the same way as you did last year,&nbsp; you're already behind. Meta just changed the&nbsp;&nbsp; rules. And these aren't minor tweaks. We're&nbsp; talking complete shifts in how things are built,&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized, and scaled. Whether you're a business&nbsp; owner, marketer, agency, or a business leader,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the course for you. I'm talking about&nbsp; campaign structure overhauls, advantage plus,&nbsp;&nbsp; budget strategies, creative best practices, and&nbsp; how to avoid burning your budget in this age of&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook ads. If you want to leave behind that&nbsp; is easy to come back to, I'd encourage you to&nbsp;&nbsp; download the HubSpots marketer guide for Meta&nbsp; Tactics for Facebook and Instagram, which is&nbsp;&nbsp; filled with examples of brands doing it right from&nbsp; headspace to monday.com in the New York Times. And&nbsp;&nbsp; the best part, it's not going to cost you a scent.&nbsp; I've linked the free guide below. All right, let's&nbsp;&nbsp; dive in to Facebook and Meta ads. Let's start&nbsp; by talking about Meta's new campaign structure.&nbsp;&nbsp; Campaigns are no longer organized the way that&nbsp; they once were. It has changed. Everything has&nbsp;&nbsp; shifted. Advantage Plus shopping campaigns used to&nbsp; be a very simple single adset clean interface that&nbsp;&nbsp; led to very strong results. But that experience&nbsp; is gone. Now you're dealing with multiple adsets&nbsp;&nbsp; inside of Advantage Plus campaigns. Hybrid budget&nbsp; options with both campaign level and adset level&nbsp;&nbsp; toggles. A subtle but powerful shift in how&nbsp; Meta's bidding model actually works. You see,&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of grouping audiences and feeding them&nbsp; creative like we did before, Meta is now pushing&nbsp;&nbsp; creative to users, matching more aggressively on&nbsp; the individual level with their own AI and systems&nbsp;&nbsp; behind the hood. That means that creative testing&nbsp; is more important than ever before. And yes, the&nbsp;&nbsp; interface still kind of looks similar, but once&nbsp; you hit create campaign, everything changes. Meta&nbsp;&nbsp; now determines whether it's Advantage Plus based&nbsp; on your inputs, not by a toggle. In the past,&nbsp;&nbsp; when you set up a sales campaign inside of Ads&nbsp; Manager, you were explicitly asked, do you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to use manual campaign or advantage plus? You made&nbsp; the choice. You knew exactly what type of campaign&nbsp;&nbsp; you were building. Well, that choice is gone.&nbsp; In 2025, there is no Advantage Plus toggle. You&nbsp;&nbsp; aren't selecting it. You are actually activating&nbsp; it based on how you structure your campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta has integrated Advantage Plus logic directly&nbsp; into the campaign creation workflow. So instead&nbsp;&nbsp; of choosing it, you trigger it by following&nbsp; specific setup criteria like broad targeting,&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized placements, campaign level budgets, and&nbsp; purchase as your conversion event. If you follow&nbsp;&nbsp; those signals, your campaign becomes Advantage&nbsp; Plus under the hood. You'll know you're in an&nbsp;&nbsp; Advantage Plus flow if you see subtle interface&nbsp; cues. Certain options are going to disappear,&nbsp;&nbsp; like custom audience controls for manual bidding&nbsp; fields. Campaign scoring starts nudging you to&nbsp;&nbsp; where best practices like the automated placement&nbsp; and 7-day click attribution. But that's not all.&nbsp;&nbsp; Say goodbye to existing customer budget caps.&nbsp; Before you could say truly only spend 10% of&nbsp;&nbsp; my budget on past customers. Now that option&nbsp; is kind of gone. So what should you do? What&nbsp;&nbsp; should marketers, business owners, advertisers do?&nbsp; Well, you need to use custom audience exclusions.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can now exclude past purchasers or engaged&nbsp; audiences from your advantage plus campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; For example, for every brand that we work with,&nbsp; we integrate HubSpot directly into Meta. So we&nbsp;&nbsp; can build highintent custom audiences just like&nbsp; this one. Engaged leads. These are the contacts&nbsp;&nbsp; who have visited your product pages, downloaded a&nbsp; resource, or opened multiple emails in the last 30&nbsp;&nbsp; or 90 days. Salesqualified leads. These are people&nbsp; who are flagged by your sales team or automation&nbsp;&nbsp; systems as ready to buy. And finally, existing&nbsp; customers based on close one deals or purchase&nbsp;&nbsp; events synced directly from HubSpot into Meta or&nbsp; native integrations and custom workflows. You can&nbsp;&nbsp; see who is your customers. Once these segments are&nbsp; built and synced, you want to select the engaged&nbsp;&nbsp; audiences. These are again the warm leads, visited&nbsp; pages, open emails, click CTAs from the last 30&nbsp;&nbsp; to 90 days and existing customers, purchasers&nbsp; who are tracked via HubSpot, the Metapixels,&nbsp;&nbsp; etc. Typically 90 to 180 days. These audiences&nbsp; are critical to exclude from your top offunnel&nbsp;&nbsp; prospecting. With the new Facebook advantage&nbsp; plus feature, we can retarget with specific&nbsp;&nbsp; post-p purchase offers and get sales. Now, once&nbsp; those audiences are in place, you've set them all&nbsp;&nbsp; up. We're optimizing for purchases, not just add&nbsp; to cart or view content. Meta needs to know where&nbsp;&nbsp; the money is made. So, set your budget at the&nbsp; campaign level unless you have a very niche use&nbsp;&nbsp; case. Meta's algorithm optimizes better with broad&nbsp; data inputs. So, lean into it and use that as you&nbsp;&nbsp; move forward with Advantage Plus. Now, let's talk&nbsp; about another shift, the evolution of audience&nbsp;&nbsp; targeting. You can now build hybrid audiences&nbsp; inside of Advantage Plus campaigns. That means&nbsp;&nbsp; you can go broad. You can seat it with demographic&nbsp; signals. You can exclude specific segments like&nbsp;&nbsp; past purchasers or you can even exclude an&nbsp; entire email list. Don't ignore suggested&nbsp;&nbsp; audience features, but don't rely on them solely.&nbsp; This is a mistake too many brands make. Always&nbsp;&nbsp; test exclusions to protect your spend. And&nbsp; if you're doing top offunnel prospecting,&nbsp;&nbsp; use exclusions to keep it pure. If you're testing&nbsp; narrow versus broad, run two separate campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; One that's 100% broad with exclusions, one that's&nbsp; interested with a very tight demo targeting. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is how it's done. Advantage Plus also has made&nbsp; huge announcements around placements. For the&nbsp;&nbsp; first time in forever, you can now select specific&nbsp; platforms that you want to run ads on. If you just&nbsp;&nbsp; want to show up on Facebook, Instagram, you can do&nbsp; that. If you exclusively want to show up on mobile&nbsp;&nbsp; or desktop, you can do that. There's inventory&nbsp; filters for expanded and moderate. And guess what?&nbsp;&nbsp; WhatsApp is announcing that they're allowing&nbsp; you to run ads, too. Keep in mind, though,&nbsp;&nbsp; expanded inventory is the new default. This&nbsp; includes all kinds of different content, some that&nbsp;&nbsp; might not exactly align with your brand. So, you&nbsp; want to start with a test and expand later. When&nbsp;&nbsp; you're running Facebook or meta ads, your Facebook&nbsp; video ads and image ads can appear selectively or&nbsp;&nbsp; across all of the following placements depending&nbsp; on what placements work best for you. I'd suggest&nbsp;&nbsp; you test Facebook feed, Facebook Marketplace,&nbsp; Facebook video feeds, Facebook right column,&nbsp;&nbsp; business explorer, Messenger inbox, Facebook&nbsp; stories, Facebook reels, Messenger stories,&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook instream videos, overlay ads on reels,&nbsp; Facebook search results, meta audience network,&nbsp;&nbsp; native banner and institutional meta audience&nbsp; network and rewarded videos. It's a lot, I know.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's why you should probably download the&nbsp; master meta marketing guide I've linked to in&nbsp;&nbsp; the description below because it's filled with&nbsp; everything that you need to know about meta ads.&nbsp;&nbsp; All right, now let's talk about my favorite&nbsp; subject, my favorite concept, and that is&nbsp;&nbsp; the creative strategy. We want to talk about the&nbsp; creative strategy and the campaign flow that you&nbsp;&nbsp; should be using on Meta. And I'd be lying. I'd&nbsp; be lying to your face if I said that creativity&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't matter in the age of AI. Wrong. Creative&nbsp; is everything now. Meta's machine learning is&nbsp;&nbsp; heavily optimized for creative to user fit. Here's&nbsp; a few quick wins that we think every brand should&nbsp;&nbsp; be considering in today's age. Broad targeting.&nbsp; You should be running three to five creative&nbsp;&nbsp; angles per adset and rotate those two to three&nbsp; weeks. See if your customers are getting fatigued&nbsp;&nbsp; and then exclude the purchasers. Run the winning&nbsp; campaigns and let your winners ride. Multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; adsets are allowed, which gives you more agility.&nbsp; And AI makes it easier than ever to create&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple ads at scale. You can test hundreds of&nbsp; different ad campaigns and concepts and hooks&nbsp;&nbsp; and visuals and graphics. You can experiment&nbsp; with UGC style content, polish brand videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; experiment with vertical versus square. Run the&nbsp; experiments, folks. Heavy text, minimum text. All&nbsp;&nbsp; of these things are worth testing. Do not just see&nbsp; your competitors do something and say, "We should&nbsp;&nbsp; do the same thing." Maybe you want to test having&nbsp; a clear benefit statement in the first 30 seconds.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe you want to incorporate visual proof, a&nbsp; demo, a testimonials. All of these things need&nbsp;&nbsp; to come down to your strategy and your approach.&nbsp; Have call to actions that match your funnel stage.&nbsp;&nbsp; All of this goes into the way that you're&nbsp; thinking about your creative, your campaigns,&nbsp;&nbsp; and your approach. All right, let's talk about&nbsp; the last thing, the most important thing. Please,&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2025, 2026, I pray that you don't launch your&nbsp; campaigns and just pray. You have to remember to&nbsp;&nbsp; measure the data. Click-through rates, for&nbsp; example, you should be aiming for anywhere&nbsp;&nbsp; from 1.5 to 3%. Your return on ad spend, 2x or&nbsp; higher for scale. Frequency, if it's over three,&nbsp;&nbsp; then refresh your creative conversion rates, 2&nbsp; to 5% is a pretty solid range that I would aim&nbsp;&nbsp; for. And then you also want to know your break&nbsp; even so you can understand your cost per lead,&nbsp;&nbsp; cost per acquisition, and things like that. So,&nbsp; if you want to make this happen and make it work,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you need to install the metapixel or events&nbsp; manager to connect to certain CMS's. My standard,&nbsp;&nbsp; my best practice is to always use 7-day click&nbsp; one day view attribution window and then let&nbsp;&nbsp; the results trickle in. All right, I want to&nbsp; summarize for you 2025 and beyond's playbook,&nbsp;&nbsp; folks. Embrace the new advantage plus structure.&nbsp; Don't fight it. Use campaign level budgets&nbsp;&nbsp; for better optimization. Exclude audiences&nbsp; strategically instead of relying on budget&nbsp;&nbsp; caps. Test creative like your business depended&nbsp; on it because at the end of the day, it kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; does. Watch your metrics weekly. Don't just set&nbsp; it and forget it. And I hope that you found this&nbsp;&nbsp; course valuable. And remember, don't do this&nbsp; alone. I've included a link in the description&nbsp;&nbsp; that goes deep into how brands like you can&nbsp; understand how to build a presence on Facebook,&nbsp;&nbsp; Instagram, the impact of paid, and how to measure&nbsp; performance with growth at the forefront of what&nbsp;&nbsp; you're trying to do. And if you're looking&nbsp; to keep learning more, smash that subscribe&nbsp;&nbsp; button because HubSpot's always publishing great&nbsp; content on marketing all the time and you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; want to miss it. I'm Ross Simmons. Thanks for&nbsp; listening and I will see you on the internet. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @elifceren8431 [5 likes]: when i select advantage plus, it shows my ads to the audience waaaay different than my target audience. such as; i am aiming 'bride to be' person in her 20's, and it shows my ads to 50 year old men or 12 year old children. :( I'm really sick of it
  2. @luifever [2 likes]: Fed up with so much change in all platforms.
  3. @smiless101 [2 likes]: Sorry this not new info I was expecting something else
  4. @khushbinderdhiman [2 likes]: Business portfolio
Business manager 
Business account 
Ad account 
Ad manager 

Kindly explain about it
  5. @alkhannoussiayoube9723 [1 likes]: This is a mess
  6. @OutzipOutdoorRentals [1 likes]: What about Polls? I cant find the option any more...
  7. @ChristinaSilva-l4x6t [1 likes]: This simplification could be a game-changer, especially for smaller businesses that struggled with the complexity of the old structure. Excited to test this out and see if it truly delivers better results!
  8. @HubSpotMarketing: FREE DOWNLOAD: Get Marketer's Guide to Meta: Tactics for Facebook + Instagram from HubSpot 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/219391
  9. @LiletSimmons: In my timeline or wall, it's been a week now that Meta appeared saying Make a choice about your ads. I don't want to pay subscription just to avoid it. I don't know how to get rid of this Meta. I was using Google before to access MY FB.  But it's not working anymore. I am running out of option.
  10. @macsmiffy2197: Everyone I know is leaving Facebook because it’s nothing but ads.  YouTube is becoming the same.
  11. @Lunar.cipher: Advantage plus won't always work. Stick to manual if you truly. Know what yous are doing as it always wins.
  12. @BF-FIT: I still have choice
  13. @thinkcartology: Looks like META quietly pulled the Advantage+ toggle—most advertisers didn’t even notice. If you want to stay ahead and adapt fast, follow me for the latest Facebook Ads tips and tutorials.
  14. @AnnaHardcastle-j2r1g: Consolidating campaigns like this seems like a smart move, hopefully, it will streamline the process and allow the algorithm to work even better. I'm also wondering about the video/image asset question - will the AI truly distribute them effectively?
  15. @AngieStuart-c5i7y: This new campaign structure looks promising! I'm curious to see how the AI will truly optimize for conversions with this more consolidated approach. Thanks for breaking down these changes so clearly!
  16. @camainechi: If I have 3 videos and 5 image,  should I run them in the same campaign and set the budget at the campaign level or ad set level?

- Your Facebook Feed Is All Ads? Here’s Why And How To Fix It - Get Your Friends’ Posts Back!: Kind: captions Language: en recently Facebook has become an ad swamp where you barely can see your friends posts there are a few reasons why your Facebook feed might be all ads Facebook uses your personal data to Target ads to you this includes your interests demographics and even your browsing history if you've been searching for certain products or services online you're more likely to see ads for those products or services on Facebook and some of them have bigger budgets so they're paying to appear on your feed super often Facebook shows more ads to users who interact with them less if you're not liking commenting or sharing posts on Facebook the algorithm will assume that you're not interested in seeing your friend's content and will show you more ads instead so it's time to stop being an online introvert it actually might help Facebook has been under pressure to make more money in recent years Facebook's revenue from ads has been declining so the company has been increasing the number of ads that users see in 2022 Facebook was getting less and less ad revenue for three consecutive quarters so they're trying to compensate for the decline with tons of extra ads for you if you're not happy with the number of ads in your Facebook feed there are a few things you can do adjust your ad preferences you can go to settings and privacy settings ads and choose the categories of ads that you're interested in seeing you can also choose to see fewer ads from certain advertisers use an ad blocker there are a number of ad blockers available for browsers and mobile devices these blockers can help to reduce the number of ads that you see on Facebook and also you can engage with friends posts more to make them happier and clear your feed from excessive promoted posts I hope this helps write in the comments if you also have been seeing more ads in your Facebook's feed recently

  Top Comments:
  1. @Grizz0220 [10 likes]: It’s not just ads. It’s also just posting to my feed different posts from pages that I don’t follow. I never even see any friends posts anymore.
  2. @Braxton-w7j [8 likes]: Yeah I noticed this recently I don't see my friends posts at all 

It kind of makes having Facebook completely useless 

People only get on there to check up on how family and friends are doing 

That's the whole point of Facebook 


Now I don't even see their posts no one sees anything 

The world is disconnected enough as it is and now adds come between friends and family 

It's ridiculous 

Great ideas to connect people thats think of ways to ruin it 
OK will remove 

We will mess it up and fill it with ads great idea Facebook 

Look I don't mind if there's ads but can I at least put my friends and families news feeds first 🥇🏆💪 

And then once I'm done scrolling through my friends and families actual posts 

Then it can show ads 

Chances are I'll still be bored after scrolling through their posts and still see the ads anyway 
but at least put friends and family first 

👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍

I literally don't even see anyone I knows posts on Facebook anymore 

Unless I actually go to their profile 

That's ridiculous 

It's supposed to be like a news update for the people you know
  3. @enjoyitbro [7 likes]: As you scroll count how many ads and news stories you see before you see a friends post.  I kid you not I counted 102 before I saw a friend post.
  4. @LynnAdams-z4y [4 likes]: I don’t enjoy Facebook anymore there’s so many ads on my feed it’s miserable can’t even find my friends
  5. @MargaretLovejoy-s5i [3 likes]: It's insane how many ads are popping up constantly. I can't stand it!!!!
  6. @candysuelong5405 [3 likes]: Gosh, just get to how to get rid of it!
  7. @susancoltellaro748 [3 likes]: Over 90% ads. Time to flush I guess.
  8. @mitsuhironakamura9631 [3 likes]: It doesn't help at all. I don't even interact on these ads at all
  9. @darkkrenaissance42 [2 likes]: I think the only solution is to stop using Facebook
  10. @Elemental_Entity [1 likes]: Instagram is like this now too. I get 3 ads for every 1 post a friend makes, wtf?!😡
  11. @baileyalexander3726 [1 likes]: Iam seeing more advertisements not my friends
  12. @SHVoyager [1 likes]: They are going to loose so many members to this that there will be no one to advertise to. Good luck Facebook!
  13. @baileyalexander3726 [1 likes]: Yes Iam only seeing ads more except 3 friends
  14. @baileyalexander3726 [1 likes]: Yes I Iam seeing more ads Not my friends
  15. @sissyonley [1 likes]: It doesn’t help to delete any ads cause they just replace them with 100 new ones! 😡 just about done with Facebook.
  16. @SDNSublimation [1 likes]: on my business page and personal i see non stop pages
  17. @TrentOfficialMusic [1 likes]: ive spent hours not just snoozing or hiding, but blocked all the ads that keep popping up and still nothing, and its not even usually shit that im even interested in, Fb really been down hill since the whole ad shit, makes me want to uninstall it but i only use it for marketplace, i even do the see viewer ads on iphone trick and still dont do shit

or just uninstall the FB app' its self and keep messenger and for your newsfeed, you just message your people and see whats going on, to avoid the ads
  18. @nenad-seguljev: fb is just ads ads and ads. and more and more AI bullshit, fake stories and fake news.
im more on youtube, you can pay for premium and save yourself from ads
  19. @8356-4: I am done with Facebook...it's all adds...who would use this?  It's all about greed and stock price.  Meta go F yourself!
  20. @BisonWorkshop: all they are doing is running people off. im about to leave facebook for good. i am seeing post on my timeline i am not following and dont want to see and ad blockers wont work because its a post . so now the morons at meta has made a ad look and act like a post. forceing us to see the junk.

- Claude Has Officially Changed Facebook Ads Forever! (Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en Meta just officially integrated Claude into Facebook Ads and it is genuinely one of the biggest shifts that we've seen when it comes to running ads. I run Facebook Ads for over 87, 8, and 9 figure e-commerce brands and I've already been running the Claude integration in these accounts to actively launch, edit, and make adjustments to optimize and report on just about everything for these accounts. So, in this video I'm going to show you exactly how to set up the Claude and Facebook integration. I'm going to show you how it actually functions. I'll show you some real use cases for how we're actively editing, launching, and changing campaigns right now. Okay, first things first, go into Claude, go to the bottom left corner, and click settings, and then click connectors. Once you're here, click add custom connector. Name this Facebook Ads MCP, and then paste in https://mcp.facebook.com/ads. You then click add from here and you'll see the official Facebook Ads logo. Then go ahead and click connect. This is going to redirect you to your native Facebook profile. From here, if you've already connected it like I have, you'll see the reconnect button. If not, you can click edit settings and then choose the current business that you're actively working on that has access. Click continue and then click save. You will then be redirected back to Claude where you can click configure on the MCP and you'll see all of the permissions. By default, everything will be in needs approval. Along the way as you use the tool, you will allow certain things to be always allow and then of course you'll have certain things be always ask and certain things completely blocked. It's all based on your preference. For now, just about everything for me is on needs approval. There's a few things that I have down here like ad insights where it can't actually do anything that I'm actually allowing it to run freely. So, from here we're going to create a new chat and we're going to check our connector. We're going to go down here and we're going to see the Facebook Ads MCP is enabled. I'm just shutting off all my other connectors. I just want to use the minimal amount of other connectors in here and just use my Facebook Ads MCP. For this, I'm now going to type in using the Facebook Ads MCP connector, what ad accounts do you have access to? And we can see as it's actually doing its work, it's able to load up the MCP integration, the tool. Sometimes a logo shows up here as well. And I can see right off the bat here, I have hundreds of ad accounts added in between the audits we do, our school community, our Moonlighters agency offer. We work with a lot of brands, and we have 10 MCP enabled accounts. Now, for this example, I'm going to use this account right here. I know these are blurred out just to save the client to be confidential about it. So, now that we have the account that we're going to use, I'm just going to show you some basic prompts, and then we're going to get into some more advanced stuff like detailed reporting, how to actually launch, edit, make changes. But just for all intents and purposes here, we can now interact with Facebook Ads using Cloud. Let's start with a very basic prompt. For the account, pull the total ad spend over the last 7 days. Nothing else. Now, one thing I noticed in using the tool, keep in mind, I disconnected it and reconnected it for the sake of this video, but what I noticed was that as I continued to use it, it got better and better. It knew which tools to pull, it knew which skills to use, etc. Now, this is really cool, super simple. It can now pull my last 7 days from this account where range. I could ask anything I want. I could ask it, for example, over the last 365 days in a table format, pull in groups of 7 days the total amount spent. I want to in a nice pretty table. All right, and you can see this working in real time. It did take about a minute to actually gather all of the data, and now it's pulling this in a nice HTML table widget format. It's actually going to look really pretty, really easy for me to share this with anyone, and basically show week-by-week data on spend relative to the proportion of it. And I can ask for anything in here, right? So, it's flagging some patterns, it's calling out some stuff, but generally, I could ask for anything I want. I could ask for total spend, total revenue, ROAS, I could look for trends, we could plot charts, we could do it all. For example, if I said, "Take this data, plot it alongside number of purchases, and then put it in a nice interactive chart, or even maybe a few charts that I could play around with." And while we're waiting for that to load, I do want to give you a very important warning. Now, a lot of people are going to get this integration and think that they should trust everything that Claude says. The reality of this is very far from the truth. Now, there's going to be some things that Claude does call out, and really any large language model would call out. Things like anomalies, things like standard deviations away from the norm. These are things that you want your large language model or your AI to call out. You want to be notified about things that are abnormal. It's amazing at finding abnormalities. What it's not so amazing at is actually understanding the holistic strategy of your business. Not only does it not have the insight to things like inventory, cost of goods, and other very important metrics, but generally speaking, it's going to make recommendations only on numbers, not thinking holistically. I think maybe in a few years at most, it's going to get there where the recommendations are going to get better and better and better. But, as of today, I could say very confidently, be super careful with the recommendations that you actually pull out of here, especially when they're broad. Okay, I won't lie, this took quite a long time to actually run. A full year of data and everything that I'm asking for is pretty hefty. But, we have a beautiful chart, spend purchases, CP over time, and then spend versus purchases plotted a little bit differently. I think this is great. We also have some recommendations from Claude, or really like call outs. These were all decent call outs, but generally not things that I'm going to take at face value. So, you can probably see when it comes to reporting, you could just about do anything you want, but there are some limitations. So, just want to break down these limitations to make sure you don't get in here, get overwhelmed, think you could do a thousand things, and are only able to do a few. Now, one of the biggest limitations is we currently can't take any creative element and actually pull it out of the Facebook Ads Manager into Claude. This means Claude can't see your copy, it can't see your videos, it can't see your images. Eventually, it may be able to. This is V1. This is as beta as it possibly gets. But for right now, we are pretty limited about this. I do expect this to be the most important turning point of using any sort of large language model, whether it's Manus, whether it's Claude, whether it's ChatGPT, it doesn't matter. This is going to be the biggest shift that I expect. Essentially, when we're able at some point to take the creative learnings and then push them into a multi-step workflow. For example, you might be able to take the top five ads in your ad account, create iterations of them directly in Claude, directly in ChatGPT, directly in any third-party platform that you use, all through a single workflow. We're not there yet. I just wanted to give you that heads-up on these limitations because it can be super frustrating to prompt, prompt, prompt, prompt, and get really nothing back. Right now, the main use case is reporting, editing, and creation. With that said, let's move on to number two, which is editing. So, I'm going to show everybody the most simple use case that we could possibly imagine, which is just editing the name of a campaign. You can literally apply this to anything. You could change budgets, you could change any setting in the Ads Manager, you could do it all. Just going to show you the basics of editing the name of a campaign. So, I'm going to copy and paste this campaign name, and I'm just going to say, "Find the campaign, change the title to Claude." So, we're just going to add Claude to the end of the title here. And all this is going to do now is literally locate that campaign and update the name. It's probably going to ask me for permissions or approval throughout, which is totally fine. We want that to happen. Go ahead and type yes. Okay, this is an important step here. It's going to ask if I can update the ads entity, and it's going to prompt me to say always allow. In this case, I'm going to allow once. If we always allow, it's going to have free reign to just edit whatever it wants based on me just saying yes in little situations like this, which I don't like. Now, it says done. Let's go back to our Ads Manager. Let me exit out here, I'll do a quick refresh, and we'll narrow down to that campaign. And in fact, we can see in just about 3 seconds, the name Claude is now appended to the campaign. We can obviously do the same for any setting, any adjustment in the campaign that we want. To take this a step further, something that a lot of people are naturally going to gravitate to, and this isn't a direct recommendation from me, but I think something that people are going to want to do often or something along the lines of locate any ad under a 0.5x ROAS in the last 7 days that is in an active campaign. Once you find those ads, we are going to pause them down. Cool. So, in this case, it pulled a little bit of a comprehensive report here in a way on what's actually happening in these ads, and I can just go ahead and say, "Yeah, pause all 14, skip the learning phase ads, only fully failed warnings, let me pick individually." I'll just click let me pick individually. How should I handle ad the one that's right on the line? Keep it, that'll kill too much volume. Cool. So, you can probably see at this stage that it's going to continue to work down the route of which ads should we pause. I could eventually tell it to actually choose the individual ad IDs that I want to pause, and then it will pause them down. The next thing we can do is actually launch campaigns. It can only launch campaigns in the paused state, which I think is a great safeguard. So, we can do the same thing. Let's just say, "Forget it. Let's instead launch a new campaign with all of these loser ads." And we'll call it zombie_claude. Okay, so I've gone back and forth with Claude here a little bit. Long story short, this is going to take a whole lot of tokens to actually run and make these complex adjustments. But what I could easily do is I could just say, "Instead, just create the shell for the campaign." This is going to be a sales objective. It's going to be a CBO, of course. We'll just set this for $100 per day, and I do like how it reminds us it's going to be created as paused. Again here, it's prompting the always allow. We're just going to allow once. Done. The shell is live in the paused state before I could even finish my sentence. Let's click the refresh button here and we called this zombie_claw. Cha-ching, it is set up. Generally speaking, always pop into here, make sure your settings are set up properly. There's always going to be some issues with stuff like this. It only asked me a few questions. It can't possibly know every setting that I want. Of course, you could prompt it to be more prescriptive for new launches that you do. Okay, so we have kept this at a very high level because that's all that's available for us today. I will keep everybody updated with any adjustments, any updates that actually happen to the Claude MCP and Facebook Ads integration. So, if you want to be informed of when those updates come out, click the subscribe button. I post twice a week. I try to reply to every single comment and give as much free value as possible. On the other hand, if you want your ads managed by a team of killers who are using tools just like this every single day, who have early access to tools just like this, then click the link down in the description or go to the moonlighters.com/apply. We work with seven, eight, and nine figure e-commerce brands and help them go from where they are today to significantly more scale. That is all for today's video. As always, I hope you got a ton of value out of this. I'm really excited to see what's about to go down with Facebook Ads and Claude in the very near future.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamPiliero [2 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l164
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l164
  2. @LRB-STLMarketing [1 likes]: Awesome Video!
  3. @Peteristrate [1 likes]: For some reason, Claude said the META MCP can't pull all the data accurately, and some other data is even missing...., compared to a different MCP I've been using from Adspirer (some guys who created a META ads MCP - no, I'm not advertising them cause I don't want to pay for their service, lol). None the less, the concept works, and it's just a matter for META to improve their own MCP... I hope. Clause said there's nothing I can do, it's all up to META's MCP to pull the data and aggregate it correctly (which it doesn't at the moment).
Has anyone else experienced this? You can compare the META MCP stats with a printscreen from your META Ads Manager. Claude will compare them for you.
  4. @ericleszkowicz898 [1 likes]: You did better than I did... I ended up with only two of mine enabled out of all of the clients my agency works with.
  5. @jordanross8F: Crushed it bro!
  6. @BethCorso: why not Manus?
  7. @zakhariahk.8720: Try to beat me i have 1250 ROAS without Ai ….
  8. @HelpCentre-j9f: I have a problem where it connects but i connected to the wrong account id, the acc i dont use. How do i fix that
  9. @gabe-childress: WISPR FLOWWW HE KNOWSSS
  10. @vincentalz: guuuuys you need try the trendtrack MCP/API
  11. @LofiBeatzCollective: 5:07 Claude code is better with this alot
  12. @HolisticHealthSolutionsInc: SAm Tks for this video -- will be not easier to use Meta I or Manus AI that are owned by FB?
  13. @ratchapongolaranont556: Useless thing
  14. @frankb1256: Meta + any app will never give you 12.4 x roas. Only if your targeting BOF. Thats it. Dont ever believe this BS
  15. @johncenegal: only true benefit i see is avoiding having to use the terrible Facebook ads manager UI
  16. @helloworld7818: Meta business SUCKS. Doesnt matter what they do. It´s so bad
  17. @АлександраИонел: I used to believe rich people were lucky or corrupt. After reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl I see it is mostly financial literacy. The kind they deliberately keep out of schools so regular people stay stuck.
  18. @AhmedHasan-f2j5p: This book is controversial for a reason and everyone should read Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl. It tells the uncomfortable truth that the system does not want you rich. It needs you working, spending, borrowing and staying dependent for life. Schools wont teach this. Parents dont know it. Once you read it you cant go back to being comfortably broke. It forces you to take responsibility and most people hate it for exactly that.
  19. @thebestmusicforlife9862: My cousin laughed at me for reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl. Funny thing is he asked to borrow money again last month. I said no without any guilt this time.
  20. @ShanKhan-m3j7o: I always saw myself as the responsible type. Paid bills early, worked hard, saved a bit every month. After reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl I realized I was just a well behaved poor person following rules made to keep me there forever.

- Psychology Of Scroll-Stopping Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en after studying nearly $6 billion in ad spend here at motion one important lesson that we've learned is that when it comes to advertising if your ad cannot stop the scroll then nothing after that is really going to matter which is why I'm going to show you a few examples that way you can Master the art of creating scroll stopping ads that are all backed by psychological Concepts studied and popularized by The Godfather of unconventional advertising Rory freaking southernland let's take a look at some ads and see maybe how Rory would break these down and how they can stop scroll for you and your team all right let's take a look at this ad from Canada Dry sad iguana fact iguanas can't drink new Canada Dry Fruit Splash with a splash of real [Music] juice poor iguanas okay so what this ad is trying to do is actually just surprise and Delight viewers right we're leveraging the power of the unexpected and Canada Dry they're trying to generate brand recall with a younger audience let's be honest they prefer chaotic and irreverent branding so when you have an established brand like Canada Dry who's testing this offbeat content like this it really is catching viewers off guard it's standing out and that's especially important on a platform where this type of content is going to work really well and we see in the comments it's validated people are recognizing and appreciating the appeal of absurdity and another thing that this ad does a nice job of is using anthropomorphism people love seeing animals act like humans it's why cat videos have been so popular for all of time and companies that are great at this you think of afflac and their quacking Ducks Liberty Mutual and their emus gico and their gecko there's something about attributing human traits to animals that just triggers a sense of warmth and quirkiness that's memorable without being overly controversial all right that's it for Canada drag let's take a look at our next ad coming from Oatley okay so this ad clocks in at what feels like a very long 7 seconds and it's a perfect example of how you can use unconventional marketing ideas to not just grab attention but to spark a conversation and I bet my guy Rory would give this ad a big thumbs up and here's why I think so Oley sees value in being deliberately contrarian polarizing just straight up weird and being liked by everyone isn't the main goal here instead they're playing up the power of being loved by a passionate minority look is known for embracing how divisive its ads can be sometimes even off-putting but the cult-like devotion in this scene is just bizarre and unsettling and again we're seeing in the comments that it's got people intrigued and they are using their products as signals of identity kind of a strange way but the people are worshiping the Oatley pyramid and they're signaling that they're not just consumers of the brand but they're Fanatics they're part of this exclusive group that sees something special in oat milk and the ad turns Oatley into this kind of of badge of honor where being partly scared or confused is kind of part of the appeal so this Taps into social proof where people might start thinking like okay this is weird but if others are this obsessed with this maybe there's something to it and I should try it and with over 42 million views it's showing how scroll stopping can be memorable and sharable and sometimes leave viewers with more questions than answers and that's a good thing because that only drives more engagement and more people discussing and sharing their reactions with others all right that's enough for oie let's take a look our last ad and see what they did to make it scroll stopping the seats proof timeline screenshots this ring ad does a really nice job of using contextual framing to cleverly position its products into this wild unexpected encounter and it turns what would otherwise be just another Wildlife silly video into something much more relevant and amusing footage that's captured by a freaking ring camera so when you frame your product in unusual ual context to make them more memorable it's actually something that I've seen done really well by like GoPro and Red Bull and some of the stunts that surround those Brands and I think the final concept that's at play here is something that Rory refers to as trust signaling which is just something that just pretty much every ugc ad is trying to tap into right so ring has established a theme where users share real moments that are captured by real customers in an unfiltered and authentic way it's a a brilliant style where you signal to the audience hey you can trust us in our product because we help real people who experience crazy stuff all the time and in this clip they're also communicating utility for their product with that overlaid text that says when the insurance company asks what caused the damage you couple that with the trending Real Housewives sound bite and ring is just putting on a master class in subtle yet clever ways of showing how ring provides reliable evidence in any situation no matter how unbelievable it can be all right well that's all the ads I've got for you in this Roundup but look just getting someone to stop their scroll is not a Surefire guaranteed to make tons of money off an ad we know that there's obviously way more that goes into the success of an ad but taking big unconventional Swings with your ad content is really the first step in building out broad creative diversity that way you can give your ads more at bats to break into new levels of growth and if you're new to motion you can start implementing ideas just like the ones you saw here into your ad campaigns to capture more attention Drive higher engagement and boost your conversion and that's because motion allows you to ship more winning ads through beautiful creative reporting that shows you the exact metrics that you need to know in order to scale some of these unconventional marketing and advertising ideas you have and if you want to use motion for your campaigns whether you're a creative strategists or a media buyer or a brand owner just visit motion app.com book a demo it's in the link you can find it there and give it a try for yourself we hope you enjoy and we'll be back again with more ad breakdowns

  Top Comments:
  1. @jwh0122: 0:34 animal -> human (anthropomorphism)
1:51 strange scene
3:40 contextual framing: meme -> make sense. Trust signaling -> authentic users & usages
  2. @joshvmcconnell: @motioncreativeanalytics5069 I have a time sensitive message for your quality control team, I can't reach out via linked in, twitter, and your staff is not attending your pages chat feature.

- How to create scroll stopping native ads (full tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en By now, I think most of us realize how powerful native image ads can be, but chances are you're probably someone still struggling with actually getting people to stop the scroll and click on your ad. So, today's video we're going to do a complete deep dive into creating scroll-stopping native image ads. And honestly, I want to make sure this is very clear. There's no one proven native image ad style that works better than the other. So, today's trainer will be talking about the different styles I've seen work and how I would personally create them. We'll also talk about some ideal ad metrics as well that you want to shoot for. I'll literally open up my ad account and show you my best performing campaigns with natives, so you can see the KPIs you should be shooting for. Then I'll also show you how you can easily find people running and scaling natives, so you can take inspiration and mimic what's working. I was honestly trying to gatekeep this for a while and I decided after wrestling back and forth with the idea that I'll just share with you guys for free on YouTube, but please use this responsibly cuz what I'm about to show you at the end here is super powerful. So, make sure you stick through the end and watch the entire video. Also, before we dive in, I highly recommend you check out my full natives ads course. It's a 2-hour masterclass showing you literally everything step by step. I show you the product, I create the ads, I load up the ads in the ads manager, I read through the entire copy, I create the images. It is a great tutorial, especially if you're someone trying to get into natives, but it all can seem a lot of little confusing. So, definitely check that out after watching this video. All right, so I'm going to break down six native styles that I've been seeing consistently and these are not the only six out there. There are plenty more, probably hundreds of more different styles that have worked for people, but these are the six that I consistently see and these are the six easiest to create and start testing as soon as possible. Before we start getting into the different styles, I also want to make sure this is clear. When it comes to natives and creating images that are compelling and get people to stop the scroll, each audience, each niche, each product is going to look a little different. So, when you take a look at the style and you're wondering in the back of your head, Alex, should I start start with style one, style two, style three, which style should I start with? The reality of the situation, like I'm getting used to telling a lot of my community members, is that you're going to have to just test it. There's no one proven style, there's no one style that inherently works better than the others. It really just comes down to again, how compelling is that image to the people you're marketing to and do you pair it up with a nice hook as well, which we're also going to briefly talk about when we come across these different styles, right? And also remember the image is designed to stop the scroll. The thing that's going to get you sales is your copy, right? So, there's metrics we're going to take a look at to see if our image is is doing the job, but your copy is what you should be really focusing on if you're struggling with getting sales. Nevertheless, get let's get into style one, probably the most common and most popular style you'll see, snapshot moment. So, the goal of this style is to capture a compelling moment in the story. It should be highly emotional moment that the reader can connect with as soon as they start reading. So, in this example here, we see a young girl laughing in a living room with toys and whatnot. And you can see the initial hook here says, "I've spent 12 years protecting my family and last month I found out I've been doing it wrong." So, images a lot of times are only as good as the hook in my honest opinion. I like to make sure that first line is somewhat correlating if I'm doing this style, right? We'll talk about how the hooks may look a little different with the other styles, but this style specifically, I really a lot of the times like to make sure that opening line is directly correlated to the image in some way or shape or fashion. So, obviously if we're talking about family here and then we see a child, that is going to be compelling and that's going to pair well together and then now I'm going to be intrigued to hit that see more button, right? So, you got to think about this from the reader perspective, why should I even stop to read this if I'm already on Facebook brain, you know, brain rotting and just doom scrolling already? You have to actually intrigue me. Now, I like this style a lot. It's a style that I use pretty often simply because it's very universal and it is just very compelling, right? When we think about natives, the reason why they're called native ads is because they're ads that appear to replicate what naturally would be shown on Facebook. And if we think about the platform of Facebook, it's a lot of people older than the age of 30 that share different pictures of, you know, moments throughout their life, family, job, whatever the case may be. And these are just replicate that to the best degree, right? In this example here, "After 11 years at Pacific Cove Animal Hospital, I watched Lisa sign the long-term and then it goes on blank blank blank, see more." So again, we know that this is an animal hospital and then what do we see in that image, right? It's stopping the scroll, we see the correlation, now I'm intrigued. And this is storytelling, right? Natives are really good at compelling creating compelling stories that get people intrigued to read. So, style one, I highly recommend you try this first. At the end of the day, you're going to have [snorts] to just try and see what works and then maybe try other strategies, but this style is universal. It's probably has the the best highest hit rate when we talk about styles that work consistently. You can't really go too wrong with a snapshot moment. All right, style two and make sure you guys keep watching the video. I'll show you how you can actually generate these really realistic images. A lot of them are very realistic. I'll show you how to generate that in a few moments here, so make sure you're sticking around. All right, style two is the WTF, right? What the This is a style that breaks the reader's brain. It is an image that most people on Facebook would stop the scroll because of how wacky and out of the ordinary the image appears. So, if you really want people to stop the scroll and click, these ads are going to do that, right? These are going to be ads that are like, "Yo, oh my gosh." You should almost walk the borderline with these ads. You should walk the borderline of actually disgusting someone and or like really pushing them from not even clicking the ad, right? It's actually funny how it works. So, one of two people are going to see this ad, right? There's going to be the person that sees this and and they're going to be like, "Hell no, I'm not reading this. This looks disgusting." and keep scrolling. And then there's going to be the other people that are like, "Whoa, this is so crazy. I I got to see what this is about." And it's so important that you pair your WTF photo with a WTF headline, right? So, "Please stop trying to lower your blood pressure with diet and exercise." So, I'm immediately calling out something specific, right? We know this is about health and then the image itself is like, "Oh my gosh, this person's peeing blood." So, you got to be a little careful. Some people do a little bit more than they need to with these and they can do some stuff that can get them banned, but that's why a lot of times I recommend you generate objects or things rather than people, right? So, you can create WTF photos, but if you're creating a WTF photo and someone's missing an eyeball or bleeding or stuff like that, you'll get banned. So, try to keep your WTF photos objects. If you can keep the WTF photos objects, you'll be way less likely to get banned. So, in this example here, a door broken in with a toilet behind it. "Most doctors miss this when women over 40 can't have a proper bowel movement." And I like this opening hook. I know it says the low impression count here, but the concept I like is good because it's like immediately calling out the target audience, women over 40. And then you see this and then it's like, "Whoa, what the heck?" Another thing to take a look at as well is the headlines, right? So, headlines hold some weight, too. Not as much weight because it's the last thing someone will see. They'll see a lot of times image first. The image justifies the attention and then the hook gets them interested to read. So, that image is very very important. No one's going to read this line until they see the image first, right? So, the image has to buy that opening read. So, it's so so important you take your images seriously. And then maybe occasionally you'll get people that come down here and read this, but very rarely does that actually hold any weight in in performance. So, focus more on the image than the headline and then at this part at the end then you can consider looking at that, but that is kind of the thought process there. So, those two styles pretty pretty strong. Style three, the classical before and after, old reliable as I like to call it. Clear as day, it's pretty obvious what this is. Just a before and after with the goal and aspirations of showing someone a transformation. Pretty straightforward. All right, so we got a dog here with a pretty ugly beat-up coat and then afterwards, we have a dog here with a nice shiny coat. Again, this opening line, "The allergy medication your vet prescribed could be silently destroying your dog from the blank blank blank." So, now I'm intrigued. I saw this image and I saw this. And that that obviously is going to make me interested in reading more. Now, there's this other image here, right? And there's this discussion around that in the space that before and afters will rise your CPMs. Facebook doesn't like before and afters. Now, I think there is some merit to Facebook not liking before and afters if they can become too misleading. >> [snorts] >> A lot of times if it's an object or a dog or a pet or something like that, I don't see there to be a problem. Where you can run into potentially higher CPMs is of people before and afters. Now, I in my time, I haven't really focused on selling weight loss stuff, so I can't really speak to the actual merits of this. Now, I will say this person has been running this ad for 45 days. It's a bigger brand, so maybe they're able to get away with it. Do this as you will. They also put the word in Zempic in the keywords, kind of crazy how they're able to get away with that, but nevertheless, there are people that are running this and it's working well. So, you can give it a try. If you have disgustingly high CPMs, it could be just because Facebook doesn't like it, but every now and again, I think it's somewhat worth a test depending on the product you're selling because if it if you can get it to work, I promise you this person's making some good money off of this ad, right? And it's really really good really really good before and after, so pretty pretty straightforward there. All right, style number four, the news article. So, this should be news So, the news article is one trend that's been around for some time, but becoming I'm starting to see actually grow in popularity now. As time goes on and people start to use natives, you're going to have to learn to adapt to different styles and strategies. This goes for your copy, this goes for images, this goes for pretty much everything. Sophistication grows, right? People are going to learn more and more about the strategies of natives and they're going to apply it more. A lot of people are going to start off by doing this and then that leads to just higher CPMs overall. Um, but nevertheless, do not worry about that, right? Cuz there's so many different styles you can test that work just as well if not better. Um, and this style I've been starting to see become more popular. I've tested and used this myself and then actually got some really good results. Um, so this is the news article. This is supposed to be a compelling graphic that appears like breaking news. A lot of boomers tend to stop the scroll on this. So, if we think about Facebook again, right? Who are we speaking to? Older people. Older people are very easily, um, they, uh, any type of news or information, a lot of times old people get gravitated towards that. I'm sure you have a family member or relative that watches Fox News and anything on Fox, um, they start freaking out about. So, this is kind of mimicking that same merit there, right? Um, it's just like these graphics that appear to be like breaking news, something just happened. I actually think this graphic might be real. I think I remember hearing about this a few years ago. So, they they might have just siphoned the natural graphic here, which try not I highly recommend you create your own graphics from scratch rather than stealing actual graphics, but um, we could also talk about that, too, how we can actually poach organic Facebook feed posts that did really well and then like run it through AI a little bit to alter it slightly and then re-upload it, but nevertheless, this style is really interesting. What I'll say for this style, what you got to be careful of, um, is just like making sure that your article, like this stuff, align whatever text here aligns with whatever is here, right? So, it shouldn't be confusing. Someone should be able to quickly read this and also, um, get into the story and it should correlate. Right? So, I've been a firefighter for 7 years. 9 months ago, I went home at 4:00 a.m. And then they're talking about carbon monoxide poisoning, selling a CO monitor. So, just make sure there is correlation there. All righty, so this is supposed to be a pattern disruption because of how much it contrasts with the natural feed. So, once again, um, if you're not really familiar with the feeds of Facebook, graphics like this aren't too common. So, we normally see pictures like this, right? Like of real people, real things, or even graphics and articles. So, this stands out so much, it is something that disrupts the feed. The average person scrolling, they're going to naturally stop the scroll because it's just so different. Um, and it doesn't really have to have text. Sometimes it can have text. Sometimes it can just be a simple graphic like this. And then it should help compel, um, illustrate some type of emotion. All right, at the end of the day, each image that you generate, no matter what style you choose, should evoke some immediate emotion and again, you want to use that emotion um, in the hook to get the person actually keep reading. So, that's very interesting there. And then style six, this is a older style that, you know, I've seen recirculate. Um, but this is going to be the caption title, an engaging headline paired with an image. The headline should be some kind of open loop that engages readers. So, most men think pads are the only option for bladder leaks, but did you know dot dot dot, right? So, an open loop is just simply a statement, uh, sometimes even a question, that gets the person interested in hearing more, right? We actually start off by talking about a topic, but we don't actually give away the answer, right? We want to keep the person reading. You can think of this almost like a movie trailer, right? So, movie trailers are designed to give you a little sneak peek into what the full movie is, but it it does that by highlighting compelling parts. Right? So, that's going to, um, be what people do and then they have this like in the graphic read more and what ends up happening is people think that's this, see more, and they'll click and what will happen is that will actually open up the entire ad. So, I find that CTR all, that metric there, is tend tends to be a lot higher with this graphic. Um, so this is also a really, really good style as well. So, these are the six common styles I see. Again, like I've mentioned multiple times, um, this is not the only styles. There's plenty more. Let me show you guys real quick how you can find and search through and study of, uh, a ton of different native ads and kind of get some inspiration. Then we'll talk about some, um, ways to generate these and then get some KPIs and off the video. So, by far, my favorite tool for this is Trend Tracker. It's much more than a product research tool. There's so many things you can do when it comes to studying and learning about the Facebook ad library. I'll leave a link down below if you want to save 20% off for the first 3 months. But what you'll do is click that link in the description, sign up, and then you'll go here on the tab side here that says ads. And then what we'll do here is apply a few filters to allow us to literally see native ads, which is dope. So, under the ad section, we're going to go to active. We're going to change the media types to image. Um, personally for me, I'm going to change the language to English. And then what you're going to do here, this is very important. You're going to go to ad copy length and I recommend setting the minimum ad copy length to 1,000, right? So, if we know that natives are long storytelling formats that could be anywhere between 1,200 to 1,700 pieces long from copy, we're going to add in this filter in so we can specifically see ads that have natives. You can even take it a step further. You can go here and this part is optional, but you can go to shop here and then you can, uh, or sorry, you can go to page here and then you can go down and hit this drop down that says page creation date and see specific advertisers that have launched, uh, ads within the last 3 months. So, you can do that as well. Um, and then you have about 20,000 ads that you can search through. Um, there's going to be a good amount of these that are just repeat ads, not repeat ads, but ads from the same advertiser. Um, but nevertheless, you can go through and start seeing some natives, right? So, here we go. We have a native here. Seems like a nice couple here taking a selfie and we can read through their copy. We can copy their copy. Throw throw into Claude, have it extract us. Wow, this is Oh my gosh, this is a lot. How many? Here, let me copy, ad copy. I want to run this through Google Doc and see how many characters this is. I'm curious. All right, I'm kind of sidetracked here. I'm sorry, I'm getting distracted, but I'm I'm curious. This is 15 pages of copy. Go to tools, word count. Oh my gosh, 5,000 words? I I tend to shoot for 1,200 to 1,700, but that is a lot. They've been running it 13 days. I'm curious real quick, is their page even still active? Let's see. Yeah. Yeah, they're they're scaling these bad boys. This is crazy. Look at this, 5,000. So, it's so funny. When I teach teach people how to create copy that's 1,200 to 1,700 words of long form copy, they get it they, you know, some people will say, "Alex, no one's going to read all like is anyone even going to really read all this copy?" Man, there's people out here testing 5,000 5,000 word ad copy. Goes to show you, if you write a compelling enough story, people will read. I I can't believe people still doubt the power of natives. But anyway, you got this advertiser here. They know what they're doing. They have 100 plus natives. Let's see, how long ago did they, um, let's filter by most most recent. Is it going to let me filter? Okay, there we go. So, filter by most recent. So, they've been running natives, let's see, for a little over a month now. This is how I gauge if the person successful is just see how long they've been running it. So, March 12th, um, and if today is April 7th at the time of this recording. You guys are getting this on a Saturday, though. So, going on 3 weeks here. So, no one's going to be running ads and losing money or very rarely will someone run ads while losing money for 3 plus weeks straight. So, this is a good sign that their native strategy is doing well. Um, so what you would do, guys, you just keep scrolling and obviously like you're going to get some images in here that are occasionally not natives, but 99% of these are going to be natives. Um, and you can just see all the different styles here. And if you want to, you can adjust the filters a little bit, but this is really cool. Here's that kind of news style that I was talking about. This technically would be considered under the graphics. Um, but yeah, you're going to see a ton of different styles and if you want to pick a certain niche, your your, um, chances are whatever image or whatever product you're going to be testing, there might be a chance no one else is running natives with it. So, and see what people are doing. Um, but yeah, this is how you can quickly find you have 28,000 ads. You can, um, of course, change the language, too. For those of you who speak different language, you can see who else is running natives in different languages. So, that's that's how I pretty much go through and study what's working in the market of natives and see what people are doing. So, I always have a pulse of what's working, what's not working, and I can just see how long someone's been running the ad for. Chances are if they have the ad running for more than 10 days, it's it's a a performing ad for them. Um, and that's how I can kind of determine what I should be working on, what styles I should be creating. So, pretty simple stuff. Definitely hop in and get Trend Tracker. I don't know if there's many other, you know, uh, product research tools or tools in general that allows you to quickly just find natives like this. And now you have an entire library to kind of look through and and here's that image that I showed you guys before. So, pretty dope stuff. And then, of course, I would recommend you pull up the advertiser and just go through their entire ad library. Sometimes you'll have situations like this where they just turned off all their ads. Um, so it's good to have a nice little reference here and make sure you go through and find an advertiser that actually is active and still running ads and stuff. So, definitely some cool stuff there. So, you have a couple different ways you can generate these images. Option one is to go inside of my school community linked in the description. Go under classroom, go to Facebook ads, and then you'll see here that there's this training called how to create native image ads. Just hit this resource document and copy the script that's attached. That script is going to generate 20 highly differentiated story driven concepts that are going to be native and similar to the first style that I was showing you and it's going to give you a ton of different variations that you can pick from. All you simply need to do is just fit figure out which one you like the most and then tell ChatGPT to, uh, generate the full script for you so we can throw that into Hexville. Reason why we do this is because AI is better at prompting images than we are. So, we're going to use ChatGPT, you can use Claude, you can ChatGPT, you can use Google Gemini, you can use whatever AI prompting tool you want. You just need an AI prompting tool to come up with a concept, turn that concept into a script, and then we're going to throw that bad boy into Higgsfield. So, for this example, I just picked the example of uh uh women in their 40s dealing with knee pain, for example. So, all I would need to do is say something like turn images or turn scripts or turn concepts, rather, concepts 1 2 3 and maybe 4 into full scripts for Higgsfield. And then, once we get those scripts, we're going to go in, sign up with Higgsfield, and then use Higgsfield Soul because it's the most powerful one for creating these kind of snapshot realistic images for our Facebook ads. I literally don't know if there is any other model out there that can generate these realistic-looking images. Like, you mean to tell me that these people are fake? Like, you see the glare, the details. Like, this is just ridiculous how amazing Higgsfield really is. So, what I'll do is I go here. Uh this is the entire script here. I'll just copy that. And the goal of the script is to generate moments in this person's journey, right? So, if they're someone that's dealing with knee pain and they're having issues with knee pain, we want to find different moments that they might be able to relate to and resonate with, right? So, if we go back and actually read the concept, if this is women over the age of 40 who are dealing with knee pain, some concepts that make sense here is like a candid selfie women mid-step on a staircase, slightly wincing, one hand gripping the railing, right? Like, that's a perfect concept there, right? So, we'll do that. Um and then, we'll grab this other one, after a walk, playground pause, and then there's all these different ones, grocery trip regret. And you kind of just read and pick. Now, what we always want to do, by the way, and here we go. We always want to make sure that this is in a 1x1 format. You can generate a couple different variations, and I personally just like using Higgsfield 2.0 on general. Regular Higgsfield's also good, too. Sometimes I find it can be a little bit slower to generate. Um so, I like to generate a couple different variations of whatever image I'm generating, and then you can play around with it until you get it to the way you want it. So, I'll copy this one here. And as you can see, this is quick and easy. It takes 2 seconds to just put the prompt in, and then you can start generating a ton of concepts really fast. So, this is how I personally kind of idiot ideate, rather, um ideate different images and concept ideas that I can test. And then, this normally does really well for me when it comes to metrics. Let me show you another method that you can also run and test, as well. Another idea you can do is actually just go into Facebook feed and just type in knee pain and scroll around until you come across a type of image that would relate to whatever you're trying to sell that has done really well and gotten good engagement. So, this image looks interesting, but it doesn't have any really good engagement, so I might pass up on that. And depending on the niche and product you're selling, this could be actually a little harder than other uh people selling different products. So, you're going to have to play with it, and I like to just look on Facebook and see if there's anything that I can find. If not, no worries, there's other alternatives um that I would take a look at, but you can try to find organic posts that did really well organically with no ads. Like this one right here. 65-year-old woman came to the clinic after exercising with chronic knee pain. Um so, let's just actually look here, and we can see there's 85 comments to this. And it's just people engaging with it. Um Krush Patel, people giving out their thoughts and feedback. So, not only can I use this as inspiration for an image, but I also could use this as maybe an inspiration for this hook, right? Cuz this did well organically. So, it's just about looking at what did or well organically and and using that. So, let's say I wanted to use this. What I would do is just screenshot this image here using my trusty screenshot tool. And then, this is where we could go back into Higgsfield and try a different model to actually regenerate this. Let me show you guys how to do this real quick. All righty. So, prompting's going on here, and what you will eventually need to do is tweak the prompts a little bit, too. So, if you find that there's something that they're not generating properly or they're overemphasizing something, like this person scrunching their face up, you can always just go back into to ChatGPT and tell it to prompt it differently. What I would do is actually download the image, upload it to ChatGPT, highlight what it did wrong, and tell it to improve it for the next prompt. But nevertheless, you can get some really, really sick photos here, which is pretty dope. And then, what I would do to uh this Facebook post is we don't want to just take and extract exact post directly from Facebook. What we want to do is kind of edit it a little bit, so what we'll do is change the model to uh Nana Banana Pro. And this is why I love Higgsfield so much, cuz you literally have access to all the top models. Um and then, all I do is say uh slightly alter this image, but keep most of it the same. And again, we want to do this in a 1x1 format. The quality doesn't matter too much. I wouldn't go more than 2K. You don't need to do 4K quality. Um if you want to generate some extra batches just to see some different variations, you can. And then, you can do the unlimited option here, and then it also, I guess Higgsfield's also now giving us free generations, too, with uh Nana Banana. Higgsfield is always giving out bonuses and stuff like that. So, um really shoutout to that, man. Um so, we'll generate this, change and alter the image just slightly, so that way, again, we're not just extracting and poaching an existing photo, and maybe down the line someone might come after us for that. So, which I rarely see ever happen, but better safe than sorry, right? Sometimes, I can find that Nana Banana gets too literal, so literally keep just about everything the same. This is not too much of a difference um for us to get away with it, so I would definitely actually pick something to change if it doesn't generate something different. So, I would just say uh change the word color from yellow to red. And just just alter something about the image. Try not your best not to change it too much, but have some type of slight alteration. Um you don't want to have the same image, so. We'll see what this generates. In the meantime, while that's generating, the next and third option that you have is, once again, if you have something like Trend Track. By the way, this is the definition of a WTF image. What is this? This looks absolutely disgusting. I almost don't even want to look at it. I might have trypophobia just looking at this. This is This is disgusting. I don't know what this is, but whoever generated this ad, man, this is crazy. Um anyway, so the third alternative is, let's say you have a graphic image like this that you want uh to extract, right? And use. So, what you can do is just screenshot this, as well. We'll screenshot this bad boy. And then, all we got to do is just go into ChatGPT, and we just want to upload that same image. Upload that same image to ChatGPT and simply just say, "This first image here is a winning ad from a competitor. I need you to create a Nana Banana Pro script that recreates this winning structure, but for my product." And then, what you would do is just grab your product. So, I just grabbed this random product off the internet, so it's a bamboo knee sleeve. Obviously, it doesn't correlate whatsoever to uh the same product that this person's selling, which seems like it's some type of supplement. Um [snorts] but that's fine, cuz we'll just give it the context it needs. Um make sure the elements and the information you generate is related to related to my product. Okay. So, then we use ChatGPT I often times use ChatGPT uh just cuz how quick and easy it is to help me prompt the other AI tools that I'm going to use. Um so, that's why you see me use ChatGPT first and Higgsfield. If you feel like you can prompt it on your own, just go into Nana Banana and make the change. So, there we go. This is different enough of an ad for us to be like, "Okay, cool." Uh I think in the original ad, too, oh no, this bone was here, too. Okay. Cool. So, this is different enough, different color, and that's enough, and you should be good to go there. So, that would be your second alternative, and then this is going to be your third, which we would come here and grab all this stuff. So, what you would literally do is boom boom boom boom boom, copy this, copy all this, and then come here. Now, you have two options, so what you can do is you can put one generation in with just the prompt and no like reference image. Um so, we'll do that and see how that looks. So, give it a second here just to read through everything. Um so, we'll do that, and then the other alternative is just uploading the reference image, as well, to see if uh Nana Banana can use that to make even a better graphic. All right, reference image added in, and now let's generate that, and let's compare uh if Nana Banana made a better graphic with the reference or without the reference. And then, while we wait that for that to go, guys, if you have um need help with inspiration when it comes to natives, I would recommend literally just going through and scrolling and seeing what's working for people, and then screenshot whatever natives they they are using, upload it to ChatGPT and tell tell ChatGPT, "Hey, this is a competitor's winning ad. I'm selling a different product, but help me translate what's working for them to my product, and come up with some concepts and ideas." And then, you can turn those eventually into images. All right, so here we go. Boom. And just like that, you have an ad ready to go, a native story graphic. So, news a knee sleeve that supports pain relief without pills or injections, now trending. Perfect. Took 2 seconds to generate that, right? And now, you have a couple variations here. This is sick. So, just like that, you have a couple natives. That didn't take too long to create. Out of these ones that were generated, um I might mess around with this a little bit more. I don't feel like none of these really do the best job. Maybe this one is interesting enough, right? Our natives should be interesting and compelling, so this one might, you know. Uh but I might mess around with kind of generating a better snapshot image that maybe shows something like a cane or something, but overall, there you guys go. This is how you can quickly generate some natives. So, let's kind of wrap this video up by talking about some really good metrics here. Ooh, this just generated two. This looks solid. All right, so let's break down some metrics that I would recommend shooting for. So, recently Facebook's actually updated the way they track click-through all metric. This is the metric that basically is categorized as what percentage of people are clicking on your ad. That could mean see more. That could just mean clicking on the image, right? So, before that was also just all grouped up also with people liking, commenting, engaging. Now, they've recently changed it to be where it's like that's a whole separate metric, right? That's completely different, but nevertheless, CTR all, the hard metric that I like to shoot for for my best-performing campaigns, is 20% bar minimum. You should not be below 20% CTR all, and ideally you want to shoot for 30-40%. That's where you're going to be in the sweet spot. That means your image is stopping the scroll, and that's the metric that we use to justify that this image is doing good. Now, as far as the other metric goes, the CTR link click-through rate, that is the percentage of people that click to go to the next page, whether it's an advertorial or product page. So, what I notice is that I'm trying to see a solid um ratio here. I don't have the exact ratio number, but this is from my best-performing campaigns that were all averaging uh what? 2x 2.5x. So, you can just look at the metrics here. I was running a ton of different campaigns, spent um a ton of money, right? So, generated $365,000 in revenue in just this couple of months. So, the average kind of metrics that I like to look for here is above a 2.5% CTR link click-through rate, and that means people are are obviously stopping to click the ad if the CTR all is good, but then they're also reading through and actually going to the product page. That means my image and my copy it's doing its job obviously for the most part. Now, what are some issues that you could be running into? Well, one of them could be your CTR all is pretty solid, but then your link click-through rate is below like maybe it's hovering around 2% and below that. That means your image is stopping the scroll, but people aren't actually going through and reading the rest of your copy. That could be because the image was too click-baity or misleading, and the opening hook and lead doesn't actually resonate with the same people that are clicking. That also could just mean maybe your copy at the end, like the mechanism how you highlight the product, and the CTA that you give in the copy doesn't flow well as well. There could be a couple reasons there. And then overall, your CTR all, we like to look I like to look at the comment section, too, right? So, your ad should be getting comments, engagements, people should be liking, sharing, favoring, and talking and discussing in the actual comment section. So, look at your comment section on your ads, especially the ones that are getting spent. If people are, you know, leaving negative comments, that's that could be a problem. That could be a reason why you're dealing with uh poor metrics. Another thing is CPM. So, honestly, you're not going to see these low of CPM. I mean, it's possible for sure, but um all these campaigns were advertised for the most part to uh to the US. You'll see that I also tested I got Australia and Canada for a little bit as well, but ideally, you're shooting for about $30 CPMs, right? This $22 is great, but realistically, $30-35 is where you're fine. Now, when you first start your campaign, you're probably going to hover around a solid $70-80 cost per milli, right? That's going to be your CPM, the the metric to determine how expensive is it to show your ad. So, naturally, that's just going to be on the higher side. It's not until you start running ads a little bit longer and seasoning up your pixel and the campaigns before you can get it down to 30-40, but if you start on day one or even day two, day three even, and your CPMs are, you know, $70-80, don't freak out right away. Just focus on making sure people are engaging, making sure people are liking, right? And the way to do that is just to make sure your ad is as compelling and click not click-baity, but click-worthy, right? People should you're you're trying to fight and compete with all the other people advertising on Facebook, but also the organic videos and pictures as well. So, you have to like win that click, basically. And, you know, to do that you have to be bold, and you have to be um decisive with your marketing, right? So, that's important, right? And you also have this thing here called post engagements, right? The total number of actions that people take involving your ad across meta technologies. So, this is just people liking, commenting, sharing. You want this number as high as possible. I don't have a perfect ratio for this, either. You just want to make sure that people are actually engaging with your ad, right? So, it goes without saying um you know, if your ad is boring and no one's engaging with it, Facebook's not going to show it to more people. All right, so CPMs tends to be the biggest issue. And again, I highly recommend you go watch my full native course um and break down this a lot, but when you have high CPMs, you're trying to figure out one of two things. Am I having high CPMs cuz it's competitive market, or am I having high CPMs cuz my ad sucks? 80% of the time it's cuz your ad just sucks. And when I mean sucks, it just simply means it's not compelling enough. It's not winning the click in the auction, right? It's not engaging enough. People aren't actually um there's not enough emotion being evoked from your ad for people to feel like they need to stop the scroll and also engage with it. So, that's 75% of the time. The way I kind of determine that it's my ad sucks is by looking at the other metrics, right? Is my CTR all good? Um is my CPC like how expensive is my CPC, right? Am I getting buying intent, right? Am I getting add to carts, initiate checkouts, right? So, that's the the thing I like I tend to look for. If your CTR all is high, and or your CPMs are high, but your CTR all is like low, that means that you're dealing in in most cases from what I've seen, right? Like if your CPM's high, but your CTR all is like pretty low, it's like below KPI, that means your ad sucks. Right? If it's like hovering, you know, low 20s, you know, below 20s, and you have high CPMs, your ad sucks. If your link click-through rate is also low, and your CPMs are high, that also means your ad sucks. Now, if you have really good metrics like CTR all is 40%, CTR link click-through rate is 3.8% or higher or whatever, um and even your cost per click isn't that expensive, right? I like to shoot for less than a $2 cost per click, and eventually when things are really ramped up like less than a $1.25 cost per click. If those metrics are in line, but your CPMs are still high, that just means you're in a more uh competitive market, and that's not inherently bad. Higher CPMs doesn't mean you're doomed. At the end of the day, what is your ROAS saying? If your ROAS is is break even, slightly below break even, or obviously profitable, you can just work with the campaign to make your ad more compelling, and that CPM will drop over time. Right? So, that's kind of what you're looking for. You want to create variations. You want to test different angles, different avatars, different tension points, different desires, and just keep testing, man. Like natives aren't going anywhere. I saw um someone leave a comment in on my previous video saying, "Well, Alex, if you're teaching these strategies, won't these get more saturated and more people like drive up the CPM?" Uh not necessarily, cuz for one, most people try this stuff and quit within about a week or two. Um so, naturally speaking, people don't troubleshoot as much. And you'll see this a lot on YouTube, including even my videos, to be honest with you. A lot of people share the strategies on how to get started with these things, but they don't actually reveal how to troubleshoot, all right? That's where a lot of people charge for high-ticket coaching, courses, and stuff. Um a lot of my courses a lot about troubleshooting. So, you know, and I I don't we don't do this intentionally, but a lot of reasons why people just quit and never see success cuz they don't actually learn the troubleshooting mechanisms. Like how do you actually troubleshoot this when you launch ads and things aren't working? So, just so you're aware, saturation and all that stuff. I mean, couldn't you say that about drop shipping as a whole? Like if you're worried about natives getting saturated, why aren't you worried about drop shipping getting saturated? Why are you even doing drop shipping in the first place, right? Isn't this the most saturated business model possible? But yet still people are starting every day and and making a ton of money from it. So, just doesn't make sense to me. I don't know why people are so concerned with saturation, but uh this is kind of the kind of 50-ft overview of what you should be doing with images, kind of the metrics you should be looking for. And this is just from one of my ad accounts. Another ad account here spent $20,000 on one campaign, generated $50,000 um back from that. Um some really solid metrics as well. So, you saw this was a little bit on the higher side when it comes to CTR and uh link click-through rate. CPM, again, like don't get too stressed out about about your CPMs. As long as you're not hovering consistently over, you know, 100 bucks, you're good to go. Um obviously, the lower the better. This was 37. This was a little bit more expensive than my other one, but nevertheless, was still doing really good, right? My overall ROAS on this uh 2.5, right? So, really, really good stuff. Tested different avatars, tested different angles, and you'll find quickly like different ones will perform different, you know, but overall, the metrics are kind of the same, right? We want high post engagement, uh low lowest as possible CPMs. Historically speaking, your cost per click should be lower than a dollar, especially advertising to the US. Uh CTR, again, 20 I'm being really conservative when I say 20%. You realistically want to be 25% greater. Like if you're at 24 or 23, you're not it's not the end of the world, but shoot for as high as possible with that, right? Cuz the higher this number is, the more people are stopping to read, and then obviously subsequently speaking, this number should also be higher. Um so, really stop the scroll there. Get as many people engaging, liking, um commenting, all that stuff. Bait people to to engage, man, because that's going to give you cheaper ad metrics, and this was all advertised in the US here. Um I had launched uh give me one sec Where did it Where did it go? I think I had launched Yeah, I had launched a sec second campaign here. And then this was testing I was testing different uh pixel stuff. But yeah, like it's it's really straightforward. It's nothing to to be too complex about. I was testing Promowear marketing with this campaign. It was doing really solid. So, realistically speaking, guys, this is this is natives still have so much value and is still like so profitable if you just do it right um and learn the first principles of marketing. And that's where 99% of people that I see trying to do this now or worried about like whether or not this will get saturated. They're like so worried about the prompts and the scripts and the and they're not even worried about why this even worked in the first place. Cuz if you do know, then you can create copy that works, pair it up with some good images, and you'll make a ton of money at the end of the day. As always, I hope you guys enjoyed the video. If you did, like and subscribe. You know where to find me if you want some additional help. Join my school community, reach out to me, and I'll help you find your first or next winning product. Scale that bad boy with some natives. Um it's a great online community, some amazing people doing some big numbers. So, if that's something you want to be a part of, definitely hop in. I'll see you guys on the next one. Take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ned272 [1 likes]: The news one is pretty corny, i'm not gonna lie.  I'm not gonna profit off of the death of others... If it's AI, that's different, I guess. Lol
  2. @godeal365com7: 27.20
  3. @godeal365com7: 20.23 concepts into script
  4. @godeal365com7: 19.35
  5. @LakeDrake-g8d: Your insights are amazing! I’m new to dropshipping and am currently looking into your Skool course. I was wondering if the course covers how to optimize a Shopify store and how to select competitor videos to run ads for new products?
  6. @72seraph72: Do you ever run advertorials and if so, is it borderline pointless to run native ads with long copy since they will just be going to another page with more stuff to read?
  7. @khilou4799: The WTF style using objects instead of people to avoid bans is something most people learn the hard way smart to call that out early. Curious what CPM threshold you use before killing a creative?

- How to Create Scroll Stopping Videos for Social Media: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] tis the season and this year i'm giving the gift of glamorous editing whether you're looking to uplevel your beauty videos slay your transition game or simply would like to learn some more editing features in kingdom master stay tuned i got you hi my name is morgan ryan and i am the creator of miss maverick muse i handle all things beauty and glam so it felt only natural today that we would do a little holiday edition i'm very excited because i get asked so often how i shoot my videos what apps i use how i edit all that jazz and i'm basically showcasing to you one of the ways that i do that using this appkina master so i'm excited to showcase this and add on to this ongoing series of iphone editing so i hope you guys enjoy it if you do be sure to subscribe for more and let's just get into it first we'll focus on simple transitions and illusion and precision editing then we'll wrap it all together and showcase how i use some of my favorite assets from kinemaster's asset store now if you are a free user and you have kina master 4.16 you can access all the premium assets by watching the ads i personally am a premium user and i love that because i can utilize the app without any watermarks which i just truly feel make your video look so much more professional let's take a look first you're going to record all of your content i prefer to do the full range of motion in both clips that way when you make your transition cuts it's seamless once you're in kinemaster press the plus button and select 9x16 for tiktok select media and import all of your videos that you'd like to edit let's focus first on editing the clips for precise transitions play back the first clip and find the spot where you'd like to cut the clip in mid motion select your trim tool and remove everything to the right of the playhead play it back and see if you need to trim anything to the left of the playhead for the second clip one way to elevate your transitions is to add in a visual effect too to do this click on the kinemaster asset store and select the transition tab i like this film burn one for the aesthetic feel to apply your transition click on the plus sign between the two clips until it turns red here you'll see all of your transition options click whatever one you like and press the check button repeat as many times as needed hmm having trouble trying to figure out what to wear for the holidays hit the thumbs up if you can relate let's add on to the previous idea and add a little holiday flair import all your media like we did in the first video in the asset store click clip graphics and head over to celebrations i'm going to go with winter celebrations here for this one now you're going to go into each clip and apply the graphic by pressing clip graphics and here you'll see all of your options i have winter celebrations that i'm going to go with and you can just scroll through all the different versions of that one asset now we're going to add in some text so to do that you're just going to add a layer and type in whatever you want to call this i'm going to call it a virtual holiday celebration since we're pretending to go to all these different events with this in the asset store you have tons of options here for fonts you just click the t and scroll through here's one version that i downloaded and we're going to go with this one to kind of give the old elvis presley album type feel now you can make it interesting by adding in a little bit of animation so i'm going to do that on the outro of this text and then i'm going to trim it down now i want to give the feel of trying on clothes virtually almost as if you're trying them on through the screen of your phone by tapping so what i wanted to do here is add some text that i could tap on so i'm going to go in and use the same font as before next i'm going to trim this towards the end right where i'm about to tap on it to give the feel that i'm turning on a button so to do this i'm going to click background enable and i'm going to go in and change the color to green to suit the backdrop that we're working with lastly a holiday video is nothing without any holiday music so again we're gonna go into the music into the holiday section and import this tune right here holiday wishes press the plus button to add it into your video play it back and you're all set i hope this video left you inspired and excited to try out some of the new premium assets on the asset store if you have any questions be sure to subscribe and ask in the comments down below celebrate in style and i'll see you guys next time happy holidays

- 5 Scroll-Stopping Pin Secrets Bloggers Don't Talk About: Kind: captions Language: en Are you spending hours creating Pinterest pins every week and you are still not seeing traffic? You are not alone. Many bloggers spend hours a week creating Pinterest pins and they are not seeing the engagement or the clicks that they want to see. So, in this video, I'm showing you exactly how to make Pinterest easier. Five simple strategies that are going to help you create and schedule a week worth of high-converting Pinterest pins in just one to two hours a week. You're going to know exactly how to create scroll-stopping pins, scheduling them for free, and getting traffic that actually converts. Now, Pinterest can feel pretty overwhelming. Most bloggers think that the more pins that they create, the more results that they are likely to get. But, in 2026, Pinterest rewards smart strategies, not quantity. Now, there are some Pinterest mistakes that I see new bloggers making. For example, thinking that they need to post 10-plus times a day to start seeing results. You might be posting a bunch of pins at once and then getting burned out when you don't see the results and taking weeks or months of a break and not posting any pins. I see bloggers promoting their blog post once and then never again. And they are not using keywords to get their content seen. And if you were doing any or all of these things, you'll probably notice that your Pinterest engagement is not where you want it to be. And that's why most people burn out with Pinterest because they're being busy, but they're not being strategic. Step one is to slow down and create fewer, higher-performing pins. And this doesn't mean that you need to spend more time on the design of your pin exactly. Design does matter and we'll talk a little bit about how to make your designs for your pins better, but the most important thing is using the right keywords. Keywords are what powers Pinterest because it is a search engine and not a social media site. People go there to solve problems and not to just scroll aimlessly through the feed. So, you want to use the Pinterest search bar and see what people are actually searching up and then using that in your pin descriptions and your pin titles. And then, when it comes to design, you want to make sure that you are creating a headline that is interesting, making sure the headline is easy to read, and you are using colors and photos that pop. And then, of course, you want to make sure you are creating and promoting content that is solving a problem your audience actually has. That is the biggest thing there. If you are just creating random content that nobody wants, it doesn't matter how well you do anything else. Nothing else is going to work if the content originally that you created is not that great. Now, the good news is you really only need to be posting two to five pins every single day in order to start seeing results. This is the range that I use for my Pinterest management clients and I have seen great results with people who post two pins a day and people who post five pins a day. So, the volume that you are posting doesn't really matter as much as the content that you are posting. Step two is using templates to save time. Now, if you are really struggling with your pin design, you can use templates as a huge time saver. I've created a few Pinterest pin template packs that help you create high converting pins and save you hours on design. Since I have done Pinterest management successfully for years now, I pretty much know what works on the platform and what is going to be a high converting pin and what isn't. So, I have taken all those high converting pins, I created templates and put them in a few different packs so that you can use them and create your designs a lot easier. Now, let me show you how quick this is. Now, this is something similar to one of the templates that you are going to get. It's going to have some sort of text, a place for your website, and some sort of text box for your pictures. So, all you really need to do is find a few pictures. Let's say you want to do a garden and you want this picture right here and this one. Drag your pictures over, set them up how you want, and then type in your title. So, it would be how to start a garden for beginners. And then you can either change the colors, change the font, you can change how big the text is, really whatever you want, and then you just put your site right down here, and that is your Pinterest pin. That's all that you need to do with these templates. If you're interested in these, I will link my best performing template pack down below in the description, but I do have a few more if the one that I link doesn't really appeal to you. Now, step three is to schedule your pins out strategically. You You just want to go on to Pinterest, panic post a bunch because you haven't posted in a while, and then get burned out, not post again for a few weeks, and then realize, "Oh crap, I forgot about Pinterest." and panic post a bunch again. You need to be posting consistently. Now, when I am pinning for myself or my clients, I will create all of my pins in one sitting and then schedule two to five of them out every single day. You can also do that in bulk as well, so that you don't have to do it every single day. Now, you can use Tailwind if you want. I've had some bloggers have success with that, but I personally just use Pinterest scheduler that they have available right on their website. But, if you want to test out Tailwind for yourself, I'll leave a link to that down below in the description, too. Now, step four is to optimize your pin titles and your descriptions. Now, I talked about this a little bit already, using keywords to get seen, but I want to talk about it a little bit more because optimizing your pin descriptions and your pin titles is really the best way to get traffic. So, when you do find keywords that you want to use, you want to make sure that you are putting them in your pin titles, your pin descriptions, your board titles, and your board descriptions. Using keywords can also help you create better, more specific pin titles so that people will be more likely to click. And you want to make sure you're creating eye-catching titles mixed in with your keywords. For example, a keyword could be vegetable gardening, but that's not a very good pin title. So, you might want to do something like, "How to start a simple vegetable garden for beginners." It is a better title and it uses a keyword in it. And if you do this for every single pin, you're going to see more clicks, more saves, and more traffic without having to create extra pins. Now, there are a few extra things that you want to consider when you're pinning on a Pinterest. You want to be paying attention to seasonal trends and holidays because Pinterest is big on trends and holidays. You get a lot of traffic around that time if it fits within your niche. But, beware, you may want to start posting earlier than you think. I recommend checking out the Pinterest keywords tool, which is also free and right there on your site. You can just start typing in some keywords for Christmas or holidays or any seasonal trends that you want to pay attention to and see when the traffic starts to pick up because generally it is 3 to 4 weeks before the actual holiday. And you don't want to be posting how to bake Christmas cookies on Christmas Day because you're not going to get as much traffic as if you would posted it 3 to 4 weeks ago when the traffic had just gotten started. The goal here is to have your pins already circulating on the platform right before people start searching for it. So that way when they are searching for it, your content is already there for them to find. And remember, pins can also get traffic for years after they are pinned. So you want to be focusing on evergreen content as well. So if you were going to be doing a limited time offer or a sale or something with a deadline, I wouldn't worry about posting that on the Pinterest because if people find it a year down the line and they click on it and that sale is over with, it's going to be a useless pin floating around on the platform. But if you can create content that is relevant now and a year down the line, that's called evergreen content and that is the perfect content to be putting out on Pinterest. And then another thing is you want to make sure that you are tracking your results. You want to know what is doing well so that you can do more of it and what isn't doing so well so you can either tweak it or stop it altogether. So make sure you start paying attention to your stats once you start having results. And these are just small tweaks that can multiply your results without you having to do any extra work. Now if you're interested in saving time with your pin templates or Tailwind, I will make sure to link both of those things down below in the description. And if you like this video, make sure to like, subscribe to my channel down below and I will see you in the next one. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SaraM-x4f: Omg i saw you were having a baby congrats 🎉 i hope you and your husband trevor are super excited. this is exciting news lets hope they arent too much trouble 😄
  2. @JohnnyJohnson-b4g: Thank you Sarah Marie❤
  3. @NostalgiaDreamz: thanks for all the tips! do you pin on the weekends too? ive only been doing M-F, 2 pins per day, and its not giving me much traffic yet.
  4. @HappilyDesigningHindi: Do you use the same URL for 5 pins a day? or 5 different blog posts a day?
  5. @DiabeticGameGuy: Great video!  I have decided to create a pinterest account.  My goal is to send traffic to Amazon by making shopping lists.    I'll let you know how it goes.
  6. @RobTheScalper: thanks for sharing

- How RM IT LTD Solves Facebook Marketing Expert Problems: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign

- Expert Advice: How to Avoid the Top 5 Mistakes Entrepreneurs Make: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys Sheen here from Atlas agency launch Lab at Atlas online Solutions here thank you very much to John Nelson for uh giving me the privilege of going live inside of his group this week if you're here watching the replay or you're watching the um live stream drop in say hi I would really really really love to see you guys I asked you all a question earlier on this week and the question really it provoked a lot a conversation on my personal page so go there have a look see what other people are saying about this but the question was how much money do you need to make to be rich and this is a question that my 10-year-old asked me earlier on this week and it really really have me thinking and I'm quite proud of my answer but reading other people's answers it's it's funny it's really really funny how we see wealth these days some people came out with like a monetary number right other people like none you don't need any money I kind of fell a little bit into the middle so for those of you who are interested my answer was the fact that most people are poor because they spend too much time and energy either thinking about or trying to make money or they only have money when it comes to a financial number I said that to my 10-year-old I said that you need to be making enough to pay all your outgoing expenses Plus have 10% to put away at the end of every single month but you have to be able to do that while ensuring that the time you spent making money getting money is either equal to or less than the time that you get to spend on other activities so that was my answer for my 10-year-old and that's kind of how I live my life and I guess really the reason I asked this question the reason that I'm sitting here giving you guys the answer today is because all of us here interested in being an online entrepreneur or are an online entrepreneur and today I'm here to give you the top five mistakes that I've seen that online entrepreneurs make when they're starting out so that you can avoid them um but the reason most of us get into the space isn't isn't just you know to be altruistic to help people like yes yes most of us that's our driving force here but the other part of it is to be financially free right to be financially free so that you're not spending hours and hours working for somebody else building their business ignoring your business neglecting what truly makes us rich and what truly makes us rich is time with our families and John Nelson very very graciously allowed me the use of his group this week and I'm I hope I'm really hoping that he's spending that time to enrich his life doing things away from work so John if you're here say hi there's know a couple of things that you're going to be doing since you're reclaiming some of your time by sharing out your group here and um for the rest of you tell me why you got into this space like there's a there's a culture out there that you need to know your why you need to express your why and you need to have a good story and transformation everything else and that's not why I'm asking the reason I'm asking is because if we understand why we got into this space then we're going to understand the pitfalls that are most important to us so I've got some of the five top 10 mistakes I've seen entrepreneurs make the reason I know this is I run an online business Atlas Atlas online solution rels I have now turned that into a coaching business as well as an agency so I run multiple online businesses I've made these mistakes you guys don't have to and I work with online entrepreneurs so I work with agency owners to get their business up and running I work with coaches who come to me and say hey give me a hand the world is a confusing place and I get to dive into the muck with them and figure out what's works best for them and through that I've learned through their stories my stories and everybody else's stories I've had the privilege of interacting with what are the top five mistakes we're making and most of these mistakes I made I made these mistakes and I made them and I'm sharing with you so you don't have to make them so without further Ado let's get into it shall we first mistake that I see is not understanding your branding in your messaging I don't mean not understanding the importance of having a logo or a color or anything else I mean like your entire brand okay this means having done competitive research right comp resarch is so important for so many things like you need to know what their messages you need to know what's the onboarding process you need to know what the frustrations are of their current customers and their current clients and their past clients it's going to help you not replicate their mistakes it's going to help you stand out it's going to help you figure out what level of pricing and quality is expected in your space it's going to help you understand your avatar frustrations and how you can best attract them all right another part of braining is a voice okay so when you do your competitors research you're going to see you're going to see the beautiful websites that are pink with motivational things put all over the social media and things like that you're going to see the other one who is really really down to earth in his in his wording right like he is like no BS kind of masculine energy out there you're going to see the more approachable type right who is talking to you about the fact that they're drinking mushroom coffee or hey I went on the hike this weekend and while I was hiking I thought of this so you're going to see everybody else's brand okay what's your brand what's your Brand's voice and I don't just mean your messaging like what you say what's your voice then from there what's your story it is incredibly important in the online Entrepreneur Space to be you authentic to be yourself agency so let's take a for example anybody looking for SEO they've got what 100,000 options at the click of a button how do they know who to choose one of it is going to be the story all right if you're here is a coach right let's say you're a relationship coach people need to know why relationship coaching is important to you people need to know that if you're an agency people need to know that if you are selling a product online like an e-commerce product people need to know who and why because it's going to make them trust you and your service so much more then the other part of that is that people don't buy things people buy your personality people buy your point of view people buy you especially in the online space they really really really do think about it you've got four coffee shops around you four different bakeries who what's the one that you go to regularly and why yes yes you like the service but you like the atmosphere you're like the woman who remembers your name every single morning okay people by you and people by transformation over dreams so if you have personally connected with what it is that you are selling online then it will have touched your life in some way right it will be important to you most of us anyway if it's not then let's go on a call but most of the time it's touched Us in some way and it doesn't necessarily need to be transformational but it does need to be personal because yes we're talking to pain points yes we're selling a dream but we are inviting people into our story so that they can then experience themselves that story with them as the hero okay now your image your image comes into this a lot okay are you a person who's out there in sweatpants and a beanie and you hike for fun and you'd rather spend time with your dog and a couple of friends than go out to a fancy restaurant or you know who are you how does that translate to your landing page your website your social media content your outre Outreach message your thumbnails like your branding your messaging is so much more encompassing than the words that you put in a bio on a website okay and then company culture company culture is a very important part of branding because the minute you start getting big and we're going to talk about this very very soon even if you're not big yet you are going to have a culture inside of your business even if you are a solo TR solopreneur is that how you say even if it's just you you're a onean band the energy that you project through your screen when you are talking to your clients be that on a video call be that on a recorded message be there on an email it's going to express your comfort any culture okay and then lastly if you don't know who you are you don't know what you sell you're not going to get anywhere all right so that is one of the first mistakes I see people doing it's not understanding your branding not understanding your messaging the first thing to do is reach out to somebody who's been through it before like myself um and ask us hey what is branding and tail how can I figure it out most of us we have a questionnaire somewhere we have a short TR training on it somewhere and we are most happy to help you with solidifying your branding because it's one of the most important cornerstones for any business online or not but online especially all right the next mistake that I see people see people making is not knowing your audience all right if you woke up and you're like right I'm going to run a business but you don't sit there and think why is my business important to these people in a deep way like in a really personal way then you're not going to reach those people anywhere near effectively it's going to be like throwing mud at a wall and hoping it stick okay your audience has dreams and they aren't just Freedom okay they aren't just to be stressfree they aren't just to have the perfect relationship You' got to go deeper than that you really really do is it they want the freedom to see their granddaughter score that softball goal and watch that smile that like lights up her face and just that that joy that she is really just radiating to the entire world in that moment is it to be able to sit next to their partner and be comfortable in silence and safe insecure and all those things that you get inside of a relationship like what is it that your product is doing and why do they want it on a super deep granular level all right when you figure that out you going to figure out the pain that you're solving the fear that's behind that pain you know their goals and you're going to know their uniqueness all right I'm not talking about niching down yes people talk about niching down all the time in the online space and the coaching space and the e-commerce that everybody talks about it you know there's a saying out there riches are in the niches I'm not saying it's not true but you don't have to be that linear okay your Niche doesn't have to be tiny does have to be deep all right it does have to be a a well of people that you can draw into what you're doing if you're going to scale at all but it needs to be unique okay it needs to be you need to be able to connect with them and is that their specific pain is that their specific goals is it there specific personality type that resonates with your voice and your brand right you need to know your audience that way and once you once you know that you're going to understand the reality like what is their reality what are they living in right now because if you know that you can meet them where they're at you can meet them where where they're at in your Outreach you can meet them where you're at in your lead magnets you can meet them where they're at in your sales calls and your onboarding calls informing your service meet them where they're at know know the reality know it empathize with it really really take it to heart and form your entire business around it okay when you do that you're going to be adjusting your language you're going to adjust your language to talk to them you're going to adjust your language to attract them you just your language okay for example language one example of language let's say you are a marketer okay if your mess message is all about Roi and kpis and these things that we know what they are right we use them all the time every time and yeah they're a little mainstream but not everybody knows what they are all right so don't use that language talk to the person before they come through your transformational program okay are you a dating coach are you if you are you could be talking about things like mindset all right you could be talking about things like selfworth these are words that we know right they exist but do we know what your definition of them do we know what your action steps for them are because we don't so talk to the person before they've gone through your transformational program all right and then lastly the last most important thing I think one of the most important things but most important thing about knowing your audience is now you know where they hang out you can't reach them if you don't know where they hang out are they Surfers all right do they hang out on Instagram are they more professional are they on linkon are they moms are they hang out on Facebook are they on YouTube because they're a much younger crowd you'll know where to hang out and once you know that you know where to reach them all right so that is the first two things and these two things are going to shape your message you're going to know exactly which goal to get them exactly which problem to solve and exactly what language to use to attract them to keep them interested throughout their entire bio Journey sell them and then successfully fulfill all right right number three since we have covered those ones quite in depth number three is not investing in organic Outreach now some people are going to kill me for saying this no no one's going to there is as a marketer I've seen it time and time again as a coach I've seen it time and time again as an online business owner who's constantly getting pitched I've seen it time and time again you don't put money you can't take money out and most of the time people like right you need SEO you need paid ads you need the perfect funnel all of these are paid options here to tell you with my wealth of experience as a marketer as a coach and as somebody who works with online entrepreneurs all day every day if you don't have your content on brand and on message not focusing or working on your PR if you're not doing any fa Facebook Outreach LinkedIn Outreach shoutouts all of the things that create that healthy ecosystem paid Outreach is going to work a little bit but it's not the answer it's not going to be the answer and you can put I did it and I thought of my coaching program this one of the mistakes I made first thing I did was put $8,000 into building a funnel and a pipeline and paid ads and then then I put a lot of expand in on top of that like that that's the first thing I did and I knew I knew it was wrong I did that that's the worst part I knew better but I still did it organic Outreach encompasses everything it's reviews it's testimonials it's content right and I don't just mean like posting a pretty picture here and there motivational quotes and hey come buy my stuff all over everywhere I'm talking about educating people I'm talking about entertaining people I'm about I'm talking about having a having a healthy engaged thriving database before you go and say buy my stuff it doesn't take forever to fix it really really really doesn't you one article one podcast one just live event where you're talking about your stuff put strategically cut like a week or two weeks worth of content Facebook Outreach I mean I have Facebook software here where you can be booking up to 10 15 qualified appointments in less than a week all right LinkedIn LinkedIn is massive and even if your audience even if your audience hands out on in Instagram right if you have an offer that in today's world doesn't even have to be very high they're going to look look for you they are and Google doesn't just show websites Google shows LinkedIn Google shows YouTube Google shows and people are searching you on Google all right they're not just going to Facebook and looking for your name they're looking for you okay so LinkedIn is incredibly important for all of that and then shout outs all right I don't mean you have to go and pay an expensive $122,000 on a shout out that promises you the world that my friend falls into paid advertising talking about organic research when you did your avatar when you worked out who your ideal customer was who your audience is did you think about who do they respect what's important to them and a shout out doesn't have to be that important person then saying hey this person's so cool go check them out you can do it a bit more subtly than that it's not technically a shout out but you can align what you're doing with them by sharing their content agreeing or disagreeing with them all right you can do you can do that my friend by going and finding their paid ads and audience hacking if you don't know what some of these things are reach out I'll let you know but there's so much you can do that is organic research organic Outreach all right number four we moving along here quickly good hopefully I'm not boring you all number four is trying to do everything yourself once again guilty I did this I tried to do everything myself and then when I did try to step away I tried to step away from the wrong things okay what are your strengths you got into this to bring something to the world you got into this because you are passionate and excited about something what what what's your strength around that is it the Fulfillment is it the Outreach in the lead generation is it the sales what part of it is your strength that's the part that you're going to be excited about because if it's not a strength there is this it's just a human nature tendency of of ours to avoid it right we will procrastinate even just a little bit right we'll feel unsure and so therefore we won't do as good a job so once you know your strengths is that appointment setting sales fulfillment whatever it is Outsource the other part right so when I started in my agency first thing I outsourced was sales at time not just because it wasn't a strength of mine I didn't have the confidence to do it because I was a mom to a very very young child it did not make sense for me to be the the front person in my agency so I outsourced that all right and then as my child got a little older and I was able to move into that role because I love talking to people and interacting with people then I went straight to Outsource all things Tech okay then outsourced all things appointment setting like the time consuming things when you're Outsourcing there is one thing to think about not just your strength but one thing to think about is 80% % of your income coming from 20% of your energy like that's that's how it should be split and if if you find that you are spending way too much energy on one particular thing and it's prohibiting you from launching scaling growing being happy then find a way to reduce your time in there okay the other part about doing everything yourself is not utilizing a network small hinges swing big doors they really really do and there are so many many many ways that that matter I got on a call just before I got on live with here it wasn't a sales call it wasn't a pitching call it wasn't a person I know is a friend it was just somebody else in a space similar to mine that I could network with that I I spoke to we had a fantastic awesome conversation we're going to be talking again having a coffee catchup this Saturday all right I don't mean spend your entire work time chatting away and making friends all right needs to be a goal there needs to be a plan an action plan for you guys to benefit each other in some way okay but don't do it all yourself and even if they're a direct competitor of yours it doesn't mean you can't help them out because then they will do the same to you right other part about small hinges swing big doors is one of strategies I teach my agency owners that come through here and I call it small hinges swing big doors who is also serving your audience that's not a direct competitor and how can you leverage the hard work that they've done for your business so one of the way that agency owners could use this would be who is who is selling to your current clients right they chiropractice because if they're chiropractice then they have massive groups of chiropractors Buy sell equipment all right if they are holistic practitioners they've been through a course a program somewhere that taught them how to do their fulfillment part but not the client acquisition or the sales part right so can you then catch up with the people that are running that course and see if there's a way that you can complement what they're doing add to it with a lead magnet a training a whatever it is and affiliate program a referral program but you're using somebody else's hard work to swing your big door all right so that that's just a couple of the ways that I would use this but don't try and do everything yourself it's hard life's hard enough without it making it harder for ourselves all right the last one is not understanding your sales process there is there is this message out there it's so wrong if somebody is telling you this turn around and walk away you don't launch a brand new program or turn on an ad or do anything and get get a sale it's not how it works all right there are statistics out there that say on average only 3% of any audience is ready to buy right now and even then you've got to have the right buyer's journey to appeal to that person okay so what is your buyer's Journey it's not just hey I've got this cool new thing come and buy it most of the time it's hey a lead came in now I need to nurture that lead I need to expose them to me I need to cultivate that relationship so that when they think all right I'm ready to take the plunge I'm the only person in their mind to do it okay you can be doing this with freebies doing this with lead magnets with with groups with appointment setting good appointment setting with newsletters there are so so many ways that you can be cultivating that relationship but it's all part of your sales process and if you don't know your sales pipeline your sales process all of those things please reach out I've got some free resources that I'm most happy to share with you because once they implemented once you understand your buyers mindset when they're coming to you you're not pushing them away by being salesy you're inviting them in and your success is going to be so much greater just just from that one simple strategy of understanding and knowing how to implement and improve on what you're already doing all right so that was my top five mistakes that everybody is making when they start an online entrepreneur ship all right I will be around John Nelson will be around I he sent me a list of amazing things that he bringing to you guys over the next month I am definitely going to be tuning in for because I'm more than excited about them and if you guys aren't already go ahead and join the um John's new group it is called boost Services I believe I do not have it pulled up on Facebook but I will share it whever I have put this if you guys are in boost already and you'd like to find out more trainings about me you can go ahead and follow me on YouTube just search Atlas agency launch lab and you'll see some more trainings about me or Atlas online Solutions my other YouTube channel we'll see more about me but until then this has been really really good if you have any questions about anything that I talked about please please please reach out no I'm not just going to try and sell you or say come and get on a call or whatever you have to pay me for stuff if I have it available to you and it makes sense to me to give it to you for free 100% am I going to give it away for free because networking friendship in relationships is what online entrepreneurship is all about all right guys I'll see you guys around

- 3 Common Mistakes When Hiring a Marketing Professional: Kind: captions Language: en sup everybody I'm Paul Stacy from Orange otter marketing coming at you recorded live from our beautiful green screen office today I'm talking about the three biggest mistakes we see people make when hiring someone to lead their marketing teams number one tapping a non-marketing person for lack of a better description to lead their marketing departments and oversee the execution of their marketing plans and part of me gets it I mean marketing is a strategic function so if you have a candidate or perhaps someone internally that has some Next Level leadership skills or some serious business Acumen why not right I mean how hard can marketing be now admittingly there are examples out there of people transitioning into a marketing position and having a great deal of success however you could also be sure changing your organization or Worse sending the wrong message to your Junior marketing professionals specifically that just anybody can do their job and not everybody can marketing people are more than just skilled they're talented anybody can learn a skill I can learn all the L lycs to a Beyonce song no problem I've got a pretty good memory but no matter how hard I try no matter how long I practice I will never ever be able to sing like her trust me because that's talent in fact marketing is kind of the perfect intersection between hard cold business skills and colorful Dynamic creative talents don't just settle for anybody find your Beyond up next is looking for marketing candidates with experience in your specific industry okay conventional thinking does make this seem like a good idea it's a pretty common requirement in other parts of the organization so why not marketing well because marketing is built differently I worked agency level marketing for over 10 years and during that time I worked in every marketing capacity imaginable and had the pleasure of working in dozens of different Industries and while the target audiences changed from industry to Industry and the language jargon and acronyms were different the basic fundamentals and best practices of marketing remain the same it all goes back to marketing 101 we want to grab their attention generate interest create desire and provoking action our good friend a remember her so companies could be potentially passing over better more talented marketing Professionals for lesser candidates simply because those lesser candidates have industry experience in fact I'd argue you'd be better off with someone who's largely unfamiliar with your industry there's nothing like a fresh set of eyes or a different point of view to reveal unseen ISS issues or shed light on New Opportunities and last but not least requiring specific software experience H this one kind of makes my brain hurt guys cuz it's really outdated thinking and I see it all the time especially from smaller companies for example a company will post a job and among the requirements will be uh proven track record and demand generation uh experience in managing creative professionals ability to research and analyze market trends Proficiency in Trello Trello guys we're well into the 2020s now every professional you hire marketing or otherwise is going to have extensive experience with various software Solutions no matter what your company is using your new hire will be able to familiarize themselves with it in just a few days remember when some of us moved from Microsoft Office to Google workspace I don't know about you but I didn't have to take a class or attend an online training course the UI was a little different it's really the same with project management tools workflow Solutions marketing automation software crms etc etc etc and I'm speaking from experience I've used a lot of them but Paul you might say we're not actually going to disqualify someone if they don't know how to use Trello it's just so nice to have cuz you know you might talk that way remember though you're not just looking for qualified candidates candidates are looking for positions they're qualified for and you don't want a great candidate disqualifying themselves based on not meeting the requirements you've laid out in your job posting the best approach is to be General instead of Trello say project management software instead of Salesforce require your candidate to have experience working in CRM systems no matter what software your company is using your new hire will figure it out well that's all I have for now good luck in hiring your next marketing professional [Music]

- How do avoid common mistakes when running Facebook ads? | Faiz Digital Expert: Kind: captions Language: en Salam Walekum, in this particular video we will talk about how I can tell you that if you guys are running ads or if you are thinking about advertising and obviously this video is going to be very beneficial for you guys because in this video I will tell you the common mistakes that one should make if you are a beginner or if you are a business owner [Music] I will share it with you guys through it so make sure I don't need anything from you guys except subscription if you guys are running make sure then we can identify the goal [Music] maybe it's not a big deal okay if it still doesn't happen then we talk to its support team and then they resolve it and give it to us okay so how do we define the goal I click on the crate so I click on create new above there is a new campaign so I click on it okay here we have this objective in front of us this is the goal you understand Now for example, for any business, there is a lead goal. Okay, now here in this objective, there is a goal in the business and in the F we select this objective. Then different goals are made in every objective. For example, if I talk about lead, then there is instant form in lead, we can take lead on messenger also, that is, in this sense, whichever lead comes, we can convert it, we can do it through calls also. Similarly, if we come in sales, then conversion for us is the same as anyone making a purchase. Then we are running catalog sales or we want to take conversion through messenger or on top of it or through calls, then this identification is going on, so keep this defined goal in mind. Okay, in the second option, a little bit, this is not a fancy video which is going to be edited a lot, I am going to tell you guys I will tell you what I am saying from my heart, okay, then we have the second option, target the right audience, now I will also show you target the right audience practically, for example, I take any objective, click on continue and from here select manual and continue, a little bit, first of all I am above the campaign level here and below that, which is the lowest level, and this one in the middle, the center one, is called the at set level, so I come above it, scroll a little and here you will see the let or this audience control, okay, so first of all we target the location, which is the target for us, we can also target radius wise, we can also target any specific location, that is, if there is any institute, center, English academy or if we are conducting courses, then for that we target a specific radius, okay, now you can also go with this new feature, that is, you are allowing the feature So, I have given you the creative, you can use it yourself through your AI, use the gender, use the age range, everything like interest etc., you can range everything as per your wish, so you can leave it as it is, otherwise if you click on plus then you can target it as per your wish, that is, whatever your business is, what should be its age, what should be its gender, whether it is male or female, here, which interest would you like to target, which demographics are there, so you can test one by one, okay, lastly you are placement because obviously you have to go with minimal placement because if you go with recommended then the disadvantage of it will be that it will show it on all the places and the impressions, it is not such that it will charge you only on clicks, rather it will charge you on impressions as well, make sure that your targeting audience is correct, okay, okay, I will show it from here, let me say yes Okay, so now let's come to the second option, this target is done, okay let's come to the third option, different ad creative, let me make it visible, which is this option, test different ad creatives, that is, by ad creative you people must be aware that copywriting comes in it, ad lines come in it, images and videos come in it, okay, so all this is included in creatives, okay, see how much creativity should be there, whenever you are running a business, you should keep at least three images and videos, that is, make a video, two images, it is simple, okay, this much should be there in the beginning, okay, you should go with two ad lines and create two-three primary texts, okay, and the primary text should be amazing, I will go ahead and there is a slide for that too, so I will tell you how it should be, okay, so do this thing compulsorily, if you do not do multiple things, you will not do multiple testing, so obviously you will lose a lot of money, okay, monitor performance regularly, now see, there are many people who run ads. They do it but they leave it like that, so leaving it like that is never going to yield any results. You have to see how many likes are we getting, how much is the frequency of our posts, along with this, what is the cost per click, how many impressions are coming, so you have to look at all these metrics, you have to pay attention to where we are making mistakes related to the audience, whether our budget is less or more, so you have to look at all these things, it is very important, well, in this option we have set a realistic budget, as I told in the previous slide, look at the budget, there are many people who are saying that I am selling a project of Rs. 1000, there is a product, be it a service or a product, and they have kept a budget of Rs. 10 per day, so what does $ mean, $ does not mean anything, the F is understanding that brother, you are selling a product or service worth $ 10000 and you have run the DUS with $, then the F of AI It's very fast. It can understand all these things. It understands through AI that if its services are run at 10p, then it's not going to be of any use. So, make sure that you keep a realistic budget. Well, on this slide, we'll talk about optimization. I'll show you practically how we can optimize through mobile. So, I'll come above the D level. Okay, so I'll come above the D level. From here, I'll take any post, any image, for example, I'll take any image so that I can show you [music] that I'll take the one on Apple TV. Now, look, here you're seeing an example here too. Now this feed, the feed, is the one that you're scrolling through, okay, so this is 1080p by 1080p. So, you have to keep this and then this Now for the story, you have to create a separate image for your story as well so that it gets optimized for mobile. All your users are viewing this on their mobile phones only. Then it is often off and on. So you have to turn it on, that is, after doing all the optimizations, click done. That means it is optimized for mobile. You have to leave this story as a story. The feed image will not work here. Make sure that you write down all these things or take a screenshot of it and focus on this thing. Okay, so it takes a little bit of time. I think it is an internet issue. So let's come to the number seven point. So use compiling visual and ad copy. Okay, this is copywriting. If you are running ads in USA, okay, USA, Australia, that is, if you are running ads in these countries, then copyrighting has a lot of value there. So make sure that your copyrighting is Chat GBT. Use it, in today's times I myself am also using it, I also write myself and make a lot of mistakes, I myself also write English, it is such a heavy type of English that I do not understand it, so whenever I get stuck anywhere, because English is not my native language, obviously I am Urdu speaking, I am Pakistani speaking, but obviously I can speak Urdu and as well as English, so English is my third language. When saying your copywriting, when you are in USA, in Australia, then you have to take great care of it, Facebook ads, Facebook ads, obviously that is there, so you should take great care of this, you should not avoid it, well test and refine, this is the thing that as I said, you have to test, whether it is your landing page, whether it is your copies, whether it is your images, whether it is your videos, whatever objectives I have mentioned, you will have to test them as well, which objective, that is, which goal to select, that is also very important. So you should keep this thing in mind and take care of it. Okay, do n't neglect post click experience. Now see, I have added this thing here because whenever you are running a business, then before that, make some images, make some videos and share them organically on the page or on your profile. You should see whether it gets likes and comments or not, whether it works organically or not. If it does, then by running ads on it, you can generate a lot of money because it is working so much organically, so it will work very well through PET. So, you should implement this strategy of making share, consider it a strategy, but people do not do it. Okay, let's come to this slide. Stay informed about policy changes in this slide. Look, on a daily basis, as a digital marketer or as a beginner, you should understand this thing that on a daily basis, you will stay in touch with things or old things and keep adding new things. If you do not adopt it, then obviously you will be left far behind, so try to stay informed, you should start reading articles, there are many things, many things are happening in PDF form or whenever there is any update, it will be shared automatically and you should watch its video and understand that you will be updated again, okay so last but not the least I will share the slide that is thank you so much for watching this video till now and if you people have not yet subscribed or liked it then like it and I can only request you people to subscribe because I will bring as much value as possible for you people related to digital marketing, which is paid ads, my specialty is in paid advertising, so make sure you subscribe and see you in the next video till now tata bye bye tech

- 3 iGaming Mistakes Killing Your Conversions | Expert Tips from Sona Manukyan: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Sona, representing The Point Corporation. We focus on iGaming marketing and branding, and I'll be sharing useful insights and practical tips for operators and professionals based on 10 plus years of industry experience. First, slow website speed. If your platform takes even a few extra seconds to load, players don't wait, they leave. Speed directly impacts both trust and retention. Second, sending traffic to home pages instead of specific landing pages. When users click on a specific offer but land on generic page, they get lost. A dedicated landing page keeps the message clear and increases the chance of conversion. Third, offers that players don't understand quickly. If players need to read or think too much, they'll skip. The best offers are simple, visible, and instantly understandable. Fix this and you will see better performance. Contact us if you need some help, and don't forget to subscribe to our social media pages and YouTube channel. See you soon.